I told you guys my [ __ ] hate that guy
hey what's up dates they hurt your
[ __ ]
I maybe did you and [ __ ] a Greek have
a bone to pick that's what he C was
talking [ __ ] right yeah I don't like the
way this [ __ ] carries himself
lucky I had obligations at twitchcon
Greek I was given a second away from
lighting your ass up dude I was about to
beat the [ __ ] out of you you're lucky I
got pulled away mate he would have been
touching my Greek we're like the same
height my dude are you serious I think
that brick bong that brick bong your
brain of yours is gonna little us for a
second I thought I was talking to Tyler
you [ __ ] yeah yeah well Oh a pass is
what [ __ ] old people when they saw
you at the entry line did you have to
buy two passes to get in the door Greek
I Love You Man what no we don't have any
meat I look good oh well you don't
haven't eat your currency you're not in
the EU anymore my dude you just have the
pound well you got lots of times but I
would say something about you but
there's nothing to say other than you
being a platinum for past a year I'm in
diamond dude come on
oh that's a key long enough I'm Greek I
play with I play with destiny and I'm
like a god it Leegin that we lost Oh God
who carries a diamond - it's quite the
statement Mitch alright what's up what
am I here for what are we doing I
stopped the diamond homie what you Micah
yeah we're good I'm roastin destiny I
think I won that one boys gotta what are
we bet highest you been in a league
destiny diamond went a long time ago
kill silver do I come here talk about
League is this really what I'm in here
for no sorry you're such a busy man hey
OH
only interrupted your muskies busy day
I'm playing Minecraft of your son I love
those I might by the way thanks cream
dusty you used my misfortune one time to
win one of your debates I saw that [ __ ]
on goddamn phone how did I use your
misfortune to win a debate no listen you
were talking somebody you're like yo you
ever heard of this guy Mitch Jones he's
like he like super Internet and like he
had everything he he lives as his
parents he's rich or some [ __ ] like that
you were going in about it and like I uh
you used my unfortunate situation to win
one of your goddamn debate I could find
the AH chil no it's somewhere out there
but like I was just wondering and
unfortunate that it can be used to
debate people with like this that's it
that's a booty right there um maybe I
don't remember this [ __ ] I mean I I
think I've watched you like in a debate
before but used your misfortune to win a
debate that sounds pretty rough debating
something about how
[ __ ] and you were saying how my life is
goddamn easy or some [ __ ] and like or
some [ __ ] how I don't [ __ ] I don't
remember is some [ __ ] like that well it
was funny I just thought was funny I saw
how just wondering if you actually
thought my life was really just a [ __ ]
show we were laughing at it that's
that's basically I think you I think he
has some problems you're working to but
I don't think I ever like hardcore talk
[ __ ] about you buddy talk [ __ ] I was
saying that you referenced something at
my misfortune front that's not talking
[ __ ] you literally you could Lily talk
about my penis in the debate and I'd be
like that's funny so I don't go yeah I
actually like you testing I think the
you be a funny guy man and I think you
would even have a bone to pick with like
or whatever the [ __ ] I don't know what
it is the weight and you have an issue
with the train wreck so what he said I
don't are yeah well I mean the clip was
pretty bad but apparently saying it was
just like satire or whatever so I mean I
guess oh my god oh my god she just got
$250 guys thank you there's not expected
oh no she X no look oh yes the X DX DX
okay yeah check this out checks out
checks out at listen this destiny just
listen listen everybody be quiet okay
okay you listen gusty wait yeah wait is
train wreck Siri eat a train wreck so
you gotta tell up inch that he has to
shower okay that shady was talking about
yesterday is not acceptable right I'll
shower right after your list of this
okay okay clear man clear man clear man
clear man clear vent listen to this
listen somebody like Mickey Jones right
you pollen stream at all I know a little
bone yeah so this is a guy that's had
like a lot of problems financially he
owes his ex-girlfriend like forty
thousand dollars not a problem
anything studying come off his
leadership and his parents are rich he
lived in US and then he lived in his
dad's extra house while he took off a
year from streaming yeah I think so I
think the context of the conversation it
had to do with something like like poor
people can't afford to make as many
mistakes as rich before and I think I
used you as an example here because you
admittedly right you've had some
problems in your life but thankfully
you're in a station in your life where
you can absorb a lot more trouble than
other people because you're more wealthy
right I think I think I was using you to
illustrate that point but it was like
you were using my misfortune with my
Lucia and don't think I don't see you
white nightmare on Twitter don't think I
didn't see you in her [ __ ] DMS homey
alright I see you up in there dude i DM
nurse I think we tried it
we've totally created a total like four
messages I think dusties try to get some
extra twitchcon yeah I mean okay it's
all good destiny we good though nobody
say life's a city white night huh was he
like just he just comments on her [ __ ]
and so he okay I literally asked her
what the deal with the car was cuz I was
curious if that was like a true thing
and her in here dog me off Logan I mean
yeah I'm looking at the damn see how
this movie was about like the car ship
Manley you were comment you were like
maybe a retweet up in there I'm just
saying were you trying to smash like
what was the whole no I don't even know
where the [ __ ] Mary lives my dude listen
I'm just trying to get in on that sweet
drama okay if I'm with position close to
the mirror the music get closer to him
buddy [ __ ] good alright we cleared
our [ __ ] now's your turn eight I'm not
gonna talking to more in a more
appropriate atmosphere because you know
that this is more of a loud this is more
of a clown fiesta and I'd like to talk
to them in a more in a more controlled
environment where him and I can actually
you know get our thoughts out and you
know have a little more of a serious you
know yeah okay so you're gonna go lean
on it no I'm not I'm awesome
this is it could turn into a debate if
you disagree this whoops what are we
looking at in what I meant and then if
he disagrees still then we will go into
debate if he doesn't then I'll be like
okay cool give each other hand jobs
we'll move on okay yeah yesterday
yeah what's happening you right back
yeah I'm just hanging out
what are you doing gonna go straight
plan player unknowns battlegrounds if
you want to do it now if you wanna make
this if you want to make the
or serious and this is chat if you wants
what residentsleeper in doing but if you
want to hear there's me some
residentsleeper because it's not gonna
be crazy 8 it's gonna be goddamn [ __ ]
this [ __ ] show that's in a goddamn you
know lost boys just naked short make it
two minutes actually talk to him that's
why i don't actually talk to him so
that's right he's right hey listen
listen mate he's right here
talk to him he [ __ ] he goes to bed
early sold okay why cuz you were right
there in my room did I [ __ ] you no did I
give you a [ __ ]
no but the end of the day you were right
there correct so sometimes it's not the
appropriate place to give you a [ __ ]
sometimes I gotta wait two weeks you
know sometimes it's better to wait fewer
works no imagine if I would have given a
hands on flip and I would have ruined
everything between us your eyes whereas
next pack South next time imagine all
the [ __ ] between us I can give you a
goddamn hand job we can shoot to the
ceiling there you go dude delayed
gratification is one of the signs of a
mature mind what wait what happened what
you said source watch it I just spaced
out delayed gratification it's like the
mark of an educated complication the
gratification of realizing that if he
gives you a [ __ ] immediately even
though it might feel good now it would
be even better if you would wait later
that delaying your personal
gratification to none of these words are
that big read come on I wasn't one of
those guys that that can talk the talk
but can't walk you know I'm saying well
I mean I walk on loose now anymore
it's you sound smart but you're not that
smart you're like one of those guys that
sounds I mean I don't think I'm that
smart but I think what you like black
your way for a debate by luck like RNG
do you think I like I open a thesaurus
and I throw darts and I pick the correct
word
we know you like I know exactly I didn't
I've seen you google or you go straight
to Google in wit okay sure
Thanks alright destiny the road I just
want a debate
I beat destiny the debate let's make a
t-shirt that's minion rather he'll hide
ice cream fails yeah
you've always open that it's like I
really saw you the other day talking
[ __ ] about twitch and like you got some
bubble something like holy [ __ ] no the
best thing I livestream fills our is uh
big idols are so it's so great insta
games like when I was explaining on my
side of it to to destiny on my stream
yesterday they titled it train wrecks TV
calling out destiny I was explaining my
side yeah when I say this [ __ ] about
like see do or whatever with this
[ __ ] something about like
controversial topics but they like took
everything into context like what with
it yeah I mean well yeah that's like
journalism 101 you do clickbait titles
to get people to click your [ __ ] right
what if it makes you look that with your
they don't care they're not running PR
for you why would they care if they make
you look better or not anyways if you
weren't talking that we can talk now if
you want to talk now Oh champ talk Paul
champion okay so can I stay here yes you
could stay jersey nobody asked me if I
wanted a disdain here oh you want to do
it later I fully understand is the first
of all you know that there's a girl
giggling back I think I think ape should
do on history okay I don't I don't care
any time I love talking dude I can talk
whatever as well I just wanted a more
like with you at least I just wanted a
little bit more of a Mila girl can leave
yeah Oh a peaceful atmosphere or not
peaceful just the calming soothing you
know does that make sense yeah I'm
calmly
he was Felipe I think so if I could
assume what he's saying he's not saying
you have to leave he just doesn't want
people interjecting like giggles every
like two words I'm thinking if you guys
want to stay just mute your mics and
I'll talk to destiny and we'll get her
yes yes don't vaping my fish okay okay
you want to talk now you want to talk
later it's up to you it's it don't
listen to chat about people's things
here yeah yeah okay you want to talk now
sure yeah I don't know we're talking
about but oh wait music Jesus [ __ ] come
on Mitch okay okay so here we go okay so
obviously you know it's it's not only
you there is you know that there is a
lot of people there are a lot of people
that are upset or they they took it you
know in the way that it looks that it
exactly looks to be to be completely
honest with you what are your thoughts
on it like what's your initial take well
I mean it kind of it just sounded like
some Insull big cow stuff do you take me
you know using your you know yeah I mean
you know even a so once someone is
logically inclined or they have some
sort of like self-awareness uh-huh they
can kind of look at another I'm not I'm
not saying they can you know accurately
depict who he is but when you look at me
do you take me as an insole um I really
don't know I've no I haven't heard like
enough of you to have like an accurate
assessment of that
like if somebody held a gun to my head
and they were like we need you to give
us a readout like a percentage chance
that train wrecks is an insulting I
would be like I don't know maybe like 15
20 30 percent I'm not sure I don't know
I don't really know enough about you so
I was more just commenting on the clip
but I owe you I mean I guess from this
you have any questions should I explain
to you what I like what exactly are we
accomplishing like what are we doing are
we just explaining I have no idea my
guys called me in here that was saying
that you wanted to talk oh no my chai
was saying that you wanted to talk
oh that's awkward well I'd like
something specific you wanted
talk about oh no I just wanted it I just
I I wanted to clarify yesterday's
comments you made toward me about you
know the stuff you said which I don't
necessarily blame you I blame you on the
sensor I think you're little too quick
to judge and I think someone like
yourself that we're also what Kat says
rather people say you know something say
you're pretentious some other people say
you know you [ __ ] and you twist you
know you're good with words but I don't
think any of that I I do think I do
think you're intelligent
but through that I was I was I was a
little letdown that you were quick to
judgment you know quickly you know look
at 36 second video and not see what was
going on not see that the height behind
it was more so the heading behind the
veil of of oh I see this is why don't
they spend your channel cuz I'm gonna
talk about some people were hiding
behind a certain veil of you know moral
high ground of of you know burn the
witch you know this guy's a sexist
destroy him but realistically that sort
of thought process that's sort of that's
sort of you know you know punishment
burn burn this guy is exactly what in a
sense their initial argument is toward
me so when that's you know attacking a
group does that make sense like so
they're in a sense being hypocrites so I
guess I kind of I was let down that you
kind of joined that and you were quick
to judge quick to jump on it you know I
was expecting more of a listen it sounds
bad it looks bad but I don't know I
don't know the context you know this is
a 36 second clip you know there is
probably 10 more minutes of this you
know this does that make sense that's
what I expected in my expecting is a bad
thing okay
every human does it everyone's letdown
you can't expect you can't you know read
people's minds expect a certain thing no
one's ever gonna meet those but but
based on your past dream is based on
your past debates based on your past
arguments I did expect just some sort of
maybe level-headedness some sort of you
know does that make sense yeah so what
you're trying to say I think is that
you're disappointed because you consider
yourself to be a person that holds
nuanced views and it upsets you that
somebody that I'm being a little
presumptuous here that you considered to
be fairly intelligent made a snap
judgment about you you thought that was
unfair of me to do right is that we're
unfair I think it's completely fair I
don't think
it's unfair I just think it's it's the
word I don't like the word unfair
because that makes me sound like I'm an
entitled little [ __ ] that you know is
talking about the world isn't fair life
isn't fair does that make sense so it's
not a matter of fairness it's more of a
matter of it's a matter of you know with
this is gonna sound crunchy but with a
certain level of awareness and
intelligence comes a certain level of
responsibility and with that
responsibility I think you had a
responsibility to look at it unbiased
ously and look at it more more you know
I guess objectively is not the right
word because that's actually what you
did I guess to step back and you know
apply your own context apply your own
perspective and experiences and realize
that sometimes there are times when
things are clipped out everyone everyone
can be you know made into the villain
does that make sense yeah I agree with
that okay so I guess I expected that
jumping to the conclusion so it's not
about fairness or unfairness it's more
about you know when someone's more
intelligent I just expected more of a
you know cautiousness in in jutting in
judgment making or whatever the word is
son excellence yeah I I guess I just I
wasn't aware of the context of it being
satire and it didn't seem like anybody
provided me with wallet X but satire I
mean my speeches are the problem is like
when I use the word satire it's like
everyone you know I don't think funny
when Apes think it's more of a matter of
I hate using this word over and over
again it just sounds repetitive and you
know kind of discredits everything but
it's just more it's just context you
know like if people would have heard the
beginning five minutes or if the people
would have watched you know the passive
odds they'd understand who I was talking
about and what I was referring to
whereas they would to clarify them what
were you referring to then I guess just
to clarify so that it's perfectly clear
yeah I will tell you what I was
referring to but before I do that uh-huh
I'm going to I'm going to put a little
disclaimer on there because you know I I
haven't really I haven't I haven't
really gotten used to having a platform
this big and you know being you know
having everything that I've said
magnified and scrutinized so I
definitely want to you know say this
real quick my the word choice I used was
disgusting it was vulgar
um you know if I use the word choice
outside of that I don't think it's
disgusting or vulgar but the word choice
that you know the word choice I used in
that context was disgusting it was wrong
of me it was irresponsible so I'm sorry
I won't use it again and ask him what's
in on it the tone I had and the inciting
the crowd was also wrong and I am fully
but what I meant to say hopefully you
know next time I can you know stay away
from the tone and stay away from the
disgusting word choice what I meant was
which in a sense is still gonna be taken
the wrong way because in reality what
I've learned in life you can't you know
you should never group you should always
generalize and when I said you're always
generalize I mean in like you know when
you're a platform unless you know unless
you're not does that make sense if
you're working for someone and you know
you have to be you know there isn't a
complete freedom of speech you got it
more so you know speak in a generalized
manner instead of you know grouping does
that make sense otherwise what happened
what happened the last five days is just
gonna happen would you agree with that
wait can what do you mean by you need to
speak in a generalized sense so instead
of saying they or she or girls or these
group of girls or these blank and blanks
you say you know in in this world there
are people that do this Oh
CNA discuss whatever generalized yes so
and and that would that would have
