mr. memos name of your first cat Tigger
well what mr. wooden what's up buddy
what's up see even you having a hard
times with the boys you know I don't
give a [ __ ] it's not the band's on the
reddit say it's a big word you coming
from somebody that snaps too racist
contact mr. booting yeah can you dude
now people are making like [ __ ]
Instagram accounts with the and like
saying like it's like insane
I'd even post that I admit to my races
past I've said it a few times everybody
I'm not gonna take flak for something I
didn't do though okay guys you know what
what if you want to know what my offline
combos are really like no now with me I
don't consent there you go now this is
two days of lugs okay tell me B you
think it's racist or not yeah hey sorry
to pop in but are you guys playing are
you guys okay I'm just kidding okay just
kidding about just kidding Taylor do you
want to dance for $20 uh-huh that was a
fun meme shut the [ __ ] up yeah it was a
really nice dance - you did - everybody
did it so hey guys this guy makes a half
million dollars a year but I was pretty
excited about dancing for 20 bucks
[ __ ] it it was only 20 bucks how that
guy said - no it was supposed to be
2,000 Dan Dan wishes he could be on this
[ __ ] scalp I have some de Mille
grazie boys wait how do you change your
name in-game is there oh no I don't want
to be destiny Chan what's your name
Steve it's your ha space destiny [ __ ]
idiot
you have the dumbest cringe you have the
dumbest cringe mr. sheep mr. mu tau
Mouton dandy of team fight tactics oh
wait
what are you trying to say I mean I
could get it but I've never played
League of Legends before you could shut
down your No
I could get a [ __ ] free-to-play game
I think I could figure out um no one
damn kid no one damn doesn't matter
don't have to be someone I got [ __ ]
shekels I'll make it work I'll find
someone who is someone to get a minute
okay friend requests mouton who else
furry w hot dude hot dog dude is me
who's furry lover XD that's not me
that's Dan everybody get out of your
nose what do you think the average IQ is
it was a make America great how does 100
150 yeah that's a big range woman hey do
you have a group for a team fight attack
less than three doesn't he only scream
like late at night
[ __ ] fine well he comes on early for
game launches who kind of like I come on
early to launch my career on your mom's
really good one Steve amen brother
are you really okay it's the first time
I can be at the start of a launch of a
game this can be my game I could be the
number one player at this show
boomer Dan no Japan how do i buy Oh at
the bottom how do I wear oh my god no
never I said shut the [ __ ] up I see you
[ __ ] idiot I got an item not [ __ ]
screaming like a [ __ ] child you
[ __ ] idiot honor level 3 what the
[ __ ] is that
shut up and shut up Dan mr. Minton what
was the name of your first cat uh Tigger
well what mister wooden can you not do
that on my stream please no it is you've
got like a nice host today
no you're like ruining it for us don't
do this on my screen today wait how do I
see the item combinations you don't see
[ __ ] dumbass ha kick this dude's ass oh
god mr. mee
oh my god no I didn't dude kill this guy
back here oh my god oh my god so many
[ __ ] hacker he's on a [ __ ] already so
stupid oh my god it's like watching a
Lucien in a game please how does this
one loot how did Lucien just 1 V 3 my
[ __ ] team wait what happens if you
got a guy I want to leave you just gotta
wait until everybody else gets a guy
it's the shared draft dumb god Danny so
stupid mr. moon are you [ __ ] in which
order you you're so no you're dumb
you're dumb that's why you snap racist
yes we can't hear you
so shut the [ __ ] up Kate oh it's mr.
[ __ ] ass right I might lose this one
oh my all its cringing out tonight
oh it's favorite function okay Rodney's
really sorry
oh my god what is this
I'm so sorry ladies [ __ ] Taber
[ __ ] embarrassing [ __ ] Cringer do
you wax the Kerbal wait now these guys
are gonna jump on him and he's got no
help who told me to put him in the
corner
[ __ ] you guys oh wait these aren't like
special hero units these are just like
their regulars but they have items on a
minute
mm-hmm they come with an item so
basically the strategy here is like if
you don't need any of these guys then
the second thing you need to look for is
whichever we know you play foot [ __ ]
football okay not [ __ ] chess okay
Bobby Fischer calm down we play chess
yeah we are the chess masters here okay
Micra dan no Japan's Micro Dan no Japan
no [ __ ] joke oh my god you really mad
I've been to Japan probably more than
anyone in your [ __ ] in this stupid
chat news man and I'm gonna show you
what's [ __ ] micro on this trip all
right yeah your penis we know we've seen
oh oh you'll see that it's not the case
but it's in your butthole
what is wild damn um well you see I
spray a little bit on my mom I like
sometimes are you ready to get your
[ __ ] ass and nyah lated I don't think
you are a kid look at this lick lick
lick lick this guy actually thinks he's
a chance can I give some Duggars he's in
chat for this guy he thinks he's gonna
kill a single one of my [ __ ] units
watch this watch this watch this watch
this
mr. mean this guy was so good last game
let's see if he can do it twice in a row
yeah you're not so good this game are
you a little [ __ ] cuck little [ __ ]
boy that's what he is [ __ ] it's [ __ ] on
kid right into here looks like they eat
his ass wait if you have the same unit
it doesn't count towards your noble
bonus you would know that don't dumbass
shut up you know I got so many I got so
many synergies run around oh who is hot
dog
oh that's Taber are you ready to get
[ __ ] are you ready to get an i Lee
Taber
how do you really hear gonna kill even
one of my units be honest
fiora there it goes Braves oh wow whoo
God so Lucian who got so lucky it's so
sad to see how she players thank you
what that Lucian is broken for you no
way oh my god I was about to [ __ ]
Rhea so sad to see [ __ ] players like you
get rewarded for a bad wait why are some
green and some blue is that like the war
value of the creatures like how good
they're yeah it's blue better better one
better what's better your mama's better
boys I'm [ __ ] colorblind I can barely
[ __ ] tell which is which is always an
excuse with you I'm [ __ ] cringing
dude wait well I didn't want this [ __ ]
wait how do I drop it hoes mad man see
if you a hoe and guess what you mad hey
man wait who is mouton oh my God look
you think you're gonna win this don't
you hey mister and look at this right
now did you really think you were gonna
win be honest be honest tell us right
now
tell us yeah yeah you asked to wait he
has to wait until everything is dead
he's too scared to talk [ __ ] it's okay
mister and I don't blame you
wait attempting to reconnect you guys
you really deed us in the servers to win
Steve that's [ __ ] karinabrown
why does it no wait invited Karen oh I
don't know her name she's not even me
I'm waiting by katarina please I can't
function with a girl around not nice he
cringed it up Oh cringed it of the dota
one already has a mobile version wait
really
oh nice for me nice axe you wanted to
share
okay you're making me cringe right now
and it's really hard to do that
let's go sure you got a damaged car
hewould garyun are you oh my god I'm
great dude I think elementalists if you
can grab it as real again yeah it looks
like you look really good Steve mmm I'm
gonna get that waiting for Wow yeah
cringe brothers unite oh let me throw a
rap down huh
gonna make it to the next town uh Steven
Bonelli's gonna mute because he's scared
of me and he's a little [ __ ] be fire
Ranger and gunslinger with Kato Reno do
you know what an SJ w is hmm thank you
wait what is an SJ w she must be one
wait just say what is it what is it
kid wait what is it okay a social
justice warrior is a derogatory term for
someone who has you're not being trapped
just all that information you know no I
swear to God warrior which is a
derogatory term actually I think
actually w's call themselves sjw's okay
no oh man thank you that's good an sjw
is a social justice warrior and a social
justice for someone who is way who has
really really really take me out on this
one cuz this ain't a cheap
[Music]
