there's dumbass and quite herbalism 50s
Earl doesn't suck my dick
I voted yesterday kind of worried about
the right shift in Europe worried that
it's not happening faster I'm just
kidding
alchemy and herbalism go hand in hand
and pay something what's your take on
the add-on discussion they had on the
train progress
the problem with add-ons is that like
ideologically I'm kind of against them
but there's no way to enforce it
generally and I might get I don't know
any might Wow add-ons by knowing out
other games there's probably no way to
enforce it so you kind of have to just
accept that it's just a part of life are
you against quality of life add-ons I
mean the thing is is that like people
will like I don't know enough about WoW
but people will say like quality of life
when it's way more than that
like the like here's like the number one
[ __ ] easy thing I read okay if you
were a decent hearthstone player I was
legend okay I'm not like top legend so
maybe maybe the really good ones don't
use this I could be could be wrong on
this but like you pretty much had to use
like hearthstone deck tracker right like
it seemed to me like everybody used it
and it kept track of like all your [ __ ]
and you know I think people were like
hey like is this abusive like should you
not be using this and I think like the
hearthstone dev came out and made this
really stupid statement which was um
well technically anybody can do with the
hearthstone deck tracker does with a
pencil and paper so it's okay and it's
like really like really deck trackers
needs more for streaming the right
destiny I don't see it but I see why
streamers use it
oh wait well what do you mean no it
tells you like the percentage chance are
doing your next cards oh no I think it'd
be pretty important can remind you of
what you've drawn or what you haven't
drawn or what cards you're looking for
or not looking for certain add-ons are
required otherwise the game because I'm
possibly difficult so like I don't know
enough about WoW to say anything about
this but from Starcraft impossibly
difficult was considered a cool thing
right in StarCraft one of your resources
is attention and you can't play
Starcraft perfectly maybe with certain
add-ons you could but you have to choose
like well where am I going to spend my
time I gotta find a cure get something
here expand care that's like a decision
that you have to make but using add-ons
to like conference it but maybe maybe
wow his balance now such that it's
impossible to read without out on so I
mean
I'm skeptical when you say it's
impossible but I don't have the
background to know I just want like a
bag how can I tell like the size of
these bags
hover over icon Oh six lot bag he
doesn't know pepper law pepper wall
we're team lock bag damn can I just buy
the [ __ ] out small green six months his
are all linen bag six lots a small silky
I see by from the bag vendor not the
auction I just wanted the bag Gunderson
was his buy from the auction house of
the bag vendor is there way to sort by
by out so like the cheapest one I see
it's like for silver oh the bags of
there are five silver for silver thirty
five copper [ __ ] that okay it looks like
the cheapest soul rave wait I think I've
only got three silver oh wait nevermind
I always Michael oh it's done here okay
cool alright so wait where's my [ __ ] up
felt like a box I have to pick it up and
there's a mail to you hell yeah I got
that got that inventory space mmm
little [ __ ] my supposed to go I need to
go to the top of that [ __ ] you ready for
the coming Collins today I'm not doing
ice [ __ ]
press shift beetle and all the bag my
face when I don't have enough silver to
fly
you can press in and show your skills
there you go
look how talented I am increase your
parrot chance precision increase your
chance to hit with melee weapon is who
improve backstab know if I thought well
maybe I will see okay hell we're not
doing the range okay
start a Northwest Northwest once
northeast towards Durotar look for razor
main drive people okay gotcha
hey jacked up wait dude you dying no no
he died [ __ ] I'm sorry dude [ __ ] now I'm
gonna die yeah hold on sorry oh there's
another range where me too I'm pretty
good I should I tried to save that
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] wait can we win this
okay I'm gonna kill this wait no no
we're good
if I if I wanted to so we can gouge and
then I can bandage oh look I did the
combo
he goes on down here to say an average
McDonald's worker my field of cook /
clean wait they might do just leave me I
need to gauge and then run oh I think
I'm gonna die
oh he healed me wait did he heal me oh
no wait he did leave me oh I shouldn't
use my abrasion thing it doesn't do
anything no [ __ ] how far do these
[ __ ] chase you for he said he only
needed to first quest oh [ __ ] that dude
destiny can't debate dude the chapel I'm
probably already [ __ ] call me a
pedophile afraid I don't give a [ __ ]
like when people have decided they don't
like me all of a sudden like every
random [ __ ] irrelevant [ __ ] thing
that's ever happened to me is like all
of a sudden like has come onto the table
I guarantee you that I'll probably see
some new zealand [ __ ] am I open that
chap up there there's gonna be something
like oh that's why destiny [ __ ] 15
year-olds from New Zealand [ __ ] t it
like I just the [ __ ] away of the
world my dudes
okay geomancer and where do I get this
tusks at Oh geomancer way to my party
guy leave already
what the [ __ ] it's exactly what the
right wing dip shits - yep
hi that's what everybody does how is it
that this guy blew up but didn't that's
the real question
Wonder Bread received a little home
I need where is a snarl snouts tusks hey
buddy
practice not using backpedaling in game
you can unbind the SQ backpedaling it
will improve your gameplay
you should quickly read the historical
uses of options on Wikipedia
one example is by farmers selling
options on their future harvest call it
helps smooth out price volatility caused
by a good harvest or a bad harvest but
don't they already get subsidized like a
[ __ ] by the government pedal
faster are we officially on what the
phase means I don't think it'd be nice
to talk about it so yeah [ __ ] Amish
unless Devon wants to talk about how do
I leave I'm pretty sure I saw somebody
link earlier I think people were
defending vash in there too saying that
like I slandered him or some [ __ ] but
hey man it is what it is global
capitalism has [ __ ] nation states
possibility to control tax levels school
capital just moves to whatever country
has low taxes current economical growth
is with multinational companies we have
to somehow regulate taxes
internationally eg trade deals yeah
that's we doesn't know what I just said
wait why can I loot these mystic
defender--
snarl smell
where the [ __ ] am I supposed to find a
saucer [ __ ] Oh Queen egg snarf out
the real question is who brings up Dix
more is it train wrecks on the [ __ ]
train wrecks podcast when Manuel's there
where as an Irish laddie for literally
no [ __ ] reason
what's the meme where it's like no one
and then it's nothing or everyone and
it's like nothing or no it's no one and
then there's no text and the Irish
lighting is like my beard and my hyper
masculine sexual presently
silver bar do I care about their [ __ ]
where are the Collins nobody wanted to
call in you are a beast cool thanks
formula enchanted chest I had an idea
and about how to stop flowers get rid of
all the counties and have each voter
vote for every representative and
senator within the fire one yeah but
voters will be voting for a team buy
back wallet all hours and deeds versus
ours Indies why is it actually good it
sells well like how well so an auction
is how the [ __ ] am I supposed to know
probably an attachment I don't care for
question we're talking for gold not just
silver wait really
wait hold on thirty to seventy silver
staunch hammer I want to solve that
hi Steven hi stamina is hella good right
we don't want to ever ground when I saw
this thing patterned red linen robe did
you go to so read don't wanna doing that
or do I want to sell that at the auction
house
oh and edgy bastard sorry she has a
vendor everything it's a [ __ ] beta no
one's gonna buy your gear whoa
yeah [ __ ] you're right actually [ __ ]
what was I thinking I should just sell
all this not true people will buy it how
many people are in the beta they can buy
it for disenchanting okay now right well
well get used to selling things
what is this time quest AIDS [ __ ] I
wanted to go get food
west of the crossroads press o and
refresh the who list
wait it's not this guy right wait wasn't
there some quest that I just couldn't
take my amateur as well [ __ ] oh this
[ __ ]
why why does he have a question or
exclamation
okay cool
okay I need to turn this [ __ ] in [ __ ]
what is my thing on a time limit quest
timers okay bring the rendered spores to
other guys now and Thunder Bluff before
the time limit is up and Thunder Bluff
what the [ __ ] is that is that over in
here like near Thunder Ridge it's over
I'm Olga more arm old war
cheese in the pools of vision a cave
beneath the Shamas okay and I can just
get this later Ryan okay [ __ ] that one
it's a long walk yeah [ __ ] that sure
should I follow this guy chat bonus meme
ye bonus man destiny you're Sargon Oh
nice
sunset found her squatting in the grass
groaning every stool was looser than the
one before and smelled father by the
time the moon came up she was [ __ ]
brown water the more she drank the more
she shat but the more she shed the first
year she grew okay all right what am i
doing okay
steel TASM zki then use it open a
sessional deliver its contents mm okay
i'll Liberty to get test essential open
the lying Metacom is complex we'll
probably use you obtain the key if I
don't I can only feel me left key that's
right here to system gamin a drunkard
you're most like I find about the tavern
I have the tavern where in ratchet
aggramar how do you know that all right
I'm just going back to that effect that
I'm just saw [ __ ] anyway or not sell
[ __ ] turn in [ __ ] oh that's the time
[ __ ]
where's this [ __ ] writer okay listen I
enjoy the exploration in this game
although I don't know how I feel about
literally nothing being marked on the
mini-map not too sure about that
oh wait it's over here take me to the
place
we try another class before you get
super far with this one well can't I
just give this to 30 and then try
another one
silver pine forest SW of the Undercity
is a really good zone for your LVL now
Wow cool dude
folks almost 17 what the [ __ ] okay how
do I sell my [ __ ] edged bastard sword
auctions auction item oh there it is
starting price what is this is this what
people are like selling it for destiny
no wait what's this random [ __ ] they got
search for its first edged bastard sword
it's not even listed okay I don't have
selling [ __ ] 4:15 not okay how do I do
it
auctions must be greater than the
starting price Oh
there okay fire wand brows
who said I could sell this [ __ ] for like
[ __ ] one gold you guys are [ __ ]
dumb as [ __ ] dude I wasted my [ __ ]
time bringing this dumb [ __ ] [ __ ]
here oh my god
too late I'm stalling for two gold or
two silver
okay staunch hammer of stamina 10 silver
I [ __ ] hate you shoes
pattern
can you even solve patterns or by
patterns oh my god dude WC I don't know
the [ __ ] that means wood cutting well
the [ __ ] is Candyland
that's a poke right yeah what the [ __ ]
do you want well I want this guard tell
me where the [ __ ] tavern is yeah well
the [ __ ] is a tavern inaugural my or
whatever the [ __ ] yeah it's for a quest
okay if you must know okay
I gotta find a dude no I don't believe
in that that's unethical as [ __ ] no it's
not about train wrecks it's about ethics
in gaming okay
never in my life but if I did I sure as
[ __ ] wouldn't be on a Don [ __ ] no I
know not to do Adams because I'm an
ethical player okay no rogues or cancer
changed my mind to it I just got 420 XP
hoho okay hold on
I need to do that rage fire Kasim is how
we're gonna do okay
no can can you do rage fire once cuz I
can't I don't think maybe a higher one
but I can try
where's your discord call so [ __ ]
quiet I don't know it cuz pokecenter
should turn all the [ __ ] way down
there okay I gotta take that letter back
to that dude what is this bring fifteen
Center braces during our west of the
crossroads okay
west of the crossroads and ratchet ask
pokey to Sharla's WC quests what the
[ __ ] does that mean
I have willing caverns quest yeah what
do mean to share them you share quest
like what the [ __ ] does that mean like
you if I have the person you don't have
it I can share it to you oh that's
[ __ ] awesome yeah
even if we're like different like races
or hordes or alliances or whatever no my
party and be near me oh [ __ ] wait if
you're an alliance can we like party
with each other without not work no oh
damn okay hold on I gotta go back to the
crossroads pokey okay yeah RC his chat
what is what is my RFC yet what no the
RFC is a dungeon yeah lower level though
yeah it's like 15 isn't it 14 13
everybody's saying different [ __ ]
they're all dumb [ __ ] just talk to me
okay I know everything
mrs. down to heel you're missing the
rope a shattered Han well I need to get
TASM zki Oh
oh my god I forgot to go there oh if I
altai for will the telephony back to
Aughra schland or whatever [ __ ] god damn
it I needed to get my blade of cunning -
how many quests have you done in the
barren I don't [ __ ] know how do I
tell there's our way is does it show you
like all your quests or whatever
somewhere don't you get like
achievements in this game what the [ __ ]
nope later on how do I know if I'm doing
a good job if I'm not constantly getting
achievements though I mean okay oh you
probably have an add-on for achievements
don't you you little [ __ ] cook no
yeah you do it's okay damn so if you
wanted to find out if you've done every
quest by the end of the game you'd
literally have to go back and like talk
to every person there's no way to check
yeah
Jesus that's some hardcore ash [ __ ]
there homie when they added expenses and
stuff and there was an achievement to do
everything game and you get like a title
called the insane damn yeah pretty cool
do not do RFC without all the quests you
missing on a ton of exp ours are a lot
of quests that like take me into that
cavern or whatever I don't have any of
the there's a command to check quest
completed what's the command say it are
perma ban wait I have a talent point
don't [ __ ] move phenobarb do I got
time for you way over a level for you
you little [ __ ] boy cut gasps piece of
[ __ ] get down stream what did you think
of Game of Thrones finale as a whole
don't have like 12 YouTube videos a few
seasons have been complete shiet and the
writers suck donkey penis yeah something
like that
wait is pokey streaming mean dumb Joe
what the [ __ ] I was gonna say wait have
you played well before are you like a
wow dude yeah I played for a lot like
okay a lot of years like eight years
growing up damn
yeah I got gladiators i was like a zero
point one percentage in arena you know
i'm saying hell yeah
thanks chomp Dean
did all these rewards suck thank you
says this is not that ship game one
refused to name Bank means destiny ask
him how many real misses he has none
damn what are you doing dog I thought
you were good thought you were a
gladiator I was carried for glad to [ __ ]
Oh actually I was I did realm first Lich
King 10 man no one cares about 10 man's
dude that's not even real raids once you
have the cross and you can deliver his
letter to zarg the [ __ ] is argh oh he's
over here my god
what could I
yes
[ __ ] hell you've put your talent
point in oh no I don't know how to put
it
oh wait [ __ ]
chance to hit Perry chance critical
strike chance of your backstab please
done the math what's better get
percentage it is yeah you miss a lot of
tax in Manoa
because it's [ __ ]
oh my god he's gonna kill me oh I can't
bandage him see you wait is there a wind
rider do that ratchet there is I should
I just [ __ ] wind rider here with the
foot yeah okay I just sputter valve how
do you like vanilla so far it's pretty
cool I think it's a shell hmm
[ __ ] this butter valve the [ __ ] is more
Shen rampart to [ __ ] his up this is
ratchet the merchant cause plus you have
gotta take this part that I got from
that big machinery over maybe I need to
go south from here wait [ __ ] what's it
called the winning K bolt bucket
follow the road north to play this thing
martien is in the north barons right by
Ashenvale
when are we starting to show
I think you should do billing cabins you
see little sixteen and would be willing
caverns listen to that's going to take
me well okay have you guys already done
the RFC shake an we do well hey isn't
that supposed to be like a level twenty
[ __ ] it's wise starts at 1608 to twenty
we could do it
the Pagal at all and the [ __ ] is that
say that does my family accepted a bag I
bought this [ __ ] [ __ ]
where the [ __ ]
oh [ __ ]
why does this count as uncommon if he
[ __ ] ran for me week did he just go
and grab a friend is that what they do
hey buddy you look like you need a team
mate no you see look past some nostalgia
how do you feel my walk closer I don't
have any started never play this again
my life why is this thing I'm out of
range she's my [ __ ] bandages
what is this glitching oh let's try oh
you can use bandages on other people oh
that's cute okay I'm gonna take mom's to
heal did they do it like as soon as you
run away instead I mean is this the
sludge fend why don't I see any buckets
with [ __ ] may need to go more yeast
what he's [ __ ] just [ __ ] come out
from
yeah [ __ ] that up
poke what how do you normally wake up
wait is he here shouldn't be jumping
right now
oh he's muted you [ __ ] did I go
over the TV should I nope nobody wanted
to talk about it so we're done with that
[ __ ] man I think I need to leave
pretty soon I might try to do the RFC
[ __ ] tomorrow and then maybe that wc1 -
we'll see I have to run around though
and get all the quests for that
RFC ship since it was like there's like
four more wow genuine EQ and broad liard
thanks for your 7 I'm back sorry about
that no I need to leave pretty soon son
I still can't bandage you [ __ ]
kidding me I'm not gonna lose I can win
this fight I believe I just jump harder
and then waste my precious tool bucket
marsh white is that's what workout rope
Jesus Christ when you plan on going I'm
pretty soon actually like 20 minutes oh
yeah okay maybe try okay I love you
buddy what do you normally wake up happy
I'm happy a good to hear your voice [ __ ]
off
well you normally wake up okay alright
everybody
try using your sap ability but the fact
is even to 25 seconds
this is on it must on stealth me right
gotta walk behind them up okay hello
some
we're what the sixth sick as [ __ ] right
he's really good
wait did I just get this for killing
matter did that come from one of these
two [ __ ] oh no that's your fire
- agility into stamina agility increases
at a couple of million range weapons and
prints a chance to spark critical hit
and dodge
if I log out here will I log back in
here is it gonna like send me to a city
or some [ __ ]
log off at an inn for rested XP wait I
don't get rested XP if I'm not at an inn
oh I'll do it later [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] I have to run all the way back
to an inn
oh [ __ ] that I don't care about that
that's too long just hearthstone until I
didn't do that
most nights I mean
alright repairing a cappuccino public
adoption I'm a cheater deputy no cabbage
an option optional hey if you've got a
twitch prime sub connected to twitch or
an Amazon Prime connector into account
did you know they can't which prime some
to your favorite streamers or twitch
prime to me okay throw my hostname I'm
hosting seminarian first one boomer
before you go I was Emmer I don't have
another Darren stenason friend of boomer
does that make me a boomer
hey we're bun burner cappuccino
opportunity option time opportunity no
cappuccino machine oh wow envy thanks
for seven buddy cap cappuccino pop I
lost river on a cappuccino public you
know how keen on my machine redemption
okay but you know I have to you know
