Jesus Christ it's ludus [ __ ] this is it
art eBay looks like when it's [ __ ] time
boys
yeah boy hi jet
we are at Skansen it's a very Swedish
mark I mentioned everything here is
quite Swedish yeah we're gonna see moose
ok my moose really Swedish annals behind
some no but I'm not interested in other
animals I want to see the speed set wait
why not yeah animals hey slam how do you
say come here
oh I think alligators Swedish in Sweden
ok you receive you maybe oh my god what
a beautiful view
wow oh my god oh my God look those flags
those are swedish flags yeah I know that
I can you know what jet he actually saw
the American Embassy today are we not
very excited I wanna go there I can kill
you in a video game
probably [ __ ] weirdos always have ice
cream huh stop you don't want to hear
okay I'm just telling her the worst she
can't say yesterday okay oh my god wait
does she normally say those words do you
say gamer words very bad what is it yah
ha ha ha did it okay where the moose
I don't see any wait you know what we
seen anyone come there's more than one
moose when there's more than one moose
no like nice no you think you see moose
right dude more moose what do you call
when there are two if there's more than
one goose
jeez no geese you think so
multiple mooses is nice there at least
yes oh my gosh I said get it off did he
go away listen I could sing dumbass
place I don't need more bites holy [ __ ]
oh my god is enemies well like it came
to her when she called it why don't we
bring bread to feed them because it's
bad for them what do you mean
well that one sounds just like you yeah
that's what they're watching oh my god I
thought this was just like a radio oh my
god is it gonna sing a Swedish
[Music]
fans key oh it's [ __ ] English oh my
god get me out of here dude I think
you're seven buddy
I like the default browser yeah I do
thank them I'm a nice person
Ola the Renaissance Faire no this is
later actually
I don't they were dressed up like
Renaissance people if you want to blend
in with Swedes the most important thing
is to buy a pair of a white tennis shoes
apparently 85% of Swedish would wear
white tennis shoes I don't know why it's
a pretty [ __ ] weird must be some cult
indoctrination [ __ ] what is the weather
like it's pretty cold ish out here
it's like 65 fahrenheit 17 Celsius I
think some [ __ ] pretty pretty cool
go pet them lay look look look they love
when you pet them yeah when they're
laying like that they're asking to be
pet give them a pet
don't run no don't just pet them be nice
look you're like 17 times larger than
those at least yeah hmm sound like fresh
Swedish air good you really like this
[ __ ] we should I went to a barn in
Nebraska [ __ ] get me out of here I'm
ready to go home okay geez we even
allowed to be here well [ __ ] is
everybody yet Oh have you seen the
midsummer movie Leah what the [ __ ] [ __ ]
I should title my scream urban exploring
the title that's never been exploring I
should title the server next longer
there's no one [ __ ] here what is this
[ __ ] I'm not gonna say that Jody saw
some guy Chad said the best thing about
Sweden is you don't worry about getting
shot there but I don't want to jinx you
guys in New Zealand a door Oh peacock
oh when he raises his leg like that it
means he's ready to fight met him
look he's proud when they present their
neck like that they want you to scratch
their neck
I think the they do a dance for females
to show their pretty feathers and then
the prettiest one gets bang growling
chicks let's do it no no these are super
friendly they don't attack yeah if he
gets upset he'll turn red so as long as
he's still blue that means he's docile
if he gets mad yeah it's just a burden
he's cool chill look he's saying Pet me
that's how you raise his head up there
pet my neck leg go from go from ghost um
he needs pet so badly sing Pepe Pepe ah
yeah calm the [ __ ] down
oh my [ __ ] god it's just a bird what
is this do you guys not clean your water
here in Sweden I thought the water was
be crystal clear yeah why is there a
whole room for just this one thing
ACAB okay company's okay I can get
behind that one okay nothing we're
talking politics
what do they make they sound like angry
like chihuahuas oh wait there look
they're arguing about which way to go oh
these guys are not happy with this
decision do you think that guy's the
leader no wait they lost their friends I
hope they think that's my such [ __ ]
daka's why do you guys make such strange
noises you want to give a comment oh
wait they're leaving one behind oh no he
can't fit under he's too fat go oh he
got it what kind of animals are these
Canadian geese these things can fly fly
right like really like long distance
isn't [ __ ] don't think these things like
fly like across continents how far do
like do they I do these guys are these
like some of those birds like emigrate
like way the [ __ ] far away or no thanks
they literally fly to Canada from there
where the [ __ ] do they go
Oh where's a black are there bugs like
in the sky like if you go more than like
30 feet up are there like bugs up there
assuming aren't trees or do they all
like tend to stay like nourish the
ground like if you are a fly and you
were getting from one place to the next
do they tend to fly like close closest
to the ground or will they go like 50 to
100 feet in the air and fly as well
Oh spiders fly really high that's true
but spiders don't really fly right they
just extend the web and let the wind
carry them so that makes sense that they
could go really far um I don't know she
left what if we have to rescue her oh my
god are we so sick she fell off a cliff
yeah you can use your Swedish military
training oh oh yeah video de l'Est Oh
vana ah there's the rub what it's like a
witch can you hear it
good that's cuz I just need ice and
starve odd what's that mean
wait and store but what are you doing
hey Chet
have you seen the midsummer movie would
you ask before I didn't know that was on
stream I had to get it on stream Jesus I
think you need to [ __ ] calm down oh
wait you guys shouldn't see the Meese
hold on let's go wow thanks Elio I'll
give you $50 if you go in there
laya 500 crown okay
1000 crown okay I'll give you five
thousand crowns to hug the moose no we
don't know oh my god I'm just gonna go
do it no oh my god she's gonna die
she'll die what does that mean what you
say there the wooden thing yeah
no way no way I touch it it's nerves no
way it's electric no well no at the
worst so I'll just give you a little
it'll give you a little shark it's not
gonna kill you
it's not electric there's no way it's de
la though that means splinter if you
touch it you'll get like a splinter in
your finger would you really run
electricity through wood don't you lose
like a lot of [ __ ] I know I know you
can but like how the [ __ ] is it electric
because it's wood what do you mean wait
try it
I don't think wait whatever it's just a
joke you do it no wait what if it's like
it might be like really no no wait I've
never seen someone die on straight
before it come come back what are you
throwing something at wait why are you
doing this what if that caught on fire
no and the whole zoo burned down I don't
think it's actually electric guys
you don't believe it I believe it do a
stream no I'm scared I used to play
these when I was a kid because when you
touch it it doesn't hurt it just it
makes your finger it like feels weird
yeah but I don't know if it's like super
high for the Moose I don't like scream
in agony there's a wire in the wood oh
they go through the middle yeah maybe I
guess okay mostly I know just go okay I
believe it do it for the clip really
wolves what is it a sealer and honor
wait what's the Aaron's trying to seal
in an honor do you know yes yeah
okay oh there he is is your best friend
okay pat him just walk upright with him
be brave they respect bravery yep look
ah see he's saying pet my back that's
why he's turning his back to you well
you have said summon it call to it
alright guys we're gonna be the peacock
whisperer hey hey come here [ __ ]
you little dumbass piece of [ __ ] Hey
look what oh what a [ __ ] guys
how do you get it to come to you what's
the secret hey here kitty kitty what did
you do to it
[Music]
beerus
let's go did you know that a pony is
just a baby horse really
she knows actually Wow
really yep one pony's when you feed him
enough carrots they grow up in a fully
grown horses big horses make the horse
noise Leia what does it say electric oh
wait this is not a lecture
oh that's electric probably touch it
what happens if you touch it what's
gonna happen to your stream nothing
maybe get some it's not that much it'll
go through your whole body when you
touch it it'll make your muscle like
this this feels really weird or at least
the ones that I saw on farm says I don't
know like maybe they're more intense
here in Sweden maybe they like make you
scream in pain I don't know
Oh Artie ba we found you oh my god
this is my mod right to bear arm so
somebody looks like when he's banning
you guys uh Gary stop sending mediums
underscored Jesus Christ it's ludus [ __ ]
this is an art to me it looks like when
it's [ __ ] time boys yeah yeah boy yeah
boy
wait what you guys see it's like no
animals here what you see a bear if you
go in there they come out I think that I
read that story but they take the bait
that gorillas rip the baby's arms off
eat them
yes like drumsticks no what are you
doing
stop being so obnoxious you're not 12
anymore legs yeah 14 okay back mature I
don't [ __ ] know we're in I'm [ __ ]
you I'd like to 5,000 Facebook friends
I'm in Sweden for two weeks what 10
hours of bear sounds just leave the
phone here overnight if they break
[Music]
really well
yes Inge firstly lahic please may I sing
for us
laya Georgeson no one knows how to spell
that last name hey are you gonna get
like a stage name laya team 10 team 10
do you sing with Logan Paul why isn't he
like the team send leader Jay Paul what
the [ __ ]
chill don't call me names Sven sck where
have we seen a single goddamn bear where
they had it
where the [ __ ] are they where are the
Bears Oh baby bear well good job I hope
you're happy we saw their enemies be
[Music]
lasting you do you love black people I
love do you love black people
but I people can't even answer the
question amazing amazing heaven that's
amazing
don't say bet she might get fired if you
ruin her image be responsible Leia loves
all people all shapes and sizes all
genders all sexualities I was gonna say
all sexualities even though it's not not
yet defined but that sounds kind of
transphobic so we'll leave that joke by
the wayside gender and sexuality are
spooks isn't spooks a racial slur or
what did it used to be a long time ago
for black people
my crazy am i making this up I feel like
I read that in the UM what's the book
with Boo Radley Atticus Finch it's not
where the Red Fern Grows it what's the
name of this [ __ ] book Mockingbird
yeah where the Mockingbird grows
[Music]
I'm gonna make older friends guys wait
wolf pups but wolf pup they all escaped
should we be worried
have we been to Stockholm yet no the
city these people don't have like
everything is like Stockholm so like
Molina I think she there's like the
Stockholm State okay cuz I haven't seen
like any buildings in this place what's
on here what Ariana Grande
she loves ariana grande if she wants to
come here so she plays her songs oh and
I'm glad this work also not shoot her a
DM okay then Ari then what no I said
I'll shoot her a DM get in contact with
her cuz I'm tight with her you know what
look at the one on the clip just sitting
there being stupid you know I don't
speak Swedish what's he saying
dominus [ __ ] finish wait you have almost
people once we don't think they're gonna
have them he's like following us I'll be
coming okay dead end hey are you ready
to fight you might have to nice job
if you got some crazy moves damn you
going in first stop okay stop stop stop
you're making me cringe too much what
what the what are these random houses
here what are these for wait what's it
say Oh in the middle of the 17th century
the government decreed that milestones
should be set up at regular intervals on
all major roads in Sweden country Oh
County governors are responsible for
building roads and erecting milestones
local farmers were obliged to keep the
roads in a state of repair Wow
public ownership of the roads did you
guys know that on the apartments here in
Sweden all of them are like ran like
coops why wouldn't any of you guys tell
me this I'm starting to wonder if you
guys just don't know anything about I
need to [ __ ] [ __ ] you tell me to look
up all the time what the [ __ ]
actually interesting information yeah
it's like apparently like all of the
apartments here it's it's very uncommon
to rent an apartment from like a
landlord in Sweden or at least in
Stockholm apparently what you do is you
buy like a share of the apartment so you
become like an equity owner or whatever
like building you lamento they're all
owned by cooperations or whatever it's
really interesting I didn't know that
timeshare
no no no no it's not a timeshare like
you actually own you actually own like
equity in the company so like if I want
to move into like a hundred flat unit or
whatever right when I buy like when I
buy into it I'm buying into the company
that owns it like the corporation that
owns the building is all of the tenants
like all of the people that live there
are the people that own the building
does it work though I don't know if it
works one thing that's crazy to me there
I don't I mean I can't understand all
the Swedish finance sounds like [ __ ]
oh maybe Rache Pope I don't know it
sounds crazy to me but I was talking to
Molina's dad and he seems like a pretty
smart guy
he was talking about how shut the [ __ ]
up yeah he that he was explaining that
that's basically how it works across
most of Stockholm I mean unless he made
all of it up I mean he seems like a
pretty smart guy though
however like kind of like a condo why
does this [ __ ] lag oh my god this
[ __ ] app is pay something up does my
audio like to or they're just the video
just the video audio is fine okay sexy
Otto's party of a fight um
oh so one thing that's crazy for me it's
for to me and Sweden is apparently it's
normal to take variable rate interest
loans for when you buy into these coops
so people here regularly take out loans
for like one to two million crowns like
a hundred to two hundred thousand USD
and the variable rate that like or
sometimes you can get like a fixed rate
for like three years and then the
interest rate can be adjusted again
that's insane to me holy [ __ ] that's
most of Europe it sucks dick that sounds
so scary to me
holy [ __ ] why variable rate I don't know
why apparently just very very uncommon
in Sweden to get variable interest rate
of significant haven't fixed rate
because the fixed rate premium is much
higher than the expected value do you
really is that really true rage Pope
either I don't know enough to disagree
aren't fixed rate mortgages in the US
generally based on the prime the federal
funds rate like isn't it they generally
tied to one another are you saying that
like if it was a variable rated be lower
I guess like I'm not sure if I I'm not
sure if I care if there's a premium
because that type of stability seems
like something you would want to pay a
premium for right like I don't think
most people can absorb well I could be
wrong maybe and maybe in Sweden
financially they're more adept here but
I feel like most people couldn't absorb
a swing of one or two points on an
interest rate that like could change
their monthly payments by like hundreds
and hundreds of dollars
what oh the globe wait is that like the
Stockholm City
[Applause]
wow thanks for setting olan Mau Allah
Vera's destiny you don't have a variable
interest rate at all on homes in the US
we have the option to but usually the
only people that take them are like our
crazy people they early that's my
understanding of it
you're basically you hope to lock your
evil in no no you don't walk in a
variable interest rate you hope to get a
variable interest rate that's very low
but then if interest rates start rising
you run the risk of being pushed out of
your home because you can't afford it I
don't know it just feels like but now
I'm wondering our variable do you
actually pay a premium for fixed
interest rates should I have gotten a
variable rate on my house well no
because aren't the federal interest
rates rising like should don't shouldn't
we expect them to rise within the next
like five years so wouldn't be bad to
get a variable interest rate yes you
have to pay a huge premium wait okay
rage pop what is like the average wait
look this up what's up I don't know what
I got on my house what is the average
variable int rate on like a 30-year
mortgage in the US like what is like
what's like what's like your like your
prime lending rate or whatever just like
people with high credit scores what's
the variable versus the fixed he said
the premium was one point five to two
percent like at like an absolute
increase so like from 3 to like 3 point
whatever percent or clinic 3 like 4
percent it's about a 150 BP spread that
sense for basis points right so does
that mean your interest rate would go
from like 3 to 4 point 5 the difference
being like a variable and a fixed I
don't know why the right now okay
there's like a million things that can
apparently lag or right now the laggy
thing is actually just the application
my phone's not overheating my name is
fine but the app itself just like
sometimes I don't know why I have no
idea Oh frosty thanks 52 everybody if
you want to get a fixed-rate loan get a
loan on your house and buy a swap
yourself what is a swap how does that
work what if the chat legs to wonder if
it's just the chat I don't know
wow this is really obnoxious an interest
rate swap so do you mean like do you
mean like refinance or what what pay
parking no do you have to
oh [ __ ] you had your bet by shorting
your own position what the [ __ ] does
that mean it's a derivative called a
swap and other swaps are derivatives I
just don't know what it means
it's like what how how do you how do you
swap on your boat listen I love it guys
have been fun
am I getting a ticket did I get a ticket
yeah really
why would you lie about that what do you
say wait is this is you in our car hold
on wait this isn't our car [ __ ]
christ why does everybody here drive
these [ __ ] station wagons no I did
get a ticket ah what'd she say wait can
I go tell him I'm a dumb American and
cry when he read ticket me I don't know
Jesus Christ can I go
can I go cry people didn't know here
there was a she's a very popular
cosplayer she announced a new partner
Instagram where she's selling girl gamer
