hey guys welcome to startups episode 6
I'm joined by my co-host dan and today
we have special guest rain ad also known
well I've actually never heard anybody
refer to you by your own name in my
entire life so I'll just call you right
now - I guess how you doing today oh I'm
good man
I stayed up way too late um there's this
magic tournament they announced they
kind of I don't had a good prize pool
that qualified you for the biggest like
event so I figured you know I'll
register and I'll practice a little bit
end up staying up for like five six
hours playing like [ __ ] fell asleep mad
at myself but is it good is it like an
online magic tournament yeah it's like
online qualifiers but if you win you
qualify for like the offline big prize
pool one I don't know it's my favorite
game ever so I really like competing in
it when I can so I just tried to I don't
know brush some rust off last night but
it's a dangerous spiral to fall into the
hole like when you're sorry you're like
competing in card games it's easy to
like fun of the spiral of degeneracy
where you just want to grind it for like
12 hours a day every day that's kind of
what you have to do to get good again
and uh I don't know I need some
self-restraint I guess I'm curious just
this is kind of like not really related
at all to this but like for the magic
stuff if you play online and then you
got to play offline
how did like the cards work like do you
buy digital cards and then they give you
real ones you do buy real ones and they
have like codes for digital ones or how
do you better get the digital deck and
then play offline that's a great
question so magic kind of has like a
paper scene in a digital scene so this
particular tournament is like digital
specific it's from CG arena so basically
when you go offline it just means being
at like a dreamhack or pax with a bunch
of other nerds and you're all just
playing on laptops in front of each
other gotcha kind of like how hard stuns
played and then open events to what's
like a more popular right now for house
tone is it like the digital cards or is
it the actual physical decks
well there's no physical cards for the
hearthstone it's only digital are we I'm
sorry device accent I'm sorry I'm a not
magic for home yeah there's magic is a
question it's so hard to get data on the
paper world but
it's existed for 20 years that's kind of
where I started with with competitive
gaming and it's huge man they run events
every weekend they get like 1,500 to
2,000 people at all these events it's
big I would definitely say the paper
world is way bigger than digital but
only because you know magics only had a
good digital client for like three
months here whatever I don't know six
months and whatever arena came out okay
cool I guess so
for people that know you I mean I've
kind of I play hearthstone for a solid
three miles so I'm aware of your
existence and I kind of we have like a
lot of mutual friends I think between
all the other players
what um you started streaming right was
or did you start with stream ago did you
start with pro gaming that was your
first like entry into like this kind of
like world of eSports and games and
everything yeah I was I was visiting my
family in Ukraine when I was 15 and my
cousin brought two magic decks with him
and he taught me how to play the game so
as soon as I went back to the states I
started going to tournaments and I
really just fell in love with that game
and there's just paper card games and
then I from there I went to poker and I
tried like yugioh vs. system like I
played everything that I could for money
once you're good at one of those games
it's kind of the same for all of them
and yeah I eventually ended up finding
twitch back in like 2012 and I got
partnered after a couple of weeks
streaming magic so I was the second
biggest magic streamer for like a year
and I burnt out on that because I
couldn't make any money on it back then
they had this thing where they would
give you like a half partnership where
they wouldn't give you a sub button it
was like a new product only like ten
channels on the site had sub buttons and
they'd let you run ads but only like 30
seconds at a time and the CPM was
trashed though yeah yeah yeah and then
eventually after a couple of years
hearthstone came out and I was like oh
it's that like the same game but for
idiots and I'll play this and the
viewership was just skyrocketing it was
like the first time I'd ever gone on
Twitch and seen a game release and then
not die a week later the viewership just
kept going up and up and up so I figured
yeah I'll jump in and so what made you
get started in streaming in the first
place like what was that
desire and how'd you sleep so far up was
there any competition and that yeah this
is a great question you know I think a
lot of people lie about the answer to
that for me it's because I was really
young I had a massive ego because I was
good at these games I knew I was good at
these games and I wanted the validation
of strangers on the Internet so
streaming gave me all that plus like a
pipe dream of maybe sort of making a
living off of it which back then wasn't
actually possible but I thought it could
be I was one of those things where like
I logged into twitch for the first time
I saw like some streams
I saw a panel of live streams on one of
the magic websites that was popular Star
City games and I clicked on the stream
the one that had the most viewers it was
like 200 viewers and it was some guy in
Canada and he would sit there and like
barely talk about the game not say
anything interesting click on some [ __ ]
and I imagine like 200 people in a room
watching this guy it just like blew my
mind it was like wow I get why this
could be so cool I see so much potential
here but like I really think I could do
it better so that's what made me start
so yeah I didn't have like a computer or
internet or anything like my parents
refused to pay for anything at the time
so I ended up going to a gen con'
tournament and I won and I got like
$5,000 of cards I sold them and then I
bought like a laptop and internet with
that and then I started streaming
what's it like going from hearthstone or
I'm sorry from magic to hearthstone was
that did that was that like
soul-crushing comparing with the
complexity of the two games or um you
like you ever read flowers for algernon
yeah yeah okay gotcha do you want to
explain for the less-educated chat not
for me I of course I've read that book
and you understand it but for theirs
it's a classic story about how a guy
undergoes a procedure that makes him the
smartest person in the world and then it
like backfires and throughout the book
he slowly becomes like mentally
handicapped and he like sees his mind
wasting away in front of him that's how
that's how I remembered as well so
you've got into streaming and were you
competing in tournaments for hearthstone
at this point or were you just kind of
playing for fun
um well back then like streaming didn't
have that much money in it right like I
like to put it in a so I answers I did
both right I did tournaments cuz they
like I won money and there was a solid
like six twelve month period where like
before I started tempo strum and all
that I was like actually the best player
in the world because all I cared about
was like playing the game it's like if
you would go on ladder every single
decklist from rank 5 onward was just a
copy of one of my lists on stream and I
would win some money like playing small
tournaments here there because you get
like 500 bucks for a thousand bucks I
also did coaching so that I got charged
like 50 or 75 bucks an hour and like
that made some money but streaming
itself made no money like I was getting
I was averaging like 15 to 20 K viewers
for about 6 to 10 hours per night I do
over 200 hours per month in that entire
year I made like 100k or like 115 or
something it was like very little amount
of then that's all of your like
everything including lessons and
everything or just from restream that's
that's all that's everything actually
yeah so that was like to be fair I was
new to the industry and like I don't
really know there weren't many brand
deals back then and like got I still
remember like one of the I won't say
which sponsor but I got this I got this
one brand there's like a big brand to
work with me early on because like one
of the girls that worked at the company
knew me and she was like the decision
maker and she paid me like 500 bucks a
month which I had to haggle up to
because I told her I want to pay like
half of rent with it mm-hmm and then I
would have to inform 20,000 people out
of to watch an ad for this company for
two minutes at the beginning in the end
of each stream I would have to wear the
product on stream the entire time and do
shoutouts every 30 minutes it was like a
lot of like [ __ ] it wasn't just like oh
put a panel up for $500 a month
and then I hear like three months later
there's a girl streamer who averaged
like 200 viewers at the time 300 viewers
it's a deal
for just passive branding for $6,000 per
month for the same company
and I felt really cheated and also made
me feel like you know I just was doing
something wrong when I came to like on
you know I I knew I was worth more but
like I just assumed the sponsors hadn't
caught up with it I don't know it just
made me like reassess kind of a lot of
those I'm sure you probably know even
more than I like a lot of the early days
of like eSports some of those deals that
teams had set up were absolutely [ __ ]
hilarious I remember one of the teams
that I worked with had like for an
entire team who probably all of us
together
I don't know me anywhere from five to
twenty thousand you know concurrent
viewers between all of us people were
negotiating like these deals where you
had to like wear products we would have
brand placement on your stream what you
had to do like calls to action and
everything and these deals were like for
the entire team was paying like two to
3k a month
like not like per player but just that
lump sum to the entire team it was like
horrible yeah you know for sure yeah
let's come a long way since then but
yeah oh and then I was actually really
excited about the idea of joining a team
back then I I remember talking to CLG
and I was telling them like look I think
I'm worth at least as much as double if
like I want a matching salary right like
I'm not an LCS but there's a [ __ ]
City worth of people watching me every
night that's got to be worth something
right and yeah I I don't know they
didn't want to match that offer I
actually ended up signing with Route
gaming I think you're from oh yeah
that's nice I was on for a little bit
yeah yeah so I signed with like with
them but like two weeks later I
basically said I'm just gonna start my
own thing and they were nice enough to
let me out of it so mm-hmm
but that was like a non-salaried deal I
was just gonna be in the gaming house
yeah so what exactly back then was the
function of an eSports team if not just
kind of collaborating on the outsourcing
of ad deals meaning that you could be a
player and not necessarily deal with
that was there other function of that
besides obviously the competitive uh
yeah so the I mean the old eSports team
model as far as I understand it was made
by Alex Garfield who's the founder of
Evil Geniuses and what it basically is
is like a bad agency so you aggregate a
bunch of talent a bunch of gamers
because none of them have a brand that
was big enough at the time
to secure a relevant sponsor so you
aggregate a bunch of these guys and then
you kind of like bundle their audience
and you sell it as a package and then
the team makes a cut on that and teams
also addressed kind of the other issue
from the players side which was you know
there's so little money in gaming six
years ago that like outside of YouTube
that you can't make a living doing it
full-time so the team would give a
salary provide like a team house so you
know these guys could like get out of
their parents house and like focus on
this full-time rather than having to
juggle like a job and something else
simultaneously so that was kind of the
the value proposition you know that the
team got to function kind of like an
agency and try to you know sell deals
with a bunch of players together and
then the players got to do it full-time
and even get travel covered and things
like that so how was this progress so if
in 2014 it was basically not that much
money in eSports as you're saying how
does that progressed over the years and
have you seen any big jumps and now is
it if you're like if you're a number one
ranked player in any big game or you
basically guaranteed to be making
millions a year or where we at today and
yeah well yeah the so the industry's
come a long way the biggest thing is
just you know most of the money's coming
from advertisers like most of the actual
revenue I'm not I'll get into the
investment stuff later but the actual
money that's going into the industry is
pretty much all advertising so
advertisers just kind of move slow
especially with new industries and new
platforms like twitch it took them a
while to wrap their head around live
streaming and you know you always hear
the horror stories about people dropping
and bombs and stuff on stream and like
they it was kind of a sketchy Wild West
area so you know a lot of brands like
Coke and MasterCard and you know
Snickers or whatever they weren't really
didn't really understand the space yet
it was kind of a new novel thing nobody
really knew how to price it out so as to
which grew it got acquired by Amazon
they built out their own internal sales
team and they started getting a lot of
this like I don't know you want to call
it like top of the funnel like basically
if a fortune 500 company wanted to
advertise to streamers they would just
go to twitches a to twitches sales team
so twitches sales team started building
out these ad products like bounty boards
and selling their that they started
selling all their ad inventory and what
basically happened is okay now all these
big advertisers are comfortable with
twitch they're comfortable with having a
streamer promote their [ __ ] and there's
pricing on everything that they
understand like they know the going rate
for like a 3k concurrent viewers
streamer in a certain game more or less
it's not a hard science but um so it it
just became more structured which made
more brands comfortable to write big
checks for the space and now as a
streamer you're doing a lot better and a
lot of that isn't through advertising a
lot of that is just through the Amazon
acquisition you know twitch prime being
the really big thing but yeah like
overall it's just it's way better like
if I if I was getting the viewership
that I got in 2015 today just and I just
streamed full time I would be making
like I could do over 10 million this
year I know I could for sure I could I
think I'd do 15 if I did YouTube right
but 10 to 15 K concurrent viewers yeah
well I mean back then it was higher
actually that's I mean I had some
streams where I hit over 70 K I'd
streams where I hit over 40k multiple
times some of them are hitting over 30
like it was 20 it was like the low
average sort of kinds of time zone too
but yeah back then he's got to keep in
mind the total size of the site as well
so like because 70 K viewers in 2015 is
like the percentage of viewers on the
website it's probably similar to like
250 K today or something it was like a
lot because hearthstone is really
popular for like a year but yeah for it
for that that amount of your ship it
would be like yeah it would be a
shitload there's a lot of money to it
what's the reasoning that it's gone down
significantly is that just that people
figured out the actual value of a viewer
or do you think it's still inflated to
this day what do you mean is gone what's
gone now saying that you could make if
you had the viewership back then now
were you saying the other way around
I think what he says that like 20k
viewers back then would be the same as
having like seven
Cave yours today and he thought you were
quitting the value of those two things
so he's wondering like our viewers oh
yeah yeah yeah it's not right for me to
equate them me right 20k viewers back
then 20 K beers today is roughly worth
the same yeah I would say that like
you'd make a lot more at that same
viewership today though you'd make way
more like it's it's funny do you think
that it's inflated today as well like
the prices so when you're mean it seems
like the amount of money that streamers
are getting do you really feel the
conversions are there for the brands or
is it purely billboard advertising it's
a very complicated question this is kind
of like it's kind of the bread and
butter of what my company does right
we've sold so many [ __ ] deals and we
have a lot of little guys and we work
with a lot of big guys too
the truth is like the bigger the
streamer the worse they convert because
most of their traffic is like snowball
traffic they're not engaged fans they
don't really give a [ __ ] they're just
there because it's the number one stream
in a directory so you're gonna get the
lowest conversion on the highest
streamers so then you know the obvious
that basically the smaller they are if
you can get like a like a girl streamer
with like 50k viewers she'll crush her
campaigns
she'll convert like 80 percent of the
viewer base or something into downloads
so it makes you think like okay well why
don't you just use a bunch of little
streamers at scale usually get the
highest ROI but then like the reality is
there's this there's an element of
advertising that isn't quantifiable like
you want if you're doing a big campaign
and all you have are like tiny streamers
doing your stuff you don't have a lot of
cachet or like prestige that you're
getting so usually the formula that's
used is you get like a lot of middle and
little influencers and it's agencies
that do these deals these agencies will
get like medium and little book and
medium people mostly and then they'll
get a few big streamers that are really
big and they'll convert like [ __ ] but
they'll make the campaign they'll make
the game look like oh it's a real game I
should take this seriously you know
there's like an apex legends approach
right if you get enough big ones and you
have enough money to do an upfront spend
that's like 10 15 20 million dollars all
of a sudden you can make your game look
very prestigious
prestigious you know it's like oh this
is a sin you triple a battle royale all
these big streamers are playing it it's
not just like little guys getting paid
to do it so yeah that kind of makes
sense it's usually an overall campaign
with a set budget that combines big
streamers and little streamers what do
you think kind of like um
philosophically you're going back you
mentioned that like twitch is starting
to do like more ad sales and stuff
especially for like campaigns I like the
bounty board stuff how do you feel about
that philosophically yeah it's the
natural progression like with the
platform there's a lot of third party
come like here's here's kind of the
trend that happened so all these
advertisers wanted to come in and all of
these like agencies popped up and I'm
gonna use agencies with quotes um you
need a license to operate as an agency
in LA none of them have it but there's
like contractual loopholes to get around
this debris you think like a large ones
like UTA and stuff are operating about
licenses in the space no no those are
those are actual agents yeah yeah
there's like three of them as a UTA CAA
and WM um like outside of that it's like
then you're talking about I'm talking
about like the the four-man marketing
influencer marketing companies that are
like kids out of their college dorm room
like there are [ __ ] billions of these
yeah and what they do is they insert
themselves between the money from the
the person doing the ad spend and the
influencers and the the thing about this
it is in the same category of business
in my mind is like escape rooms where
there's no barrier of entry to start a
company like this all you need are some
people and like a [ __ ] email account
and with a common yeah yeah exactly and
like because there's such a low barrier
of entry there's so many of these
companies that do this and if they can
get one deal from you know like a Korean
game mobile game publisher than hey all
of a sudden that's like a couple hundred
thousand dollars in in revenue and they
kind of you know try to get by doing
getting as many those deals as they can
so anyway it started with those and then
eventually you know people realized hey
the little guys convert better but if
you know in order to get like a campaign
for $100,000 in order to spend $100,000
on streamers I get like 50 viewers
you're gonna need like hundreds of
dreamers right though you there's like a
bandwidth issue where you need a certain
amount of people to micromanage all
these people to make sure they're
actually doing their deliverables or
tweets it's really hard to execute with
too many little people so the natural
progression was doing it at scale with
an automated platform so this is like
where twitches bounding boards came in
it's like a way for little streamers to
do campaigns and and get paid for them
but at the same time twitch doesn't need
to hire like five hundred people just to
whip them into shape so there's a bunch
of third-party companies that have
platforms like this now and that that's
kind of where those brand deals are
that's kind of like where the the trend
is there's a lot of those platforms now
see what actually gets adopted but yeah
ethically I don't have any issue with it
it's a I mean if a program like that
existed back in 2012 when I was on
twitch working [ __ ] 14 hours a day
made $400 a month I would have actually
been able to like pay rent and do it for
a living I wouldn't have burned out it
would have been would have been great as
a creator back then I would have loved
these kinds of platforms oh yeah I guess
the kind of the philosophical question
I'm pointing at is like um for me
personally I'm very big on like
diversifying your revenue streams like I
like the idea that if something fails
like I'm not going to be completely
[ __ ] might get banned from twitch I
still have YouTube if I came in from
YouTube 8 whatever if I lose my team I
still have affiliate marketing etc the
idea I kind of wonder the idea of like
all of the like if it ever progressed to
the point I don't really get to this
point if it ever progressed to the point
where like the large or the vast
majority of these sorts of activations
were being sold exclusively on Twitch it
just seems like it seems like one
another foothold stronger foothold that
twitch has on the space which they
already have like an immensely powerful
one and then too it kind of seems like
one of those things where if you're not
working with twitch you're basically
[ __ ] or you're basically like completely
[ __ ] in the industry yeah I I hear you
on the concern you know I think there
will always be middlemen between brand
deals and talent and pretty much any
entertainment industry and it's very
accessible to kind of become that
middleman so I don't think it's possible
for twitch to completely eclipsed the
deals of W me and you ta and CAA bring
in because the truth is a lot of the
bigger checks and a lot of the bigger
deals
come down to personal relationships that
are built over decades and you just
can't get a monopoly on that so I don't
I don't think it'll be a concern like
long-term but I I hear you're coming
from you notes which has a lot of
influence right now over live streaming
industry and there's definitely some
risk of you know non-competitive
practices that yeah I gotcha I guess I
can't feel the same way about the prime
sub - it seems like um like if you're
not on it which is a platform you're
it's like there's like so many ways
you're there's like so many ways you
like really can't compete with twitch
right now like prime subs are a huge one
you know that were screams like that's
just like money that's like basically
being some it's like Amazon subsidizing
like twitch in a way that no other
company ever could say for like flat
fees from like huge investment or
something oh yeah well because I don't
know I was asking the same thing like to
you how long do you think that the the
twitch prime free money from Amazon is
gonna keep rolling is that just an
indefinite thing or it'll be it'll be
indefinite and here's why people don't
understand like why they do it because
they don't under so many of the numbers
that matter are like hidden mm-hm
Amazon gets and I think this is public
in Finke this is in they're like [ __ ]
sales reporter or whatever that whatever
the thing they give to this the
shareholders is Amazon gets the last I
heard a number on the lifetime value of
one Amazon Prime person like if you sign
up for Amazon Prime
how much through your lifetime does
Amazon make off of you the last time I
heard this number it was over $1200 like
per user right so twitch was acquired
for a billion dollars if they can
convert 1 million new people to sign up
for Amazon Prime just by being aware of
it through twitch Prime even if the
conversion rate is like point o one
percent or something is like website
users they will pay for the buyout
itself right so like I don't know if
this sort of makes sense like the point
of twitch Prime as much as it is to stop
streamers from going to YouTube and
stuff the point is to convert more
Amazon Prime subscriptions and if they
is a very small amount that they
actually have to convert because Amazon
Prime subscriptions are with so much
[ __ ] money well that's the
that comes down to it is at this point
how many people are you know not
familiar with it or not going to get it
this right so maybe there's a reason to
consider the stopping of twitch Prime
especially as you don't see any
competing product the products from
YouTube or Microsoft at this point that
even come close to matching just on a
feature parity basis not even talking
about compensation right no that's a
great question that very well might be
true but it's like one of those things
that that that argument depends
completely on numbers that none of us
have yeah it's like not a not something
we can really engage in yeah so just
like throwing it like real quickly so
you said if the everything worth is like
$1,200 for a lifetime Amazon Prime
subscription you and so you would need
like for every 240 subs assuming they
paid out the full five dollars which
they don't it's less than that you would
need like one of those people to be a
new Amazon Prime subscriber and as long
as like for every 240 Prime subs and
again it would be even more than that
for every 240 Prime subs if one of those
people bought Amazon Prime just because
of twitch then I guess it does kind of
pay for itself but then if this is
ultimately some it again on numbers like
we don't know these exact metrics are we
cited yeah and I mean that's like less
than half a percent yeah very it's very
easy to do on almost anything yeah
interesting so what do you think about
the state of other platforms in right
now as it comes to eSports like is
anyone else taking it seriously does
twitch have anything to work um so all
these other platforms got massive
budgets for this kind of stuff right
like Facebook had I'm gonna stop using
numbers because I don't I hear numbers
everywhere like I don't know which ones
are public Facebook had a big budget I
won't say exactly almost a billion
dollars just for like it said to grow
like Facebook live and Facebook gaming
right and there's like YouTube had a
massive budget as well I don't know
exactly how much but like you can you
can imagine somewhere around I don't
know billion plus probably the point is
they all had these massive budgets in
order to acquire talent and try to get
some of this market share away from
twitch and start growing their platform
and they're not doing a bad job honestly
you know it might sound
like a meme to twitch viewers when we
talk about like Facebook live or like
mixer or YouTube or whatever but I'm
like by the metrics they're kind of
doing fine and they those platforms have
a lot of strengths it's which doesn't
the truth is though viewership on live
streaming platforms is driven by whales
it's not driven by like little guys at
scale as much as people think it is so
what I mean by that is you know getting
one ninja is incredibly valuable when it
comes to a platform not just by like the
the brand cachet that you get but from
[Music]
like the actual numbers they drive are
crazy
like the percentage of viewership for
the website the big streamers drive is
absurd so creating a platform the kind
of caters to the whales more than other
platforms is really important right and
this is white which is really careful
these kinds of relationships it's why
they try to get a lot of custom brand
deals yeah those guys and yeah this is
really interesting I was going to I was
gonna start bringing up numbers to
disagree with you there about like the
mix of stuff and I just checked and I I
didn't realize this but mixer actually
has like there are streamers like there
are several four figure streamers know
on some of these categories somebody
streaming to over 5,000 viewers in the
FIFA section of 4500 we were steamer to
the for tonight section I actually
wasn't aware that they had yeah that
some of the streamers are actually
growing on this site that's really
interesting yeah I mean it's not
anywhere crazy yet but it's like you
know it's a lot better than I thought it
was a year a year ago where it was like
a three figure streamer was like really
hard to see like some of these sites
like the whole site had like four or
five hundred concurrence across the
entire site so that's actually really
impressive it mixers doing that a lot of
the features that mixer was offering to
seems like really interesting as well
like some of the some of the discovery
related things sounded really cool when
I was on I talked with some people at
mixer because I was thinking about
hopping over for a little bit for a deal
but yeah I don't know this is yeah yeah
it's really cool I mean the interesting
thing as well is that both I guess
Microsoft as well but YouTube and
Facebook D even if they can't match the
Prime subscription functionality may I
suppose they could but just the sheer
amount of eyeballs that they can put on
your stream should they want to promote
their you know really go aggressive of
promoting this stuff in app I mean
twitch can't match that right so if you
want to go out there and do this time
that's a big advantage to them yeah
there's one one one thing I want to
mention when we talk about viewer
numbers and things like that I don't
trust any of them anywhere anymore I
don't trust them on YouTube I don't
trust them anywhere without integration
stuff or it's mostly because of embeds
yeah yeah yeah counting his views but it
the problem everyone like is run things
they're like aware of it because they
read like the Kotaku article recently
but like yeah this has been an issue for
like over a year about a year ago a
really big content creator on Twitch
like top ten came to me and he told me
the story about how she noticed this
disparity with the viewership that some
streamers would have relative to their
game what I mean by that is like for
most games you can like rank the
streamers by size and timezone and stuff
and if if the game is going through like
peaks and valleys and viewership those
streamers go through the same peaks and
valleys right the game is twice the
viewers every streamer has twice the
viewers so these streamers were just
like flatline no matter what the game
did and he would look at their YouTube
channels he or she would look at their
YouTube channels and would notice some
anomalies like they'd get a video that
has like 50,000 views like a brand
promotion and then had like 12 comments
and like 50 likes you know like the
numbers don't don't look natural yeah I
think slasher like some egregious
examples of that where they were like
videos of like three or four hundred
thousand views for some brand deals and
it was like three or four it was like 14
comments it was like yeah I was insane
so so here's where here's where it gets
interesting when he told me about this
he told me this is about a year ago this
was a what event was this like Blizzcon
or something and he told me as of two
weeks ago when we were having that
conversation as of two weeks ago YouTube
had this feature where you could click
on a video and you can see where the
views are coming from and it would show
you literally the websites that the
users are coming from you would click on
these videos and it would be a video for
like a video game and 99.5% of the
viewers would come from like I don't
know my bachelorette party calm or
something weird are you and
it was like these third-party websites
basically botting the view you know you
just you just don't bought the views
directly on YouTube he's bought them on
an external website and do that and you
know some companies like based on what
that kataka article said some companies
like curse basically turn this into an
ad product or a brand could pay them to
artificially inflate views on any
channel they want which is brilliant but
even even if it's like something I would
perceive as coming as a content creator
I feel didn't this wasn't there a
scandal about this like [ __ ] [ __ ]
five years ago with Reggie doing this on
TSM site didn't this happen a long time
ago when this started do you remember
what I'm talking about I did I was and
or maybe you were in Rome okay
I feel like this happened literally like
five or six years ago I feel I want to
see it was TSM that got caught doing
these like one pixel embeds on on their
site and maybe even on walking another
side whatever but um yeah but oh yeah
some of the truth is here's the here's
the kicker to the story mm-hmm he's
telling me about this how you could
click on videos and you could basically
just see who's bahding and who isn't
yeah it was a feature available on
YouTube and he messaged his contact to
YouTube about it two weeks later when
we're having a conversation they just
removed the feature a YouTube just
doesn't let you see the the sites that
people are clicking from anymore so like
they are aware of the problem and you
know either because they don't want to
fix it or because they can't they just
hid the evidence rather than solving it
and nobody talks about this [ __ ] and
it's like if YouTube is doing that like
one of the biggest like Google's one of
the biggest companies the world most
successful YouTube is like literally the
most important website on the internet
it's I don't know if they're doing it I
guarantee you smaller platforms are
using similar tactics so I don't trust
the numbers [ __ ] anywhere anymore
personally shouldn't you be able to okay
well so two questions so firstly I
imagine like if you - there's probably a
worry that there's like an advertising
bubble right the idea like well hey
actually you know ninja is like a 5k and
iwere 5kv restreamer like he doesn't
actually have anywhere near you know
blow and then all of a sudden
advertisers get real you know how can
they pull out or whatever but like
shouldn't a lot of this be shouldn't be
able to show these numbers up against
like your conversion so for instance
let's say let's say somebody like Ninja
has 50k viewers and then he goes
to sell shirts and you know he you know
he sells like you know like 30 or
$40,000 where are 30 or 40,000 pieces of
merchandise or whatever you know over
like a stream or some crazy [ __ ] you
know like I mean at some point shouldn't
you be able to tell based on like your
actual like sales and your actual
conversion metrics whether or not these
viewers are real so that's a really good
question the truth is that the the
biggest streamers are the biggest talent
in any entertainment industry they don't
do conversion based deals almost ever
what you're paying for is an advertiser
is the brand name and the cachet and all
these hard to quantify things so like
for example a Red Bull sponsors
templates from or great brand to work
with I think I do eSports right but
they're not counting how many cans we
sell right we're not giving them a
referral link for cans they're they're
sponsoring us because like they like the
content that we make like they believe
in the brand they want to be associated
or something cool in a young industry
and they want to do it right but you
can't like track conversions right it's
a it's like a branding type of
advertisement so basically the bigger
the streamer gets the less and less ROI
dependent those deals are gonna be ROI
is something that's usually tracked for
smaller to middle sized streamers
because they kind of have to prove
themselves you know like the onus is on
them to show that they're worth paying
for it yeah do you feel like there's a
certain threshold point as far as real
concurrent viewers on Twitch where it
goes from you know you're making two or
three grand a month to now you can
potentially making you know ten or
twenty thousand dollars a month is there
some drop-off point and in that how much
of that also involves like joining an
eSports team versus not that's a
question over time so is there a point
at concurrent viewership where you know
once you get over twenty five hundred
can cured concurrent viewers that your
revenue significantly gets you know more
escalated or anything I think it's
pretty linear I would say the only thing
that happens and it's it's really it's
not something you can track like
directly basically once you get to a
certain size brand deals are gonna come
to you but there are some there are some
streamers that really
understand the the sponsor game well
these guys will average like 200 viewers
but they'll be getting you know five
six-figure brand deals just because they
really understand that game and how to
sell themselves and like the right
points of contact that actually decide
who the deals go to so there's an
element of like salesmanship and
understanding the industry that you need
in order to be getting larger brand
deals it's not like it's not a
meritocracy right it's not like once you
hit a certain threshold of viewership
all the deals come to you and the gates
are opened it's like there's an amount
of hustling you have to do and if you're
big enough you don't really even have to
do the hustling because the deal cut the
deals come to you but it's kind of it's
not like a hard number that I would say
it kind of depends on how known you are
all this depends like what advertisers
are looking for you know like sometimes
uh sometimes like a mobile game company
from Asia like $0.10 will want to do a
big spend for like Club G mobile or
something because we're launching in
North America they're gonna be really
interested in harshtone streamers
suddenly because they identify them as
mobile streamer like category
influencers whereas they won't really
give a [ __ ] about for tonight people
that are more like famous you know it
really depends on like the what the
sponsor is looking to promote and kind
of what audience you're targeting how
much of this correlates into being an
eSports team versus not so if you take
like there's a guy we know like mr.
Newton it was just like a 500 viewers
streamer how does his revenue change how
yeah how does his revenue change if he
manages to get into like you know an
eSports team like phase or something is
out yeah are more broadly if you're like
a 200 to 500 viewers streamer like
should you be looking to join a team to
bolster like your revenue or should you
be trying to do these deals on your own
or just get like an individual manager
or something yeah all of these deals are
really different team by team it's it's
hard for me to like use a blanket
statement say like oh it is worth it or
it isn't worth it there are some teams
that consistently have horseshit deals
there are some teams that do very good
deals most teams do make sure both its
it's one of those things that it's very
hard to know your own value as a
streamer it's very hard to quantify your
value even as the team like we know what
we're gonna make off of most of our
folks but it's not always easy to
quantify
you know exposure is a hard thing to
value YouTube has a shitload of value
for the brands that we're promoting but
it's not something that's easy to report
on you know I can't I can't count how
many knockoff Rayne add YouTube channels
show my sponsor real I can't count how
many people saw those videos and report
that to the sponsor and get paid for it
it's like the reality is that the the
it's just really hard to know what
streamers are worth for a lot of
different reasons and for this reason
deals look kind of different team to
team so personally I think that the
value proposition between a player and a
team is very player favored the smaller
that the player is on average not always
but on average so if you have like a 500
if you have like 500 viewers you're
probably like right at that cusp of
doing it full-time being able to pay
rent being able to like comfortably pay
taxes things like that a team will
really help give you stable income it'll
help prepare you for brand deals because
it is a skill you have to learn how to
promote brands well and if you're
mediocre or just new to it brands aren't
gonna feel as comfortable working with
you like if you're if you're like a 500
bearish streamer for tempo storm and
like people see like you know Nvidia on
like a sponsor reel what if when a
future brand they might want to work
with you sees that they're like okay he
has experience working with brands it's
like it's a good look but yeah basically
it I would say for small streamers yeah
usually it's it's worth it if you can do
it I'd say for big streamers it's all it
can also be very worth it but it really
depends on the details of the deal it
really has to be a deal that fits with
the goals of the team and the streamer
and there's plenty of those that exist
and there's there's plenty of deals that
end up being fairly one-sided
you know I've we've never like a tempo
storm we've never really been fans of
the one sided deals everyone's gonna say
that if they're a team owner but the
reason we don't like them is because if
you have a very one-sided deal the
players just not gonna resign with you
you just like lose them after a year so
we prefer deals where we can like build
a relationship and have somebody with a
team for like several years because
that's really how you build a brand and
like a loyal following
how important is the skill of the player
when people are getting signed for this
is it all about streamer numbers or can
you just be kind of okay at her stone
and get signed by someone if you have
one of you it's the great thing about
streamer numbers is they're really easy
to quantify like I know what we get paid
for stream numbers so I can put a direct
price tag on what every streamer is
worth for that part of it what do you
mean okay so so like I know what I can
basically pull up somebody's stats from
the twitch API and see like whatever
your ship malam is what their growth
trend is how many viewers are getting
over the past 90 days and I can I can
basically line those numbers up against
the contracts that we have because some
of them do scale depending on twitch
viewership and I can say okay this
streamer is gonna bring in an average of
like $2,200 a month assuming he stays
consistent and there's an element of
risk but yeah so to answer your question
basically there's there's like two
things a player can be it's basically
like marketable or good at the game
right and it's kind of like a spectrum
usually so some players are like more
marketable but slightly less good some
players are very very good but they
don't even stream at all the truth is
that depending on the game you kind of
want a different thing right like
fortnight's a great example I don't even
think it's really an eSport Fortnight
doesn't it just it didn't matter if you
were good at the game to be honest the
only thing that mattered was like
sucking youtuber dick in the first few
months of the game to get into like
fortnight Fridays and being like big
enough to be invited to the only
tournaments that are happening and it's
like 90% [ __ ] and like 10 players
and know what they're doing in the game
right so somebody like T food was really
good at the game can just like farm
those because he's one of 10 players
that know what they're doing in those
and it's not a bit that's like the
opposite of a meritocracy right it's not
like a qualifier season or anything and
you know now fortnight's like gone to
being more merit-based but that's like
too late to matter right you're not
gonna like grow a big Fortnight brand
and become the biggest twitch streamer
because you won the most recent
fortnight qualifier or LAN or whatever
No
gives a [ __ ] anymore are there even a
lot are there a lot of like for tonight
prevents right now there's a lot yeah
there's qualifiers all the time and it's
like world's qualifiers happening now
and um there have been there have been
lots of yeah they put I think the
numbers like thirty million dollars
behind their eSports program it's the
biggest number ever like site there's a
hundred million actually I guess thirty
million for world so it's like stupid
amount of money behind it and but the
truth is like in order to make it in a
game on Twitch you need to build your
brand early that first 1% of its
lifespan you need to skyrocket you need
to just like get to the top and you just
need to surf the wave for the rest of
the game's existence it doesn't [ __ ]
matter if you win a tournament as a
nobody two years after the games been
out so long story short
to answer your question do we look at
how good a player is or how marketable
they are the answer is it depends
ideally a player's both but that's very
rare the players that are very
marketable and at the top of their game
are very valuable but it's very few
players understand both things are
different skills the for some games like
a game like pub G will care a lot more
counter-strike will care a lot more
about skill rather than marketability
for a game like fortnight will care a
lot more about marketability than skill
but you can also like get a skill based
roster as well and there's different
NEET there's different ways to make
money basically it really depends it's a
new also one of the things I guess we
should get into is so you made the jump
from being an eSports game to created to
creating your own few sports team and
tell us about that in the kind of the
process and how that business works from
the ownership side because I think
there's very little information out
there as to how all that works and
especially in the formation of it yes so
I when I when I got partnered streaming
magic you know I was at the top of my
category I was getting like 500 viewers
per stream average and there's something
I was really proud of but I was making
no money and I kept trying to do it
full-time
I dream for 812 hours a day 30 days in a
row
progressively hating the game more and
more because it's unhealthy to do with
that much and I burnt out and I realized
that like you know I I experienced
all the positive things about twitch but
then I also saw the negatives when you
do it that much that you start snapping
at chat it's um
nobody ever talks about the
psychological wear and tear that happens
from streaming over the course of
several years is it's really hard to
like hit that cadence where you get
consistent content and you keep your
numbers high but you're also not like
suicidal melting your brain yeah and
spiraling into depression so it's like a
drawback of two-way broadcasting but
point is I saw all the negatives so when
I had another chance with hearthstone
two years later the first thing I wanted
was to build an exit like the the
biggest problem I saw was streaming is
that you can't stop it's like even if
you're making money it's like a golden
handcuffs scenario if all of a sudden
you want to retire or you want to do
something else with your life your
revenue drops to zero overnight and on
top of that the only skill you've built
over this time is like a really nice
[ __ ] streamer skill that nobody in
the real world is gonna ever hire you
for and keep in mind the context back in
2014 is like there's no [ __ ] money in
eSports unless you're a legal legends
player so this is not like contracts
like for other games outside of even the
top league teams people would be like
ecstatic if they would get like a $600 a
month salary that would be like holy
[ __ ] like I'm making money on video
games it's like yeah exactly exactly it
was very rare outside a league and so
with all that context in mind like is
what is my perspective on it basically
like okay like I dropped out of high
school I got my degree later but I um I
saw this as an opportunity where okay I
mapped out how much money I'm gonna make
I'm like okay maybe I'll make like 80k
90k this year it's really good that's
more than like minimum wage I was making
before I can spend that and go to
college and get a degree but I don't
really believe in like the American
education system I don't think degrees
help you get jobs anymore I don't want
to go into debt so I instead said okay
look I'm just gonna start a company and
it'll probably fail but I'll learn more
than it would have through college and
I'll build some skills and hey if it
works out then I'm building an exit so I
can like get out and like do not
streaming at some point if I want to cuz
I knew for a fact like when I was 40 50
there's no way in hell I wanted a stream
full-time no way in hell
this is a terrible job if you're doing
it well it looks like the best job in
the world but it's it's yeah anyway so
that's why I started the company right
it's just because I wanted an exit so
basically like three weeks after my
stream blew up like I went from okay
December 22nd 2013 I had 100 viewers
December 23rd 2013
I had 10,000 viewers and I quit my job
that night
I like texted my boss and like I'm never
coming in again um well be working as a
job Jimmy John's delivery I don't [ __ ]
that ok that's an easy actually one best
jobs ever had I liked it a lot better
I can't imagine [ __ ] doing that job
are the people there that work there not
to say that you're not the most upbeat
like peppy guy ever but I don't like the
Jimmy John's people like usually pretty
gleeful upbeat people were you like an
odd one out there oh that's pretty
that's pretty happy who knows what I was
doing it honestly I was very I'm very
differently compared downstream ok cuz
you're like you're out there in the
world and getting exercise and I was in
a really interesting City I was like
downtown st. Paul delivering to the
capital and stuff it was kind of cool ok
anyway yeah so I quit the job and then
so keep my like minimum wage no money in
the bank right quit the job twelve hours
after the stream blows up and and just
one stream right I don't know if those
viewers are gonna keep being there like
or most people wouldn't right I knew I
could hold it um and three weeks later
or now not three weeks maybe like two
months later I start tempo storm like
there's like no turnaround time right
it's not like I had a bunch of money
saved up and it was like this long
thought of a thing
it was like okay I need to start
building an exit now as fast as I can I
just need to start I can't wait for the
stars to align and yeah the truth is
like there's not a lot that goes into
starting a team that's why there's like
thousands of them that have no [ __ ]
intrinsic value all you need is like
your [ __ ] friend that understands
Photoshop a little bit to make a logo
you make a Twitter account you get some
buddies together from your [ __ ]
discord group and your Skype
yeah just like hey we're playing under
under team whatever the [ __ ] now and
yeah and that
you know we get some jerseys from a
third-party company like it's a lot of
business though it's like it's like a
little league team right with a social
media account so yeah there's there's no
barrier of entry to creating an eSports
team um you know unless you're talking
about like overwatch League or legal
legends you don't even need to buy a
franchise spot all you need are some
teenagers to agree to represent your
brand and that's it and I was like you
don't need anything else and a lot of
teenagers like the dream of working in
eSports full-time and being a full-time
player is really [ __ ] powerful the
dream is really powerful so if you're
talking like a 15 year old kid who's
really good at his game like he doesn't
stand to lose anything by joining a team
right like it's probably there's
probably not a contract half the time if
there is a contract they're not getting
paid and the team's not taking anything
so if it's like there's no a lot of the
players will basically just say yes so
you can you become successful when
everyone else kind of ends up as Little
League what was your the difference that
you're doing um well we were actually
like [ __ ] good okay so hard stones
are really random sack of [ __ ] like it's
you cannot predict results in that game
almost at all like basically results
depend on who has the best prep work and
puts the most time into it and on
average throughout the year they'll get
more points but you can't really dictate
who wins a tournament but what made us
stand out is that like early on we only
had hearthstone right I just signed like
three other hearthstone people we won
[ __ ] everything this was like unheard
of like you couldn't nobody will ever do
it again there was the first hearthstone
LAN ever Dreamhack Bucharest 2014 right
I get this kid who messages me on a
twitch DM which used to be a thing like
the twitch inbox thing I mean he
messages me he's like rain ad I'm a fan
of your stream I heard you're making a
team can you please look at my vods I
think I'm really good and look at his
vods and he's like rank 3 legend in
Europe or something and he's playing
hunter which I knew was the best class
and he knew was the best class but
everyone else thought it was unplayable
cuz the only thought you could play face
hunter and I watched him play for like
five minutes and I was like okay
genius from signing him yet eight
viewers average he's like a World of
Warcraft player this was Gaara we go to
Dreamhack Bucharest first hearthstone
LAN ever only a hundred twenty eight
people in it and it's best of three
single elimination which is quite
literally flipping coins like you would
in order to win that tournament you
would need like are you like an I don't
know what the actual math is you need
like a 95 percent game win rate or
something absurd like you can't lose
it's so easy to lose a best-of-three and
hearthstone it's the most random thing
ever like an rng based games for chat so
like on games like this what like a 55
60 % win rate would be considered like
pretty good right like really good yeah
and to win a best-of-three over and over
again I don't know the math is either
but like I imagine after like four or
five the odds are probably pretty
heavily stacked against you to even win
that so even if you're a really good
player it would be hard to get to the
end of that exactly exactly
so anyway kid nobody had heard of I
didn't hear about him till week before I
said good feeling about him we fly into
into Dreamhack share a hotel room we go
there and it's a bunch of like it's a
bunch of these people from like fight
night and all these like early
hearthstone tournaments it's a bunch of
[ __ ] washed-up Starcraft players like
you destiny I was like all of heart
stones early Prost I remember all of
them yeah yeah yeah and all of them were
[ __ ] bad except for strife grow all
of them and anyway Gaara goes to the
tournament [ __ ] wins the thing like I
don't know her I had not I had a pretty
good showing too III made the best play
in that tournament that's ever been made
in any hearts tournament to this day in
my humble opinion so it was like it was
a great look right Reyna got a highlight
Gaara [ __ ] wins the thing temple
storm wins the first LAN and then I
picked up hyped and tides a time and we
just started winning like [ __ ]
everything for months and months and
months and and that was like a really
good start so to answer your question
like how did temple storm become a name
the mattered like that was a big part of
it right we had the big streamer with me
we had the tournament results eventually
I just became friends with some other
big streamers I'm like hey reckful do
you want a stream on like the twitch
team was like no contract just like as
friends because he was on like
what was the Wow skill cap gaming or
something was his network at the time so
he was like yeah sure whatever and yeah
all of a sudden we had like some guys
that were like known you know it wasn't
it wasn't like good players of the game
that had a hundred Twitter followers it
was like known gamers and we were
winning things so that's how it started
and then eventually we added a second
game with your as a storm had the best
team in that and then we just kept
expanding so I was basically like the
dream start like I guess like a lot of
business people say the site there was a
good preparation and there's like a lot
of luck involved as well right that you
had like a really good player that
you're the player you signed it it up
like getting through to the end that he
was good and he got like pretty lucky to
win that many best two threes in a row
right yep
number that was just like a fun story
but basically like yeah the point is we
had consistent results in a game where
it's not possible to so we were like
very far ahead of everyone else early on
which is really so how much of your time
was dedicated towards the actual like ad
sales management things like that
because I mean simply signing people
doesn't do [ __ ] unless you have dollar
spend yeah behind you right so so what's
involved there you're absolutely right
yeah that's well that's like the actual
value of a team is how good are their
processes how good are their staff can
actually leverage the talent that they
sign because the modern trend in eSports
is to not start a real business it's to
just hire a bunch of salespeople they're
good at raising money use that money to
sign a bunch of people that you're not
profiting off of it all use that to
raise more money sign more people that
you don't know to do with use that to
raise more money and just get a higher
higher valuation over time I'd love to
go into that rant but it's a most firms
like the opposite of this where what we
care about our internal processes our
staff actually leveraging the talent
that we have like we're not in any big
games at all our revenue is higher than
three different teams that are valued at
over 100 million dollars our revenue is
higher than them which is absurd what I
mean these teams have like LCS slots
they have overwatch League teams and
even with those assets they can't do
what we do with like tiny games so this
is the truth is it's really hard
to build that out because you can't do
it quickly it takes several years you
have to find the right staff members for
all of it you have to set up a process
for everything like the different sales
cycles and the team managers you have to
make sure you have people making sure
the sponsor deliverables are getting
done it's like a lot of [ __ ] that you
have to do my day today is all of that
like running all of it so I I don't do
the sales myself I don't do a lot of
influence or outreach myself what I do
do are like the high level it's like
track and KPI is it's like phone calls
all the time it's like calls with
investors lately it's sometimes I'm
involved in like a sponsor talk or like
acquiring a really well-known player but
for the most part everything set up in
tempo storm we're like if I step away
from a long period of time everything
runs very smoothly which is has been
nice to see so you want your employees
work from back when you started to now
so you used to have how many employees
back and you first started this I mean I
guess zero just all contractors so where
are you at now so now we have like 10
employees full-time maybe eight I don't
say eight to ten and then there's still
an army of contractors most teams are
very contractor heavy but you only have
ten employees right now yeah I mean only
it's huge I mean that's amazing for but
to be fit company being in a hundred
million you know value of valuation
we're not valued at 100 million those
other teams are an example yeah yeah I'm
just using that to show the discrepancy
between like valuation and actual value
of a company it's very big so in terms
of like your in terms of like your
ability to like get such good revenue
does this just come down to your ability
to utilize or leverage I guess the the
aggregate of talent you have right now
you think you do that way better than
other teams or I guess I'm just what
exactly art of it but the truth is other
teams aren't trying to do that this is
this is maybe like the biggest takeaway
that I'm gonna go into a bit of a ramp
but this is really important as well you
guys have to understand about the
eSports team space right now
esports has a lot of [ __ ] hype around
it the same way that VR had hype around
it yeah and there's a bunch of outside
investment money that poured into the
space back in 2016 and when money moves
around due to hype what you see are
these like parasitic useless sales [ __ ]
coming in from outside industries that
don't understand anything what they do
is they insert themselves in between the
team and the investor dollars so several
and I mean like a dozen of the top
eSports teams in the world at this point
have like close to zero intrinsic value
a dozens hi half a dozen meaning that
they don't make revenue they're not a
real business
they don't do [ __ ] their brand is
worthless their fan engagement is
non-existent they don't even have real
dedicated fans but here's their business
model right you get some of these sales
folks together you make a logo for a
team and you leverage their network to
raise a little bit of money maybe you
raise like a million or two million
dollars it's not a small amount of money
it's actually a big amount money but you
use your two million dollars to sign a
bunch of players now you're like 2
million in the red you've made no
dollars now that you have these players
it's like you've paid for fabricated
growth so you you you go to your
investors and you're like hey look at
all these great players we've signed
look at how many tournaments we're
winning don't worry about the revenue
that'll catch up later we're projecting
it to be a trillion dollars next year
the investors say ok we'll give you 5
million dollars more and now your
valuation what we're valuing your
company at it's gonna go up to ten
million dollars this company's worth 10
million dollars now so now they have
five more million dollars they go light
it on fire on some stupid [ __ ] again
they go back to their investors they're
like look at all the stupid [ __ ] we
bought we're growing so quickly the
investors say okay there's 20 million
dollars I really believe in eSports I'm
an 80 year old white man and my grandson
plays for at night so this is the future
here's ten twenty million dollars go buy
go buy a LCS slot because sports and
stuff we won't worry about the numbers
now your company is worth a hundred
million dollars air-quote right the
revenue is like under a million at this
point the [ __ ] worthless company and
they'll reiterate they'll just iterate
on this process as much as they can and
what
they end up doing is okay now your your
the amount of cash you have to spend per
month just to keep the players you
already have is like a shitload of money
so you're running like deep in the red
your cash flows as negative as it can
possibly be and you're in this endless
cycle or you need to keep raising money
just to exist and the truth is for some
of those shareholders along the way if
they got in early and they managed to
find an idiot to buy their stake when
they're valued at a hundred million plus
they've just made a shitload of money
like a shitload of money based off of
like selling nothing rights like it's
kind of right like the early investors
get paid basically was kinda like
passing the buck down there only if they
can only if they can find a buyer but
yeah essentially it's a legalized
version of a Ponzi scheme it's
absolutely insane it's like there's so
you you need to really be in the
trenches to understand like what eSports
teams have substance and are actually
gonna be around in five years and can
actually have that like unicorn growth
and then what companies are just like
fabricated horseshit um good a lot of
horseshit right now just looking at this
so like just because people III don't
keep up with these forces as much as
honestly I don't watch any sports but
just kind of look at this so have you
heard of clutch gaming again I'm not
gonna make you call anybody out of
particular their LCS team yeah I guess
so this is like an actual LCS team and
just googling around it looks like that
this team is valued at thirty million
dollars norsu and I'm just looking at
like the Twitter eyes 34 thousand
followers their YouTube channel has
three point eight thousand subscribers
like holy [ __ ] yeah that seems insane to
me let me let me give kind of the the
counter-argument though I'm kind of
there's more to sports investment than
revenue to be fair all traditional
sports seems almost all of them lose
money a lot of money mm-hmm alright
Yankees lose money everybody loses money
the reason that it's okay sometimes to
invest into a company that's losing
money especially a sports company is
because you have to look at it like a
real estate right okay if I'm gonna buy
an LCS spot for thirteen million dollars
the value of that slot okay maybe it's
not gonna make me money but the value of
that slot is gonna appreciate over time
just like an NBA franchise or an NFL
franchise does so their argument is that
this 13 million dollar slot even though
I'm losing money on it year over year
it's gonna be valued 20 then 30 then 40
then 50 million
so it appreciates in value over time so
it's kinda like a real estate play and
of course like my counter-argument to
this is that name an eSport that's been
relevant for more than 10 years that has
a franchise you know is the overwatch
stopped mattering when fortnight came
out for the most part in my opinion
right and like for and I will stop
mattering five ten years from now and
like the gaming is just cyclical like I
don't think the real estate argument
makes sense but they do and that you
know that's that's where those that's
like a big part of why they made those
decisions so you're saying that there's
actually a franchise chance all right
Connor I love Counter Strike it's the
best eSport but counter-strike does not
have a franchise it's decentralized
that's why I like the eSports so much
sorry so you're saying that there's
multiple eSports teams that are worth
hundred million dollars or more and in
your opinion you think that their
revenue that they're taking in is like a
million dollars or less at this point
that's me pulling a number out of my ass
but it's less than ours like ours is not
like how much do those LCS Slavs cost
thirteen million for the non endemics
and ten million for the endemics I think
yeah even like here's another one where
these teams have like thousands of
subscribers on YouTube and they
supposedly have LCS slots yeah that
revenue the revenue versus investment
mismatch must be like [ __ ] tremendous
or at least I would imagine so unless
they like making money in other ways
which is which one I do it seems like
they're not yeah do you think um I guess
so kind of like leading I mean where
this conversation goes do you do you
think we ever run into a point this is
always to worry back in 2013 like in the
engine and the Starcraft days and people
have been saying this forever in eSports
you're like oh we're gonna bubble it's
gonna burst it's gonna pop but it seems
like there's I mean there's always
another willing investor I mean now
we've moved up to like the the top-tier
investors it seems right we're getting
people that own sports teams or sports
teams or people like Madison Square
Garden like the big boys are here like
throwing money at it do you think
they're over comes a point where they
all just step away they're like like
this is dumb what do you think this is
just like you know a small ledger and
the advertising budget of a
multi-billion dollar company that
doesn't care to keep throwing money at
it or what
that's a great question I think there
will be a correction but I think eSports
is whenever whenever people talk about
eSports in the business of eSports they
think about it as like this one thing
the eSports is it's that the human mind
works like eSports is compartmentalized
into one part of the brain is one thing
it's not one thing it's very very what's
the word not decentralized but it's very
fragmented so I think I think the
eSports teams that are full of [ __ ]
I think there will be a correction like
the truth is they're just going to run
out of money
I think they can't succeed just by
virtue of like how little substantive
business is behind their [ __ ] they're
doing so those teams will pop but that
doesn't mean the industry as a whole is
going to go into a recession or anything
it just means that like some bad actors
are gonna kind of get caught go bankrupt
and then it'll be harder for other teams
to raise money but it's not gonna like
kill the industry or anything right it's
going to like there's there's so many
different types of eSports businesses
doctors production companies like face
it in ESL I like faces doing well there
are eSports teams that don't even use as
much of a traditional model as other as
other teams do like I really like 100
Thebes is doing for example like I think
the merchandise I don't know the numbers
behind it so I can't say for sure but
like I like the idea of the merchandise
play personally I think the future for
teams is going more of the product angle
rather than being entirely a service
company the point is yeah if a bubble
pops it's not doesn't mean the whole
industry pops it means that like a part
of it will be harder to raise money for
in the future if there's a correction
but other other companies gain a lot
from that right like tempo storm stands
the most to gain from a bubble popping
because we're running like a real
business and if all of a sudden the
salary markets correct then like our
revenue stays the same but our costs go
down dramatically so we'd be in a great
spot how have you felt about expanding
right so you have a few different
players and sorry not why not expand
more at this point is there something
specific you're looking for is it like
something with a streamer or are you at
a spot where you kind of don't want to
grow I'm
we're always expanding we picked up like
10 players in the last few months we're
always like scouting we have an
acquisitions department that's always
like looking at spreadsheets and stream
metrics and stuff we're always looking
to pick people up but the truth is you
know the biggest mistake I made in
business due to my inexperience was
expanding too quickly it's like the
dumbest thing you can do is like oh I
want to grow my company I want to make
more money that must mean I have to do
more stuff right
rather than perfecting the process and
the staff early on I just decided to
expand so we did eSports team plus we
did website plus we you know built out a
production studio we just started doing
all this [ __ ] before we perfected any
one of them and I think it's like the
biggest mistake you can make in business
is expanding before you perfect the
process so you know for us like I think
we do it better than almost any team in
the industry I think like us cloud9 TSM
like liquid do it really well but we can
still do it better right and I'd almost
like rather keep polishing up the
process that we have now in the games
that were in and the things that we're
doing rather than just like spend a
bunch of money signing more players
overnight well it will always be
opportunistic about it like we'll always
pick up a player if we can profit on
them within like a reasonable timeframe
but you know we're not like I guess what
I'm saying is we're not in a rush to
expand even though there's all this
outside pressure to do that you know
eSports is growing fast there's all
these companies that just keep signing
players and it looks like they're
growing so fast even though they're like
a house of cards and that puts like this
this pressure on us from like a
perception standpoint like oh we need to
keep growing or else we're falling
behind but the reality is you know it's
better to look inwards and perfect the
things that we're doing because yeah if
we try expanding too quickly it's just
it's just the irresponsible business in
my opinion sure there's a balance for
that too right like you don't want to
just like absolutely stay like you know
with three players for ten years and
yeah and one of the things that you did
as well is you're creating a game
correct yeah yeah yeah so like so like
about two years ago I came in the
conclusion that like the eSports team
business model just doesn't scale
meaning that there's like a hard cap to
how much money you can really make you
can only have one drink sponsor you can
only have one airline sponsor or one car
sponsor if you have 30 sponsors all of a
sudden you can't sign more because all
of them are getting less promotion
individually so that the sponsorship
model just isn't very scalable so what I
saw an eSports team is being really good
at is just being a marketing engine and
in my opinion the the direction we
wanted to go is being a being you know a
bit of a product company ourselves you
know like maybe you know maybe we create
our own line of gaming shares and just
buy a lot of inventory from the same
Chinese factory that every other chair
company gets them from or maybe we you
know basically just I thought about
different products we can do and I
looked back at all these campaigns we
did where we had our players promote
[ __ ] and the games that we promoted
converted like 10 times better than
anything else like eSports teams are so
good well these I shouldn't say eSports
teams streaming networks are so good at
converting downloads for games like so
[ __ ] good so I just did the math on
it like the numbers basically really
made sense a card game is the only genre
I really understand that's where our
core fanbase was when we launched our
website is you know mainly card game
fans it's the cheapest genre of game to
make and I basically just mapped out the
prices put some budgets together I spent
a month in Europe bouncing between
different development studios trying to
find the best ones and figuring out
where the best developers in the world
are in this day and age turns out Poland
and Ukraine spoilers for game devs best
bang for the buck like by a massive
margin anyway which is real quick I'm
really curious so every country is going
to have developers that are like in a
vacuum a one out of ten or a ten out of
ten every every country is great and bad
devs the question is what does a 10 out
of 10 cost you in every country right in
San Francisco a 10 out of 10 is gonna
cost you over half a million dollars a
year plus equity Ukraine a 10 out of 10
is gonna cost you like 110 K per month
less sometimes
you have less rain at amen okay yeah but
also like I don't know I I'm Ukrainian
it gives me an excuse to like visit home
and like I mean there's no language
issues at all I mean if you get a really
good company - they'll have mandatory
English classes for every employee every
day and we found a really good fit but
do you speak like um what would it be is
it like Russian or didn't have a
different language er yeah I'm fluent in
Russian and I'm everyone in Ukraine
speaks every country that used to be in
the Soviet Union all speaks Russian but
they also have their own country
language okay I understand Ukrainian
even though I can't speak it and I'm
fluent in Russian gotcha ya know Africa
I was oh yes I want to make the game is
because I looked at the numbers and like
it was I don't mind being transparent
numbers like the game was gonna cost us
like 1.5 million to make which is like
[ __ ] nothing like a double-a game or
like for the quality we're going for
like it would be similar quality to
harshtone who wouldn't quite be there
but it would be like sort of comparable
so from a cost standpoint it's like
super reasonable and then I just did the
math I'm like how much each platform
converts like okay YouTube videos
convert it like 12% twitch streamers
medium sized converter like 10 percent
on average of caen
I just did all this math basically our
website can drive this many downloads
over over a year with diminishing
returns you just you just do the math on
this [ __ ] and it's very rough like
napkin math but basically the worst case
projection meant that the game would
like make twice as much as it would cost
it to develop it so it just made a lot
of sense as a product and then I'm not
even talking about the upside where like
it gets a little bit of reality like a
[ __ ] even a smaller version of slave
aspire would make this game like
absurdly profitable and on top of that
it makes every streamer we sign more
valuable like we're now increasing the
value that we're getting out of every
stream where we pick up right so let's
say if a streamer is costing us like
$1,000 a month in salary if they can
make us $1,000 a month that's like a
flashpoint because then we can sign
infinite streamers without ever losing
money we can indefinitely grow the
tempest Rembrandt long as we're breaking
even on influencers so now that we have
a prod
for them to promote that's really high
margin a product that we own you know
now we're making just a lot more off of
streamers rather than just the model
where we're this middle man between
brand deals and them you know so that
that's really from the business
standpoint why I wanted to make the game
and on top of that just like that I mean
this was like from the bottom of my
heart
[ __ ] harsh done there's so many things
I've wanted to fix for like five years
like simple simple obvious things and
they just I've made videos and ranted
about them and they just don't add them
out of spite
they intentionally patch things the
opposite of the way that I recommend and
I [ __ ] buy that company and fire
everybody one day and that's kind of the
plan right now do you okay okay it's
really curious that your immediate
desire so you know it's not like you had
a passion for creating a card game you
realize that this would be profitable
and it fit into your space lien so yeah
it but it's interesting you went this
direction because I mean essentially the
affiliate model I guess is what you
could say you were doing before you
didn't take the risk you're getting a
good kickback by doing that so do you
what about if the game is bad right I
mean I'm not saying the game is bad
obviously but how does that not seem
like a bomb so when I say the worst case
projection that's that's what I mean
we've promoted bad games before we've
done there have been some rough mmo's
like fresh baked out of china that that
you know i've done campaigns for so I
looked at the we basically have like
different tiers of projections like
assuming the game is bad minimal
conversion rates the game makes twice as
much as it costs to make it so that is
the so yeah basically yeah we took the
worst-case scenario into account wait
this sounds like twitch is like our game
developers stupid then because it sounds
like the the best possible place to
advertise on twitches of yep a game any
game like why are other games to do is
not like dropping they are essentially
absolutely are the biggest marketing
spend right now for game studios yeah
like no bounty board look at me random
[ __ ] yeah it's like stress
how I hear mr. Mouton complaining
everyday that there's no bounties he's
going once you know in three weeks and
all he gets it's like some Mountain Dew
product I'm pretty sure I know the
competent eSports team that gets him
those deals or an agency or some yeah
also I aren't there streamers that are
literally running bounties like [ __ ]
like every day like isn't like mischief
and like pokey or poke I'm sorry aren't
these guys like literally running
bounties like they on a daily basis but
maybe mr. moon just isn't gonna for
whatever reason but yeah do you uh
insofar as like your your game goes then
how is what is like the progress on that
it's been going great the cranium team
is ahead of schedule and everything
I keep releasing constant update videos
I released one a couple days ago that's
a little rambley about like game design
decisions but I'm gonna have one that
shows like the networking bill that
we're testing right now that kind of
shows people how we balance different
things and test mechanics so I'm gonna
have another video going up in a day or
two with that it's been going well that
the thing about the game is like okay
everything else in the company up until
now we've bootstrapped
meaning that like you know we just
funded it out of the money that we made
out of pocket this is this is the first
time that the project cost more money
than we had like I couldn't I cannot
fund the game out of pocket yeah um so
it's the first time that I've been
forced to you know talk to investors and
learn about that side of business and
it's something I've always been a little
bit jaded about just because you know I
see all this like fraud in my industry
from other people doing that but the
truth is it's an important skill for
anybody that owns a business and anybody
who's trying to scale so you know lately
that's what my a lot of my work has been
as investor calls and talking to
potential investors and yes a little bit
so at e3 I have like I I'm going to e3
I have like twenty meetings lined up not
exaggerating that number and it's I'm
just gonna be in hotel lobbies the
entire time just pitching and you know
hopefully we get one to just fund the
whole thing I have I have one I have one
larger investor that I'm looking to sign
in the next week
that would get us a big part of the way
there but yeah it's it's easily my least
favorite part of the business is like
sales you know I'm just not naturally
good at it and but I love talking about
the game and like why it's a good fit
for the market and yeah so that that's
that's been the part of it that's been
like a challenge but I think I'm getting
better at it and I'm hoping to wrap that
up after III have you've gotten to the
point where you feel comfortable like
guesstimating unlike a beta release date
or anything or is that still like
totally like not on them like before I
make any decision I just ask myself like
what do I have to gain from the outcome
you know if I were to say a release date
is that I definitely stand to lose a lot
right if I'm wrong yeah um I stand to
gain absolutely nothing so why would I
say a number or a date that's kind of my
fault gotcha okay and then you I imagine
that when it's ready do you look at I
imagine this has to be true like well
look instead of actually do you I'll say
what lessons do you take from like a
companies that make games like artifact
like when you see games like that fail
like what kind of stuff do you look for
how do you go back to the drawing board
with that and kind of like incorporate
that into your current design yeah so
this is it's gonna sound really like
like much of my rants on this podcast so
far this is gonna sound really
masturbatory and egotistical yeah but I
have a good reason for that and it's I'm
really awesome so for the artifact I
basically okay I don't know I don't know
how much you guys are following like
artifact subreddit or development maybe
like five people in chat here work um
like about five months before the game
came out I got into the beta and I was
playing it I put like 80 a hundred hours
in and I basically I was on stream a few
months later with Sevilla hearthstone
streamer and we were at my place and he
asked me about artifact I told him like
hey this is the this is the best made
terrible game I've ever played or ever
got exactly I phrased it but it was like
the highest quality bad game I've ever
played and I went into a rant about all
the things I don't like about it and I
posted videos about like all the things
that are gonna be problems and every
other hearthstone pros like this is my
favorite game ever is gonna be so
successful and I got so much [ __ ]
lash back the entire subreddit made hate
threads about me apparently
[ __ ] talking artifact because I'm making
my own game and I wanted it to look bad
in comparison like that was their
argument right meanwhile I'm like
praising magic arena and playing
hearthstone anyway game comes out it
bombs half the hearthstone pros suddenly
start talking about how much they hated
artifact before it came out and why I
didn't valve listen to their feedback
those [ __ ] liars just like did a 180
two months later yeah
[ __ ] dude but anyway there's a
very good question you asked like how do
i [ __ ] the night like the truth is the
artifacts thing gave me confidence
because I made all these assumptions
before it came out like valve is never
like released a failure of a game to my
knowledge and here I was in these
investor talks back then even telling
investors don't worry about artifact
I think it'll fail here's why and nobody
believed me right is valve they can't
[ __ ] up and the game comes out and it
bombs and it like made me feel very like
validated like at least I'm on the right
track like I understand what the card
game market does and doesn't like umm so
yeah the truth is like there's no new
lessons that we learned from artifact
that we didn't really already assume
before what it really did was kind of
like confirm the assumptions that we had
when it comes to like the way games
monetize in the card game space and I'm
kind of the mechanics that the players
want I'm so I don't I don't know if I
kind of answers a question but so so
you're raising more money for your game
is that for a future development because
it sounded like you had already kind of
budgeted the entire development cost so
what are we raising more money for well
yeah you can get a budget for like the
12-month development timeline but that
doesn't like you don't need the money
there to get the budget or you get the
budget then you raise the money so you
know what it costs the monies to build
the game we've been funding it out of
pocket along the way but like basically
here's how it works at the peak
we're gonna need 21 people working on
the game if we want to release it within
like a 12 month time period from
beginning development that doesn't mean
you need to start with 21 people we
started with like four to six people and
that's something that we could afford
out-of-pocket like the monthly spend we
could afford so the idea is you know
once you finish raising then you ramp
the team up over the course of 30 days
get it up to the 21 people peak
push it out and then you cut the team
down to like 10 or 12 you go into
maintenance and expansion mode after
that so you don't need as many artists
after launch so yeah we've been running
like the small team for several months
and we're raising money so we can ramp
it up and get the big team and finish it
are you planning on doing any marketing
outside of twitching YouTube like
traditional advertising or anything
along those lines or do you think that
what you're doing is satisfactory enough
and you don't so the way game marketing
works is you basically get diminishing
returns after you launch so if you
launch a game like the first time you're
on Google ads is gonna be more effective
than the second time and same thing with
like any kind of Instagram ads or
wherever you want to market your game so
basically you get really high ROI or ROI
is a bad way to put it your cost of user
acquisition is at its lowest
right after you launch through
traditional marketing so it would be
dumb not to do some amount of it just
because it'll be profitable for us like
you know if we're getting like an
average of $3.00 per player but it only
costs us $2 to acquire that player we
should always be doing that indefinitely
so we'll keep doing that kind of
marketing until we hit that break point
where like it costs us three dollars and
ten cents to get a player but we're only
making three dollars from them so yeah
well we'll do some traditional marketing
but only as long as its ROI positive
interesting and do you do you feel like
this startup process of the game and
which I guess I could say it's kind of
basically typical software development
do you think that was much different
from the process of starting a team as
far as the I guess you could say the
startup experience for you or is it
mostly the same thing you know going
from here and going there no I mean
Pross has been really different right
the team is like a really weird
complicated business that there's not a
lot of parallels to and traditional
business the game is just a prints a
product right that's I've loved working
on the game because it's so just clean
there's no nuance there's no politics
I'm not like trying to keep a team
together despite the efforts of one
toxic 17 year old like it's so clean I
make a budget
I work with adults I'll have loved it
and not to mention like I'm just a more
experienced now that I was four years
ago so I'm avoiding a lot of early
mistakes and I might have made the first
time around so the game process is felt
very smooth so far I'm kind of curious
um this is like backing up this is
backing up a lot actually for the team
thing when you kind of started your team
so it seems like it's really hard
sometimes for people to go from the but
like I stream and I play video games too
I have the I don't want to say like the
intelligence but you have like the
wherewithal to delegate responsibilities
to other people to understand what's the
important part of like running a team do
basically be like a successful business
owner like it seems really hard for
people to step back from their very
narrow like I can do this one thing good
too I can run an organization what did
you have like did you go to like you
said you didn't go to school or anything
for business like how did you develop
those skills
I guess is like my broad question yeah I
just got lucky
I got there's like an AA it was like a
politically correct way to answer that
and there's like the honest way to
answer that then hit us up with the
honest way it's not yeah I'm the only
one that loses because it makes me sound
like a dick go for it like basically I
was born smart and I don't think it's
something anybody should brag about
because it's not something you have any
control over
I don't know you're not okay you're just
born with the processor you have and
then you just optimize within that right
so like if I was if I was like 15%
dumber and I made the same decisions I
would be homeless right but I got to get
away with doing things I shouldn't
because I could like think of like a
clever solution or just like get out of
it getting carried a little bit by like
it's like smartness and logic at times
so the truth is like I I didn't have
much knowledge or experience in anything
when I started the company but because
of just getting a Biscay high rolled on
smartness which made it really eat it
makes it easy for me to learn I'm very
good at learning things very quickly
whether it's like video games or
whatever the [ __ ] and it's the same
process for everything like I'm sure you
understand this point to destiny like
the way that you get good at Starcraft's
the same way you get good at League of
Legends it's actually the same way to
get good at Bizness and everything like
it's iterating on failed processes you
do one thing you
so if you changed something you go back
you through it again right exactly you
iterate you focus on the variables you
can control you ignore the [ __ ] you
don't blame it on teammates always ask
yourself we could have done better don't
be results-oriented like oh all these
mental habits you build over time okay
real quick before you finish that did
you pick up any of those from poker
because you mentioned playing that card
game because I just heard you see
results yes yeah I picked it up in magic
Magic's actually the hardest card game
poker is like one of the easier ones but
yeah it's all the same it's as two it's
two main things that get you from from
great from like good to great in card
games
it's just risk assessment and resource
management those two things so card
games made me very good at those two
things and they both translate to
business well yeah but the more the more
valuable skill is just learning how to
learn like once you got once I got
really good at one card game I kind of
tried to reverse-engineer how I got
there and I applied it to a different
card game and then a different card game
than other video games and it's easy
with games cuz they're fun you just kind
of like learn about how you learn and
then I just applied the same stuff to
business and it worked pretty well
because I just you know I made sure I
didn't repeat my mistakes twice
I made sure that like I just like has
learned fast basically if that makes
sense I feel like the the little bit
that I learned about poker like gearing
your mind towards things
so when you say like risk assessment
like understanding you know like how
much you should invest and what your ROI
should be understanding that that what
you said is like very is very contra
counterintuitive that being
results-oriented is oftentimes like
really stupid that you shouldn't
necessarily be results-oriented at you
have to look at like inverse you know
they're like getting my mind geared
towards that for poker like equipment
with a lot of different like mental
abilities that like really helped me
understand like later stuff in life like
and it helped me avoid a lot of pitfalls
that a lot of our people are right like
if you fail something one time well then
obviously that's because it was horrible
you should never repeat it like those
really common pitfalls that people want
to it's really sad to watch people get
so hung up on yeah
yeah absolutely right I mean the truth
is like you know we're all monkeys and
there's a lot of just logical fallacies
that are kind of built in but once you
become aware of them and you like fix
your brain and you start looking at the
world in the right way it really is a
night and day difference the other the
results-oriented thing was I remember
that was one of the bigger
beeps that there's one of the times
where I learned something that was just
like the biggest lightbulb went off the
first time I kind of explored that
moving forward is there other stuff that
you're thinking about doing like so
you've done game day if you have the
eSports team I guess tempo storm calm as
a website must be a relatively
profitable property just on its own as
well
correct I mean even outside of the fact
that it's related with you it's a large
website so but yeah what else do you
have to wind up um yeah so in one of the
lessons I learned more recently right is
trying to do less stuff I've had this
issue where like I get bored Drake how
do I put this I've always had this
problem or I get bored very quickly by
whatever it is I'm doing and the reason
for that is I only have fun when I'm
learning and there's diminishing returns
on what you learn the longer that you do
something so like that the time that it
takes you to learn the first 95% of
information in a given field it's like
the same as the amount of time it takes
you to learn the last 5% so I get really
bored towards the last 5% once I kind of
see the path to 100 so the because of
that I kept starting new projects when I
run around the company right first we do
the eSports team then we do the website
then we do the game then we opened up a
studio in Hollywood we do production
then I do the IRL project which I don't
know if you've seen that stuff I was
really proud of that one and like I love
figuring out how to do those things but
one of the lessons I've learned recently
is like just [ __ ] stop you know like
let's perfect the existing ones and then
expand after their autonomous completely
and perfected so really it's what I'm
trying to do now is not really focus on
what's next I'm trying to optimize like
what do we have in the here and now do
you want an example do you see yourself
like doing like this type of work like
the business building the running the
team like five or 10 years from now or
is your goal at some point to step back
and either jerk off in the wilderness
somewhere or just play video games or
stream as an ego boost or what like what
what is what it's like a deal for you
like five or ten years from now yeah
that's a good question I don't know I've
always like I've always seen like
different times in my life is kind of
like different people
you know like I'll look back at like the
22 year old me that decided to start the
team I'll think about him is like a
different person and that directly
impacts my life right and I'll be like
oh he did that thing smart you know
thank you
22 year old Andre when I think about
what I'm gonna do in the future like 10
years from now like I kind of recognize
that as being a different person that's
gonna have different priorities
different interests so I try not to
really think about that if it makes
sense like it I'll be such a different
person ten years from now that I think
it's like a waste of mental energy to
even assume I'll know what I want to do
then my high level goals are just like
right now I want to get financial
security and like complete independence
I want a track record of success like I
care a lot about my reputation a lot so
you know a lot of startups will excel
their company and it'll just it'll be
like a [ __ ] company or the new
management will run it into the ground
and nobody hears about the company again
what I want is like you know even if
it's the same amount of money as that
kind of sale what I want is to create a
stable company that I can point back at
after 10 20 years and say hey I built
that it's still a successful company
it's a known name it's grown since I've
left it because that's gonna like
reflect well my reputation so yeah I you
know I don't have I do want to take a
break at some point I'd love to just
take like six months and just like you
know [ __ ] off around the world with with
like a girlfriend or a wife or a a few
of them who knows but someone you can
talk to about that after yeah that's why
I came on the bike
wait I don't get it really no sorry okay
you're gone you're a single no right I
think mention her broke up I'm just
kidding anyway okay well hey cool
yeah do you have any like final stuff
yeah I guess you want a hit or anything
you feel like needs more attention
detail or any projects you're working on
that you want to call attention to or
anything
no just yeah if you guys want if you
guys an interested in the game and
reading more about it I have lunch
updates on my YouTube channel money tell
me where to invest in those so there's
zero chance
[ __ ] sin
the docks dude it can't go tits up it
absolutely cannot go tits up send me the
package let's do this um yeah play the
bizarre calm is where you guys can
pre-order to get into the beta if you're
interested and see more info about it
but uh oh actually I have one one quick
kind of question we were talking about
earlier when games like artifact go
under
do you feel like that like poisons
conversations that you have with
investors before they even happen like
is that sometimes no you go to e3 and
alike well what about artifact and then
you have to like almost defend that game
or separate yourself from it as much as
possible with something that you're
absolutely right it's such a weird
dynamic because like the people that
were talking to me about artifact before
it launched to them it like validates
that I know what I'm doing and I
understand the space but then to these
like less informed investors they'll be
like oh well the genre is a non-starter
for me because artifact failed
if valve valve couldn't do it you won't
be able to do it which I understand
their perspective too so like at GDC
which happened recently I have a lot of
investor talks and that the meetings
went great and the the reason that those
guys said no I only had a few meetings
there it wasn't like a lot of them like
cavity 3 but the reason those guys said
no is just because there's honor they
said we believed in the company we
believed in their distribution we
believe he knows what he's doing with
the game we cannot get somebody to sign
off on a check for a card game like it
needs to be like a battle royale or an
FPS or it needs to be an MMO or whatever
like there's like Jean Rezai specialized
in so yeah artifact [ __ ] me in a way
but you know hopefully we'll find you
know an investor that's willing to take
the leap of faith or just cobble
together smaller ones we'll kind of see
what works ok cool
any final questions dan are we good just
not you I'm saying alright well hey I
appreciate have anyone we don't really
talk much but I'll you're like one of my
favorite people like in this space
because so many people like are like
constantly like pretended like [ __ ]
rainbows and stuff and I'm I don't think
anybody else like hates like so many
other people in this space is vocally as
I do besides you so I appreciate that I
like that I like the straight shooting
so thanks for coming out we really
appreciate having you
make sure how many guys it was fun yeah
yeah cool we'll catch you guys in the
next episode bye them and I just look at
and go really really loading spyware
onto it
