please don't say this was the one about
abortion I don't want to talk about it
[ __ ] please don't be about abortion
hello [ __ ] it's about abortion all right
hit me with it dude let's go
have you heard me argue about this
before oh [ __ ] you don't even know yeah
I can't even like show anything on
screen so you don't have to use the
camera it's okay it might even cost more
like yep can you hear me oh I don't
think your headphones are configured to
hear me
Destinee RIA transgenerational
epigenetic inheritance what about it
I pretty sure I'm already familiar with
the concept the idea that certain
environments can produce biological
effects that could have biological
impacts on the next generation without
necessarily like it wait I don't know
can you hear me well it's never happened
to me before
we're going to change something testing
one two no huh all right what have you
heard my debates before um I heard one
from a few years back and then I started
to listen to the one that you uploaded
recently you know I was at work so uh
kind of turned it off about ten minutes
in so um let me see let me see if I
understand correct me if I'm wrong here
okay um you are for the legality of
abortion because you understand the
practical reasons but you're morally
opposed to it because pretty much just
the idea of terminating a life upsets
you and you would want to minimize the
numbers of abortions performed which I
mean I think everybody agrees with that
nobody wants more abortions sure yeah
that's close enough
yeah I think we can work in definition
yeah okay so um if I recall correctly I
think the guy that you're talking to I
don't know his name but I think he was a
youtuber as well he said something along
the lines are sorry you said something
along the lines what's the difference
between terminating a pregnancy and like
killing a two-year-old that you don't
want to take care of yeah I don't know
if he I don't remember if he had a good
answer for that or not any or or if he
didn't no not really
typically the only answer you can draw
is that one might be reliant on another
person's body for some time but yeah um
well pretty much my response to that is
well with the fetus when you have an
abortion the intent is it
it isn't malicious it's not like people
have abortions because they want to kill
us yes they just want to not be pregnant
anymore and if there is artificial wombs
where you could like safely transport
the fetus to the artificial womb and
then some random pro-life person must
force adopt the baby that's kind of me
being it an [ __ ] I mean I wouldn't be
morally opposed to that but the thing
with well a two-year-old is is that you
can always I mean I know states are
different but there are you can't
surrender your paternal rights you can
give a baby up for it
option people do it all the time and
especially like infants I mean they have
safe-haven laws where you can drop off a
baby you know Etta sorry my cats mailing
a fire station hospital all those places
and nothing legally it will happen to
you and another major difference between
terminating a pregnancy and a
two-year-old is that I understand that
there's a lot of stress involved of
having kids I don't have kids myself I
obviously know people who do there's a
whole lot of [ __ ] that's involved with
that and I don't even I know it's a lot
of [ __ ] but it doesn't physically affect
your body you know there's no heartburn
there's no bloating
there's no extreme I mean I guess if you
don't have a lot of sleep but actual
fatigue caused by the fetus it's not
using your nutrients I mean if you think
about it of the risks with abortion
there's four I mean you know I know we
have a lot of medical advances but still
even to this day
you're 14 times more likely to die from
complications of birth than over
abortion so there's just a lot of risks
that exist with pregnancy that don't
necessarily exist with a newborn baby
you know and even a newborn baby if
you're if you're overwhelmed with all
the stress of a baby I mean assuming you
have a good support network you can
bring the baby to the MA not a mom the
grandma your neighbor whoever and they
can take over that baby for a little
while but you can't just be like man I'm
bloated I'm vomiting no this sucks
hey buddy of mine do you mind
transferring my fetus and watching over
it for a day so I can go have a beer and
just relax like it doesn't really work
that way so I feel that those two can't
really be compared so that's just kind
of my main reasoning there so I get that
a lot because I I'm also a content
creator I am very small I don't have a
following at all have like 400 subs and
my most popular video was a video I did
on abortion and it was like I was rated
by lifers and of course you know YouTube
comments it was all meat [ __ ] and there
was one comment that honestly like I
don't know if you would agree with them
but is probably the probably one of
those stupidest things I've ever read
because I was talking about bodily a Tom
and how the government doesn't have the
you know the government can't force you
to use your organs to sustain someone
else's life but you know the whole organ
donations organ donation and blood
donation a kind of thing like corpses if
you die you're not an organ donor they
can't cut you up and they can't can't
take your kidney to save someone else's
life that kind of extends over to the
pregnancy thing because a fetus is you
know I'm not gonna say it's not life
that is life it's a human being but it's
a human being that's dependent on you
and it requires your constant consent to
use your organs in order to sustain life
so that kind of ties in with that and
then the the pro-life guy's response to
me was this was his example if you put a
baby in a bathtub and you you have to
use your organs to lift the baby out of
the bathtub and I was like yeah but
caretaking is in my opinion not the same
thing as something I don't like to say
parasitic because that sounds really
inhumane but it kind of is in a sense
like it's you're you're the host and
it's living off of you so I felt like
that's a false equivalency and the guy
even says you use your heart to lift the
baby it's like you really use your heart
to lift a baby I mean your hearts
technically pumping blood I mean I don't
know just I just got some interesting
comments there so yeah I can't eat it
can we yeah we can run through some of
these and they kind of talk about him
okay so I'm kind of breaking out the
different point so you're saying so the
first thing that you bring up I would
argue and I believe will come to an
agreement on this that intent doesn't
really matter that much so on the first
one you talked about how like well you
know when you have an abortion it's not
like you're doing it maliciously you're
not like intending to kill the fetus
you're just trying to alleviate yourself
of a pregnancy that you don't really
want right yes I mean I would argue that
if you would use that type of
terminology with anything else I don't
think we would allow that to happen
so for instance let's say I'm driving
down the freeway and I'm just done
dealing with my kid because he's being
obnoxious and I just open the door and
kind of like push him out and I keep
driving like the intent isn't that like
I really want to kill my son it's just
like I'm kind of just done dealing with
him and I don't want to worry about it
anymore so I just kind of like you know
knock him out on the freeway and let him
roll around or whatever
guys I don't think like we would accept
that as like a like an argument right do
you agree or do you think that's dis
analogous er um I mean I I agree to a
certain extent the only thing I can say
is that when you sign your you make it
personal I know you have a son when you
sign his birth certificate
I mean you assume some sort of paternal
rights and you are legally responsible
to make sure that he is safe and once
again he's an independent being at that
point that is it biologically dependent
off of someone else but sex isn't really
a legal contract so you aren't
necessarily legally bound to make sure
that fetus is cared for at all times so
once again like pushing the kid out the
car even if you don't want him to roll
in the road and get hit by a car you
just want him out of the car it's still
to me it's slightly it's slightly
different just based on that alone
because you have that paternal right
yeah yeah so I can understand that but
then we're moving on to like what kind
of like moving on to another topic right
so like we can agree that like the
intent isn't really relevant here
because we weren't really I'm just
trying to move the vagrants one at a
time we would we would never use like
intent like if I wanted to drop off my
one-year-old kid in a dumpster we would
never say like well the intent isn't to
kill somebody we're just doing it right
I'm just trying to move past like the
intent thing right that we're using that
as a proxy for other issues yeah okay
so the first argument was intent the
second thing that you brought up was
that the one problem with the fetus is
that um you can't like transfer it that
you're kind of stuck with it until for
at least nine months or whatever I think
that this kind of ties into your
biological impact argument that there's
a greater biological impact of a child
then than have ever there's a greater
biological impact of having a fetus
implanted in you versus an actual child
it exists separate of yourself right
yeah so I can acknowledge that obviously
I have to acknowledge that both of these
are true
one that a child living inside of you is
going to have a much greater biological
impact and that you have no alternative
to having someone else watch it or care
for it while it's inside of you and then
to that a child inside of you has a
greater impact on your body than a child
outside however so now my question be
in order to make terminating this in
order to make terminating this
acceptable under most moral systems I
would argue that you have to demonstrate
something that is egregious enough that
that killing something is a way to
alleviate I guess whatever unjustice or
whatever or whatever aggression you feel
is presented to you so for instance my
question would be then that if we
consider a fetus a human which you
haven't conceded that yet and we can go
back to that one day but if you do
consider a fetus a human is the
discomfort that you feel for some number
of months while pregnant does it make it
justify that you should be able to kill
a person to alleviate yourself of that
temporary discomfort to me that's kind
of like when you get into morality and
it's kind of subjective and all that
well so my subjective assumptions here
and if you disagree the minute if I ever
see if I'm talking I ever say anything
you disagree just stop me immediately
and we can go over things so my in terms
of like subjective morality here right
what I'm assuming is one murdering is
wrong where murder is defined as the
unjust killing of another person and
then wrong is and it's like morally
unacceptable not legally right ever but
we would consider this to be morally
wrong so and then person is anything
from a zygote up to the termination of
your brain or whatever so if I believe
that we share the values that murdering
people is wrong that if we agree that
murdering people is wrong and we agree
that killing a fetus terminating a
pregnancy is murdering a person then I
feel like in order to make this not
murder where murder is defined as the
unjustified killing of somebody we have
to present something that that thing is
doing or aggressing in a certain way
that makes that killing justified so for
instance somebody breaks into my house I
can murder that person because they're
there right threatening my life or
whatever right however I don't believe
that in most cases a fetus is warranting
being murdered because it's kind of
using your body for up to some number of
months now I will make obvious
concessions here if the mother has a
high likelihood of dying during birth or
there's like an additional complication
or something like that of course then I
would I would immediately say yeah but
in general okay guys pro-lifers actually
agree with that to that I get only like
the extreme fundamentalist Christians
that are like nope that's God's yeah you
know so my question is like
is how do you justify killing something
because it causes a temporary discomfort
well the best way that I can put it is
here we go into the sociopathy I guess
to a certain extent is value a fetus
less than I would a living person and
you're gonna hear the typical stuff the
viability the thus idiots and everything
because fetuses not only do they not
currently they're not able to feel pain
they're not they're not conscious they
have no friends family anything to me I
know it's a biological reality but I
just don't see any true suffering
besides just the I guess by definition
this is life because I mean if you were
to go kill someone down the street I
mean you're they may be a dick or
whatever but you're you're causing them
physical harm I mean they have
relationships with other people they
probably have a job they may have kids
of their own but a fetus is you know and
here's a cliche it is a life I will not
deny that I'm not one of those people
that say penises aren't alive but it is
technically life but literally it's it's
only existence is it's physically there
in a uterus and it's just cell dividing
and like I said I can't feel anything it
can't feel on an emotional level and a
physical level so I don't necessarily
see anything morally wrong with ending
that life if there's no other option
like I said if there are artificial
wombs and there is a whole movement of
people that were totally willing to
adopt I think that that would be the
ideal thing to do because it just seems
more empathetic and nice I guess unless
it was a huge problem and there's just
overpopulation everywhere but I guess
that's my reasoning for not needing a
good reason to terminate a pregnancy so
maybe there's some logical
inconsistencies there and if you can
bring those out to me I'm open to
hearing it sure so let me just um let me
poke around a little bit so okay firstly
you say that a fetus is unequal to a
living person that you would get
you would grant different levels of
consideration to these two things this
is a point that I would 100% agree with
if I could pose a hypothetical let's say
there is a if somebody want to deliver a
baby let's say there's a 50% chance the
fetus dies during delivery and there's
like an 80% chance that the person dies
during delivery or I'm sorry even even
more let's say there's a 50% chance of
fetus dies but there's like a 20% chance
the person dies I would say like abort
every single time because like you you
have a you have a person that's alive
and already like made it through you
know child birthing on that [ __ ] like I
would never sacrifice that person for a
fetus right so when we're talking about
like equal like or like I would probably
prefer the life of like a two-year-old
to like like a fetus like just because
it's already made it through that and
you know less risk and all that [ __ ]
right so like I I would agree that um if
we were talking about enacting the same
action on two things that get different
moral I guess like consideration that I
would prefer one over the other but I
think that one problem we run into here
is that these are not the same act so
for instance if you talked about
aborting a child to save a mother that
is something that I would get on board
with a hundred percent of the time I
would always prefer that but if you talk
about aborting a child to provide a
convenience to the mother then I think
we're talking about very uneven acts and
now we have to justify committing a much
greater moral wrong you would say
against an unborn child in order to
prevent basically a and inconvenience to
the mother and I think this becomes much
harder to justify yeah but doesn't that
convenience stamp on the sliding scale I
mean just for example let's just throw
out so let's have two examples okay so
there's Jane Jane is a trust-fund kid
her dad makes $300,000 a year you know
she's got it she's got the white
privilege she's got everything and she
got knocked up by her boyfriend and
though she's not doing too well you know
that baby will be provided for and but
she just doesn't want to ruin her body
and she doesn't really like the
boyfriend all too much and she just
wanted to have an abortion would you
hold that to the same standard as
opposed to what stay a single mom who
already
has two children who lives paycheck to
paycheck doesn't have sikri better job
or she can take off to go you know take
off to go to the checkups and yeah you
know maybe she lives in section 8
housing because section 8 housing has
limits for amount of kids you can have
if you have a two-bedroom you can't have
three kids I know that some work and the
social services field so I kind of knew
all those all those interesting things
so in in that scenario she's kind of
backed into a shitty corner where not
only to me it's almost more of I feel
like saying an inconvenience is kind of
the wrong word in that scenario because
this person really like this could
potentially [ __ ] up her life and her to
existing children's life if they were to
get kicked off the section 8 because
she's storing another baby or if she
misses work and she doesn't have enough
money to pay the bills or you know like
I said and the situation really just
depends on that person in their scenario
so I feel like just saying oh well this
woman is having an abortion for any
other reason then because it's a threat
in her life like I feel like there's
more of a spectrum on that the
selfishness I mean at that point when
you're worried about your two other
children and keeping food in their
bellies and keeping a roof over their
head like to me that's kind of almost
it's a necessary evil and it's not like
inconveniences is not the right word
would you agree there no but I can
understand why you take issue with the
word I mean like I I would say it's an
extreme inconvenience when I say
convenience what I'm the the reason why
I say convenience and so I understand
what your issue with the word is that in
common parlance when we use convenience
you make it sound like oh you know like
I've got to walk to the store to buy a
candy bar instead of driving like that's
in Denia I acknowledge that the way that
I use inconvenience here is quite a bit
more extreme that being pregnant for
nine months is extremely inconvenient
compared to like having to walk to the
store to buy a candy bar but there's the
reason why I use convenience here is
because it's not generally a matter of
life or death so you've given me a lot
of reasons why a person might be more
likely to have an abortion or how their
outcomes could be greater as a result of
that which obviously I wouldn't disagree
