hello okay go what do you want dude can
you hear me I can hear you okay so I
think this is sort of misunderstood that
you sort of misunderstand Marx does not
know I understand 100% that's just a
[ __ ] answer up give it every single
point in time so he tells me that I
think communism stream is - I understand
that the [ __ ] communism in that
[ __ ] Das Kapital is not this is how
communism work redeem capitalism that
says 'add inevitably lead to the rise of
social I know that I understand it do
you have an argument for communist
socialism where Jews come here to drop
that totally [ __ ] [ __ ] piece of
information obviously [ __ ] know
because I've read it a million [ __ ]
times
so the point he makes is these are like
the issues that castles and phases yes
is how you know the process to fix them
right yeah okay so I mean I don't know
you go I don't even want me to just go
through them or if you can just like you
just like look them up cuz that would
give you a better understanding that I
can but so like some of the problems he
talks about again it's mostly like you
know I'm more interested in like a more
philosophical stuff rather than like
that economic stuff but like so some of
the so let me think only thing for a
second so okay so one of the things he
says is basically the one problem with
capitalism is the existence of the
proletariat that if a proletariat in
your society that is that it basically
has to do with free time right he really
cares about freedom and if you roll it
area exist in a society then that
society is not gonna be very free right
so the definition of proletariat is
socially you know a group of people
where their only way of sustaining
themselves is to sell their labor right
and so if you don't have any way of
sustaining yourself other than selling
your labor it's your got very free right
you're kind of at the mercy of like the
capitalist whatever right so for example
if you uh how does that even make sense
in a socialist system wouldn't you you
still have to sell your labor don't you
using a paper or something you know so
I'm not saying in US so again not
talking about like some sort of perfect
sort of society we're just talking about
the problems that we face and jus yeah
this business for the problems we face
right so for example if you are like is
whining they debate Marx's Hassanein for
example if you don't land maybe you're
like a farmer or something and you have
like cows and sheeps and whatever and
you can like sustain yourself right and
then
and you could sell your labor to you
know the compost in a city I to work out
factory you can choose whether you want
to or not right
so you can say you know I can just stay
in my farm and I can you know subsist
and feed my family well this is a
problem can you check can you convince
me this is even a problem yes like a so
it's about like decrees right so slavery
you're not you're you're a certain
amount of sort of quilt free right you
don't don't worry about like feeding
yourself you don't have to worry about
like protecting yourself and then like a
feudal society you get you're a little
bit more free and then a couple aside
you're a little bit more free when he's
talking about he wants a society where
again you're a little bit more free so a
society we are free to reap all the
benefits of society without giving
anything back to it how the [ __ ] does
that possibly work wait what do you mean
I don't understand because you're
basically telling me that there's a
problem that people have to work in
order to get anything out of society
you're saying it's a problem it's about
being a member of the proletariat were
the only thing you have is to sell your
labor so you're at the mercy of what the
sort of what the calculus will give you
okay wait so and what's the alternative
to that so again a system in which the
proletariat like does not exist which
would make them what
so like again he doesn't set up like the
perfect I can't tell you like this is
like be perfect society like this is it
like once you get this it's it's all
over what he talks about so what at one
point were slave society then we're a
feudal society then were a capitalist
society and then we move on from there
and then when we were on from there and
so on and so forth like the point is
that the whole argument is what you just
said is these so on and so forth you
have to like talk about that where do we
go next what how do we get rid of every
proletariat okay so his so he talks
about so basically this is the mecca
notices the problems and then the
mechanism for action so like his
mechanism fraction is the you know
proletariat violently revolting against
the capitalist okay so how do they all
become not perla then do do they what
make robots work for them to build
everything or what what's next okay so
this is really important to note that
Marx this is the more philosophical
sense he's not are you talking he's not
an idealist he he and one other really
important contributions from Marx and
philosophy is
the understanding of that how porn
history is to understanding like
scientific and philosophical thought
right like in order to he says like
history is the last science you have to
understand history to understand sort of
every scientific point you can't nope no
like person like Newton can't just like
pull out like the [ __ ] law of gravity
out of like thin air like this is like
the objective thing like this is the
correct answer like we have it right
here this is the law of gravity and it's
like correct and right and everything
right he's like limited by you know the
time he lives in and the history and
culture of his society so he you know
thinks of idea and this is this is like
a good idea for now but eventually we
have to move on and move past from that
like he doesn't just yeah what are we
moving on past he'll again the violent
revolution revolution leaders to come to
the eradication of from how do we
eradicate the proletariat dude these are
not the question that can you're asking
questions that that he doesn't like
again you can if you want more of those
types of answers you can go and talk and
learn more about like the DM what's it
called the Marxist or the Frankfurt
School and that's really where they talk
about you know why a lot of Karl Marx's
predictions obviously didn't come true
and so they talked they so the Frankfurt
School people they really talk about you
know what happened why did you know
violent proletarian revolution never
happened and sort of asking what we're
play like how do you live in a society
to get benefits from that you don't have
to sell your labor to how else you make
a society function that's my question
again you're asking me a really
complicated question that doesn't met
like I as a person in our society that's
limited by our understanding of the
world I can't just pull out a thin hair
like this magical society that you talk
about asking for magical I'm just like
in general I'm just asking for like how
would you envision that so okay so like
you can so you want basically you want
people do have like choices and choices
of what places to sell their labor to or
know about of how alternative ways other
than of selling like your labor - okay
can you give you an example of an
alternative way yes you're like you have
you have like a person on a farm who is
the oldest assistant live and
support themselves and then wait
subsisting on a farm and living is not
being part of a society being
self-sustaining is not no no no use a
little bit of society and you know
exchange you can exchange with other
people it's different from them so you
still like exchange with other people
and live like that but again it's about
wait so you're saying that you so so
somebody at a farm would exchange with
other people so you're saying that they
would use their labor to create a
product that they would exchange with
other Pido know so this is these are
different things so we've have a
property so marx just talks about
private how forty is two different
things okay so there's private property
and the things that you're talking about
which happens this is in the realm of
exchange and Marx doesn't really care
about this what he's talking about is in
the realm of production and the private
property in regards to um the means of
production so if you have like a
toothbrush or your cow or your car or
whatever I don't understand he's a
distinction between personal property
and private property has anything to do
with it is two different types it's two
different types of private property well
yeah what one is personal like
belongings and one is private property
right we're private properties like
capital but this is not what we're
talking about right now
it's well pacifically as things that
produce surplus-value sure but what I'm
asking is is how does how do you give to
a society in a way that isn't your labor
and your example was well you could work
on a farm no that's the point
what is the I mean you can do that now
if you want to go work on a farm you
mean well you mean you can't I mean you
could but again it's not realistic to go
plant crops and but how is not realistic
it's specific it's just an example it's
not I know but your example is even
working so could you give me whether it
does I know it's just an example yeah
again so the point is to have an
alternative other than selling your
labor that's the point because what is
the alternative is just one alternative
hypothetically what do you want to know
about selling your labor know the hot to
be able to sustain yourself on like your
own little farm in your own land that's
not being part of a society so if I ask
you how can socialism working like oh
well we need to get rid of the
proletariat well how do you get rid of
pearls here well every single person has
their own farmer lives on their own land
and there's little one example this a
guy
no cuz I'm not trying to give you again
your I feel like your stillness
understand the point I'm not going to
give you like here is the solution this
is how we're not asking for the perfect
I just want one example because I'm a
brainwashed capitalist and the only way
that I see somebody giving to society is
through their labor right now it seems
to be that we exchange our time in the
form of labor into society in exchange
for some sort of currency that we can
use to acquire other possessions because
we have a big economy that it lets us do
that that's how I see these things work
again you're telling me that there's a
way to do this without doing that then I
don't know how will that work so I'm
just curious so it is it you okay so
again no you're not interesting you
would still give society your labor to
society but you would have alternatives
alternative what do you mean by
alternatives like for example like okay
let me just like off the top of my head
and I might be good but we can go
through it okay so like for example we
had a very robust um like social
security or social safety net system you
could choose to work or not work right
so you could just stay at home and be
bored all day or you know you kid okay
but how does this society like that work
so then we're back to what I said before
how do you get things out of society
without giving anything back so
everybody would though you still people
still woman how because people want to
like you would still like okay so you're
telling me that in your system people
could stay home and do nothing but
everybody would choose to sell their
labor anyway how is that any different
in capitalism no you I mean it's differ
because you haven't alternative it's the
it's the proletariat be like it's is it
wouldn't it would be completely
different in the Marceau's the existence
of the proletariat is what defines
capitalism bananas words is wrong if you
do not have that you don't have capital
is Neve a different system so if in this
system you you can choose to sell your
labor then you are not a member of the
proletariat because you can choose
whether to sell your labor or not to
okay so for example if you [ __ ] like
you know are a pianist then you have
like another job or you have a you know
again like a well first date or whatever
then somebody can come to your door and
say oh can you play piano for me and you
can say you know what yeah sure or you
say you know I don't really need it so
I'm not going to ok so again it's about
the existence of a proletariat as what
defines capitalism and that is he says
that is what is wrong
gotcha all right do you have any final
parting closing thoughts for us I mean
do you want you want to learn more I
like they like I haven't learned
anything yet
other than I want to like we give
somebody like the opportunity to not
work they will always choose to work in
ways that are beneficial to society but
no like I mean I can give you like some
lectures or some books or some books to
read oh okay thank you I'm okay though
but I appreciate it okay thank you I
like it okay well just just one real
quick okay you go caught Hegel for your
Bach and then Marx and then you'll
finally online so I need to get my
undergrad in philosophy before I can't
even begin to interpret or understand
anything about social it gotcha sounds
promising highly-trained you can skip
rank two marks if you want I'm pretty
sure if you I'm pretty sure most
undergrads don't read all a [ __ ] con
you'll have to read all of it I mean
just like critique of Pure Reason when
you like a couple other things it's not
really the only read that much okay like
okay I'll skim okay thanks buddy okay
I'll link you something all right all
right bye
jesus [ __ ] christ never again get out
of here you goddamn [ __ ] commies I
don't want you is this on streaming
[Music]
