[Music]
all right look it's kind of clean I
guess it's kind of dark I don't know how
much you'll be able to see I lost my
junk off the floor we have our kitchen
stuff over there
it almost looks okay I think that I
could do longest hair okay the thing
that I'm scared about is like I just
don't want um there's like a certain
type of way your hair can look what am I
thinking of hold on there's like a it's
like a ninety skaters [ __ ] no hold on
it's it's like not like a bowl cut
[ __ ] I'm not gonna be able to find
anything I just don't want her to look
like that I can't think of what I'm
thinking of so yeah I was I almost went
to Ikea I got stuff but I was scared
that like I would get something [ __ ] you
can send a [ __ ] tell anybody what I want
to spend like a super [ __ ] ton but
shouldn't you done this before moving
no what the [ __ ] I don't know move out
ton of [ __ ] [ __ ] but um okay alright
riperino cappuccino property no habit
you know my opportunity I'm chin capture
riding on New Year's hopefully I'm
[ __ ] streaming it's New Year extreme
boys hopefully ninjas outs didn't take
over pull everybody from High Street
he's heading out most overrated facts to
advise and all California guys what's
our mattress mating with ortho in it
sounds like [ __ ] I don't know same
day to let I mean I probably get support
local businesses right now you just buy
a mattress and put it on the [ __ ]
floor that's how they did it a lot sauce
why do you need like a bed frame I
probably get like a bed for a I don't
know [ __ ] me extra storage underneath
the [ __ ] story Shannon dude what the
[ __ ] am I gonna store I need my [ __ ]
bed what the [ __ ] oh okay Google keep
what do we need okay q-tips I got that
hand soap we got that ok shampoo
conditioner I usually get this stuff the
blue bottle [ __ ] huh I don't want this
13 ounce [ __ ]
oh here's the set thank you oh [ __ ] [ __ ]
I don't know how that's better not wait
hold on wait I don't think this shows
anything actually nevermind okay this is
my this is where we check how much data
we have left boys two point three
gigabytes remaining feels good the 19.5
on set is 20 bucks the 25 ounce set is
$40 okay well how does that make sense
why [ __ ] bar so fun that's what I use
in the shower you got a problem
damn there's a lot of bar soap haters
and shout holy [ __ ] you guys don't use
bark you guys use the [ __ ] we can
pump them with the Axe body wash in the
shower
[ __ ] off [ __ ] out of here I get wood but
I don't know if like a wood thing this
looks nice but it wouldn't match like
any bathroom aesthetic I would get I
don't think right like it doesn't I
don't think or we could go for like a
would like aesthetic of the house so I
don't know try this thing superior
drainage this is for kitchen sink
counter tops and yeah [ __ ] this a wall
mount holy [ __ ] okay if I get I'll get
this
you should buy a headband so you can be
like ninja butterfly I'm good
you leave your toothbrush in the
bathroom yeah of course what the [ __ ]
else are you like what do you mean [ __ ]
particles get on the toothbrush destiny
doesn't know about the toilet eros
sliced piece you realize that those
exists on literally every single thing
you interact with in your entire life
right you really think that by moving
your toothbrush out of the bathroom
you're gonna get away from them it's
pretty funny that you think that I don't
want to talk anymore about it because I
don't want to shatter the illusion that
you have right now that you're actually
protecting yourself from them so keep up
the great work
they should have drainage in the bottom
right so there's not like a water
buildup or some [ __ ] inside or I guess I
can just clean it out and over no I need
like a set I need like a bathroom set
before you buy stuff tell us do you want
people to say what do you want people
gonna enter your bathroom I just want
stuff that it's nice and makes sense
okay
wait what the [ __ ] lands and oh supima
we found zero results wait one hold on
do these guys have to sell their [ __ ] on
Amazon there's no way right wait what
the [ __ ] Jesus looks like [ __ ]
mushroom fungus growing wait there's no
other color I don't want this an ugly
ass forget neutral [ __ ] bathrooms
most popular option four hundred forty
pound capacity I'm not even gonna make a
great joke could I get like a TV for my
bathroom just nerman you like watch
streams
okay Add to Cart okay bam bam bam okay
all the okay the only thing $2,200 to
[ __ ] me I need um the most of that is
the camera I need a lens for the camera
don't I F - two point I don't know what
the [ __ ] any of that means but okay oh
no [ __ ] way are you [ __ ] serious
for a [ __ ] lens for some [ __ ]
glass I give you this is not real these
are cut these come with like cameras or
some [ __ ] don't they what is in a 7-3
that's a Sony camera right do I need to
get like a Sony lens Sony needs an e
mount what the [ __ ] does that mean
what's the camera gonna look like if I
don't have a lens on it at all are you
[ __ ] serious this is so [ __ ]
stupid for a goddamn [ __ ] lens
wide angle zoom lens wide angle zoom
Llewyn is they both 16 oh they're not
it's really $2,000 really really I'm
gonna spend four and a half thousand
dollars on some goddamn [ __ ] on a
[ __ ] camera
this 10-bit video matter for streaming
because the Sony a7 doesn't have that
well then you counted food you dude what
the [ __ ] that means
do I want like a polarizer do I need
that [ __ ] to polarizer is gonna mean if
I have a lot of competing light sources
the polarizer will give me a less of
that but I can control my own lights if
I shouldn't matter does this have a mini
does this have a micro or I'm sorry this
has an HDMI output right
I can I theoretically can I at least use
this camera if I do IRL streams dude if
I drop this camera public I would
[ __ ] kill myself like what do you
think is like the battery life okay hold
on
battery life a 7-3 boasts best battery
life and it mails coming over 700 shots
okay but what about video 4k 30fps so I
should do 1080 60 2 to 3 hours like if I
wanted to charge this mobile II can I do
it be a USB or does it probably not it's
probably gonna be like an adapter power
thing USB see really they overheat
easily wait do these actually overheat
that's not good if they overheat because
I'm gonna be running this constantly
he's Albert awake oh [ __ ] I think he's
trying right
a better camera won't help the way you
look but we love you anyways dad let's
not online at the moment and I think
Albert is traveling according following
Pierce the cameras usually big issue
well like the gh4 didn't have any issue
at all I actually I left that on for
months at a time and it never overheated
ever do you care about white angle yeah
supposedly you need a wide-angle lens
for streaming right when you deadlocked
a Sony
yes reckful recommended it I trust his
opinion and I'm pretty sure no matter
what somebody recommends another person
who's an expert is gonna step up and
tell me why that recommendation is how
much I'm going with this camera if I get
well this white angle will be good in
general like if I want to move in stream
and [ __ ] it should be fine well I don't
want like some random [ __ ] I mean if
it's a good camera I don't a pair of
[ __ ] lunch with it and [ __ ] it all up
right over okay all right [ __ ] it
have a good day [ __ ] if the lens
actually stabilizes itself that's pretty
cool although I don't know that whatever
ice Christ well Rick follow those
questions I think you need a full frame
camera for streaming I'm just using one
camera know what I'm just using this I
love you very much but like if you start
telling me about what's really good then
a million different people are gonna
come out all tell me it was like the
thing the way this works is what I have
to do is because I can't trust any of
you [ __ ] I just have to use it myself
and then I'll develop opinions after
that and then I can actually like
communicate with you because if I take
advice from chat on this every single
one of you know well I'm a professional
you know and so it's gonna get real
[ __ ] dumb real quick and everything I
pick is going to be wrong so it's easier
for me to just get something have some
experience with it for several months
and then I can form like a better being
about it he always told her until either
Albert or reckful ever a little chat so
but okay alright I'm going out oh if you
have the chance to this [ __ ] is [ __ ]
awesome I'll fail your goat least action
thanks oh my god this food was so good
they have dumplings these are dumplings
with soup in them they're so good it's
so good if you ever have the chance to
go to all these places do it I have been
summoned that the restaurants are
Instagram
yep
oh my god he's so so good
highly highly highly recommended it
highly recommend guys [ __ ] these are so
good alright I'm done
did you get any dessert oh the taro buns
are really good I did to get a taro bun
I wanted to love them
but I was so [ __ ] full but they were
really good I am I don't know what the
differences between like taro buns and
the red bean things it tastes the same
to me but yeah that the buns are so
[ __ ] good too
apparently they have chocolate ones and
I didn't see it but yeah that the taro
the the taro buns whatever are really
really good they taste different
I don't know that Aaron Skeen taro and
red bean it seems similar to me maybe
the taro is a little sweeter
okay I love y'all very much wait oh [ __ ]
I forgot the other thing if you haven't
something a long time cuz you're sitting
there waiting for the snaps here they
are
you got an Amazon Prime connected to a
twitch Prime and you're one of the 500
people that [ __ ] left me okay I'm
back I'll be back and in like two days
on the real internet so you know I'm
Pacino I love you guys it's been fun
riperino cappuccino cappuccino
opportunity no deputy no cappuccino
cappuccino
Al Pacino my duties shut up destiny I'm
never sobbing to you again
[Music]
you
