I asked you a few questions about Sam
Harris by the way sure thing buddy I
love talking about Sam Harris what do
you want to talk about went on discord
sure thing but he sent me a message oh
hey what's up okay
so there's probably won't take long but
I just heard previously that you said
that Sam Harris never defined like
well-being at all and I just as far as I
understand it at least he has the way I
understand it is like he defines it as
pretty much the same way that you define
the set of preferences that each of us
have right and so it's sort of the
fulfillment of those preferences so he
comes from a place where you say
materialist and a determinist right so
there is only in the natural world and
all the implications of that and so
everything that relates to your well
being sort of a product of of your brain
state right and even if we can do it
right now but in the future basically we
will be able to sort of measure all
there is to know about your well-being
from the state of your brain pretty much
right and so if you have an input like
pain and one of your preferences is that
you don't enjoy pain at all well then
you'd be able to measure that in in the
brain and so it is with everything so
even if you turn that around and say
that you enjoy pain well then the
function would would be different right
and so I see that okay let's say let's
say that I grant this okay because this
is a common thing residentsleeper
resident of okay i have preferences and
i fulfil said preferences sam harris
seems to make much stronger claims that
he can say that we ought pursue like
maximizing preferences for all of
humanity it seems like he tries to make
a much stronger claim there and my
evidence for this
that let's say that what you're saying
is true that sam harris just says well
we should all seek to maximize our
preferences why did you need to write a
book on that
why not just say like oh look like this
is literally just egoism that's all it
is like it seems like he's trying to
create or things he's created something
far more unique there he needs to write
a book because you need to address like
a lot of standard problems in ethics
like the trolley problem and so on how
to actually solve all these these data
cases using the method that he is using
and because like most people don't
really think that you can get from an
eStore note which you can't but you can
get from two years to an old can next
yeah explain it okay so this is sort of
the argument not really that Harris
makes but that's Lawrence Krauss I think
it's called it's usually making and if
you had a have set goal and you know the
state of the world then science can tell
you how to get there right because we
can if you if you have to pass a and B
an a will lead to one out comment and B
will lead to the other then you can
start to determine which outcome will be
the best sure I feel like and I don't
want to misinterpret somebody especially
if it's like a better philosopher but um
like I feel like it's a centrist okay
that those types of bought statements
that seems like a linguistic equivalency
to me that doesn't necessarily mean the
same thing so let me give you a
difference so if you want to if you want
to lift a weight above your head okay
you need to be able to lift a certain
amount of weight I don't believe that
that type of ought like or that type of
should like you should do something to
accomplish something else is the same as
a moral should because in one we're
speaking of virtues and then in the
other we're speaking of accomplishing a
goal so like I think these are two very
different statements or like rather like
say just ate to throw a ball if you want
to throw a ball across the yard you
should throw you you should you know
real backhand and wind up and throw the
ball that type of should is a different
should because it's not speaking of an
action that's a virtuous it's just a
speaking of accomplishing a goal and to
take it one step back to where it is a
moral question how about the question of
like
should you even value that goal that
would be the moral question so I don't I
don't believe that this is taking
multiple is--is and getting to an art I
think that it just it presupposes the
art by stating a goal but but the real
art question is why should we value that
goal in and of itself right yeah yeah
that's definitely true and the way that
Harry sort of solved this question is
just by saying what else could you value
outside of well-being and you can sort
of answer that question if you actually
have it on hand like it's sort of an
axiom that everyone actually wants to
fulfil their desires whatever they may
be right and that seems reasonable to
most people I mean you can't really okay
I I'm not gonna disagree we probably
agree on 99.9 and I never said I think
you're gonna say okay like well you know
like is there anything else you value
besides well-being the answer to that is
probably no right I don't know if
there's a better answer than that but
the difference is the strength of the
claim that Sam Harris is making okay it
comes to it's the same thing as my
arguments with REM about like about like
knowing if we can know about the nature
of our existence right my quite my
answer when it comes to moral questions
right I generally say we can't know
about these types of things however we
can make some assumptions and work from
there that's the that's the difference
but Sam Harris seems to be unsatisfied
with that where he says we'll hold on
like I'm not just gonna assume that my
position is true I know that my position
is 100 not true and I can chase some
sort of objective morality because I can
use science to discover what is
objectively morally true that's the
that's the whole issue with Sam so all
of this nothing wrong he does make the
action he does say that it is a claim
that your value will be but many people
have actually asked and that question
about how do we know we should well you
that and you say it and his answer is
there's nothing else to value so that's
not true though there is plenty of else
to value we could valued no well-being
we could value a state of murdering or
killing everybody
well no because that would go against
you well yeah if your preferences are to
kill people no no no no no the saying
that we ought satisfy our preferences
that's a moral statement saying that we
ought to satisfy and that is unjustified
this is the whole thing Harris has
contributed nothing unique to the realm
of philosophy because as soon as you
start to back up and ask a question like
well why are we value well being we
either go to some weird egoist thing or
maybe we can get to like Kahn she and
imperatives like categorical norms or
something like nothing that Harris's
contribute news is new
he just presupposes the question or or
presupposes the answer and then pretends
that he solved it by constantly begging
the question right like well how do we
know that well-being is the best because
that's the best state of being of every
creature like well-being is the best
state of every conscious Kriya what what
is best mean how do we value what is
best well we because it's the best thing
like that's the problem like yeah maybe
you're right maybe I need to think about
it more but whatever the last time we
watch with Harrison another guy it like
summarized it perfectly where the other
guy was basically just telling her I was
like listen dude you can't justify it
like let's just assume this and move on
but Harris like does not understand this
point that his whole philosophy is
constantly circular like I'm sending us
I don't know if you watched me watch
that video if someone in chairs like
that but it was a really good finally
somebody like tries to nail Harris down
for like five minutes unlike listen
you're trying to say that we should
value well-being but you don't realize
it that's a moral statement than that
you're claiming you have justification
where but you don't so I good Oh with
Sean Carroll yeah I think you're
reasonable but but if it just feels like
a lot of philosophers philosophers that
there is sort of arguing against take
this notion of I think Sam Harris comes
out of a place where he's frustrated
that he can make moral claims like where
people in the Middle East and let's say
all the atrocities committed by Islam
and so on but you can't really speak up
against that morally no no but you
absolutely can that's the problem and
this is why I can't imagine anybody that
like studies or does philosophy
academically must kill themselves when
they listen to some hair cities you can
absolutely make moral statements without
having to resort to sam Harris's weird
[ __ ] scientism or whatever you can
absolutely be you can even be a moral
anti-realist and still construct moral
systems that will allow you to condemn
other people like you can totally do
that you don't you don't absolutely need
like proper justification from an
axiomatic or or to destroy
all opry or ease or whatever to create a
moral system in order to criticize other
people you can absolutely do it but for
some reason sam harris doesn't see
either acknowledge to this or understand
this but but don't you still need to
like make the item of building both
being otherwise sure but the thing is
that Harris doesn't axiomatically do
that he feels like he's justified it
using science that's the thing I feel
you're wrong on this thing of okay yeah
if you feel that I'm wrong on this then
my question is tell me like what Sam
Harris defines as well-being and then
tell me why we ought value well-being
Sam Harris does never answers these
questions and like if you feel like he
I'm wrong then you would say like oh
well well-being is defined as such and
this is why we we absolutely should
value it you but you can never give me
those answers okay I'll try okay so I
think you're correct that he never says
Koepke yeah I can speak he can't give
any justification for why we ought very
well being because it cannot be done but
he has defined well-being as far as as
well-being can sort of be defined in in
the sense that he always makes an
analogy to health right so help me I
know he makes these analogies to health
because it's the only type of analogy
that he can make because all he can do
is beg the question so Sam Harris a Sam
Harris the front of this would be
well-being destiny put your hand on a
stove and tell me what happens that's a
well being okay well how about this I
create two worlds one in which the woman
is subservient to the man and serves the
man but both people feel fulfilled and
another world where men and men men and
women are treated equally Tommy which
one it is a greater state of well-being
Sam can never answer a difficult
question like that or any actual moral
question aside from very obvious things
that are literally like reflex neurons
right like we'll kick yourself in the
balls and tell me if that's well-being
not to mention the fact that you can
even use some of these more basic
examples to see if they're correct
how about stabbing somebody in the arm
is that is that a thing of well-being
well I don't know in the terms of
vaccinations we seem to say yes what
about in terms of getting tattoos well I
mean it's vanity but we make the trip
right like these are all very difficult
questions that are totally valid that
Harris's system can't answer this we
would appeal to like he's basically
saying we need to be healthy and
like and even that is a value statement
they're not necessarily everybody would
agree with what about people that eat a
lot of sugar that damage their body
sorry
sorry I'm not trying to get you all of
you high guard that's fine okay so I
think you can actually figure out in
many of the cases like what would
benefit you the most if you are
determinist and and okay so let's do
this let's do a very simple example of
eating sugar then tell me how sam harris
would argue that i'm somebody that wants
to consume enough sugar to give me
diabetes what is the moral thing here
what ought I value okay well if if you
sort of concede that that you're
interested in in the well in your own
well-being right you can sort of and
everything is deterministic then you can
figure out what state would grant you
the most happiness right sure so tell me
which happiness I should value more
living more healthy until seventeen
eighty and not enjoying sugary foods or
enjoying sugary sweet foods my entire
life and maybe dying ten years earlier
of diabetes okay
well the one that maximizes your
well-being or all I think we have it how
do you define well-being here is it the
happiness and pleasure you gain through
the recreational activity of eating food
with friends and families and enjoying
food your whole life or is it or is it
living longer the problem is that what
I'm asking you science can never give us
the answer to these questions and Harris
won't acknowledge this there's no way I
can run a scientific test to determine
which thing we should weigh more than
the other because these are moral
questions as they're philosophical
questions there's no way you could ever
use science to measure a brain state and
give me an answer here and this is why I
never hear Harris appeal to an actual
difficult problem to solve what about
something like exercise right using
Harris is definitely not in as much as
well as good as shape as he can be right
now why is that does he not value his
well-being or is it because he likes to
do other things rather than exercise or
workout or is this a vice and he's
actually acting in a non virtuous way
according to his own moral system like
what would his answer be very okay you
have actually convinced me I was just
wrong there's no way to actually figure
that out so I eventually would disagree
with Harry's but I would disagree in a
slightly different way so I'll just tell
you what what
think the problem was and and then I'll
go again
so the if let's assume that you could
actually do that do the thing that I
suggested early on where you can sort of
figure out what path you should choose
to maximize your own well-being then you
still have to match but then everything
becomes a a function a maximization
problem across all human beings that
live on earth right but one one person's
happiness can be another person's
misfortune right and so there's no way
to actually figure out how you actually
maximize it across all human beings
without introducing some sort of
value-based system of course but then
what you're talking about is basic
consequentialism or or or utilitarianism
right how do we maximize the utility
across all of humanity and then we wait
peoples we create axioms to let us value
some things over other things and then
we measure you know how we do that so
for instance in the case of like
gang-rape right or in the case of let's
say rape right one person is being made
happy but another person is being made
sad obviously right well we would argue
that because of how we axiomatically
value things that we value a person's
autonomy and lifelong happiness or for
the temporary happiness of somebody
that's raping somebody so we would say
this act is morally wrong right yeah
yeah sort of right but but it's saying
that the question is still up in the air
whether or not utilitarianism like
modulus all the other things that you
could value such as fairness right so
you could sacrifice one human being for
the benefit of all the others but it's
not clear whether or not you're tolet
Arianism actually modulates that at all
it could be right because most people
don't want actually to live in a society
where they could be sacrificed for the
greater good so to speak sure but even
even like real utilitarian aswhat agree
with this where so for instance
entertain an act utilitarian in a rolly
children and act utilitarian might say
something like sacrificing one to save
four is always good because it's
obviously you know you just do the math
one four four is good but a rule
utilitarian might say well if we craft
that rule for society nobody's gonna go
to the [ __ ] hospital because they're
worried they're gonna get murdered for
their organs right so we actually
wouldn't say we could sacrifice one to
say for that would be even though maybe
like a very strict like actor
utilitarian would say yes a rule utility
room say this is a bad rule for society
so consequentialism can even take into
account those types of things right
yeah I agree and I thought this is where
the main problem was and and I thought
you could actually maximize it for the
individual human being but yeah it
changed my mind so sure there's a really
good yeah there's a really good debate
with Sean Carroll and and Sam Harris
where they pretty much talked about this
and it's like all Sean Carroll is trying
to say is it like dude all you need to
do is all you need to do is just put a
[ __ ] axiom here and then we can talk
about interesting things but Harris is
obsessed with trying to logically prove
like his moral system is objectively
correct which is absurd it's kind of
like getting into a debate about the
nature of existence right can you know
that the reality that you live in is
real the answer to that is absolutely no
you can never know that we can't know
anything about physical objects only
what our senses convey to us however it
is totally reasonable for us to assume
that it's true and then work from there
but that's different right
I'll make the assumption that the
reality that my sense is conveyed to me
is probably real and then I'll work from
there but I'm not gonna go I'm not gonna
make a claim as strong as I can know the
nature of physical objects I would never
say that because I can't do that I can
only operate with what my senses convey
to me but then there'll be somebody with
like Harris in the room where
everybody's trying to have a
conversation like okay well how should
we act in the physical world and Harris
is like no no no no no guys listen up I
can know about the physical universe I
can know about physical just like no you
can't dude like just say no and then
we'll move on from that's fine like you
don't have to 100% prove this to have a
good conversation about it I think
that's the problem we can actually watch
the I'll watch the Sean Carroll thing
after this if you want to listen with us
mention yeah sure okay
actually yeah I agree with the mall
thing but but with regards to like what
we can know to be true actually think
that Harris concede that point many
times he often says that the only thing
that we can know is that we had that I
myself have experienced isness yeah yeah
and then you have to like assume that
everything sort of unfold from there so
he says that many times but but given
that what you observe is reliable then
we can make assumptions about yeah yeah
so so I don't think he's [ __ ] in
that regard
sure just in the moral sense but yeah no
I agree he hopefully would agree with
