everyone welcome to the DT podcast
episode I believe 26 it has been a it
has been a painful two-week hiatus since
we done our last episode huh oh yes a
hiatus yeah what'd I say that's did I
pronounce it wrong
no I was just saying it at the same time
is you did for dramatic effect oh okay
yeah okay cool bye Europe about actually
thought you had said hi anus and I was
like about you're just doing some kind
of like you know some like the type of
lowbrow humor
that I would resort to I mean dude eNOS
is pretty funny I mean I like it so no
okay
well you know if you get like a if you
get like a thick Angus burger you know
he's you know say hey can I get the
thick anus burger to your waiter no I've
never done that before
don't do it as someone who's been as
someone who was a weight I mean you know
but as a zone who was a waiter for eight
years you know we've really what's
really painful was when customers try to
make a joke at you that you heard seven
trillion times or just a shitty like Dad
pun you like and you like half they're
like what about David why do I do i cave
in and pretend it was funny or doing it
like a pity laugh but do I just die
inside I'm trying to get tipsy er but
like you know it's like what do I do
I guess it's a net positive estar trying
to like you know they're trying to
comfort me and I'm the one serving them
so now you take that do what you can
with it there anyway so anyway so yeah
anyway anyways y'all episode 26 hi this
is over now we're back we're doing our
thing I won't be transparent here it was
completely my fault two weeks ago I had
a bunch of [ __ ] going on family why's
that all happen to fall on the exact
time of DT podcast from the previous
week it was it was a actually the same
thing and it was almost the same thing
again today it's actually been really
really bad luck it's all things are
happening on these Wednesday's it seems
to be which I can get to later on here
but I'm happy to be back though man I'm
happy to be back I missed you I missed a
miss being back on routine and I got
something I want to talk about today man
well do the fact that's been three weeks
now I you know there's so much like
political and new [ __ ] we haven't we
didn't cover that I imagine most of it
was pretty topical it's probably out of
out of bounds now for like beat for
being like a hot thing to get into
bounce yeah yeah but I want to talk to
you about is
um mental health as far as YouTube and
twitch and live-streaming goes so now to
dive uh you know not I had the out of
viral point with Mari maker you know I
had some at some you know pretty pretty
potent view counts and some things like
that things are kind of like no slowing
down little bit for me a little bit more
not Mari makers not as viral because you
know it's been a month afterwards I'm
trying to like you know work on
retaining what I had rather than
continuing to grow and grow and grow
I've seen a lot of uh so I was pretty I
was pretty visible with like the you
know I've never had a youtube buys
before like my youtube even though it
had you know when I started before Maher
maker came out I had like forty three
thousand subscribers but now I'm at a
hundred and ten
you know I blew up to that in one month
which is kind of insane I've never had a
youtube artist to maintain entertain and
like understand before and it's like I'm
wondering here as a starting point does
this bigger this bigger picture of
asking you like how you deal this whole
thing there are so many points of
feedback as a twitch broadcaster
specifically there's also the same thing
for you know a youtuber and any other
kind of content creator right how do you
deal with all the feedback here you got
you got DG jeers you know it's telling
you what they want and what they you
know telling what they want and
everything else here your most
passionate fan base you have the YouTube
comments you know probably you know um
you know always [ __ ] on you for any
XYZ points of your of your videos you
got the twitch chat you know wanting
more streams less minecraft less League
more debates and you know [ __ ] your
mental health and just you know do more
more more more more just stream 24 hours
and never sleep you know you got your EU
audience mat euro awake late you got
your any audience mad that you don't
stay up late how do you balance it all
like what do you how do you do there
like there are two fundamental truths I
think of people in general and I don't
adhere to one of these which saves me
from all these problems but so the first
one is is that people tend to the view
that you have your of yourself is
largely comes from how people around you
view of you that we tend to like seek
affirmation and love and warmth and all
that from other people and it's usually
how we view ourselves it's a reflection
of other people around us view us and
then the second thing is we tend to want
to have like an a good view of ourselves
by default so when we read good comments
about
they don't mean as much but when we read
bad comments about us they stand it a
lot more so if you read 50 comments and
one of them is really bad and forty none
of them are pretty supportive the one
bad one will stand out more so as you
sew these two things are true as you
scale up the amount of interaction you
get from strangers like as you scale
that up
you are always setting yourself up for
disaster just because the absolute
number of bad comments like the total
number of bad comments you get it's
going to rise you're not gonna pay
attention to the good comments because
we just don't naturally do something we
don't normally do and then because you
view yourself in a way that is
reflective of what the people around you
say and the only thing you see are bad
things it always leads to you feeling
like [ __ ] basically you're like a large
figure is like you're is pretty bad no
you're very nice it's very valid mmm so
like the only two things the only way to
deal with this is you either have to not
let other people's opinions like become
reflective of how you view yourself
which is I think almost impossible to do
if you don't already do that or you have
to or you have to filter or find a
better way to engage with your audience
and there are a multitude of ways to
deal with that so may either really
strict moderation that bans or gets rid
of a lot of like more toxic comments
either don't read it all or engage with
a lot of certain servers coming so don't
burn your YouTube comments a Twitter
feedback or find another person to like
sort through it for you like stuff like
that okay okay that's a very valid point
so let me tell you what I thought I was
thinking I need to do before you gave me
some really good advice here on that one
I thought okay well I'm feeling the way
I feel right now because for context
here I've been streaming daily since
June 26 I haven't had a day off I've
been my game my aim was just kind of
like you know grime and try to like
really maximize the retention of my
growth from Ari maker and try to like
stabilize it and kind of be you know
Destiny's Junior if I can or as close I
can't having you know that's maximum
sustainable the number just you know
sort of longevity and sustainability of
might of my twitch channel
he knows everything else right be
successful obviously and the so I've
been grinding daily and so I'm one like
day what like we're I'm approaching day
I'm playing over day fifty now of doing
this every single day with most days
being you know eight hours generally
minimum I did
like you know a 12 and a 10-hour in
another 8 hour all the previous 3 days
you know so I've been still hitting it
pretty pretty hard and what's happening
is those like I'm in this really weird
bubble with streaming now where a
massive majority of my communication is
digital right like I'm I'm sure in
reality I'm only talking to like my
girlfriend like we go walk the dog real
quick when you say digital that includes
like talking to your viewers I'm stream
- right you're considered that digital
yes I considered anything that's not a
IRL IRL communication where I can
observe like body language and and you
know all the other things that are just
not like purely what the medium allows
you to do even if that would consider
this is like this is there definitely
therapeutic but I would say this is to
an extent also digital now would you
would you agree better yeah I mean it's
just how you defined it yeah yeah yeah
so the only uh yes of my communications
like all digital the only IRL thing I
have consistently is like when I walk my
dog my girlfriend generally at like 1:00
in the morning when I'm done streaming I
got make a big initiative that say hey
look I really would have a walk the dog
and I really will talk with you so I
have some awesome human to talk to so I
can just kind of keep myself grounded I
feel like without that IRL communication
you can't consciously I kind of like
float like a balloon off into the abyss
and I and I and I I don't know how
really describe it or what it is but
like I feel like I get like very very
thin-skinned
but in the things I'm striving to you
now where I like I get hypersensitive to
critiquing and like I don't have like a
I don't have enough ego to like like
counter that and like most people by the
way this is almost everybody so this
isn't just like you or like a worthless
person or you can't deal with it or
whatever this is like the default human
condition okay
why do you feel that it is what is it is
it do you think it's the balance of
mystical communication with another
human being those are social animals or
what would be yeah I think I mean we're
I think we're a social species right
like we like we don't survive well on
our own we have like family units and
communities and stuff so like we're
probably pretty naturally wired to
to get feedback and to get affirmation
and stuff from people around us I would
imagine that if a bunch this is totally
this is some evopsych tier [ __ ]
Jessica's story speculation [ __ ] but
I would like imagine that if you had
groups of humans that were far less
sociable that that didn't like
communicate with each other but like
that that their chances of survival
would probably be far far less than
those that were so that is true yeah
yeah yeah then there's also cuz I
definitely I definitely feel bad dude I
know uh that's all a couple stays in the
past here about how we're currently
going through a quote-unquote loneliness
epidemic right now yeah that seems to be
the case yeah yeah where a lot of people
Africa it's like a it's like a very
alarmingly high amount of people um it
might be particularly Millennials and to
an extent like it's like millennia it's
like a uniquely a millennial and chinzy
problem with the you know if our
connected world here where they feel a
huge amount of loneliness I think it's
like I'll make a good number here but I
think it'll of em are being pretty
jarring it's like over half like 51
percent plus of of a certain demographic
for most particular study or report or
survey you'll like they are lonely yeah
Wiki and that seems this is anecdotal
but like that seems to be the case I
talked almost it seems like almost every
person I talked to around my age well
anyone for my 20 to 35 like has like
extreme problems with like feeling alone
or feeling isolated or feeling better
friends or can't meet people or just
feel even sad in general yeah yeah and
and I agreed this to be fair is very
very anecdotal um as far as like what I
can cite right now but uh I look back at
myself here and it's like I realized
yeah you know I had a pretty pretty
potent cycle a pretty potent circle of
friends in high school
oh then when I graduated high school you
know the the requirement everyone
meeting up arbitrarily for first school
kind of dive and then you know Mike Mike
Mike my friend group with from like
debatably like you know 30-plus before
like overnight amélie to four and then
within six months it was down to like
two only two from high school I really
retained speaking wish with everyone to
honestly and then I mean it's hard like
in high school you're given like a set
of activities to do every day with a
group of people to accomplish them with
every single day you have to be around
them and by virtue of that you're gonna
socialize with somebody unless you're
like super [ __ ] or something and then
um yeah but I mean like once you get it
up high school this is one of the things
this is why one of the big litmus test I
always have for people is like when
people tell me that their best years
were in high school I usually get like a
pretty sad picture of them not like
they're like a pathetic [ __ ] person
over but just like man your life must be
like really [ __ ] right now if those are
your best years and that seems to
usually be the case I like when your
best years are in high school you didn't
really have to figure
my child everything was kind of laid out
before you you had friends you had tasks
you had something to do every day to get
you purpose you were driven towards it
but then like once you get out of high
school it's kind of like leaving it's
kind of like leaving the first city in
like an open world like RPG and you
don't really know what to do next
like imagine going from like being on
brailles I guess like a lot of the Final
Fantasy games do this or at least Final
Fantasy 7 3 you spend a lot of time like
in the first city and it's on Rails and
you know what to do all the time and
then as soon as you leave you're unlike
an open-world map and you have no idea
what you're going to do now except in in
real life there isn't like an actual
mission or objectives so you're just
kind of there and if you don't have a
purpose
you're thought because you don't know
what to do you don't over go you don't
really have people that are assigned to
you to talk to you so you have to go out
make your own friends but you don't make
them in like an environment anymore
where you're forced to be around each
other so you have to like put effort
into everything everything just becomes
so much harder and open and you know
it's paralyzing yeah no you're the nail
in the head here actually with that one
the and I wonder how much that it's
actually the fact that you know how much
of high school was like really preparing
you for the real world like is there
like is there really any kind of classes
on like I don't want to say something is
like trivial is like friendship making
but I feel like I guess communications
right that's kind of what it's like
you're not really talking on occasions
in high school are you it's it's a
common I don't know like a
communications class is going to help
you like what you said this is more like
like a friend thing like it's a lot it's
it's different I don't wanna say more
complicated it's definitely different I
think one of the problems is it like
what an interesting question to ask
somebody is have we have we improved as
a society and we ask somebody that like
like over the past like 200 years and
usually when you ask somebody that
usually the question is like immediately
they'll say yes because it that seems
almost self-evident but if you ask
somebody ok well have we approved into
society if you set aside like say we set
aside social issues and say we set aside
and say we set aside technology so this
gets better like medical advancements
and [ __ ] would you still say that we've
like evolved as a society because when
you look at some of the basic things
like making friends or finding lovers or
treating your family better these aren't
really things that we focused on at all
as a society we don't really like teach
people or talk about like making better
friends or how to find people or how to
maintain our relationships like I don't
know if we've actually progressed at all
in these realms and if anything we might
have even regressed a little because
we're so focused on like other types of
stuff like making technological
advancements and medical advancements
and you know better computers and phones
in blah blah blah but we don't really
think about like the more fundamental
stuff because we kind of always took it
for granted yeah yeah but making a very
valid point here another observation I
have here is that so
the Gators are still pretty anecdotal
but yeah high school for me too little
too too and then I realized that yeah
all the friends I made pretty much the
last like 15 years have all been
coworkers I guess is that something
that's the natural like I guess think of
how things work now yeah there's always
like these weird pieces of advice that
float around like I hear people say like
in regards to for instance dating
coworkers people say like don't [ __ ]
what your work or whatever I don't know
who actually I don't know who makes that
advice that actually worked cause like
this just happens like your co-workers
will almost always like become your
friends or become your like dating
partners just because like by virtue of
spending that much time around someone
it's just like high school again like
you're bound to form relationships with
these people you almost have to and for
the people that don't it's this is I'm
going so anecdotal here I would be
interested it was important to notice
but the people that don't make friends
or lovers at their workplace the people
that don't do that because they don't
want a quote unquote show where they
work I don't know people that avoid that
but then have other relationships
outside of
work I don't think I've ever met a
person guy I have met a few people that
don't like to form relationships whether
it's friendships or romantic ones at
work I've met those who before but all
of them just seemed really lonely I
don't meet people like that who also
have a ton of relationships outside of
work it's a fair point I even go as far
as say yeah those who would do that I've
are they doing like blind dates
it's like a dated antiquated concept at
this point I would say look who's really
gonna go out for a zero overlap ice cold
blind day at this point by comparison
without some kind of like pre-existing
context to like meet the person yeah I
don't know it's like super anything but
then it might be I'm something there
this is like high high conjecture area
okay so okay what like it might even be
though that like the ability to filter
out like who we meet and everything
first I might actually be detrimental to
us like if I could go through on like an
app and I could choose like certain
people that I never want to meet like
maybe I might pick something like trump
supporter or maybe I'll pick something
like you know somebody who likes a
reality TV and by doing this I might
actually be filtering out a ton of
people that had I been forced to
socialize with them I might have clicked
with them really well anyway right like
there are a lot of friends that you meet
that like I'm sure even other friends
yeah well maybe yeah I'm not even
necessarily perspective there might be
friends that you had back in high school
that you look back on it was like man
like I bet like politically or ethically
or even in terms of interests we
probably didn't share as much as I would
normally demand if I was meeting like a
stranger you know that's very true and
that that will be that's something I've
considered in the evitable 'ti of the
future once we have like augmented
reality and I'm sort of derailed a
little bit right now but like you know
in the hypothetical future here let's
say you know 10 years from now we have
like Google glasses and there's like
every comparison I mean their own take
on the cool glasses and you'll be able
to like you know integrate social media
into it so you can literally give your
so you can give yourself tags you know
you can say destiny you know whatever
atheist high IQ I don't know whatever
the [ __ ] right and you know you can look
just like I do so I can just you know
tag take my tags and like you know
filter out the people I I don't want to
talk to or want to see so it like in a
dream scenario you can hear you're you
have your cafeteria tray you walk into
the cafeteria on your first day of like
I don't know Community College or
whatever right you have your Google AR
classes on and you can just see who is
in what
and you can determine what table you
want to sit at based off of that you
have a pre-filter game essentially and
I've wondered that there's like upgrades
that would be actually how much yeah one
thing that is very frustrating to me
because I'm like a big like I don't know
how to say like I'm a big data guy but
like I want to feel like every part of
the human condition can be like
quantified and analyzed that there's you
know things like love and all these
emotions can eventually be boiled down
to some to some type of like a molecule
err what everyone can be like
quantitatively measured instead of
qualitatively assessed even despite me
feeling that like there is still like
undeniably some aspects of meeting
people in real life that I can't find a
way to make this like reduce to paper
this even happened relatively recently
to me we're like oh there are people
that I know about like online and I've
even spoken to these people even on
voice before I've spoken to these people
and I just like for a variety of reasons
like I don't think I would ever be a
friend of this person I just don't not
at all but then once you meet them in
real life there's like there's some
qualitative aspect to that that it's
like wow actually I feel like I have a
lot of chemistry with you I don't know
why just I get that feeling I would
definitely hang out with this person or
be friends with this person and given
like an infinite set of online filters
to decide who I want to hang out with I
would never see a person like that
anyway you know which is which is
probably done it harm to me even though
I feel like I'm selecting for myself you
know personally it still seems like and
I say this a lot like it I think there
is something about real-life
interactions that I'm not gonna say it's
impossible to capture online but it just
hasn't been captured in online
interactions yet yeah no I agree with
that I mean have you have you taken a
communications course before now so
there's a totally fine there's like I
learned a lot actually it was a major
eye-opener for me it was a it wasn't a
lot of I took in my freshman year of
Community College like in 2008 and that
course it has a lot of common sense
things you can obviously read about in
Google about now but just begin the
course and got me woke to the fact that
you know we communicate around everyone
voluntarily or not whenever you're
whenever you're in your same physical
presence you know essentially I forget
the exact stat here but what 7% of what
you actually say is what you intend to
communicate and more of its based off of
like your tones be the delivery
and all the other bodily communication
realms and you're gonna use to like
convey how you feel you know so there
you go so that's why we when you use
purely text yeah it's like you know use
yeah this time yeah told my farthest at
her right well the point is yeah well
your brains taking in like just you know
hypothetically here ninety-three percent
more information when you're
communicating someone IRL then even when
we lose a lot of that when you do it on
on a digital now well what's even worse
and that is it's not like your it's not
like that information is missing when
you're doing it online you're actually
probably filling in a lot of it yourself
so you're making a lot of assumptions so
that I've been realizing it when you
talk to someone online about how they
are or the types of gestures they may be
making of a tone they have which can be
even more damaging and I'm sure like I
don't know if like here's like this is
like something I suggest which hurts for
a lot of people but like sometimes it's
really good if you have like
relationships and you have like a
problem sometimes it's really good to
actually talk about these even if it's
just over voice rather than doing it in
text because especially when someone is
in a bad mood they can read into a whole
lot of what you say in a really negative
way that you did intend it like all of a
sudden like harmless comments become
super passive-aggressive or like or like
random statements can become like
inflammatory or offensive and you don't
unions just because you're in a bad mood
and that's how you're interpreting
everything like yeah like actual voice
communication can you're completely
sorry
you're completely correct and I already
did that subconsciously already I
already would opt to like never engage
and heat a discussion over text because
I feel like my interpretations can be
lost real easily I have to do things in
person if it was something like really
big or whatever so you that's some very
very good advice I think that like any
anyone is currently in worship right now
whether it be romantically or whatever
should always like opt for that cuz that
you know communication can't be undone
that's it that was one of the big laws
that stuff over there
like you can't uncommunicative Emma D
let change the perception of things like
after the fact but it can't be undone
though it's really important to keep
that in mind and uh you know whether you
want to like fix things on some kind of
hindsight basis or if you want to just
you know go Yolo and not give a [ __ ]
about the reception sure do your thing
but I I agree with you definitely
anything major to be done in person with
that in mind
crap wasn't gonna stay here at all that
it [ __ ] somebody linked up it's
something like they can't build sketch
but like perfectly illustrates what I'm
talking about oh [ __ ] sorry good have
you say you're actually the UH even if
you're not you discussion here I feel
like there are certain certain common
text acronyms that are pretty
problematic to use now like like fYI and
IMO both to me kind of guilty yeah they
really give off a condescending or like
snarky tone when it when in actuality
like their acronyms supposedly don't
don't imply such but people take fYI I
am H Oh
so it's like I don't know like I've
never seen like a comment that Deus toes
and light wasn't interpreted like a
confident douchebag tone I guess yep
100% if I'm talking to somebody and
they're like hey do you want to try to
whatever like I'm gonna be out with some
friends later fYI like when I read that
and it tries really hard because I
usually know how they're using it but
like oh really
what for your information what so I need
to talk to you now or you like never go
to something again like what the [ __ ]
what do you mean like okay like chili
like it instantly goes to a really bad
place I read stuff like that yeah like
really hard to override exactly yeah if
I use IMO after I subconsciously want to
like dumb down or I can I like D
intensify that tone with like some other
filler words so just make that like like
I wanted to use IMO but I need to like
make that seem like I'm not being a dick
about it now though I mean there's other
acronyms to here but that is I you know
this is more of looking to point to you
the power of text and interpretation it
says it's shaky it's really really shaky
all the reason why again you know
talking in person is definitely the best
to get like a the most vivid direct form
of communication so yeah I agree that
something about it being in person just
really really powerful but but
continuing that though yeah I've been
I've been um I've been you know doing 50
plus days of streaming non-stop here my
skin is getting thin I'm kind of like a
balloon drifting away here and I'm just
like I'm wondering like okay well now
that I'm at this of this this level of
visibility with broadcasting
I wonder how other people do it and you
just happen to be the first person to
talk to you today about that
I was like kind of in my sad way feels
yesterday because I was I was a be
totally honest here I was reading some
uh I was reading some some YouTube
comments and III know it's YouTube
comments it got to me I was reading them
I haven't had any negative ones so far
here but the my last week videos I had
some admittedly was a minority of people
who were who were like upset about some
stuff and I was just like that took it
look a little way too literally
and I'm wondering here like what do you
what do you do I guess like one what's
your perspective on how to treat the
critique and validation of YouTube
comments and the opposite is your twitch
broadcaster so I know you understand
here that like it's a different thing
and not getting the elaborative context
of perhaps what you do on your own your
hours of life you refer to the edited
convinced form of your YouTube videos
what is your take on on their feedback
here and how do you file it and then how
do you like maintain your ego to not
like not get bogged down like a sad boys
feel whenever you perhaps admit that
there are some some legitimacy to their
comments critiquing so the most
important part ok so here's something
that I'm gonna caution you against
taking advice from anybody
I took me a long time to learn this I'm
gonna tell you everything that I tell
you today it might be totally worthless
I can tell you what I think is going on
in my head in terms of how I cope with
this stuff and why it doesn't bother me
but it's entirely possible that that's
just kind of like the way that I'm like
the way that I'm built and that's just
the way that I am and everything I'm
telling you only makes sense from like a
post-hoc point of view like of course
this works for me but that's because I
already have like the type of head where
it doesn't bother me so it's actually
not good advice or it's actually not
real advice I'm just telling you things
that sound good to me because I already
don't care that's like the first thing
I'll caution you against alright okay
yeah cuz it's possible that I've like
created to these rationalizations in my
head I'm like oh well huh this is why I
don't care but in reality me not caring
is like fundamentally rooted deeper
inside of me and I just am not aware of
it that's something that I'll start off
with okay okay
so like the way that I try to view this
the way that I look at this is that I
have in my opinion like the most
important thing is to have like a good
view of who you are what you want to do
and like where your strengths and
weaknesses are so like I think I have a
really realistic assessment of Who I am
of myself I think I know what I'm good
at I think I know what I'm bad at and
then I know like the areas that I want
to improve in so like the direction I
want to move forward I think as long as
you kind of like as long as you can hold
on to that and you kind of keep that
part of you that like it makes it so
that like outside comments are a little
bit easier to deal with or you don't
have to worry about it as much because
like you can read like horrible mean
comments you know over and over and over
again but as long as you have like a
good view of yourself and you don't let
other people to find you too much
becomes easier to deal with but for a
lot of people that's really hard because
it seems like like naturally a lot of
people want to take their their value
from other people and if that's like the
mindset that you're kind of in I think
that you're always gonna be like doomed
for online interactions insofar as I cut
a deal with like negative feedback in
terms of like actually parsing the
comments and figuring out like what you
do with them I think there's always
valid valid feedback when people make
comments even if they're horrible and
unconstructive because at the very least
if you see a lot of like a similar type
of comment you know that they're you
know that like something they're saying
is appealing to some matter of existence
so let's say that like somebody says
like let's say like let's talk about an
invalid one let's see everybody new
YouTube comments section is saying I
don't like trihex he's a thug all right
we're all Fox News viewers right even if
like that piece of advice is worthless
or racist or wrong it's at least
appealing to the underlying fact that
like oh hey like I'm black maybe right
so even though it seems like a worthless
comment at least you're aware of like
well what underlying fact is making
people have that opinion you know or
saying like when I do debates right
everyone's like always Adventure over
here of the left he just talks fast to
window mates blah blah blah it's like
even if I don't think I'd do that
there's a reason why people think I do
that and I need to be aware of that
reasons because I need to know like do I
want to change this or do I want to like
keep going with it I don't care about
the feedback about it right there's some
underlying truth there where I can glean
some useful information off of even like
non-cancer
active or toxic feedback right no you're
right yeah yeah knowing like what your
objective reality what you do versus
what is perceived by the masses it's
important to like change their
perspective right no I get that for sure
uh-huh um she wasn't gonna say about
that I'm sorry um I was going to say
that's really really good I agree with
you there oh yeah normally so in my head
when I was in the moment and I was
thinking about like why why I feel this
way how did I get myself in this like
pit of like you know of sadness and
despair over these like these negative
comments right but like for some reason
and I've gotten um before in the past
month or so but like this time it was
like so you know back to back to back
and maybe it was consecutive and like
maybe I was just tired and I let it get
to me here but I thought is it because
my current work-life balance is not good
enough obviously I'm assuming for 50
days straight I'm doing a [ __ ] ton of
sedentary activity lifestyle choices
right now I'm in this chair all damn day
I'm barely moving like Molly movements
really like you know I'll make a wall
from from the kitchen from the of my PC
chair to the refrigerator to grab grab a
snack and come back and continue
streaming I my walk by all I do now is I
walk my dog twice a day and that's like
a bit small on the amount of time I'm
currently moving I am easily the
unhealthiest I've been in the last
prager since I started working out in
2015 for 2014 and I'm like man oh how
did I do this before and usually I feel
like I had a stronger ego and again a
sense of identity because I worked out
like I worked out I felt good I knew I
was fit and then that that kind of gave
me the natural like I don't know I guess
endorphins released it like you know
good okay well you know I'm fit so or
I'm getting fit so I feel good so I
might my skin's not as thin to take
these like these critiques and like you
know make it a progressive improvement
rather than like well and feel defensive
subconsciously because I have to defend
how I'm trying my best here but I'm not
doing good enough it's kind of what it
feels like one thing that I one thing
that I noticed I learned this while
working at the casino is that like there
are multiple areas of your life that can
be in chaos or in flux or the kickin can
cause you a great amount of
dissatisfaction
and it's always good to have at least
like one or two areas of your life that
you can kind of retreat to that are
never in flux that will always make you
happy so like a good example of this in
a work environment is like sometimes you
can have shady [ __ ] customers that's
an understatement and customer service
sometimes gonna be [ __ ] bosses and
management but if you have cool
coworkers then you can that's like your
safe place to retreat to right horrible
[ __ ] customer comes in you get into
an argument with a shitty ass manager
comes in throws you the [ __ ] under the
bus you get [ __ ] but at the end of the
day you go to the back you you know
laugh about it with your employees like
[ __ ] the manager [ __ ] the customers [ __ ]
this place and y'all kind of like that's
like you're like secure safe space right
you retreat back to it and you're good
for other people sometimes this might be
like a relationship at home you go to
work you have a shitty day at work it
kind of suck to go home but hey at least
like the person you love is there and
you can spend some time together you can
invent a little bit you can go out to
eat you can do something to take your
mind off of it I think that like if for
you if something like your gym stuff if
that's like a safe retreat for you and
you've kind of thrown this to the
wayside and you've replaced something
that's like a really safe spot for you
with something that can be in flux then
you run the risk of that thing making
you unhappy or sad and now you have
replaced something that would like be
like a like like a rock for you to kind
of like build your emotional state off
of you've replaced that with something
that's no longer stable and then when
that thing goes bad now you're like holy
[ __ ] I'm [ __ ] miserable
and I feel like that might be one of the
reasons why I don't know how important
like the gym routine and that kind of
health stuff is to you but if that is
something that's important to you then I
mean I could see replacing that with
something less stable is be something
really bad so I guess a little bit of
context there would be that uh you know
I I miss working out I love working out
and more that I just needed more time to
do things because you know before before
the blow-up my youtube was irrelevant
essentially so it was just you know just
twitch grind but now I have like you
know more growth and everything else
that's now it's like you know it's it's
do the it's do the YouTube streams which
produced the content library my editor
to get the edit to get the the YouTube
editing content going and then maintain
and engage with my YouTube community as
well as my discord community as well as
my twitch chat and just like you know
I'm I'm being tripped a lot more thin
now
good I mean I'm in more demand which is
like you know what you want as a content
creator but I'm also like just really
strapped on time so it's like I was
aware that something had to go cuz
obviously you know as a content creator
the thing where most our most strapped
resources I would imagine would be time
it's always it's always time right so
yeah and in regards to that you know the
meal prepping cardio and Jim were all a
very expensive ask in relation to like
me doing my job optimally as a content
creator so I thought okay well I'm gonna
grind hard zone get Mari maker you know
I get smart maker virality like you know
once every couple of years or however
long or you know whenever is going to
happen right it's like one of my bread
and butters essentially it's like
essentially the equivalent of you
getting a provable to the bait bin
shapiro like you get this like you're
gonna you know the minute you get
greenlit to actually have been confirmed
of debate you you're gonna like
literally you might even go afk for two
weeks or just like you know
comprehensive appear for this debate to
absolutely annihilate him
hypothetically so you know it because
you cuz you know that the payoff there's
going to be like amazing so in that
regard for me I knew that if I like cut
off Jim to maximize my time it's like
cut off its more guy I don't so I have
the time ago to gentleman at this point
to maximize having a month a fuckload of
time dedicate to everything I want to do
eventually I can stabilize later on here
which my goal there was just to like you
know I'm I wanted to like kind of grind
hard until twitchcon like my first real
break would be when I attend twitchcon
and then after that I want to I
definitely want to slow things down have
a more appropriate work-life balance
where like where I resume gym and not do
these marathon unhealthy binge streams
and kind of like you know make things a
little more balanced there in case
you're one answer is more of a context
builder that yeah I'm grinding right now
but I don't plan I'll make this a
sustainable long term and I know where
the other thing is healthy at all and
they even hey just be careful you don't
want to do like permanent damage to the
way that you view the stream stuff so
for instance if you're so miserable now
and you try to grind this out for a few
weeks and then you like take a break on
it you might come back and never really
enjoy it the same way again because you
might build like such a negative
association with it I would be careful
of that but I don't know I like but the
how much you'd have to [ __ ] yourself to
do that but like I think that like
people can burn out on streaming by
going too hard sometimes as well a lot
of people just like start to stop
streaming and stuff but
well okay well okay well okay this might
get too so Mike really nitty-gritty then
but like I will admit here here's a
super anecdotal thing that may become
some insight on you you went to you know
Europe and Sweden and Germany and all
that for like two weeks right
how do you find comfort and just like
going like just just leaving the stream
environment for two whole weeks that's
like two weeks that's like 126 of the
year that's like a yeah that's what it
wasn't really really really hard it's
not good okay so it was a pleasant thing
for you in terms of like the stress of
the opportunity cost kind of yeah but
like I also like I have the mindset
where like I like to work all the time
and I like lots of conflict all the time
like but that but that I think I'm like
relatively unique there I don't know why
I just it's the way that I am so yeah so
for me like I always want to be
streaming or I always want to be
fighting with people or I always want to
be doing something related to my career
like I like doing that 24/7 I'm always
on my phone I'm always doing emails I'm
always doing discord messages warm
streaming or I'm preparing for the next
stream or debate or something right now
yeah that's that's kind of a that's the
flow I've been in lately actually I'm
just like you know I I've genuinely been
really engaged I've actually been for
the first time in a very very very long
time actually been playing games off
stream been at all interesting because
in mark maker you can you can you can
build levels you know you can make them
as well as play them so I've been making
levels off stream and it's been very
pleasant it's something I haven't had it
started usually whenever I'm in a
typical broadcast environment for me
it's like I reserved all game playing at
stream content but ever like really game
off stream which i think is probably a
red flag of like distant between like
pleasure and work at some point but uh
yeah but yeah now like I'm like it's a
way healthier I've never been at this
point before and in the foreseeable
while here that I actually uh or the
recallable while here to want to do this
I think I'm doing better on that fund
right there
but here's a red flag though it was like
I I was walking my girlfriend walking my
dog with my solution airy thing you know
Internet Kiki [ __ ] no I
I am we we were I was walking my talk my
girlfriend uh one night at some point
last week here and I was telling her the
idea that way maybe we can go to UM you
know because she has a she's in she's a
full-time student right now so whenever
spring semester comes around or whatever
winter break happens we should go do
something nice you know so I was
thinking okay maybe we can go to Disney
World
then I thought well [ __ ] dude if I'm
drowning right now and I afford a week
off should I do like three weeks off
don't even go at all like I I kind of
caught myself like really like hesitant
to commit even to telling her like yes I
agreed at Disney World we should go do
that or do something cool like you know
we can go flat our land oh and like do
something cool out there but like how
long can I go and how much of it could I
really enjoy and not like feel the guilt
and the burn of like the opportunity
cost of maintaining the Empire I built
that's quite that's what it feels like I
don't like anything like better bridge
like the the mental thing of like I
should give myself breaks but I should
do you want to maintain what I have so
far I'm not really sure how to how to
how to really address that that well
mentally I was kind of like I was kind
of wondering about comparison like what
you did like how you told yourself yes I
deserve to take this two-week trip to do
things because it's gonna like you feels
like an anti burnout thing or you just
or was it like something extreme no I
had some really dumb like big personal
personal issues that came up that's
that's why I did it
otherwise I don't think I ever would so
I'm not a good person to ask on that
taking like a long trip seems like
really painful if I can't find a way to
stream it and even on the thing that I
did like I still try even when I did
take that big personal vacation I tried
to find a way to roll a business
opportunity into it I got that other
company to sponsor me with like that kit
that I could try like mobile streaming
and whatnot okay yeah it's kind of how I
was looking at her too like I have to
usually every trip I take is in the end
it ends up being a business trip
they even twitchcon is like a super I
have like means out the wazoo planned I
have a bunch of shrimp land it's
actually though it's funny because like
it's supposed to it will be ultimately
an unlined thing for me and I do enjoy
having the the confidential off-the-grid
non dm's non backtracked
handed
non superscripted presentable versions
of conversations with other streamers
who understand what I'm going through
that feels very rejuvenative and
pleasurable but obviously I'm also doing
a [ __ ] ton of meetings and work at
twitchcon because you know for switch
power players so we're obviously in art
it's all in our element to like engage
with these like opportunities and figure
out you know where I'm taking my stream
next year and try to like pre-plan as
far as I can for any kind of future
opportunities and innovations to keep
myself relevant uh-huh
so but yeah it's kind of it's it's
mostly business it is some pleasure but
definitely like not like what I'm quote
pleasure pleasure it's more of a
rejuvenative mental health anti burnout
kind of thing I gotta really it's like
I'm gonna go into San Diego for
twitchcon and like I'm gonna go to the
beach like I'm like I'm gonna barely be
getting asleep there it's gonna be like
a five-hour night kind of thing between
the you know the discord party and you
know a very eventful day one day two and
day three uh-huh
oh so yeah I hear you on that one now
usually whenever I travel it's usually
got to be business related or else it's
not like or else is a vacation if it's a
vacation I gotta be mentally prepared
for like you know the the slump that
will come from being inactive if I ever
choose to completely be inactive you
know the city of viewers and subs and
everything else
yeah and streaming is kind of unique in
that like you can't just leave it and
come back and make the same amount of
money like if you leave you're losing
like every day you're gone and on
streaming you're kind of like losing out
on that right yeah yeah it's a boy it's
a unique thing it's something I didn't
really I didn't really consider like
whenever I got partnership in like June
2013 like it's really funny because I
actually live here it's about you to
here but uh just to give you a framing
on talking about here the um I started
brot I started streaming in February
2011 right I was on Twitch day one when
it debuted June 2011 or approximately
June 2011 I think it's whenever it's
switch to twitch.tv and I didn't get
partnership until June 2013 and for
context there I got the trihard emote
November 2012 ACK I got the global emote
before I got the sub button to give it a
that's how crazy this uh
process wasn't getting the sub button
back then it was like you know it was a
really really big deal like you pretty
much
had to have 500 viewers average to eat a
sub button like back in the gap y'all
like it was like a huge vanilla wad of
yours
yeah oh yeah oh yeah if you had you feel
it if you had a quadrature view count
man you were a god you were like clearly
the top 0.1% like you guys ought to stay
like in 2012 like like a quart unquote a
little was formed for viewers like if
Street Fighter 4 it forms reviewers are
like oh [ __ ] do this like a major
tournament going on right now what's
going on here dude it was crazy and so
but the point is though is that like
whenever I would stream before 2 sub
button I didn't have this overwhelming
amount of like guilt and obligation I
felt to like you know to to appease my
my paying loving support my monetary
support and then once the button once I
got the sub button it was like oh wow
well this feels different like I recall
it the first and I wanted to take a day
off on a day that I could stream just to
like on wine and like chill or whatever
because I was being still a part-time
student at that time and I was like ooh
dude this uh and it feels really guilty
right now I in this connect feeling
kinda has never really left but I didn't
know what I was getting into but it's
kind of like you know the you know the
post the post here as you might guess
here I don't know really apparently put
it I'm not an I think of like I felt
like I'm a telling mom I couldn't think
of like how to like you know okay it
can't be undone you know this is like
the once you hit yes and on the sub but
and this is like what it uh what it
feels like now and I can't ever undo it
you know you can't you can't undo what
you know when you hit the yes button on
that on that bomb so I'm so I could
think of like a more tasteful metaphor
I'm sorry about that I miss I'm
wondering here like did that ever affect
you did you ever stream before monetary
support and did you feel a transition
whenever you had that support at that
point um no it's felt like I guess like
I said like the way that I kind of view
it is it like if people are something to
me I figure it's because they appreciate
me and they like my content which feels
good but I mean I don't think I owe
anything to my viewers only they owe
anything to me I would just hope that
the people that star by doing so because
they like what I do and then that's like
that is the extent of our relationship
like if I'm gonna take a break I'm gonna
take a vacation or I'm gonna be off
doing something else I'm gonna play
League of Legends you know I'm doing
something at the time that they don't
like then they're free to sub to
somebody else or not sub to me or not
watch me that's fine I
up that trade-off if I'm doing something
else I have to do right you can't force
people to watch me and then that's just
kind of how I do it yeah okay I when you
start reviewing yourselves as having
like I'm like obligations to your
viewers I think you put yourself in a
really bad place because you start to
get into the squared thing where it's
like what do I owe my viewers and like
am I making a mistake by playing the
wrong type of game or something like
this because it really worries me I
think you were hitting the nail so hard
in the head here that was me
big-time in 2015 that was mark maker 1
that was me hardcore and I think I was
in a very very uh I think I was in a
very very bad spot mentally with that
one that's kind of why I fell apart
um do I fell apart so hard dude like a
um I don't think want to hear more about
that uh well before we continue here
actually because we're I think we're
almost at an hour now here is more the
topics we'll talk about today or do you
mind just continuing Dobby my brother's
gone go for it [ __ ] it dude I'm glad a
glad y'all aren't doing this by the way
the UH
by the now yeah that that obligation and
that guilt can kind of paralyzed and um
you and the issue I had in 2015 with
this was the fact that I uh you know I
went from being a 700 viewer streamer
average back in 2015 when Marta makers
blew up on me I became like Amelie like
a 4k viewer overnight and then an 8k
viewer streamer or essentially a two and
a half months straight until I took a
break cause I was so burnt out on the
whole thing but I was doing like
incredibly unhealthy things I'm doing a
better balance now but back then I was
doing like legit 16 to 18 hours daily my
schedule got so [ __ ] cuz I was just
continually pushing in you know three
hours in one direction day by day to the
point where I was uh I was on ironically
waking up at 3:00 a.m. and I was a you
streamer because I had stayed up every
day late for so long consecutively to
the point where it got it got so bad
there was actually a point where I was
waking up at like 7:00 p.m. the wrong
way like just that's how [ __ ] up my
sex chamber hours oh my god dude and
it's it was crazy because there was
actually a and the worst of it there was
a point where I didn't talk to anybody
for like
three days like he was like literally I
woke up alone streamed alone you know
broke through a frozen pizza in the oven
ate that alone streamed alone and was
alone alone alone alone alone like no
IRL feedback whatsoever roommates were
completely passed out my door was closed
I never spoke with it was I was just
streaming all [ __ ] day and it was
getting pretty surreal dude I realized I
was kind of like trapped my own thoughts
and I saw like one negative Twitter
comment I would like let it really get
to me like whatever cropped my felt
yesterday it was like that times a
hundred then because I was like so a not
used to it and be I don't know very very
very isolated I felt at that time well
in any ways though the uh yeah I'll let
the view count I'm kind of like be my
only metric I pay attention to I was
like okay with the view counts dropping
I'm doing something wrong like I would
overemphasize the view count and not pay
attention to like you know the quantity
of act of chatters or density of
subscribers who were like you know
enjoying the stream and getting their
feedback I would ignore everything else
and look at view count view count view
count because like I think a very very
terrible habit to have is it's a
broadcaster cuz it's all but miss many
reasons beyond your control wife you
count could decline but I would see that
and so I would only do the thing that
was the maximum viewer retention which
was the highest variety of stuff which
was playing the the super expert memory
just like playing a bunch of levels
back-to-back minimal commentary minimal
personality injection just just do more
gameplay and keep the viewers there and
it was a little bit and he got it got
very very boring because it was the same
like same stuff over and over again
ultimately and I got kind of like burnt
out on it well the problem is here is I
invested in that and did this like a
solid year and a half straight and then
eventually whenever I got completely
burnt out I just I could not could not
find any [ __ ] to give to play this game
anymore the way I was playing it I was
done the viral wave of my maker was over
and I had long since um I was burnt out
on Mario maker I was burnt out on
Yoshi's Island him I use played before
that and so I had nothing you know I
grew up issues Island and I explode off
of Maury maker and both options to me
were completely boring and numbing and I
didn't know where to go so like by
February 2017
had nothing dude I felt like I had to
add a few count that was slumping I had
a sub combat was slumping I felt I had
an irrelevance that was diminishing I
thought that was effectively getting fan
oast and I didn't know I know what to do
and it was just that that was really
really scary I'm kind of wondering like
I guess that's what you the story here
because you mentioned here that the
don't don't put your weight in the view
count but I was kind of want to tell you
like a cool bowl think about how I've
gotten better since then cuz that's that
was you know I am where I am now because
I learned from from that experience to
like gotta do more than just review
count you got to do more about the
metrics you gotta like I don't know I
guess like have self-love or healthier
evaluation of like how your she was
performing to like mm-hmm not go insane
yeah for sure I mean this is kind of why
like I was having such Korean times and
I say to a lot of people I usually try
to maximize for what I find most
enjoyable when I stream I don't usually
do the things that like people want to
say like I know my view counts for thing
I do I think that's important to know
but like I'm not always going to do the
thing that gives me the highest view
count yeah okay I don't know what's now
it's gonna ask you okay well how do you
um was there a point where you um did
you always play like League and
minecraft these other like things that
like seemed more like like you know a
happy you time then say like the the I
guess the debate prep or or debate yeah
I do whatever I want to do all the time
on my stream always is never an
exception unless maybe I'm like running
like an hour sponsor thing or something
but yeah okay so you always did has
never a transition to where you opted to
do that it was always that oh yeah I was
always whatever I wanted to do and I
think yeah yeah damn dude [ __ ] [ __ ]
you know a big brother in chat dude
alphas [ __ ] dude get off the junk I
guess that's different because of how
how how I've gotten streamers how you
got in streaming actually maybe by god I
got in through speedrunning and then
there was like a you know I speed ran
offline and there was an avenue to speed
run online can your mom again actually
how did you um I know that you had the
whole like casino job into some other
[ __ ] here but how'd you get into
broadcasting again they see this my my
friend Kyle said [ __ ] I wish I actually
I don't actually remember how this
started so I kind of make this whatever
I'm pretty sure maybe gave Calvary him
anyone but I'm pretty sure he literally
like suggested one day I think he said
something like they're like these Korean
people
sometimes they try to do this live
streaming thing and you should try it
and I looked into it and liked the
software challenges to get everything
working we're like pretty substantial
and there was no documentation anything
and getting everything to work was like
really hard so I enjoyed that aspect of
it because I like I have a decent like
software background like I know how to
make sure work um at least compared to
others cheering's it's not like I dug
into that a lot and I like threw
together like this hodgepodge of
software to get [ __ ] working and then I
think I've always been like pretty funny
to play games with like um like playing
games like after school like in the
hallway we put like Tekken and [ __ ] and
like people usually seem to enjoy that
experience like playing games I could
talk a lot of [ __ ] everything it's a lot
of fun and so yeah I think that like
from there I was like okay yeah [ __ ]
I'll try the streaming thing and then I
just you know started working with it
and then the industry kind of grew and
then I kind of grew alongside it and
that's how it started off in the early
days yeah okay it's interesting and so
that's very uh I mean you couldn't be
i'm debatably further apart now and
that's like a really a nonchalant thing
for you or me was like the dislike a
completely different thing because i was
actually getting burnt out on
speedrunning I uh
get to the point I was getting a
diminishing return on it because of you
know by this point you know I was at the
cannot the cross was ready to figure out
okay am I gonna pursue a career path am
I gonna like actually take this like
Chili's restaurant thing seriously and
you know can I pursue higher employment
at a fortune 500 company and like have a
bang a resume and get and do the
corporate ladder climb and all the other
horseshit there am I gonna take this
seriously and you know and like stop
pussyfooting around being a part-time
student part-time waiter full-time
depressed and just like drop the waiter
job actually have a full focus on the on
the academic climbing you know just cave
in bend over lube up and get a student
loan and like you know do that and do
that do the Depp grind I guess oh yeah
my life was already over by the time I
started looking at streaming I lost my
job with a casino that I had spent so
much time on I'd failed school to
maintain it so I was already [ __ ] lost
everything so I was unemployed I think
when I started living off my 401k from
the casino and I was just and I kind of
streamed him like the time I had there I
got really lucky because Starcraft 2 was
like the game that was like big coming
up and I was a Starcraft player so it
was an actual extension for me to jump
into Starcraft 2 and then yeah
okay yeah yeah I was a [ __ ] dude and
then yeah streaming became it was it was
a thing I I didn't even exist that's a
funny part like I didn't know it existed
until literally January 2011 I'm like oh
cool what's thing well yeah I mean even
in 2013 people did know stream movies it
was still really small even today to
some extent it's it's getting there it's
pretty big now actually I wonder what
the like the 50% mark or whatever is but
maybe most people know about streaming
now but yeah even back like in 2013 in
2014 when we felt like it was exploding
because MLG's had all these people were
to write it most people said no [ __ ]
idea what the [ __ ] streaming was you
know this is a good good point to bring
up right now super anecdotal obviously
here but I would I would say that the
the catalyst that made streaming blow up
to a more mainstream accessibility me
was the 2014 2014 was the year where I
believe both both modern consoles the
Xbox one and the ps4 had twitch apps on
them by the vault and that and that led
to you know a huge boom of all the vini
like savvy modern eighth generation
console gamer being exposed relatively
close to the twitch ecosystem at that
point
uh-huh um which fun fact by the way if I
want to remind you here initially the
ps4 launched with a Ustream as their
streaming platform or choice here but
that partnership fell apart really
quickly and twitch promptly replaced it
like a couple months later yeah I
remember I found a new stream for a few
months actually my page might still be
up on Ustream Stephen underscore bono
underscore I I use your ear anyway we
mekinese to actually you streamed TV TV
I don't know [ __ ] I don't see any well
maybe it's not up any working on Ustream
yeah what is it what the [ __ ] is this a
with IBM gone out up anymore maybe it's
IBM cloud video now wait what
Oh doesn't exist anymore video that's
been that was literally Thanos that's
not even a website be more holy [ __ ]
yeah and then there is that and then
there was a I think livestream calm that
branding and they still failed but
that's the first I think I screamed on
that was back when um you had to
download like a little flash broadcaster
to help you um before these other
programs started to allow you to wait
you could only remember to I Canada 300
kilobits per second it was it was an
Adobe FML II full media that was even
before our flash media live encoder
before that
yeah that's eventually if you wanted to
be a high quality streamer you'd stop
using their built-in little Java
programs or whatever and you switch over
to Adobe Flash media live encoder I am
dude are these things were like hyper
scuff dude I remember there were like
threads on certain like video production
forms are alike oh man you'll never need
more than 150 kilobyte kill a bit uh a
kilobyte per second of bandwidth or
whatever it was it was hyper scuff dude
yeah oh wait here it is we found it oh
yeah I was destiny dashes zero
oh probably his destiny was taken wait
wait wait
you stream dot TV slash
Sheila / this is a starcraft issuing for
destiny from the North American sir
right so you can wash it directly from
my website at Steven - bono - aye-aye
comm / Swaggart - sorry oh I built that
whole site myself I had the little
notepad files and everything I did all
the HTML and CSS on my own by hand
without dream we were anything those are
the days I offer one hours worth of
lessons for $20 and accept paypal for
payments Oh
I must have wrote I must have written
this probably nine years ago to do I
can't I'm jelly do yours works I can't I
can't find mine I have no clue of mine
is
had a Ustream though the only reason I
used a Ustream by the way because I
could have been I coulda been on
justin.tv like you know wait like you
know months earlier and have like a big
reflect so I'm like well my account was
created um was purely because just the
TV's viewer counter was garbage like
super garbage and like it wouldn't like
it often wouldn't update for upwards of
like 10 minutes back then though you
streams the counter was a little more
active even if it came with a bunch of
other like [ __ ] that was he that was
purely the reason why I'm like there was
like nothing to do anything else here
like people don't know like back in the
back in the wild wild west
I don't know there was like what what's
that games like my freecams versus
Ustream versus Justin TV versus some
other should there was like so many my
free cans exist yeah I could be wrong
but well there were it was like it was
livestream Ustream and Justin TV I think
with the big players and then owned
eventually popped up but um it seemed
like Ustream tried to gear itself more
towards real life stuff like like they
got I think NASA NASA and [ __ ] to sign
on for their stuff I remember they were
doing launches a long time ago people
thought that was really cool I don't
know what I think live stream have some
celebs that would try to like stream
like for 20 minutes and do random [ __ ]
and then justin.tv kind of started to
orient itself towards gaming which was
strange considering it started off with
a guy that just wanted to record his
whole life the Justin guy yeah oh Xfire
was there in the early days as well I
didn't do anything extra I don't know
anything about that so but I think it's
owed I started on
um yeah that's crazy dude um yeah well
thank you again dude that was a I think
that was um everything there like I just
kind of want to hear your take on like
how you deal these problems and try to
solve them I'm gonna do better on that I
might actually um I might like take more
it's not make them better ever just like
get back in gym soon cuz uh I do miss it
and I do enjoy it and it was like some
really potent me time and just do a
better job balancing so I think if I
like bring uh I bring a more positive
energy to the stream you know rather
than mutant I'm kind of fall for his
colleagues at the grind monkey mentality
just like I needed like just grind grind
grind and cover all my time zones and
just like be live as often as long as
possible doing [ __ ]
I've almost kind of like a zombie like
slogging through it then that's
definitely an issue in fact yeah I even
caught some days where I'm sorry I mean
I don't mean to cut you off here I even
had some days we're like bro I wake up I
feel like total [ __ ] I I don't even feel
like a human until I said till I shower
like sometimes you can wake up refresh
but like it's like it's like a it's like
a really shitty like work they have to
like wake up and I'm completely like I
feel like I'm covered in like aids until
I take a shower and like then I feel
like decent it was even though I still
have like some somewhat like red eyes or
whatever and then um uh I gotta like
crank red ball or some kind of caffeine
to like feel human at that point and
then I'm literally like I'm yawning in
the first hour of being live sure Oh
like you bringing that up like you right
now yeah a separate ten hours okay I'm
still waking up
now I do I've been there I think it's
really important to have something I've
stressed this in the past although this
might I don't know this is good advice
might just be that I'm anti-social I
don't think I am but like I think it's
really good to have something that you
can fall back on that makes you happy
that doesn't require another person so
that it's like an incredibly stable
thing so like for me I really like music
like no matter what's going on
especially like in the poor or more
[ __ ] times of my life no matter what's
going on I can always like play my
keyboard and nobody can really take that
from me like music is never gonna have a
bad day or be grumpy with you or upset
at something or traveling something
right like so like if gym stuff is
similar to you like that's like a nice
thing but like no matter what's going on
you can always just like chill there and
nothing can stop that or no one nobody
can take that from you or there's no
reason why you can't have like that
little place of solitude or whatever no
you definitely write about that and this
is some things I've definitely said
Nanshan before about my perspective on
gym it's you know that it's like a
temple of self-improvement and that you
know there's you know there's no such
thing as a bad day when you go to gym
because you went an attempt to better
yourself and you know further yourself
towards your full potential and blah
blah blah stuff like that you know and
even if you have a bad day the gym a bad
gym day is better than uh no gym day so
I can't even I came and I can't imagine
what a bad gym date would be um
sometimes you go and you're like you
your lives there [ __ ] for that day for
whatever reason you didn't get up sleep
you didn't eat well enough whatever you
like you should be putting up yours but
you're not but like even on those days
like unless you worked out instead of
doing nothing right you know actually
I've never I it's funny because I feel
like I have trouble like separating
performance from like self-worth in a
lot of things but I've never had that
issue in gym or if I if I do like
quote-unquote not lift better or not
like you know make a pee-pee on a day
that should be making like should be
shattering plateaus I'm just like now
yeah I'm probably not you know eating
clean enough or getting enough sleep is
usually something that can I can fall
back on and typically blame it on cuz
usually it's like you know working out
optimally usually comes in opposition of
like streaming optimally I don't know if
I can find it to like kind of bridge
together always finding like an
opposites essentially um and I never had
that issue to actually where I have to
look on my good I've got a bad day I've
always had a good day
I don't know like maybe it's because
like I've always liked because I've
worked you know I'll come stream on a
post-workout buzz and I feel great I
always feel great now the side effect
decided up eating allowed on stream like
when I was like you know taking her and
I was doing about 2,800 calories a day
on these I would go Jim like I would do
lower calorie and take on on no non Jim
days but like Jim days and I come live
and I stream you know typically I've
only had two of the four to five meals I
would eat at that time daily so it was
like I would I would be I end up eating
like essentially like every hour because
I'd be like starving dude I get done to
Jim and I've like I have like to have
the smoothie that to chug down and then
like an hour later I'm hungry and then
an hour later I'm hungry again and then
now that you're hungry again but I kind
of have to kind of like wine down to
like not have like a calorie excess
right we're gonna pass out for sleeping
later on a day
No twenty hundred calories and uh in one
day time not that one meal I mean you
can probably go to your your favorite
fast restaurant and probably easily
achieve twenty hundred calves in one go
if you really really wanted to damn
maybe you can chill oh oh putting a
thousand calories away for a Milla 2008
re calories oh man if I had to guess you
okay like a UH okay so like maybe if I
were to go to a bakery like twenty
croissants or some [ __ ] okay okay so
like if I recall correctly like a double
Quarter Pounder meal is like sixteen
hundred calories so like I'm not saying
it wouldn't it would be funny as much
food at one time here but you know you
do double Quarter Pounder or Lord Frey I
don't know like what ten nuggets acts I
don't know if I could actually finish a
double quarter-pounder with cheese like
the whole burger and I'm pretty sure
that the burger on its own is around
like 700 calories double quarter pull
the froth is really the fries the fries
are the real yeah if you want to go like
if you want to cheat and do like massive
[ __ ] carbs like I could probably eat
over a thousand calories and french
fries yeah I could probably eat like
like I'm I go to a bakery and I'm
getting like bread like croissants I
could probably do it there maybe am
because like I think I see what Kristen
is like 350 calories with some shoulds
yeah it's crazy man the know that we're
pivoting topics now I actually like this
right here the uh man when I whenever I
was doing it the one thing I really had
to let go at you with cereal because I
saw how I did up that [ __ ] like years
ago and yeah you have to well the
problem is for me is it was a chocolate
staple because you know omegle all
American children knowing how to cook
anything I am well when you wake up and
you eat Sarah yeah it's part of your
Dania yeah well not just wake up it was
wake up it was man and that's before bed
oh it was everything new girl from
school boom hits a cereal bowl right
away dude everytime and it's good as
[ __ ] to cereal is [ __ ] awesome but I
have anything cereal in years it's so
bad it's such a waste of calories and it
is it is uh it is so dense in carbs and
so minimal nutrition that it's so it's
an excuse [ __ ] well all that well to be
fair all the good ones are but you can
definitely you can get around that but
like who the [ __ ] eaten cereal for the
you know convenience not the [ __ ]
taste of it right I know that's the
problem there so in my head alright so
here's how I worked out here um I had
the ditch cereal pretty much by 2017
whenever I was I started doing Mac
wasn't realize how like how expensive of
and asked they are and the issue there
is that like okay if you can get a
cereal that is low in sugar high in
protein high in fiber and low in carbs
then you're good but the problem is
there have you had those before but the
series a series to do that I think
they're series that are like that that
are high like in protein and fiber low
in sugar but oh man dude it's like the I
don't even know how to like when you eat
into them it feels like you're eating
like dried breadcrumbs a styrofoam box
dude this is like yeah it's like
[ __ ] I wonder if I can find somebody's
like Kellogg's some of the Kellogg's
like healthy cereals like our tastes
pretty good I don't I never checked like
there your nutrition stuff or like
Raisin Bran it's like ok but the watch
out ok brought the the exact one that
people fall for a trap believe it or not
raisin bran is loaded and added sugar
it's actually one oh yeah that wouldn't
surprise me I'm sure it has some added
things and I get a little bit better
than nobody even is I don't think it's
healthy but the Bing is comically so
high and added sugar to make it taste
quote-unquote guys how how how people
want to taste yeah passable hit the
Bliss point yeah it's funny like if
you've ever tried cereals like have you
ever tried fiber one before I haven't
known before wasn't it like I bought cuz
I was like okay you know what cuz I
think I checked this I was like this
actually like it looks like it has some
decent [ __ ] in it and I tried to buy
like here I'll link it to you I don't
know Joe's for oh god it's so bad I
couldn't do it like two bowls of this
and I threw the rest of it like I can't
do this yet I can't do it
baby fiber warm what you mean baby
oh my god dude
no no okay so the thing I did was
alright so I tried really hard right I'm
gonna people want me to get a cereal
that is okay so it's gonna be high in
carbs no where's no really way around
that due to the nature of how cereal is
but I can find one that is a the best in
protein loaded and loaded in fiber and
minimal and sugar and I can get carried
if I you know use if I put like you know
maybe like a peanut butter flavored
protein powder in my cereal milk and
then let that kind of be my mic my
clutch to make it like as nutritionally
optimal as possible and even then do
when I was doing the macro so get the
carrot to get the carbs and intact it's
bad man like mashed potatoes and cereal
they are so bloated in carbs that it was
just like I couldn't justify it I have
to like I'd have to like cut carbs out
of almost every meal essentially to
justify a balance with the existence of
cereal of mine that my daily intake it's
just so expensive that I couldn't
justify it unfortunately yeah but but
that's me I don't love it though
obviously like I was tell you before
here I dude I was a as a kid out dude
that's a kid hope things have gotten
better now for American children this
point because like as a kid dude hey I
never knew that like I don't even know
that bad food existed dude I didn't know
that there was like a thing you know
like I would do I would I would do like
you know four cans of sprite a day
didn't give a [ __ ] at all didn't even
know that you know soda was bad for you
didn't know that I needed water didn't
know purpose water has it's not work
well like was a generic juice how old
are you again I'm thirty we grew up dude
yeah we grew up with the mother [ __ ]
food pyramid you remember that [ __ ] dude
right it's so oh my god like eight
servings of bread per day it was like
the considered like healthy forget it
was so stupid oh my god and crazier is
you think about the fact that the food
pyramid didn't get replaced with the
with the dinner plate from Michelle
Obama
until what 2010 I do like that I guess
even a decade-old the replacement here
like food pebble was still relevant like
10 years ago it was so I wonder if I
couldn't even find like an old picture
of this oh my god it was so [ __ ]
horrible
oh yeah it's it's it's terrible - it's
terrible
I think I found one here
this is
yeah I think I got you right here
oh I can't tell how many of these are
older new yes and this one might be
modified but this one looks a this one
looks pretty pretty Pepe gonna be
I remember looking at this [ __ ] I
couldn't even tell you could eat this
much in a day bread cereal rice and
pasta 6 to 11 servings per day what the
[ __ ] how do you eat that much vegetable
group three to five servings for group
two to four servings idea yeah I don't
know holy [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
yeah this is this is like
laughably bad here there's also the fact
that uh what was what was it softly the
time whenever like fat was demonized
right like all fat like NFL like well
this was because back in our day I don't
know if this was what the science said
or this is just the popular should I
heard eating cholesterol gives you
cholesterol which is not true and eating
fat makes you fat which is also not true
like the two like so like there were
like a lot of like low
I think [ __ ] somebody cracked my wrong
weren't there like low fat high carb
diets back in the day didn't people do
this [ __ ] like there was like a lot of
like really dumb [ __ ] that we said like
passed around as a conventional like
health advice and stuff it was so
horrible
holy [ __ ] yeah don't forget the fart
here by the way that the uh I believe
starting in the late 80s early 90s they
demonized fat but it was an effort to
pivot away from actually shaming the
real thing which was sugar sure yeah I
heard that it like sugar lobbies and
stuff would push for people told yeah
well cuz what you saw was um again in
the I believe in the late eighties here
you saw the introduction of a fat-free
products you saw those yeah that was a
Hugh I don't think I see that used to be
huge
yeah reduce fat Oreos reduce fat XYZ and
your sleigh okay well em well how come
how come reduce fat Oreos it's tell vast
amount of calories there yeah you and
you find out that they just you know
they just freakin add in a fuckload more
sugar to minimize it to mask the taste
of whatever they to do to chemically
engineered to be lowered fat hmm you
know totally totally fine by the way
just oh my god Omega wall I mean I'm
asking it really like a cake on a
question here like dude does like
fat-free reduced fat whose Dulce do
these even exist outside USA this is
only the USA a thing or to do other like
is our FDA still comically inadequate
that they can just like get away that
kind of [ __ ] or do other coming to other
regions have like higher regulations to
like not have that kind of stuff
well so one I don't know - I don't think
the FDA was the fault of like reduced
red stuff right the FDA is just supposed
to make sure like food is like safe for
not killing or some [ __ ] I don't think
it like regulates our diets to be okay
I would say you're right you're fair
that's a fair point
however they are 100% like tied to
coca-cola and Nestle at this point now
the FDA really Ojo dude yeah you need to
look into that he had Nestle
particularly Pepsi coca-cola and Nestle
or the earth apparent company Owens
Nestle 100% dude the things they've
gotten away with and I hate to go into
like an anecdotal handy here but I don't
have a citation for me offhand here but
things like how Coke Zero for example
can exist where it's defined on the on
the Nutrition Facts label as mandated by
the FDA here that Coke Zero has zero
calories is because there's a rule that
you can if you're if your beverage has
under under five calories it can be
round down to zero conveniently or
whatever yeah that's like that with that
what's that sugar substitute I want to
say like I want to say Sparta but I know
this one whose ghost lenda is that maybe
maybe Splenda yeah isn't it isn't it
similar with that we're like it says
your calorie but technically it's got
some low amount of calories also I
thought it was like under 30 calories
they can see zero or something it might
be five though I don't remember but yeah
I've heard of this before that comes to
mind the the hesitation for the
Nutrition Facts label to disclose how
much added sugar isn't everything for
example a ragu ragu pasta sauce has a
fuckload of added sugar Campbell's
tomato soup as a full of added sugar
something that we there have been
lobbies to continue to consol that as
long as possible because there's been a
lot of pushback this last decade of
childhood obesity the finally had that
beat this close to everyone when they're
shopping for products something that I
think would be interesting to list I
didn't know this existed until like a
few yeah I'm telling I think two years
ago maybe been one year ago I've even
heard of low glycemic index oh that
rings a bell to me yeah yeah I think
it's basically like when you eat a food
like what how does this impact your
blood sugar I didn't know that that
should even [ __ ] existed and I think
I think it would be interesting to list
on most foods like what does the
glycemic index of this feel like how
will this affect your blood sugar if you
eat it it's crazy to me that so many
people have diabetes in this country
today and we actually don't are you
saying that the the cool thing here is
that this should be like open knowledge
it should be like more transparent to be
able to find in supermarket to know like
the glycemic index I feel like it should
be listed on like all foods it seems
like a pretty useful way of like
figuring out like how much I was
in fact my blood sugar I don't know I
think it's yeah yeah I'm sorry it's like
scenic load maybe not not index whatever
but yeah yeah no I think that uh I'm
look at this right now I'm trying to see
here uh yeah this looks this was cool I
would uh do only diabetics have to worry
about this kind of thing or just like
another uh I think it's good I think in
general [ __ ] I I'm pretty sure in
general you probably don't want like
huge spikes in your blood sugar because
it's kind of bad for your it'll put you
into like pre-diabetic State or whatever
like you'll work your way towards that a
lot of people number of people with
diabetes and in the US ten percent of
the population has diabetes most of that
like ninety percent of that being type 2
and a lot of people don't know this type
2 diabetes knocks like about nine years
off your life span it's like it's pretty
extreme your honor it for almost
everybody to pay attention to it yeah
yeah definitely that I would say
definitely get woke on that uh-huh I
imagine that it's like for example if
you've if you've gone on challenge like
eating like [ __ ] I'm sorry I don't mean
a typecast everyone in here who was like
if you're if you're USA and you know you
just like eat whatever quote-unquote you
let you eat fast food whenever you want
you you're you know every meal is gonna
be like a decently tasting meal we're
not really concerned with the
nutritional value but you're eating here
I feel like if you do that carelessly
until like age 35 you're probably
already kind of pre [ __ ] because you
don't know you don't exercise you're not
working out you being like [ __ ] for
decades on in are you gonna really be
able to commit to a lifestyle shoot it's
gonna like to tear you from your you
might be might get woke to like slow
down the inevitability of probably
becoming pre-diabetic or diabetic but
like you know if you can if you can
start being mentally aware that stuff
earlier on you're kind of probably way
better off from preventing that kinda
thing happen to you yeah
I know that might be kind of like a high
road anything I'm saying right now but I
don't know whenever a thought tells me
I'm perfectly healthy and I'm like it's
like yeah well you know I've got like a
visible gut and I'm pretty fat I should
probably like give more [ __ ] the other
will just tell you yeah you're fine I
don't know it's like I get a little
worried I forgive me when I went to the
hospital I don't remember I went I went
a long time ago what did I go for [ __ ] I
had to go on for a checkup for something
I want to I went for something I don't
remember why but I yeah I meant
something about how like I was worried
about something cuz I felt like I was
like fairly fat and he's like oh no
actually like your weight is like right
in the middle of like the BMI or
whatever I'm like okay dude look at my
[ __ ] stomach like don't tell me that
I'm not getting a little fat
[ __ ] oh yeah yeah I got I got a
I got a rude rude rude rude awakening
ahead of me here
you know what [ __ ] I'm gonna keep on
now I'm gonna tell I'm gonna tell the
world I'm tell the world right now how
much I weigh just so that I can uh I
could have my my whole 3 I think 3 lab
when I get new I'm ik I'm ecstatic to
get back in the gym that's the one thing
I'm missing some of the most here I
actually have like um lumber lumber
what's the word here the tray or the
area of the lower pack whatever okay
yeah yeah I got like strain there dude
like um like I just give you an idea
dude I've been in this [ __ ] chair for
so long the last like 50-plus days
they're like I the other day like I told
my girlfriend like look walk on my back
like I'm sure that helps in some cases
here but like I literally had her like
just like I laid flat on the floor and I
just like walk on my back so I need that
so bad and he's like I wanted like drop
kick me on the floor do because I was
like I needed that to uh to fix my back
dude it was crazy
damn what alright so that they can be a
core like anecdote Andy here and I don't
know this applies to anybody but anytime
I've ever had like back pain or like
twinges or like annoying [ __ ] of my life
if I am going to the gym regularly my
deadlift that [ __ ] goes away 100% for me
I don't know if that's the same really
everybody but like it hearted helps so
much there my back feels so much better
when I'm like actively deadlifting it's
like it's crazy how much of a difference
it makes holy [ __ ] bro you did bro
what's your mats bro bro bro what you
yeah oh [ __ ] wait what's my mom she's a
what what my keys
there by the bed no on the left side
they're on they're on the rack how old
is your mom uh 52 oh she sounds very
young I thought that was your girlfriend
oh now she's uh not she's 52 that's my
yeah my mom comes on the stream all-time
actually I might my chat lesson okay all
right I'll see you later yeah sure sorry
I ran off yes she came to grab my car
look she needs my car to like do
something
um again dude oh yeah so I wa whenever
when I was working out bro I was like
between 197 and 203 her I'm sorry for
you folks pounds I was a 197 pounds 203
pounds depending on you know the amount
of muscle I had a kind of folks rater
right because like it's you know you
can't use the weighs like your your be
like no because muscle weighs more
etcetera right the right now though okay
I haven't even weighed myself since
because I'm sure it's all just bad news
currently but as of as of like over two
weeks ago I was 207 pounds which is the
heaviest I've ever been before
so not doing good I don't wanna wait
anymore I already know it's bad if I
have been eating clean at all here but
when I get back in gym boys I mom I
cannot wait to thrive and loot lose the
dad bod and get and get the get the man
boobs back you know fill out my training
bra and [ __ ] get this bodacious pump
and then you know start getting these
like destiny numbers whenever I do my uh
my deadlifts yeah
what is um trihex is hi I think tracks
is like five eight aren't you yeah five
eight or I don't that you clearly you're
five eight but you you're a little bit
taller than me so maybe I'm only five
seven I don't know my my I thought it
was five eight but I don't know I don't
know anymore I have to either way we're
both sub six-foot so are already in the
mainland category so we're already
[ __ ] both of our girlfriends obviously
you know cheat on us and go you know
looking at upgrading sample yeah I've
got court obviously right like cuz if
we're not six foot why bother
like irrelevant of our mental capacities
and are our charismatic personalities
and demeanors and our you know all the
great things that make us who we are
unique and everything else here five
days it's horrible to because we can't
even go to our short guys and complain
because they tell us we're too tall for
them and that we don't even deserve
itself wait wait we have you have you
actually been there before no but I do
know that like people on that subreddit
like ever I'm you know like every poster
like they'll complain like a five-eighth
guys show up to complain about them
before they'll be like dude like you
guys like this is [ __ ] like you
drive to to be fair there's a huge gap
between being like five eight in being
like five three yeah no no I agree at
five eight the only girls that you're
that are missing you are the ones that
are like I want a guy that's like really
tall like and that's like a very small
amount of girls but like five to five
four you're starting to hit areas where
like girls are just like oh he's pretty
short yeah
yes actually no it took us actually this
like there's actually a topic I think is
a pretty cool talk about
you
all right ask my wowie and chat is my
dog attacking the predator coming in
like my cousin Rena they're helping my
grandmother do some [ __ ] okay let's talk
about Heights ISM do that we've never
we've never talked about this on stream
actually what do you know about it
because I only know this is like a
height ISM what you know as like a ISM
like racism here is like the idea that
like um you get treated differently
because of your height that correct is
how you would define it yeah sure height
in looks are both pretty important if
you fall very far outside the norm yeah
yeah and I mean it's it's it's it's it's
unfortunate because it's obviously it's
something beyond your control right
salad with anything you can really like
change the perception of it's just like
a thing that you have to like live with
because of genetics right yep it's just
crazy that like you know the spectrum of
light I guess like what like what's the
lowest what is the lowest height you can
have to be defined as like average what
five foot six
I'd say five six is probably pushing it
but around there five six five seven
okay I'm lean right and then and then
but same time though is it's really
weird because I know that I know the
perception of beauty
um changes you know over time you know
obviously what was considered you know
at one point and you know even if as far
back it's like four hundred years ago
fat was considered uh or plus-size was
considered beautiful because it was such
a rarity did you have to get to be like
you know pretty pretty upper-class even
be able to consume the food to actually
maintain you know fatness to be you know
plus-size and chubby and everything else
right back in the time inhale scan
what's considered one beautiful amount
on yeah yeah so um here we are now
though we're in modern times it's it
seems so weird where it's like a couple
of inches and I forgive me you for using
you know our stupid system I don't know
how the other one works it's there in
terms of context of one try convert the
math to but like if you're like six-foot
you know you're like the the Austin PI
right but between six foot and like six
foot four you're like considered like
charismatic powerful alpha male lead
lead Wolfpack right I think it's even
like I think it's a little more narrow
than that but yeah it's a like anywhere
from like 511 to probably like 6-1 6-2
6-4 is getting pretty tall that's
that's getting like pretty up there okay
so I can agree with you there because um
I know for sure when you get above six
foot five you're you're now in territory
where you're like you're like alarmingly
tall because like five is pretty
alarming when it's all I think well cuz
um I'll bring up an example here I mean
like doctors respect is like he's what
six foot seven like he's like yeah freak
yeah I'm at the twitchcon party laughter
I was like dude in the guy is like
towering everyone like whether you want
to or not you're getting all the
attention because of your extreme height
though and I wonder yeah in the thing I
hear it generally that the perception is
like you know it's either like when
you're that tall it's like you're too
tall you're you're too far removed and
people and some some reception maybe
that it's like alarming or intimidating
if you will here and by comparison if
you're like if you're if you're under
the average you know you might you might
get you might get considered the I don't
I guess like fragile or or non masculine
or whatever it could be perceived as as
far as like relevant to first impression
or dating and things like that
and what I wanted to go into here is uh
have you had it I guess yeah I don't
know where we want to topic right now
without those finishing how you brought
it up here do you do you feel that
things have gotten better in your
lifetime with height ISM like cuz I
don't think I've ever been I like I like
I I genuinely at five eight I don't feel
like I've ever had trouble in my life
because of my height I just don't think
that girls like guys on the Internet's
gonna freak out like on the internet
that I didn't even know that height ISM
was like a real thing until I got to the
internet when like people freaked the
[ __ ] out if they're not like six feet
tall but I don't think I've ever like
lost a chick of real life because I'm
too short or something like that maybe
intended where girls week will
specifically say like this is my height
I'm not interesting about tall or
something but like I don't know I mean I
had like a good like a couple
girlfriends before I ever discovered the
Internet and I don't know I never felt
like my height was like a big deal until
I came to the Internet and people like
oh if you're like less I'm 6:1 you're a
[ __ ] child or don't man lit me and
lit manlet yeah oh yeah like things like
wrist sizes are like skull shape or
whatever like yeah these are things I've
never heard of except for like an oh my
god dude
the skull shape I'd even the oh my god
dude I'm gonna go to hell do
okay minor derail here but like the kids
that have them alien heads you know the
alien like James Cameron alien like they
got they got the mole long ass back of
the head I got because they came out the
vagina wrong or whatever whatever what
are [ __ ] you talking about Oh chat help
me out chat chat help me I know wrong is
you get [ __ ] up I don't know bro like
you feel uh if you come out headfirst
apparently like you know you your skull
like is this like some kind of
Mississippi science I'm sure like there
this is our real thing like when you get
delivered out the womb if you come out
the wrong way like the head could be
shaped a certain way because of the
vaginal opening whenever you're coming
out
no I don't know dude I'm getting
question mark goddamn it dude in five
I'm I've gotten exposed right now you've
never heard of me take me
alien alien head kids how do I google
here dude [ __ ] I can't rock I can't find
this [ __ ] I'm going to hell dude okay
making fun of kids now [ __ ] oh my god
dude no bro someone someone give you
some citation here please
I can't find I can't find [ __ ] dude okay
whatever I'm Ronen Hill I didn't know
that like babies skulls aren't fully
formed when they come out of the womb
like there are soft spots on the baby's
head that you're never supposed to touch
because this goal hasn't like fully
formed yet but I've never heard of them
becoming like deformed because like a
birth or whatever okay there's like nah
okay whatever I'm take the hell here I
want anyone only want to show pictures
just topic is I'm gonna like throw some
kids now but uh butBut point point is
yeah okay there's some kids who got made
fun of in my elementary school because
they had like a really awkward head
shape unfortunate but you know and then
they can really do about it obviously I
didn't get his personally but I remember
I recall kids doing this kind of thing
relevant to me though with height ISM
here like you I never actually gave any
serious consideration to how tall I was
until I became known until I was like
you know trikes the person the east
celebrity or whatever
it wasn't cuz then like what I saw
happened a lot to me was like people
would meet up with me or people would
meet me at like you know twitchcon one
or whatever and I do it it happened it
happened a lot bro it'd be like oh hey
try X oh wow I thought you'd be taller
in person and it's like they bet their
opening line do they just like they just
like word vomiting right out the way and
just like they can't help because
they're being I got starstruck or
whatever but they just like throw it at
me I'm like oh well I'm sorry that I let
you down that I chose my height
obviously or something I don't know
it was B it was kind of kind of awkward
and then I but I was also aware hear
that like I caught myself a lot like
honestly I would say like like me you
and Licari are the ones I see they were
like who like are I mean I guess Talib
one all right but like a lot of them I'm
sorry well me am i mean six five six
four four um for Tyler one you know
invite in you know five away for us it's
a pretty close thing you know me my can
silence same you know each other okay
though everyone else's tall they're like
you know I'm [ __ ] a cutie pie is tall
and the suspect is tall everyone
everyone is tall everyone's like tall
me at least mm-hmm I know just it was
like man okay I feel I twitchcon I'm
looking up at a lot of people here I
know miss goes like it maybe that's a
lot of Europeans or whatever maybe but
I'm just like I'm gonna let this not get
to me I guess because they'd be trivial
to let height ISM be legitimized source
of insecurity when I don't have any
power over that
I mean it's still gonna be a slice of
insecurity right even if you don't have
power over yeah I can just try not to uh
front let it get to me here he's go to
gym get fittest [ __ ] in the news he
knows use mine use my uh I guess my
Napoleon complex to like you know
compensate for that somehow or whatever
sure actually is that true that the
polian wasn't wasn't actually short um
neither was like slightly below average
where he might have even been average
height and I thought it was just
propaganda or whatever could be yeah I
heard that at some point here that
actually that also obviously my friend
at the point comics concept here but I
don't I recall hearing recently the
Napoleon actually was not short though
[Music]
Napoleon was short by modern standards
but average for that time
oh so we've gotten taller over the last
several what I'm pretty sure we have but
I think that just has more to do with
like nutrition and stuff like your high
can be pretty severely limited based on
you know what that is true because when
you when you really break the whole
thing down here you know what's crazy
that exercise was actually I don't find
his term demonized but was like not
advised to be done until like relatively
recently like I want to say this is like
a this could be either a post-world War
one or post World War two thing we're
like exercise became like the oh hey you
should do it
you know because uh you go back pretty
far here and it's like there was I mean
I want to say what until the until the
50s cigarettes were considered healthy
right there's just some there's some
crazy health perceptions that were that
were around even just like uh-huh a
little over half century ago oh sure
yeah I remember hearing okay which one
had the draft I'm sorry here this is
company's new history lessons here but
like uh which did both world wars have a
u.s. draft it was only world word like
one a must of it right I know at the
very least World War two did all right
it must have been both right I think so
well for the I recall hear from one of
those drafts they actually had like
other debted the decline a lot of the of
the the men they wanted because they
were not deemed physically healthy and
fit enough and it happened after that
became the was was when there was like a
raised awareness and then like say okay
let's let's try exercise and and start
advising everyone to exercise to in
order to like have a go fitness
revolution so we can like do rider on
the next time I guess oh yeah forgive me
I'm kind of throwing you like a lot of a
lack of citation all the stuff here but
I've never heared this was pretty
interesting in the past okay
yeah well that failed miserably yeah I
know you're not wrong there dude the
definitely did wait for what
oh the idea that we had a fitness
revolution and that the average you know
American would be fit or physically
unable whereas right now it's like I
wish I do right now our stats are so bad
dude like we have um is it a third of US
adults or obese and oh my god I'm like
eight overweight or something gave is it
overweight and like a fifth of US
children are obese now like it just like
a red here John Germany and the UK are
like right on the heels of the US as
well and then every other European
country is catching up to it's pretty
crazy obviously is kind of like it's a
pretty big like first world problem
Asian countries seem to not have they
are like Southeast Asian like seems to
not have as much of an issue with this
I'm not sure why they'd even some of
those countries are starting to like on
their way to starting to get fat as well
I think Sweden might have been the first
country in the world for like one or two
years to like pause the like getting
fatter thing um yeah oh yeah I'm just an
apparently I think I've thought I
remember reading in Japan you actually I
don't know if it's a punishment at work
or for your health insurance but like if
you're too fat like they actually like
measure your waist size like every year
whatever you can get penalized or taxed
or something for being too fat or
something wait wait where's that
wait what can I think oh yeah meanwhile
we can't even like yeah I I want to say
what's no like a propose like soda tax
in New York City they got like shot down
really quickly we can't we can't even
like yes not even some place in the US
or in the UK somewhere they did this
they did this tax and they found out the
consumption of these products was
reduced like pretty insanely yeah it
actually worked
always had worked for its for its
intended goal anyway yeah which is true
for cigarettes too right as I recall
during the moment Obama's era there was
a um there was a pretty huge spike on
cigarettes for taxes right like the
price of a boat cigarette padua was
below five woman with up to over six
sometimes seven in some areas and like
cigarette smoking like went down a [ __ ]
ton oh god I remember my grandma going
to the military base Offutt Air Force
Base and because you don't pay sales tax
if you go to the BX the base exchange in
America and she would buy those cartons
of the cigarettes oh yeah if like 20
bucks or some [ __ ] you know okay
actually
okay real talk here I know I'm D I know
we're dealing in derail right now but is
actually really good topic bro the one
thing I worry about hype in a
hypothetical world were like Andrew yang
wins and we have like ubi universal
basic income is like the cigarette
smokers dude can you imagine getting
1,000 bucks no matter what and like how
about like that will literally enable
people to like go-cart and stupid I
would have been like you would think or
do you think or my projections
incorrectly for cigarette smokers I
don't know in tobacco products it's kind
of like this is kind of the argument for
like restricting what people can spend
their stuff on rather than just like
making it for anything yeah I don't know
how that would impact like certain
habits well like if imagine you have
like a heroin addict on the street
that's getting like a thousand wbi like
what's he gonna spend his money on I'm
not sure like will he get a house and
turn his life around and everything cuz
he's got a city stream of income or all
of that money be going towards like
addictive behavior I don't know yeah
well to be fair egg this is very much
like a fringe example like I don't think
there's gonna I think that like
hypothetically if you be I was
implemented strategically here that it
would it would solve or it would at
least band-aid more problems than it
would cause problems this might be the
one negative the most blatant negative I
can think of here if just like an
ultimately enabling that of like
more bad habits but you know whom I
guess Who am I Who am I the government
to say that it's a bad habit for you to
smoke cigarettes other than I guess so
the projected cost of health care to
treat your I mean I gotta say that's bad
right it causes damage to you damage to
your family secondhand smoke causes
damage to the people around you we have
to pay for it on the forms of health
care subsidies and [ __ ] like yeah I mean
[ __ ] I'm gonna say smoking is bad no you
definitely buy that you have you ever
been to a doctor and like have them ask
you if you smoke or anything and then
you like I feel like it's kind of like
when ever get pulled over by a police
officer and it's like have you ever been
arrested before I ever been in a
probation before you've ever been on
that if you answer yes to any of that
like boom the whole whole atmosphere
change it's like oh okay yeah you've
said yes one of my questions here I'm
gonna have to think you know when I go
to the detector I don't think um I mean
it's possible it could just be like a
shitty doctor that would judge you for
that but I think generally you should
probably be like they're not gonna like
bust you like a rescue for some [ __ ]
like every doctor's like I don't know I
would just imagine that like so for
example right let's say you have like
pneumonia and you need to like I don't
know get cured or whatever right already
like it your symptoms - you - whatever
here but but you're an active smoker
like mm-hmm
I don't know it would a doctor be like
god dammit dude you stupid [ __ ] [ __ ]
wanna [ __ ] you some other magnet you're
making this complicated right now maybe
I don't know maybe I'm wrong in that way
yeah I don't know I think I mean you're
[ __ ] anyway because you're black right
like doctors already like historically
prescribe less like painkillers and
should to black people because they
think you've got a higher chance of
being an addict have you ever heard this
before no we never heard this before so
a lot of people and women when you go to
the hospital if you complain about like
symptoms that they would normally
prescribed painkillers for even when you
control for socio-economic status and
races the doctor black people and women
are less likely to get painkillers
prescribed to them than white men are
under the protection that were more that
they're a lot more likely to abuse and
get addicted to the things or like
whether they abused it or they don't
take you seriously or they think you
have some African warrior pain tolerance
I don't know like what the hypothesis is
I got African warrior you have debated
too many people at this point good but
it's a real thing as a seasoned warrior
gene bottle the same air in the bottle
Bonnell
[Music]
[ __ ] way yeah it's uh this is also
something that when you when it comes to
like fat acceptance movements or
whatever people call it fat acceptance I
don't think people think that you should
like accept people for being fat but
it's one of those issues where like a
fat person might go to the doctor and
out of nowhere maybe like they feel like
their arm is like numbing up like their
left arm is getting not right some some
probably bad symptom is like coming up
where they feel like something's not
right and I go to a hospital and a lot
of doctors might write off a fat person
I mean like oh well you're fat you
probably just slept on it wrong like
you'll be okay
you know we're like you might be getting
symptoms written off because of like
your the fact that you're fat or because
you're a woman or because you're black
whatever like yeah yeah no definitely
that there's actually some um man do we
thought we were on a top it goes on guy
I I'm mildly derailed I forgot what
we're talking about now something about
the world war two draft thing but
whatever funny dude fitness revolution I
could do well it's it's it's [ __ ]
anyway you're right it's a worldwide
thing I have heard that uh [ __ ] dude I
have heard that the Middle East is also
catching up to like like someone said in
your chat earlier about that because um
the the next lucrative draw for these
like multinational food chains
McDonald's KFC Domino's etc right is the
Middle East now like like dude like I
saw like a thing about how like Domino's
is like exploding and I forget what
country was due but like they are it's
in one of these countries in the Middle
East where it is like um where I believe
it's it's in the proximity of Saudi
Arabia but it's like it's an area where
like families can't do anything like
individuals can't do anything get to be
of the family like you can't you can't
like go into a mall unless you are with
a family like it's got my baby women I
think generally in Saudi Arabia I don't
know they changes but you know as a
woman you don't allowed to go somewhere
you're not accompanied by a man I think
yes in Saudi Arabia right guys I'm
pretty sure you can't go to a wall that
is desperate yeah and women just started
women couldn't drive until last year
like that was a big thing they have it
just this year or last year um but yet
it was like it's like a huge emphasis on
like privacy and like some of them some
even some things like the McDonald's
have like family curtains where like you
there's like a table like that it's a
booth with a curtain for family time
like it's that private or whatever well
anyway the point is like there's no
there's no recreational activity you can
do
um other than like go eat so like
essentially these like food places
become like your mall your nightclub and
like any stimulant of social gathering
if you if you would imagine so it's all
very lucrative for these like food
companies to come out there and just
like top that you know give their
invasion of sugar and butter and fat and
give them this like you know absolute
you know Bliss point perfected
engineered food and get them addicted
and get them fat and get them you know
wanting more and more and more and so
they're blowing up right now in the
Middle East regions at this point so so
that's a surprise they're also getting
phallic you like you mentioned earlier
here yeah it's a what do you perceive is
like the endpoint here like what
when did when do things change I think
that things are getting better than I
think we have a more of an advocacy now
for having a more transparent natural
ingredient foods but is there a breaking
point do you think er or even come on
for like when we were eating too much
sugar you should or what do you mean
yeah well breaking point we are people
were like it's an epidemic like there's
like a was like pretty easily like you
know you're not wrong because the life
is resting is already going down and a
word I think I think it's our generation
as the first generation is gonna be
dreaded to actually live shorter than
our in our previous generation yeah
although I'm not sure that's because a
dietary [ __ ] or because of people
killing themselves and overdosing like
opioid so she always you know yeah hmm
it's a lot of [ __ ]
oh yeah it's I think we talked about
that in an earlier podcast but yeah it's
a boy it's not good right now it's not
good now with that in mind here you you
brought also one thing a lot of people
don't realize real quick um being fat in
and of itself can actually put you at
risk with certain things like for
instance like for diabetes I I didn't
know this in Cyrene ago it's like just
being fat makes you more likely to
develop like insulin resistance and get
diabetes develop diabetes it's not just
because like oh well of course but when
you're fat it's because you're eating
like foods high in sugar etcetera no no
no like just being overweight like
elevates you for risk of these types of
things yeah which is crazy I didn't I
didn't know that I always assumed that
like oh well of course it's because fat
people eat sugary foods and that's why
they're at a higher risk for it but it's
not it's just being fat almost equal to
like a nonfat purse and you're like at
an elevated risk
things yeah not to mention like in
general right the the the problem with
being fat is that when you're fat you
your heart has to like pump harder right
to like move blood across a more mass of
your body is that correct
probably yeah so something like that so
and ultimately you're like you're you're
making your heart work harder to exist
old really you're just you're just
degrading your heart quicker to just
ultimately lower your life expectancy I
would say I could be wrong could be
wrong on that that's what I recall it
how it kind of works on a very rough
explanation which is also why tall
people have a habit heart too so like oh
really tall people for example for you
know dot doc has you know he's very tall
so yes yes his heart's like probably
pump you know a consider about more
often than say like our hearts do the
same function if we were assuming we
were the same you know visit physicality
in shape so have I've heard that too
actually but those actually had another
thing here to man there was a part of
that communication course I took in
college when I told you way back when
here and then we can find in this point
if you want to be worried almost up on
time the the perception of body types
has like a like a preconceived
subconscious conclusion it's pretty
interesting actually like whenever you
see like a like Brad Pitt like laughing
while at him [ __ ] are you talking about
like that people that believe in like
the ectomorph like that type of [ __ ]
yeah yeah people who are like you know
genetically like large or fat or they
they come they come off as like they're
perceived differently
okay never never I thought you're
talking okay yeah sure yeah we're like
you know if you saw like Brad Pitt like
you know sipping coffee at a table and
laughing you would think one thing
because you know because he looks good
and he's like chiseled out and
everything else you can see like you
know expose like you know muscle muscle
for formation and the pectorals and
things like that and then you see like a
fat person laughing while while eating a
pizza you you would think something
different like oh they're just you know
they're fat and they're jolly and
they're jolly because they're fatter so
I don't know something like that there's
like a uh I'm kind of working it badly
here but I remember like
this was like a pretty pretty common
thing like the perception of one's body
size x2 what they're doing even if it's
the same thing you perceive different
things
any person eating pizza versus the fat
person eating pizza you think a
different thing does inspires me at all
I hate to keep hitting you up at the
racial things I'm not trying to like
dog-whistle that I hate like anything
but um an interesting City I remember I
talked to this about there was an
interesting study about Republicans or I
might have been with everybody but the
findings were about Republicans that um
if you show like if you give somebody a
survey and ask them their opinions about
welfare you show him a picture of like a
black family instead of showing them a
picture of a white family they tend to
feel less good about welfare or welfare
programs in general ooh yeah yeah that's
and that goes back here from the damage
from the the beginning of the of the the
welfare queen myth that was proposed by
uh by Reagan right that's where all that
began I don't know if Reagan for us or
not but a lot of conservatives echoed
that [ __ ] when I'm talking about like oh
well like the reason why you know black
people are so [ __ ] is because welfare
made them all relying on it as like well
what about white people why didn't they
get relying on wealth first and well
first available to everybody
SPS in fact I even go further usually
that's pretty easy to debunk we just
like try to make them like explain you
know well why do you think welfare began
you know why do you think that was like
uh introduced in the first place wait
was it because of white people I would I
don't know no I actually [ __ ] I wish I
remember the answer offhand here I
recall I want to say it was something
along the lines it could be similar to
income tax where it was like it's
supposed to be like a one-year solution
but then we just kind of got like
complacent didn't really it didn't
really fix it just kind of capped it
there was almost part of a lot of this
like a part of like the FDR like the New
Deal [ __ ] doesn't even remember I
remember I I don't want to miss B con
that one there but uh
I don't know walking in here but no
you're what you're bringing up those of
kind of a thing I find a branch thing
here as far as like color theory goes
because um did you ever hear about this
study where I forget when was this done
it's important to know the timeframe I
think it was done the mid-90s here but
there was like a study done where you
had a group of like children who were
like at oldest like four years old right
and you would give them like dolls and
you'd hask them like which one's the
good guy which was a bad guy and he's
like these children of multiple races
including black and white and everything
in between here would all universally
say that the darker skin tone of the
doll was you know the darker skinned
dolls compared to the lighter skinned
dolls where were the bad guys you know
they asked deliberately vague questions
we can confine a for me whatever is
going on here
and there was a study done here that
showed like the depiction of media and
the problems were like a lot of these
cartoons would often have like you know
for example like scar scar from Lion
King the enemy penguin from penguin in
the pebble you know the the enemy the
enemy wolf from Balto
you know Balto the wolf cartoon uh-huh
etc etc etc typically these darker and
darker skin complexions
you know do you know something that's
really interesting about these villains
that I never considered before when I
one of my problems one of the things I
didn't like about a new Lion King movie
was that scar like you lost so much like
not having the hand gestures and stuff
right mm-hmm
one thing that I read I never even
considered before it was that some
people say that a lot of those
depictions of Disney villains were
actually really homophobic and that like
a lot of the Disney villains that are
like villains that use the hand gestures
they're actually just like very
effeminate and almost like like
flamboyant or gay went in the way that
you look at the characters like they
watch with their face the way they move
their hands that I think maybe even
Jafar might have done this in a Latin
and that scar Canada's I never really
looked at that before and I kind of
wondered now when I look at some of the
carries and like hmm do I do I associate
like this guy is bad because he's like
because he's gay and effeminate and
those are like the kind of like
dastardly sinister movements
like yeah it's like it's very
interesting as contrasted to like Mufasa
who is like a deep powerful voice and
there's like very masculine and like
very strong and it's like yeah I don't
know it kind of makes me wonder I'm not
sure because when you say that could say
what comes to mind from me right away or
to villains Jafar who you know I would
think in the 90s if we had modern
YouTube infrastructure you'd have like a
plenty of visual essays on like Jafar a
metrosexual hmm let's dive in and see
know this like mannerisms and is like
elaborate wardrobe and it's like
perfectly maintained facial hair
everything like that I mean the other
would be the the enemy rat from the mast
active like Oh
Hades and the Hercules movie as well
yeah yeah also metrosexual confirmed by
the way obviously oh yeah Ursula who's
almost like a [ __ ] spent so long and
she's like a butch lesbian almost right
like in though does she like a really
deep voice when she's like angry and
evil and [ __ ] I don't know but she had a
monster Bush you know you know that
[ __ ] had a hairy [ __ ] Bush way to go
with it if you're a female and you want
to have armpit hair I'm totally cool
with that they're that way
Who am I Who am I to project you know
freaking I don't know modern or even
particularly North American norms on as
far as like what is be dictate about
your body you do what you want to do I
don't give a [ __ ] does the the one
annoying guy in Milan that like follows
them around remember the guy that's like
the Chancellor's or they got the main
guy's [ __ ] uh oh yeah the little the
the messenger boy who goes to the
messenger boy that's like always
tattling and [ __ ] and writing [ __ ] up
whatever did he do gay stuff I'm try to
remember we have a very high-pitched
voice yeah yeah I don't know if that's
like enough or but maybe but yeah I
don't know yeah maybe we are squad
living hard right now dude he is slow
yeah but yeah man if your blood didn't
drop when you were 13 you a [ __ ] huh I
always like really irritated by the scar
[ __ ] I was probably one of the voice and
characters I thought it was like the
most ruined and then I started to like
Google around I was curious other people
thought about it and I stumbled on that
article that was like there's actually
like a lot of the Disney cartoons a lot
of the stereotypically like
villains the way that you make a villain
bad is you just make them super gay
you make them very effeminate you make
them very kind of girly a lot of hand
gesture you make lemon on Norling yeah
basically and that's like the way to UM
yeah and that's the way to like signify
that it's a villain and I'm like oh [ __ ]
I never considered that before and when
I went back and I started looking at
things like oh damn that's interesting
no you're definitely this oh that's a
very very valid point there I also know
you got the guy in Pocahontas somebody
was like me this picture of Radcliffe oh
there's like a bathing scene in Mulan
where it seemed like the guy was
supposed to be like super gay or
whatever but yeah yeah holy [ __ ] did you
swipe right to this on tinder on Grindr
jeez oh I got I I need someone to
Halloween costume this guy please this
is this is like big dick energy all the
way here like bowties for your I don't
know like back bangs I don't even call
it should do the freaking just got it's
so good yeah yeah if you get new he's
drowning in [ __ ] or you're drowning and
just a [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] dude
know your critiques here about um about
the Lion King some sort of area valid
though I I agree with you that a scar
lost a lot of intensity for me I'm from
the 20:19 adaptation and while I didn't
watch a 20-19 Aladdin film the excited I
didn't mean didn't look that good at all
the it's in the trail so I didn't bother
go and see it the Jafar the Jafar's
voice revealed the second trailer for
that movie I was like man what weren't
where did it go where's he attend to the
guy dude he reminded me like of a
flailing stale noodle it kind of
reminded me of the villain from venom
because that he's also I like that actor
who the villain in the UH and the venom
20:18 movie but like it's just there's
no it's to me it was a very very badly
miscast oh here we go you know another
another picture sorry I'm British pose
guy was supposed to be doing
yeah
would you say it's a would you would you
say it's like a harmful show their show
that someone is bad they're gay yeah
that's probably not good I would say
well no no I'm not asking you if you
think they are gay but do you think that
this course correction has been do you
think is still a problem now or has the
course been corrected since then I don't
think you see it as often
the most recent one I can think of what
[ __ ] doesn't move he's probably super
old actually what's the James Bond that
had the main character guy that was gay
he always plays like a German and like
oh I think he probably is charming and
although Quentin Tarantino movies you
know I'm talking about
um oh my god this is a very famous I
look
you're talking about it oh no wait wait
wait actually actually I don't think um
Chris rolls I don't think he was the
main bad guy in that I don't recall
Walt's being in a was he in it wasn't
into stuff no no it was it was a
different guy that plays those types of
the characters sometimes I don't
remember what oh happy are barred um
wait is this the guy
oh [ __ ] stuff let me see here this guy
that played in
[Music]
doesn't this guy like normally play like
off characters like that or am i like
making this up I might be making us some
Luiz he's easy
oh yeah he's always very handsome so he
gets a pass in my book
did he play the guy in no country for
old man he did right yeah okay he looks
a lot different holy [ __ ] yeah okay just
yeah
yeah there's a couple air nomads guys
gotcha yeah also I feel bad for like um
people like a I say mess it bad but it's
like it's interesting the thing about
here like people like Danny Trejo who
just like his appearance kind of like
he's kind of you're kind of put in the
Box where he can only kind of be one
type of person do you think a little bit
but I mean like it that happens right
yeah yeah
although the CGI does some amazing
amazing things these do you're not lying
there I mean they do have you seen um
how do you do have you seen how the
trailer for that new Will Smith movie a
Gemini man no well it's a true well it's
a Angley direct the feature comes on in
October where it's like um the main
thing of it is like you know there's
Will Smith in modern-day who's like you
know 50 to 50 whatever years old some
gray hair on his face no ever else and
then there's like a younger like you
know like fresh Fresh Prince of bel-air
Will Smith and it looks
dude I look at it reminds me of Avatar
dude it looks completely like
non-jarring looks immersive it was like
it looks like it's young Will Smith
interacting with present-day likes unit
trailer now yeah it's interesting
okay yeah
um yeah you're not kidding on the whole
facial facial enhancement stuff dude
we're getting to a really crazy point or
even like I'm Samuel Jackson [ __ ] and
the Captain Marvel movie yeah that's
actually I that that bow so that didn't
really uh I didn't really bug me I mean
I know if I was like super convinced
like I knew was will spending so our new
was Samuel Jackson like being made to
look younger so I kinda knew what to
look for there but do you know is not
really a lot of but there's not really
any like close-ups of him like running
or doing anything physically demanding
essentially yeah but other than that
though yeah I mean man acts his ass off
so not wrong there
I guess okay right right for real for a
last topic here because this is a timely
one that we definitely mobile touched on
the next week if we want to hear did you
hear about the about the spider-man
drama them know talk to about this
actually I don't think ever I don't know
oh that um Sonny's not licensing it for
the MCU or whatever yeah yeah did you
hear about this I mean I guess I'll have
heard I haven't heard if they'd like
reached a negotiation pondered ever but
yeah so the so there was a lot of uh
there was some very lucrative action
team we wouldn't on this topic here let
me change my topic to click right here
Spider Man exiting the MCU question mark
question mark question mark and then
this is for reference this is pretty
scary because it it feels like they're
trying to gear the spider-man guy out to
be like the replacement for like [ __ ]
Iron Man or some [ __ ] so like losing
this character is gonna be pretty
[ __ ] big if it happens yeah yikes
so to recap here initially when y'all
saw spider-man entered the Marvel
Cinematic Universe with Captain America
3 Captain America Civil War that was a
start of a deal that Sony arranged with
Disney / Marvel 2 because because at
this time as of 1989 when so when Marvel
was going near bankrupt they they they
sold away all their properties to
various movie studios and Sony won the
rights to the bidding war for spider-man
so then they made one in 99 and they
probably made spider-man 2 released in
2002 their deal includes as long as they
make a spider-man film every X amount of
years they will retain the rights to
spider-man as far as film production
goes but if they don't make aspired man
within I think it's like seven years
there might be it might be less then it
defaults back to the parent company that
would own Marvel that time um right now
with this in mind I'll say about that
here actually the things you should know
here is that up so they to get the right
to make the movie production but they
don't have merchandising so they give
you an idea that and also the fact that
like you know this is Sony's most
lucrative pool like the Sony's picture
movie film division this is their
biggest thing they have is spider-man
property at this point even the less
successful films amazing spider-man 1 &
2 still made you know respectively
100 million plus and 800 million plus
worldwide even they were both critically
flops and both were debatably failures
because of their insanely bloated
budgets of over 200 million dollars each
they still were considered failures with
ours before they pulled in but they were
still their strongest polzin's or Sony
Pictures uh entertainment Chow with that
in mind when the 2016 debut of Peter
Parker spider-man came out in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe the deal Sony had
with Marvel at that time was that if I
recall correctly here Sony would front
the financing for any independent
spider-man films at the time including
you know spider-man - far from home in
spider-man homecoming they would front
they would finance those films Kevin
Feige and his production company at by
Marvel Studios would produce the films
or Sony an exchange Sony would would
give Disney you know five percent of the
box-office receipts only catch 95
percent in exchange Marvel a to use
sprite waiting all right I'll be back in
one second here you can explain my
supervisor okay you made me keep going
in exchange you know for cuz they're
only getting five percent here the the
the the payoff here was that Marvel
would get the rights to to use
spider-man in the MCU and then that was
the agree deal pretty lucrative because
obviously Kevin Feige knew the value of
like what to do with a new the new the
value of what of what spider-man can
pull in because there's no most popular
Marvel character literally so they would
they would do that right and and from
there now keep him on here that uh Tom
Holland was given is currently on a five
film contract as of as of when he was
signed I don't know if he's done five
yet I'm trying here now there was a
there was civil war there was infinity
war there was in games and there's
spider-man homecoming if are oh [ __ ]
yeah five films so a Tom Hollands
contract I believe is actually up or
maybe was only five films for Sony I
don't know remember actually here
name is only five maybe the only five uh
five Sony Pictures hi to hide his camera
sure I'll do that for you there you go
good looking Steve here
um so so from from there was nothing
about that
[Music]
I'm gonna kind of brain frying right now
it's like after like cares about my own
here so the issue now is that obviously
you know before it was considered you
know relatively a risk to do this Tom
Hall and interpretation of Peter Parker
and spider-man but now that you know now
the Avengers in game has like made like
a [ __ ] ton of money worldwide and
there's pretty much no risk that's very
very lucrative everyone involved to
maintain what we have here we we are now
seeing you know the collateral you know
shift back to Disney now so from what I
understand the deal was that with three
negotiations rather than 5% of box
office for a disney disney wants 50 they
want half and half 50% because you know
they've proven to be you know kevin
fighting who's been proven to be very
bankable and consistent on delivering
the banners and the quality here and
they want to maintain those should they
have right now so they can have peter
parker continue to like you know be a
bigger bigger part of the MCU phase
phase four and five onward so we'll see
where that goes but the unfortunate news
right now is that potentially the deals
falling apart because sony can't agree
to 50/50 they want something way more
towards what they had before if the 55
percent 95 percent or they think that
because you know that no they can they
can handle things on their own here you
know they they you know venom made 800
million worldwide
you know spider-verse was critically
acclaimed and you know was kicked ass
and anything else you're under their
watch maybe they're thinking here that
they know that you know and also a serve
it's their biggest pool they don't want
to share with you know the the already
behemoth lee rich disney who doesn't
quite frankly need the more of their box
office but just kind of like you know
doing what they can here and
unfortunately we currently exist a
situation right now here where where
peter parker could potentially be lost
MCU here because if i was Kevin Feige
for example you would look at it and be
like well [ __ ] dude if if I don't have
the ability to produce the spider-man
films and associate with you Sony then I
don't have control that I don't have any
kind of work and control over what
you're gonna make Peter Parker do from
here onward
and I can't have like a cohesive
narrative in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe when you're out here doing your
own flippity [ __ ] thing with a Peter
Parker I need the apartment to be in
space to collab with the gardens the
galaxy for Avengers for while y'all
muhfuckas got him out here you know
delivering pizza in New York City so I
can't I can't make this writing good
whenever y'all doing your own thing here
so due to that risk of just a difference
in what you're doing the story and B
ultimately you're perceiving confidence
to make a good spider-man film I would
have to write spider-man out of the MCU
if we can't reach a deal that's what I
assume would happen unfortunately the
worst case now here is yeah very much
that that if the deal can't come through
and somebody's pulling their ego because
they may they can do a better job here
quite frankly then I what would you do
you know if you were Kevin Feige and you
have you know yet a multi-layered story
of bringing in the the Inhumans bringing
in you know an expanded role for dr.
strange too and but you know blah blah
blah and you're gonna choose x-men in
phase 5 on here it kind of need control
or use need me in the know again when
you're producing you at least know what
story's gonna be for your spider-man
graduation aka spider-man 3 coming out I
think in 2021 you know you at least have
like you know where the scripts gonna go
so you can kind of write around that and
then include more things make that
narrative continue to be cohesive
um and the issue there is we don't have
that if you're Kevin fighting you're
live I would I would think you'd be like
well [ __ ] this dude I got a I got a bail
I got a bail dude though I mean we
already it was kind of going on right
now because the fact that a forget me I
know you guys probably not don't don't
care about cape [ __ ] maybe you do I
maybe you don't know so I'm just gonna
entertain while destinies like afk right
now but the problem here is that um you
know you already have us going on right
now with the Hulk you know the Hulk is
currently owned by Universal and the way
that you did you get uh the way that you
currently have the Hulk and the MCU
right now is this this convenient
loophole where Hulk can be part of a
different film but they can't they can't
do a solo Hulk film that's why you're
seeing Hulk only in the Avengers
ensemble films and you're seeing Hulk
and the as a co-pilot essentially
thor ragnarok you know every hulk fan
wanted a Planet Hulk film essentially
you know one of the coolest plot lines
and all the whole comic floor but they
can't legally make illegally I don't
know whatever contractually make a hoax
a Planet Hulk film there's that [ __ ] it
what's gonna we're gonna do Planet Hulk
we're gonna make plain old one of the
side things that happens essentially and
Thor Ragnarok and they did and it worked
out great it took all the weaknesses of
Thor and made Thor stronger and then
also gave all the whole fanboys the the
most the biggest hits you can get of a
plan a whole plot line within Thor
Ragnarok and it worked out great though
so yeah that's a that's what you got
right there which is pretty cool but
yeah I'm I'm pretty fearful for for
what's gonna happen here
now with that all aside the next thing
would be that there was some premature
there was some premature pitches here -
are those some premature headlines and
get some clickbait in views apparently
or supposedly this entire incident is
not is not as bad as people think it is
apparently this was an argument over a
producer credit one of the Marvel
executives wanted to have a producer
credit for some of the Sony films and
Sony was not agreeing with that or
something's that power someone's that
some that degree so this might actually
be a non-problem that's being hyper
escalated to like firfer clickbait and
views but in actuality it's being
resolved in the back room and it was
never an issue in the first place here
you know maybe so he's not as bad as
they think they may be because uh maybe
they are aware this will make them a
very very lucrative pool long term you
know essentially you're being drafted
for the winning team you know Disney's
Disney's already pulled in something
along the lines of eight billion with a
be eight billion that it's eight
followed by nine zeros eight billion
dollars in u.s. box office or eight mil
eight billion US dollars in box office
this year alone and that's with out
frozen - that's without star wars nine
coming out later this year so you know
if you're being gather for the winning
team again I'm not here to like you know
blow Disney or even give them like cuz
obviously the corporation consolidation
is terrible I think this is
to be the field right now and some very
very bad thing long-term for the
competitive viability sustainability of
creative endeavors in the in the
Hollywood market right now I'm not a fan
of it obviously but purely in the
speculation what's going on here right
now I want to clarify that if you were
Sony and if you care about the
corporation standings here that you
would say yeah okay I'm gonna be on the
winning team because it because you know
Peter Parker is gonna be I imagine a
very lucrative pool for phase 4 and
phase 5 of Marvel and you get like
infinite clout to continue that you get
guaranteed momentum and clout with
spider-man going forward at the cost of
giving Disney half but you know even
your half of what will be essentially
the spider-man but you know three four
five and six from Sony's in it's gonna
be a very very good pool for you so you
would think you would do that rather
than risk you know having another
blunder like amazing spider-man 1 & 2 or
the corporate meddling that led to the
result of spider-man 3 though you know
so I'll have to see here now with that
my cuz I will kind of let ask y'all here
what do you how do you feel about that
you know how do you feel about a do you
think my opinions creditor or do you
feel that my my my take here is correct
I should clarify here that the reason
why I might take here is that so did you
take the deal is because Sony is it has
a very spotty track record for making
for having confidence to produce quality
films I didn't go as far here as say I'd
go as far here say that like even the
the one thing in there in there um I
guess like advantage here that they made
you know Amazing Spider or I'm sorry
inspired me into the spider-verse is the
problem that I remember here oh the
problem there is that even though
spider-verse was a great film and in my
opinion the best buy my film by a very
very wide margin the problem is that it
came out in December
which was like a kind of like a flop
month for it so it could have probably
did way better numbers in a more summer
esque release I don't know who's the
fall for that if it was originally
sketched for December or not or if it
could have been anyone else here but
it's unfortunate that two films thought
were pretty above average both Bumblebee
and spider-verse both and we're both
December releases last year in both
both in my opinion word their best
entries in their respective franchises
and both were one of the lowest grossing
films and both in both things Michael
Bay destruction porn transformers you
know turn your brain off that thing all
those patrician was one through five
made way more money than mum will be and
spider-verse I think didn't even clear
four hundred million worldwide
and I think it was like an amazing film
I don't that's because of the people to
bias on the perception of animation or
not because people think it's it's
animated or whatever but like I don't
know dude
though with that here though I have a
ship post here that apparently is pretty
hot let's see we got here what is it
what is this
Marvel and Sony's partnership allowed
Sony to keep spider-man film rights to
Marvel got to incorporate the character
in MCU Marvel Disney also see the five
percent payout of spider-man films which
Sony would fully financed Disney
continues every scene understand the
merchandising sales isn't the ass of the
feature spider-man films would be 50
Kofa stake and possibly to extend to
other films by man universe declined
encounter offered proposed to keep their
current deal if they had in place is in
decline and withdrew Marvel and fighting
from the spider-man films
it wasn't an aggressive stance by Disney
who already earned seven point seven
billion dollars in their movies this
year and closing I applaud Sony for
standing up to Disney
oh and this is suppose to be like you
know the spider-man guy like reading off
his a reading off prompt here so the
thing about that is uh I mean you're not
wrong hearing right yeah the there's
like the problem there is clearly you
know just as a [ __ ] ton of money they
could literally been doing the same deal
and it'd be fine I guess do you think
it's bully of Disney so wanna opt for
50/50 rather than 5 percent 95 percent
so I don't know here cuz it's like I
guess it depends on like the the
confidence level I just really hope that
um I just really hope that
that things don't go bad here because
the the problem too is that if the deal
isn't follow through and Kevin Feige
removes removes a spider-man from the
universe goes he have to it's gonna feel
very abrupt non-natural and kind of
hollow it's kind of really really suck
or worse yet is that like you know that
the deal doesn't happen don't use a
spider-man film it flops cuz they don't
know the [ __ ] they're doing and then
they're like oh woah oh actually won't
we want to give you it back and they'll
like you know it's like you know clean
up their own mess and have to like you
know re rewrite things hastily to like
say oh oh Peter Parker was a yeah he was
a it was a frozen in cryo sleep and now
he's awake again let's go ahead and make
him do [ __ ] though
[Music]
it's different though Disney Disney
benefit from having spine MC films now
that arc is dead they don't need him so
it would just be standalone movies a
little bit of him that's not true that's
not true if you think that um if you
think that um Peter Parker's arc in the
MCU is done I was I'm very I don't know
if I actually agree with that I mean
there's those more can be done I'm it
did you did you see um did you see far
from home you see the cliffhanger that
it ended on there though
um basically we're selling a bad
spider-man comes to the time um uh maybe
maybe not I don't know dude it's tough
to say right now really I'm really
actually more concerned for the fact
that like Disney was allowed to buy Fox
so now like so now Disney owns bro they
own Star Wars they own Lucasfilm they
own Nastya graphic they own all the Fox
properties um you know they own the own
x-men or they have the rights to x-men
they have the MCU and Marvel they own
Pixar dude Disney owns so much [ __ ]
[ __ ] now Oh es bien ABC it's like the
number two is so distant of what the
number one like it's hold the gif of
like the the Mickey the Mickey Thanos
gift the so is so accurate this pointing
out who is [ __ ] crazy Mickey Mouse a
nose gift
let me just like bro okay [ __ ] I'm sorry
I'm here hey what's up bro
I was just uh I was going ham on the
whole like
yeah I mean just oh my god I do talking
about
we can wait
what was the what's the what's the
verdict on the spider-man thing is that
going to be
I think they're gonna renegotiate that
is like there's I gonna change are they
[ __ ] or what the TLDR er is that Sony
and Disney had a pad that had a deal
where it were Disney got 5% of the
spider-man film grosses um in exchange
they like that Disney with like you know
produced the film and since you give
them a quality film right that you you
get a freebie quality MCU tear
spider-man film from Disney on behalf of
Sony so he makes all the profit off of
it in exchange Sony would lend
spider-man to the MCU as they need to to
make the films and the narrative like
cohesive and everything else um this
this contract apparently is over now and
it's up renegotiation and Disney wants
to make it a 50/50 where Disney gets
half of the independent spider-man box
office film Brabant in just five percent
because they've proven that they can
like do a great job of spider-man and
the way should they have right now was a
really good one
however what what's like couldn't Sony
theoretically [ __ ] Marvel like hardcore
out of this if yeah they could because
like Marvel is kind of like licensing it
from them and now Sony sees how much
money they're making out but like
couldn't they
it seems like a really bad negotiating
spot to video and you know uh yeah
something that Sony study because
remains incompetent can't make a quality
spider-man film which I'll maybe they've
won that trust to me and in my opinion
currently right but the counter the
counter here the counter perspective is
that you know Disney made seven point
six billion dollars here in box office
alone they don't need any more money and
they don't even and so does even have
the merchandising rights to spider-man
so Marvel Pro Disney priority makes like
you know what would probably the
perceive 50 percent of box office gross
off of merchandising anyway so it kind
of leaves Sony high and dry and it's
also Sony's most lucrative property out
grossing any other property they have
for film production
so you're right hypothetically here if
Sony backs out of the deal and says no
give us five percent to 95 percent or
we're backing out um this is kind of
like forces just take that neither like
do it or don't if they don't then I
would imagine Kevin Feige and this
production crew at Marvel Studios what
would that would probably be half
there's a rights right spider-man out of
the universe because what you do are you
gonna contour are you going to contort
to whatever the [ __ ] Sony does with
spider-man from here onward are you
gonna sound like a weird it seems like a
really [ __ ] position to be I don't know
yeah because if you don't have the
producer credit you don't have you don't
have access to the script if you don't
the script in advance you know you can't
really you can't produce other scripts
in advance to make it all you know
cohesive though I would one would think
that I don't know I guess I would hope
that if Sony does back out then Disney
was kind of just like whatever we're
already ridiculously rich we are
ridiculously rich we can just we can
just agree to the 5% and keep going
because they can't like I'm guessing
there's no way Sony whatever just
something IP oh no dude [ __ ] no you
couldn't even uh to answer your question
here let's look at a property that's
worth less than spider-man and it hasn't
that has not happened currently as of
right now if you didn't know when Marvel
was near pick up in the late 90s they
sold all their rights to consider uh to
their properties to other studios right
Universal won the bid war Fulk you
recall the 20th the 2003 film hoped by a
good to buy ingly kind of shrek was kind
of weird right well Universal still
holds the rights to the the rights to
make a solo Hulk film if I recall
correctly
feel free to quit if I'm wrong you know
and um a problem there is that they have
no plans to make a whole film but
they're not gonna they're not really
dishing the rights to hold back to the
the parent owner because I would just
give that would enable their competitor
Disney who now owns Marvel to just make
a whole film at that point so there are
billions like I pay law is [ __ ] over
consumers and not really working in our
best interest but okay right oh dude can
we start on that one there so despite
that Disney just use this Hulk
oming in you know a spin-off films
that's a loophole there it can make and
use Hulk's likeness for you know the
Avengers found
they can use host likeness for thor
ragnarok but they can't make a solo Hulk
film I think it also because I can't use
Hulk in any they can't use the word
hulking any of the film titles or
something like that I don't know but um
well yeah you know so the idea is you
could you know they could just say hey
look Universal let me by
let me by your rights of retention of
Hulk so we can make a whole film but
they wouldn't do that they wouldn't and
they wouldn't let their competitor have
that kind of power yeah I mean they're
already mad right now because they don't
have a if you recall here Universal try
to make that whole dark universe thing
happen remember this with the The Mummy
film that happened to last year I don't
know about this okay right before I got
to the story okay so the B whatever
everyone agree that the you know the
cinematic universe is like it's like you
know it's winning now it's like it's
like the thing to do everyone's excited
for like you know some kind of like
multi movie overarching narrative the
Universal is actually sitting on quite a
few things apparently they have um they
have like the original werewolf and the
mummy and some other like archaic
monsters that they can they have the
rights to I think including Frankenstein
so the idea they were having was okay
we're gonna we're gonna resurrect we're
gonna reboot our our biggest pool of
these things right now which was you
know the mummy because the mummy was big
in the night in the late 90s you're
gonna reboot the mummy with Tom Cruise
and then we're gonna have that beat the
start of the dark universe where it's
like it's gonna be the mummy it's gonna
be Frankenstein it's gonna be you know
Wolfman they're all gonna come together
it's gonna be some kind of like monster
orgy or whatever that was the idea the
problem was that you know the mummy
sucked ass and it was it was it had all
the problems of both Batman V Superman
and Iron Man to combine together or the
film was like one hour of actual movie
and plot and the other hour and a half
was like setting up the universe it was
just like exposition blow up non-stop
dude and people agree that the mummy who
sucked ass and that this whole dark
universe completely fell apart so so
yeah obviously Universal wants to have
that that Disney level success but they
can't they couldn't pull off together
here and and of course they will remain
petty as a show
to make their competitor get [ __ ] over
not you know did not have any option and
having them reacquire the rights to halt
to make their MCU even better so going
back to your at question here would uh
I'm sorry I have your camera cover me
fix real quick and I'm to uh answer
question here would Sony ever sell
Spider Man back to Disney [ __ ] no it has
to be somewhere in a tune of like if I
don't owe you a number right now Steven
it's probably somewhere in the realm of
like three billion dollars minimum
easily to buy back spider-man you looked
alike cuz think about it right you get
back because once they have it they have
it for life so you'd have to like study
one evaluate that it's probably like you
know you need to give us like enough
money for us to like literally produce a
fuckload of films that to compensate for
the loss of Spider never have a camera
again so it would be yeah it's gonna be
a [ __ ] ton of money of course Disney
could pay that confront that bill but
Disney just paid seventy two billion
dollars to acquire Fox so I imagine that
and then also all the recent Fox movies
flopped including especially x-men Dark
Phoenix the terrible in box office was
also a terrible film
though I imagine Disney when I was
probably like hurting on wanting to like
you know recoup their lost something
from the Fox acquisition that are
probably not really eager to like
benefit on the money right now sure
so alright I gave you like a really
really long nerdy answer I apologize I
don't care that much but uh yeah no
that's um that's where we are right now
with it so hypothetically here if if
Sony doesn't get a deal with Disney here
then I imagine that doesn't have no
choice but to the right Peter Parker
spider-man I don't think I'm see you and
if they did mm-hmm
Michael I would kind of suck my
consumerism and fanboy would be like man
I actually enjoy Peter Parker right now
in the MCU I would hate to see him go
but I also have a huge disdain for just
like how absurdly powerful Disney's
getting now that's actually really
really scary sure but I mean like I
don't know like it's not like Sunny's
gonna make like good spider-man movies
or something - right so there's really
helped yeah it doesn't help either yeah
so he's been very incompetent in fact if
you uh if you should look into it if you
haven't already the UH if you wondering
how incompetent they were you know have
you have you seen the other spider-man
films have you seen amazing spider-man
wanted to I didn't watch theme no no we
I've watched him a cinnamon one and I
think I watched all three of the Tobey
Maguire domes right yeah okay so you
mean spider-man 2 the the one from 2014
I did not that's yeah it's the second
one for major Garfield it's terrible
it's so bad it's dude it's so any like
any critique em about business but I'm
in one take that times 10 times 50 dude
it is it is Lu L bad it's a it's
actually it's so bad and incompetent at
what it's trying to do it in the for
this myth it must make you make you feel
it's actually like a great like I don't
know like stoner movie or like you know
every time you have a question what the
plot
Anthony ever a question mark question
more question mark take a shot you'd be
dead before an hour and into it's just
like Peter Parker is a hypocrite it was
a manipulative son of a [ __ ] it's the
whole thing is just like no one behaves
it correct or appropriate and nothing
makes any sense the villain Peter Parker
Gwen Osborn
the father they are everyone's stupid no
one makes any sense it's like papaya the
movie it's dumb as [ __ ] so and the
reason why it's so bad is because there
was a lot of corporate meddling into the
direction of the film dude they were
trying to like bro can you imagine if
Peter if spider-man like used the
snapchat
the snapchat app on his phone while web
singing they were they were trying to
get um they were debating stuff like
that actually going on or know what
they're trying to get they're trying to
like use like uh some some really
lucrative product placement deal and he
wanted to have like I believe snatch I
was almost one of the ones they're gonna
they look like a big-time part of the
thing like it's gonna be like integral
to the plot that like you know a snap
that he sends to Wednesday's he actually
got misinterpreted and then it was like
you know I don't know there's gonna be
this thing we're like you you could
follow up spider-man on snapchat there's
only this huge big marketing campaign
was going to be like enter but
interwoven into the plot there's gonna
be a very data thing dude cuz like can
you imagine like snapchat being that big
of a deal in 2019 it would've been it
would been super dated it was gonna be
really really cringe so yeah that was a
that was the thing that almost happened
because of the short sadness somebody's
somebody's like executive producers on
the film and this is only known because
there was actually a Sony database a
breach and some of there were
confidential private emails were leaked
out and you could and you could see
these like mare soup dude like hyper
boomers who they're like do kids like
snapchat maybe we should have Peter
Parker have a snapchat movie I was like
I don't think something to do it was it
was terrible dude
you can look into it it's it's it's
[ __ ] terrible dude damn but yeah if
you if you trust Sony with that I mean
you're a mildly delusional because then
have to also ask here for my other other
counterpoint being that you know did you
think venom was a good film
um I mean I watched it with Nathan I
thought it was okay that's right it's
okay it's a huge mess I only like the
parts where venom and Tom Hardy as the
host we're like trying to bond that's
like yeah it's like 25 minutes of the
film the rest of it's [ __ ] awful I
just I don't know it's like I like a
part of it
I think the sequel could be inevitably
better because they they have the boring
part done you know introduce venom venom
finds a host now they're now they're
buddy-buddy like from hereon venom to
would speed them like bonding and
kicking ass and doing [ __ ] so now it'll
be a better film but venom one was a
[ __ ] show in my opinion so yeah I mean I
don't know I didn't think there was
enough there for me to hate the movie
but there were really wasn't a lot there
you know like so I just kind of like
walked away from it thinking like yeah I
could seem like if I go to a theater to
watch of whatever action movie I guess
it was oh gosh well I mean if you owe me
hey if you want to watch whatever action
do we should bro I'm not gonna lie to
you if you if you if you would go I
would go if you go see um
Hobbs and Shaw the new Fast and Furious
film I'll go see it just so we can [ __ ]
on it when we come back in the next
meeting don't talk about the new Fast
and Furious movie yeah it's the new Fast
and Furious spin-off that has that's
it's a spin-off that stars the rock and
Jason stat him and it's a yeah it's it's
super over-the-top like it's it's
absolutely the biggest like [ __ ] show in
the [ __ ] world dude
like this this movie makes Fast &
Furious 8 look like a grounded film in
reality by comparison now that film was
like Looney Tunes AF dude
Oh Priya I'm stinging wrong it's not
it's not stat him it's a stab them isn't
it Davin sorry I've never I've never you
know I I've only heard it said audibly I
don't know how it's spelled so I pour
some I'm gonna pronounce it wrong here
so I'm sorry about that
uh-huh I'm I'm at it I'll try to see it
maybe Friday or Saturday we'll see oh
okay what well Haley tweet me tweet me
when you confirm you're like yeah that
way I know that way I know to go cuz I
can't be like cuz you right now give me
kinda like a mix vibe like I might go I
might not go and I'm not gonna go see
lunch you go see it so you gotta go see
it let me know that way I go see it too
that we come back here when you talk
about like how far things have come here
because you you just submitted here you
said that you would you know go see
action film I'll turn my brain off I'll
see it well this is the film that will
will test you on that man like turn your
brain off all the way dude so I love I
want to go there see it for legitimate
reasons but I would go see it for a free
[ __ ] posting for for equality it's a to
make up for a quality podcast and spin
Lac in the last two weeks
sure hold on give me one account
this one of these out in theaters now
right yeah it came out uh
I think like August wealth or so let me
see here when is this a hope is still
playing in my area now for a couple
weeks now
yeah yeah
yeah I can go see it okay all right I'll
let you know today if I'm gonna sit on
Friday okay okay sounds good okay
she has my phone calling me um well wrap
us up in is there anything else we'll
talk about here um no I think that's
about it for now keep an eye out for
interesting stuff I might not be here
next week cuz I might be out of town
am I going on a mini trip so okay well
I'm glad we had um well one I I
appreciate our talks I appreciate you
know you coming through and doing this
thing for me we'll be right here with
the mental from the real talk here I'm
I'm on the ground uh you know do better
and everything else every day
okay yeah well hey listen I'll talk to
you anytime you want
it's been fun chatting give me um I'll
see you if not next week than the week
after I go all right for sure you geez
man I'll catch you next time
all right I love you buddy have fun bye
later so the question here now is like
so now they you know they're we now know
this is hot water and even though the
next
