hey everybody its faraday here today I'm
joined by Michael Albert and Steven
bonel destiny so for anybody that
doesn't know
destiny is a twitch streamer in youtuber
who produces content and which he
debates people on different sides of the
political spectrum he is famous for his
debates against the alt-right in which
many people have credit him for
beginning their process of
de-radicalization
michael has been active in seeking
social change in his whole adult life
including founding and working at the
South End press then Z Magazine and the
web system called Xena he has also done
much writing including about the
economic vision called participant
participatory economics or Paracon and
sometimes also called participatory
socialism which he co originated with
Robin Donnell and about the broader
social vision including other aspects of
life which he has also helped develop
Michael is currently hosting a podcast
titled revolution Z which focuses on
issues of vision and strategy and is
also trying to solicit interest in a
screenplay he has written titled the
next American Revolution is there
anything you guys wanted to say about
your introductions before I move on to
the questions or the topics not me all
right sounds good so ok chat so today a
radical reviewer you guys can thank him
for setting this up he got Michael on
here because he wanted to see a
conversation between him and Steven and
so I asked Michael to send over some
topics for debate and so here's what we
have one what constitutes a good economy
2 does either capitalism or socialism
qualify and if not 3 what would be
better so Steven I'll go ahead and let
you start with that if you'd like and
then we'll just go from there ok so I
would say like a good economy there's
like two parts to it one is like the
actual like allocation of resources to
make sure that resources are being
allocated in a relatively efficient
manner I mean there's not a lot of waste
and then another would be that like some
hopefully some like bare minimum
standards are being met that we would
decide in a society should be met for
citizens
so for instance that people have health
care provided to them have the means to
secure some form of housing can acquire
in education have transport stuff like
that like kind of like broadly roughly I
would say that like those are like the
two important parts of like any economic
system for me and then did you want me
to answer the capitalism social little
questionnaire well why don't we stick
with this for a little while yeah I have
a question for you huh why do you set
the bar so low that is to say why not
demand of an economy or at least desire
of an economy and see if you can attain
it more than you say that it cause
people to be solid artists with one
another to have a sense of empathy
instead of a rat race in which they view
each other as means to personal ends or
that it delivered to people and ability
to control their own lives to
self-manage now I guess if you think
these things are impossible okay but if
these things are conceivable wouldn't we
want an economy to deliver them and more
besides um so there are two parts to
this so the first one is deliver to
people a means to control their own
lives that can mean a lot of different
things so yeah so like in so far as like
just the ability to transport yourself
and to like get an education and move I
would hope that like a capitalist system
should be able to provide this or my
like ideal economic system should be
able to provide for this as a baseline
I'm guessing when you say I means to
control their lives you mean probably
more robust than that like the ability
yeah yeah for sure
I mean these are things so I I draw a
distinction between like economic system
and policy so these are things that I
would hope to achieve with some sort of
government policy because I don't know
if there's any economic system that
could like just by virtue of setting up
or establishing that economic system
will deliver on these things like giving
a bit like yeah very high standards of
everything but but wouldn't you agree
that if an economic system could be
structured in such a way that people had
managing say over their lives that they
had a an influence on decisions roughly
in proportion to the degree that they're
affected say that that would be a good
thing the closer you could get to that
the better it would be the more that the
economy instead created the situation in
which you had virtually no say over most
of the economic choices of society
what's produced how much is produced
where it goes that would be a worse
thing and similarly just to throw in one
more thing there's a question of what
people get so the economy produces a
whole bunch of stuff call it a big pie
well what share do you get do we want a
situation in which an economy delivers
some kind of equitable share to
everybody wouldn't it be better to the
extent that we had that so in other
words I'm I'm saying that beyond what
you began with probably you won't stop
there but beyond what you began with we
just shouldn't waste stuff which I agree
with we should allocate in a sensible in
a and if possible and it is possible and
an efficient fashion beyond that the
economy should also not push us into
being our worst selves but help us be
our best selves where that means
solidarity with one another equitable
relations with one another a fair
allocation of resources and outputs and
so on and control over our lives if we
could do all that wouldn't you agree
that that would be desirable yeah so I I
would say yes with two caveats the first
is that I don't intrinsically care about
like democratic choices or democracy I
have a big like consequentialist Bend
when it comes to societal outcomes so if
you could demonstrate some system that
would produce all of these like positive
effects on people's lives that was very
undemocratic I'd be okay with that if
you could achieve it through democratic
means which I am generally in favor of
then I would be in favor of that as well
but assuming that everything you said
was true if there was some economic
system that could like remedy all these
problems without even needing
complicated government policy then yeah
of course I would I would have to be in
favor of that unless I have some strange
marriage to like capitalist ideology or
something okay and and we probably will
agree also I think
we might feel it's the best you could do
but we will probably agree that
capitalism doesn't deliver to people
control over their lives it doesn't
deliver to people working in a workplace
and a corporation control over their
work lives for example and it doesn't
deliver to consumers people living in
neighborhoods control over the
allocation of resources to public goods
it doesn't even deliver the stuff that
you talked about at the beginning but I
want to spend a lot of time on the
extremes in other words it doesn't
deliver housing perfect for everybody it
doesn't deliver health care it doesn't
deliver you know but it could let's say
could I want to go well beyond that sure
yeah I like I hesitantly agree but I
have to be careful because the way that
you use some of these words if I agree
too much then I've already agreed with
everything you said so I guess like - or
I'm gonna agree with your final
conclusions if I grant so much here so
when you talk about like just capitalism
yield like some level of control I mean
it does for instance we can make choices
about which consumer goods we want to
buy to some extent where we want to live
to some extent that you know that we
have we exercise some control with our
wallets right now the the type of
control that we excerpt is probably not
as great a degree as what you would like
I'm guessing you're gonna say that but
but I would be careful like I wouldn't
agree that capitalism gives us no
control I think yeah I didn't say it
gives us no call it influence it
certainly gives us some influence it
gives it gives some people a whole lot
of influence check right gives the
people who own workplaces and who have
fortunes on the consumer side and who
own workplaces on the producer side it
gives them a whole lot of control a
whole lot of influence
it gives doctors lawyers engineers
managers less but a significant amount
of influence but then it gives people
who are in rote jobs in in repetitive
jobs much less influence virtually no
influence over their work lives in fact
if you think about it I think even
Stalin right as horrendous a political
figure as most people in the United
States can dream up to talk about even
Stalin never dreamed of telling people
when they can
go to the bathroom but owners of
workplaces routinely established norms
about when it's ok and when it's not ok
to go to the bathroom so the amount of
control that most working people have
not the managers not the owners
certainly not the accountants not the
engineers but most repetitive working
people / working people in jobs that
aren't empowering the amount of control
that they have is very nearly nil over
their work lives I think that's just I
mean yeah I kind of I think I don't know
about XD I'm sure somewhere in the
Soviet Union they probably had scheduled
bathroom breaks somewhere I imagine and
I don't find that would just be terrible
well I guess it depends on the type of
job you have right really and then the
words should it be the case that in the
United States the owner or in the Soviet
Union which in my eyes is a despicable
economy or in the Soviet Union a central
planner or a manager in a firm right
determines what the what the arrangement
of a work life is whether or not you can
go to the bathroom at certain times how
long the work day is how you work with
each other etc etc I mean these are
things that I assume you would like to
do away with if we could I guess
possibly I I don't think there's a
disagreement here but I mean like I
think we could agree that like say let's
say for as we both agree that the TSA is
necessary you probably don't everybody
you don't want every wife or I'm sorry
the the Transport Security
Administration the United States the
people's you like security at airports
you probably don't want like all of them
going on a bathroom break at the same
time and letting anybody walk through
sure yeah so I mean yeah so I mean so
far as like necessary stuff like that is
what I mean by dictating bathroom breaks
I mean in terms of like managers just
being cruel or something is kind of
silly like I wouldn't want to have to
happen of course but yeah I don't we
probably don't have a major disagreement
or anything but okay okay
and now what about equitable outcomes in
other words the workforce produces a
whole lot of stuff
the stuff gets distributed it gets
distributed because you get an income
and that gives you a share of the of the
total product right so so we get a share
of the total product what kind of share
do you think forget about whether we can
accomplish it for a moment what kind of
share do you think is really equitable
it is really fair so this is where we're
gonna probably diverge pretty hard so I
don't believe like in concepts of like
fair when it comes to like an analysis
of economic systems this is usually what
I would use like government policy to
shore up like I can tell you what fair
means like in a capitalist sense right
that you're the the labor that you
provide to somebody it's paid what a
market is willing to pay for it which is
kind of like circular but like that's
how I would like see like well is
something fair not fair
and then you would try to find like
maybe market failures that inhibit like
one side from being able to negotiate
fair wage you're selling but yeah but
you're assuming your goal I mean you're
assuming the end you're assuming that
these institutions are the way things
are and if I thought these institutions
were the way things are I might say
something very similar alright but I'm
suggesting can we at least entertain the
possibility that maybe we could have a
different set of institutions that have
different outcomes and if we could do
that right yeah what kind of outcomes
would we want yeah of course yeah we we
entertain ideas all day here yeah what
kind of all right let me suggest
something sure I don't think income
should be a function of power I don't
think you should be able to have what
you can take okay would you agree with
that
well it depends on what your alternative
is gonna be okay I don't want worse
obviously than anything that I'm gonna
say of course anything you say you're
gonna feel is better right yeah I mean
like we both for instance agree that
central planning of the Soviet Union did
not turn out well right and but they
thought that was better than a market
forces or whatever determining things so
well we should be a little careful I
hated the Soviet system okay but
actually not because central planning
didn't work although I think it didn't
work but I think it didn't work for
different reasons probably than you
think it didn't work I think it didn't
work as it was authoritarian do you
think it didn't work because it didn't
get the economic job done am i right
about that yeah the calculation problem
basically yeah
okay well the authoritarianism probably
played into a little bit but okay but
neither one of real but I don't want to
debate that because I don't want to
defend that system but I would ask you
to think about just this when people
think that the central planning and the
Soviet Union didn't work they compared
the Soviet Union to the United States
but if you compare the Soviet Union to
say I don't know Brazil which at the
time of the Soviet revolution was in
comparable condition to the Soviet Union
at that time and then you look 50 59
years later or 60 years later or 70
years later and you compare the two
countries Soviet Union is doing vastly
better by the standards that you would
describe worse than the US but better
than countries that were comparable at
the time of the revolution now it was
more authoritarian well that might not
be ejected on those grounds well that
might be possible I don't know if I
would credit that to central planning
right it's impossible that the
industrialization of a country with a
very large population that had the
natural resources to grow would have got
me there almost any economics that's why
I compared it to Brazil okay which
Brazil is like the Saint Brazil is like
a one-to-one comparison with the Soviet
you know nothing that would be
one-to-one but it's a large country with
ample resources etc etc but let me let
me ask you a slightly different question
about central planning General Motors is
centrally planned okay that is to say
most of the decisions inside General
Motors or Boeing or any of these other
huge corporations they don't have
internal markets right the divisions of
general plan of General Motors don't
distribute things among themselves via
market system they do it via a central
planning now I don't like that well I
think it's defending it when you say
they did it works when you say they do
it via central planning central planning
in response to what I'm not sure what
you mean by in response how did you
learn how to centrally planning system
yeah well the market forces right no the
the external relations of General Motors
are to the market
yeah but the internal dynamics of
General Motors right our planned
and so the fern since the the production
of various components right and the
distribution of those components and the
timing and everything else internally is
basically planned there are no markers
inside General Motors you don't think
there's an art department that doesn't
keep track of like the cost yes there is
an accounting department that's called
planning yeah but at the end of the day
these inputs and outputs are all going
to ultimately be influenced by like the
external markets that are driving these
things like the right be suppose like I
wouldn't agree with calling this central
planning like central planning the idea
is that like your whole mode of
production like the inputs and outputs
aren't like based on market forces
I don't know planning in Brazil could
you you could right okay you could have
it in Belgium too right
sure okay so Belgium is a much smaller
country than Brazil can you have it in a
corporation that has a net input and
output of stuff right that's bigger than
Belgium's I guess you yes it here but I
think that General Motors and Boeing
have economies they there are economies
that are larger than Belgium sure I
guess like that because these are like
like Belgium could be like its own
internal like centrally planned thing
but corporations can't really be their
own internal central the plan thing like
they're funded by money they need
revenue they need capital like they
can't just we could talk about it for a
long time it'd be interesting right but
all I'm doing here when we have this
discussion is I'm sort of I'm saying I
don't want to agree with you that the
problem with central planning was that
it couldn't do any of its rather mundane
economic functions it could it the
problem with it is that it was atrocious
that it was an ugly system that it that
imposed authoritarian relations in the
economy that it meant that the workplace
in the Soviet Union was very little
different than the workplace in the
United States it had the same corporate
division of labor right in other words
about 20 percent of the work for
course had all the empowering work and
80% just basically obeyed and that was
the way the workplace in the Soviet
Union was organized it's also the way
workplaces in the United States are
organized so that much is very similar
about the two systems and that's what I
don't like I don't like the division of
society so that some people have
tremendous power and other people
basically follow out what those former
folks decree will happen I don't like
that in the economy and I'm saying I
would agree with you if we can't fix
that okay then what we would have to do
is have an economy which creates those
problems and we'd have to try and have
government policies to ameliorate them
okay
right to reduce the harm of them I agree
with you but if we could change the
economy so it didn't create those
problems in the first place and so
instead it created the situation which
you know we'd like right yeah I mean I
I'm gonna agree with you if you have an
economy that can remedy all these
problems enough the need for external
policy would be superior of course
alright so now what we have to now in
the second part of the well let's let's
we didn't finish with the income thing
which I have to admit I was a little
surprised and I was thinking about it
while talking about other things by your
saying that you didn't care about
democracy that much
I'm similar in a way okay I care about
something called self-management and in
some situations democracy is the best
approximation of that but suppose you
have a thermostat in the wall in your
room right there huh okay we're not
going to vote each of us having an equal
vote on whether or not you turn that
thermostat up or down okay why not
because it's my thermostat proximity
local yeah it's gonna affect you
yeah right that's the real issue that
it's gonna so and let's suppose that I
don't know if you're in a house but
let's make believe you're in a house and
there are other people in the house and
if you change that thermostat it's going
to affect those other people so they
should have some say
in it too right sure okay that's what I
care about I care about having an
arrangement of institutions whether
we're talking about the Pala the
political institutions or economic in
which people who are affected by
decisions have a say in them and indeed
to the extent possible you can't do it
perfectly but to the extent possible
they should sort of have have a
proportionate say that's why you get
complete say over that thermostat in
your room compared to me and a lot of
say compared to other people in the
house okay so we all I think we all
agree with that it's so simple minded in
it so but what we don't do is think
about whether or not an institution can
deliver it okay if it could that would
be good right theoretically yeah yeah
okay all right so back to distribution
of stuff and let me propose something
for you and you tell me what you don't
like about it if there is something you
don't like about it okay I don't think
people should get stuff because they can
take it because they have bargaining
power because they because they have
more power than others and they can sort
of take more I don't like some people do
like that Al Capone the famous crook you
know the famous okay
Al Capone was asked whether or not he
like the United States once in an
interview okay and he said yes I love
the United States it's fantastic the
interviewer said why and he said well
you get to keep what you can take it's
basically a thug's formulation of what
distribution should be yeah more power
you take more I don't believe that I
also don't believe that people should
get for property people should write for
property get income for property in
other words you want to yeah so in other
words if you own Microsoft you have a
piece of paper in your pocket which says
that you own Microsoft then you get you
know more income than the entire
population of Guatemala
say or you know four or five of those
people get more income than 50% of the
population of the United States and why
because they have a piece of paper in
their pocket that's literally the reason
that's the only thing that's required
that deed to property so maybe it's
necessary right we have we're not
talking about that maybe maybe there's
no way around it but if there is a way
around that I'd rather not have people
who own property and then get income
based upon what that property generates
in the economy and therefore own
fortunes all right so the last one this
is the controversial one perhaps mmm-hmm
I don't believe that people should get
income by virtue of having been born
with certain talents or skills or
capacities so I don't think that because
you're born with very fast very strong
very quick very musical whatever it
might be whatever that talent might be
because you're born blessed with that
talent we should pile on top of that
money we should pile on top of that
income right you didn't do anything to
just like you didn't do anything to be
born the the kid of a rich parent who
inherits property you didn't do anything
to be born with with these talents right
and it's it's a great blessing but
there's no particular reason why you
should be given a great amount of wealth
on top of it I don't think so for me
when it comes down to is this you should
get income for how hard you work for how
long you work and for the ownerís nosov
the conditions under which you work as
long as you're doing socially valuable
labor right you have to be producing
something that's valued and then you get
income for how long how hard and how
owners the conditions are and that's it
so how does that separate from the
talent
if someone's like naturally faster than
they might be able to do work faster if
they're if they're born smarter they'll
be able to get more work done soon did
you but I didn't trust that out yep okay
yes I didn't say that it was the amount
of work that they do all right or the
amount of product so you're right if we
say that we're going to give you two
guys go out in the agricultural field
one is much bigger and stronger and one
is smaller and they cut they do whatever
it is that they do for eight hours and
the big strong person has a huge pile of
stuff and the other person has a little
you know a fourth is big okay so you're
right so that that in intrinsic inherent
inherited genetic endowment makes a
difference but I didn't say we reward or
we're immune rate or we give income for
the amount of product I said we give it
for how hard you work how long you work
and the owner isness of the conditions
under which you work that's not the same
thing right if you happen to have better
tools you'll produce more but you don't
get rewarded for how much you produce
you get rewarded goes out into a field
and he gives it 120% and a big guy goes
out gives it 100% big guy brings back
twice as much as a small guy assuming
you could measure the effort of their
work you would play a small guy more
because he's working harder under
similar conditions exactly okay okay now
set aside for a minute because this is
the only way to think about this a step
at a time
does it work would it be a disaster
and just tell me do you think it's it's
fair equitable I'm very uncomfortable
with using the word fair for economics
if for no other reason because I do you
familiar the concept of determinism yes
I'm a hard-line determinist so I'm like
when you talk about like biological
advantages like I mean I would take that
even further and I would say literally
any advantage you have in life is
completely unearned and even the effort
you put into work is predetermined
that's not really relevant to this but
um I guess like I'm not comfortable like
ascribing fairness to like what people
are paid or not paid I'm just more
concerned with
outcome that people are being taken care
of as best as we can in society so yeah
yeah okay so would you say that we're
taking care of people as best as we can
right if we if if when they work right
uh-huh
they get their income for how much they
can take probably not sure not
necessarily okay or for the property
that they have probably not now this
last one maybe you would say you might
you might I don't know why you would say
it but okay Michael Jordan's earns or
let's say LeBron James I'm older LeBron
James earns I don't even know what a
salary is but let's say it's 20 million
dollars a year okay
does is his product worth more or less
than twenty million dollars do you think
well that word worth had that really
depends on it's on my world in my see
yeah in our world right now yeah of
course if somebody's willing to pay for
something then it's worth whatever
someone's willing to pay for it is what
I would say okay but well but wait a
minute yeah no that's that's not clear
LeBron's product is what in plank
basketball sure the enter tammany
provides yeah him playing baseball yeah
okay so and the owner pays him let's say
twenty million dollars a year okay or
was that was the product right worth
twenty million dollars more or less I
mean I think I see where you're leading
me if we're going to exploitation of
Labor the his obviously his labor who's
worth more something I don't believe in
most in those terms okay well my case
yeah I mean I'd say that literally by
definition if you have the beautiful
asbestos house made of pure gold blah
blah blah blah if people are only
willing to pay you one dollar for it
that's it's worth one dollar and in a
capitalist in a market economy things
are worth how much for people willing to
pay for LeBrun's to see LeBrons play
well a court well in this theoretical
example it's 20 million by the owner
hold on a minute okay they were the only
ones paying they were praying LeBron
okay but the audience right all over the
world
is paying to see LeBron play okay so his
the worth of his product is is a lot
more than twenty million dollars I
disagree I mean we're going to like
there's no economist in the world who
would disagree with this so I wonder why
you disagree one pressure every
economist in the world would disagree
with this
so like the worth of like it depends
exactly what you're talking about would
like that for that problem that worth
word can mean like a lot of things like
how much is a how much is a cheeseburger
worth well I don't know is it just the
products and goods that go into it is it
the actual labor time that goes into
creating it like is it what somebody's
willing to pay for it all right yeah
something you want that last one right
yeah that's what I aim for that's what I
saw Perry's worth but I would argue that
like a hamburger is worth 50 cents for
the patty somebody else better get well
it's worth 50 cents plus the 50 cents to
make it so well yeah always like to do
it your way we don't have to argue about
it okay okay
you said mm-hmm what the thing that you
want your eye on yeah and I want my eye
on it too how much do people value it
it's nothing it's not somewhat abstract
number that's on a on a wall someplace
right it's it's how much do people value
it and at different periods of time
people might value it differently okay
so so the hamburger is let's say people
will pay seven bucks for it okay all
right okay so that's what they'll pay
for it okay okay back to LeBron James
okay
the people watching LeBron James in some
total pay let's say 50 million dollars
for it yeah but that sum total doesn't
firstly there's a lot of pros of this so
firstly nobody is paying just to see
LeBron James ever fine but we both know
that come on
well no no no no because this is all
like that you can't just like strip away
all these parts cuz then obviously my
arguments he's absurd so firstly
nobody's paying to see LeBron James
they're paying to see LeBron James play
in the NBA right so that's already like
one huge thing so you're paying for
access for an entire institution firstly
secondly no individual is willing to
offer LeBron James over 20 million
dollars collectively if everybody wants
to throw one or two dollars Adam
well like LeBron
LeBron doesn't have a way to collect you
know that that type of revenue now maybe
they all came together they form some
investment structure and then bought him
out to go do something they could but
like it's a little bit more complicated
they're saying well since everybody is
willing to pay some amount of money to
see an institution that contains LeBron
James therefore he's worth more than 20
million I think I II reject that
analysis I think it's too simplistic
there's a lot of stuff that's going on
here in terms of stuff that's building
value Oh James okay I'm I'm not sure how
we're gonna get past this okay but let's
try you said that the the Hamburglar it
made sense to you to say what what the
hamburger is worth in society turns out
to be let's say about $7 the amount that
whatever it is the amount that you know
people are willing to pay to get the
hamburger okay right okay so if somebody
produced you know a hundred hamburgers
it would be $700 if somebody produced a
thousand it would be $7,000
now you could produce too many so it was
waste okay so yeah
let's forget about that okay so so if
the if the the person is producing
hamburgers and they put and they produce
long enough to produce I don't know 100
hamburgers okay do you think we should
pay them $700
what should what do you mean by what
should we pay them what we ought to pay
them or what should is also really
loaded word well yeah I mean I don't
welcome should can be like morally like
what are they and if I'm not willing to
say should if you're not willing to say
or if you're not willing to say what's
right what's better and what's worse
then there's no way to evaluate anything
no there you can't say something is bad
and so you have to stick with what you
have known okay hold on I totally reject
us so we can make normative statements
without them being moral for instance
you ought to run 100 yards to do a
100-yard dash
that's an amoral claim but it's still
normative right so if you tell me like
what ought we pay for a cheeseburger
well that ought can be a more lot like
what are they that's the taper ship not
intrinsically No
are you against slavery not
intrinsically but with the way that it
plays out generally yeah it's very hard
that like slavery is much really we can
have much discussion III don't know how
to maybe you should maybe I should offer
something positive and you should take
these use that you have an attack it
okay because I can't I can't if you
can't say that you're against slavery if
you can't say that you're against
dictatorship okay well here let me ask
you are you opposed and I don't see how
you have any value sure are you opposed
to slavery yes why because slavery many
reasons but the fundamental reason is
that in in a slave arrangement one
person gives up total control over their
life is totally subordinate to a slave
owner it turns out that they also get
very little I would also be against it
if the slave owner was benevolent and
gave them a lot I would even be against
it if the slave owner gave them more
than they might get if they left the
plantation okay so it's the institution
of slavery sure so then so then let me
propose two societies to you in one
society everybody's poor people die of
diseases and sickness people bla bla bla
bla bla
it's a horrible society in another
society people have houses food can get
education etc but they're basically
enslave they have to do like a certain
type of job right which site which
society to do favor there and why if
everybody is dying right that society is
completely impossible to have any
positive sentiment toward right people
dying in the slave society that you
describe and people have houses etc it
makes no sense because in slavery you
don't have your own house you don't have
anything but let's imagine a society
like that and and we come close to this
society because we have wage slavery but
in any case in that society there would
be some good and some bad
ok so my position and your position
probably aren't as far off now when you
ask me am I would I ever be okay with
slavery pragmatically it's almost
impossible to conceive of a scenario
where you have the banana
slavers like that yeah of course yeah
but but I'm just saying that like
intrinsically I don't value a notion of
like freedom or liberating I don't care
about like freedom and liberty now what
do you care about that like people's
outcomes are generally elevated so like
you haven't okay wait wait I get that
okay yeah but isn't part of the outcome
all right
so in other words we function in the
economy yeah right one part of the
outcome is that we get an income and we
use that to consume housing and shack
and food and everything else okay that's
one part of the outcome isn't another
part of the outcome whether or not we're
a lien ated whether or not we have
control over our lives whether or not
we're subordinate to other people isn't
that an outcome yeah absolutely so just
real quick just for anything earlier so
the reason why I generally like freedom
or like Liberty is because I think that
the outcomes associated with that are
generally better than like totalitarian
outcomes for individual people but I
yeah but if you could show me so like
for instance I think that there are
compelling arguments now Holocaust in
the wiggers aside and all the other
Korbel stuff China does China is able to
move in a very efficient manner they
have like a state totalitarian
capitalist kind of economy and they're
able to move very efficiently as a
result of that I think you can make
strong arguments in favor of that even
though they have severely restricted
freedoms I'm just like I'm just trying
to say that like intrinsically like
freedom isn't care but I'm just looking
at like there are trade-offs yeah sure
what you're pointing out is that there
are trade-offs sure I agree but what I'm
trying to get at is if we could decide
that there were some things that we
thought other things equal right let's
do it that way for a minute check other
things equal more of X is better so I
would say more more people with more say
over their lives as long as they're not
infringing on other people say over
their lives right it's better if it
doesn't diminish other stuff even more
dramatically yeah all else equal then
yeah more freedom is probably better
humans seem to enjoy being able to make
choices between things sometimes okay
how about I say probably I say probably
because there is a paradox of choice
when you present people more choices
oftentimes they're less happy with what
they choose than if they wouldn't but
like fridge in general I agree with you
I'm being an opening I just diversity
would people prefer more or less
diversity like it is is more diversity
of the things equal right better than
more homogeneity I think that gets more
that gets more fundamental than
economics I would say yes but like a
white nationalist would probably say no
or some other type of like ethnic
national food saver in that sense but
all senses diverse products diverse
cultural options diverse living
situations diverse etc I mean yeah me
personally I like that I like a
diversity of these types of things
because you can enjoy various options
yourself exactly yeah and because even
more additionally even you can't do
everything
none of us could do everything right so
if other people are doing other things
we can vicariously enjoy and learn from
that also yeah it's possible sure okay
okay what about solidarity the idea that
a society is better to the extent that
people are concerned with each other's
well-being and so the greater that level
of solidarity right the the greater the
extent to which people aren't
anti-social right aren't totally
concerned with the most narrow you know
just themselves but are have empathy
with others that makes for better
outcomes and that outcome itself is
better and it also makes for other
better outcomes yeah yeah of course yeah
okay and now we're back to self
management which I don't know whether we
ever gonna agree on anyway okay this is
economic model called participatory
economics or participatory socialism yep
it purports to be an alternative to what
has been called twentieth-century
socialism what's been called
centrally-planned socialism market
socialism and capitalism in other words
it's different from all of them
and it tries I would argue it does but
that's just me right it tries to deliver
a set avec or to it to offer to provide
a set of economic institutions in which
people's income is a function of how
long they work how hard they work in the
the intensity that they work and the
owner is Miss and issues under which
they work as long as they're doing
socially useful labor so in other words
I can't dig holes and fill them in
really strenuously also it real quick
just because I know idiots will ask the
question you would make obvious
exceptions here for like disabled people
and stuff like force everybody gets
people get so it would also deliver to
the extent possible in all circumstances
self-management meaning people would
have a say in the decisions that affect
them proportionate agree with their
affected it would deliver by virtue of
its roles by virtue of the implications
of the jobs right concern mutual concern
call it mutual aid if you want so in
other words if a market if we could
agree I don't know whether we can but if
we could agree that a market is a is a
contest in which you get ahead but
somebody else loses and in which you
have a narrow perspective looking at
your own well-being but not any other
anybody else's well-being and then it
produces that kind of individual
individualism
well the assertion is that the
institutions of participatory economics
do the opposite they create a context in
which people come to be aware of and be
concerned about other people's
well-being because they're all mutually
connected and their their well-being is
quite mutually connected now if what I'm
asking you I guess at this point I would
think you would you would think this
guy's crazy there is no such economy
which would be fine but if there was
such an economy if an economy could
deliver equity if it could deliver
self-management if it could live a
solidarity
diversity and if it could be efficient
if it could get the job done right
wouldn't that be a desirable economy to
have yeah course okay so now my task
would be to convince you that the
institutions that I favor are actually
institutions that can accomplish that
okay that's the hard task that I have
right and I now and let's call it
participatory socialism since that's a
word that since Bernie Sanders has come
into vogue okay so the we can start with
we can start with your idea on jobs on
how you differentiate how many hours
people work the types of jobs they work
and then how that works we can okay so
imagine so we're talking about workplace
basically yep and the two changes three
changes that are fundamental that I
would propose the first change is that
you have a workers council and that the
workers council is the prime
decision-making body
now they may be a work team and that
work team might you know be because the
people in it are more affected by the
tasks that they're doing together which
the rest of the workplace isn't doing
they would have responsibilities more
for those tasks than for the whole
workplace but basically the work force
is responsible there's a responsible
decision-making body so workers council
and I know this this council would be
democratically elected by the local
workers of that oh it's the whole work
force oh the whole work force is the
workers council is the workers
counseling that they may delegate
sometimes but the whole work versus the
workers councils okay and sometimes it
would be one person one vote Democrat
Democratic but not always well can you
remember we we said the thing about the
thermostat well the same thing is true
here right that is in the workplace some
decisions would affect some people a
whole lot more than other people and
those decisions those people would have
more saying okay so that's this
principle of self-management and I
workers council now the next issue is
well let me give you a practical example
in Argentina not that long ago there was
an economic crisis and many many firms
got into huge trouble and the owners of
the firms decided to bail out and when
the owners bailed out in almost all
cases the next tier of empowered workers
also bed out bailed out engineers
managers accountants and so on but the
workforces decided because they they
could they had they had nothing except
this job right they decided to take over
the plants and this happened to hundreds
of plants so the workforces took over
and they in fact did create workers
councils okay and they did Institute
Democratic decision making into a degree
even self-managed decision making
they also equalized wages now I wouldn't
exactly do that I would say that workers
should get an average wage if they work
an average amount of time an average
intensity and have our average onerous
conditions and then they would all get
the same but if some were working under
worse circumstances or some were working
longer hours they would get
proportionally more of course there
would be no wide divergence right you
can't work a hundred times as long as
anybody else or a hundred all right so
that was the second thing they did and
just by using these companies how do
they function without like some kind of
white collar work it's like a mountain
city like figure out ordering engineers
for the commons a continuing these firms
were failing it's important to remember
that right so it's not just how do they
function without they were already
failing right so they had to turn things
around okay and and proceed okay they
did that how did they do that well some
people filled those roles is the way
they did it right and I was in a meeting
of about 50 representatives from 50 of
these factories in Argentina okay and at
the beginning of the meeting
and I was there to give a talk and at
the beginning of the meeting I I said
let's go around the room a little bit
and hear about some of your
circumstances and we started to do that
and after and at the beginning people
were quite Lively
you know here they were meeting people
from other parts of the country who were
doing what they were doing and everybody
was upbeat and you know was happy but
after two or three people spoke it
started to get not so happy okay and
after five or seven people spoke it was
maudlin in the room I'm you know I'm not
exaggerating okay and then one person
said you know I never thought I would
say anything like this but maybe Morgan
Thatcher was right maybe there is no
alternative right the British prime
minister who made famous that slogan
there is an alternative all the old crap
is coming back we took over the factory
we we established workers councils we
instituted democracy we equalized wages
we got the job done but it's just it's
begun to feel and just six months the
same way it felt before and some of them
are crying and so then I said why and
they said human nature they said it's
just the way it is it's just the way it
is it's like you shouldn't blow into the
wind and I said well what if it's not
just the way it is how did you deal with
the problem that you needed some people
to do various jobs of the people who
left how did you deal with the problem
that you needed somebody to do
accounting like what erased how did you
deal with the problem that you needed
somebody to do other administrative
previously managerial tasks and they
said well we went around and we asked
who would be willing to do it and people
voted asleep various people volunteered
and we proceeded from there and I said
so
so before very long your workplace had
the same division of labour that it had
had before the owners left right you you
were back to have
a division of labor in which about a
fifth of the workforce was doing
empowering tasks and four-fifths were
simply following instructions and doing
disempowered tasks rotocast repetitive
tasks etcetera and they agreed and ice
and and after a while it became clear
that all the old stuff coming back meant
that that one-fifth of the workforce was
doing all the decision-making even
though everybody could decide right they
created a situation which people had the
right to decide but only one-fifth had
the wherewithal and the information and
the workplace in in skills to
participate in that decision-making so
the third thing oh and I mean you I'm
sure you're thinking well come on
Michael huh these these people who were
rote workers were doing the accounting
and the and the factory turned around
the answer is yes and I was a little
surprised by some of this stuff too
especially the scale of it so in one of
the glass factories that I visited I was
talking to this woman who was doing
accounting and I said well what was your
job before she said I worked at the open
furnace over there and I wouldn't have
lasted out of the ten minutes I mean
literally I mean you know is the
temperature was ludicrous the emotions
were wrote motions over and over again
all day long that was her job and I said
and you took over the job of handling
the books she says yes and I said well
what was the hardest thing that you had
to do to learn in order to do that and
she was sort of bashful didn't want to
answer and so I said well was it
learning accounting concepts no wasn't
learning how to use the spreadsheet no
was it learning how to do the calculus I
had to learn to read
and she wasn't kidding and so the point
is 80% of the population is made
ignorant to fit slots in the economy
that require passivity can so just so I
can be clear here do you think that 95%
of people are capable of stepping into
like 95 percent of society's jobs like
I'm not gonna make each person into
every job no no I think the doctor yeah
well I'm gonna I'm not gonna be that
uncharitable but like it's because
obviously we would agree that doctors
probably shouldn't shuffle around like
this but even insofar as something like
it oh no I would let's wait
there's no shuffling involved in this
okay all right so let's so now the
question is what's the solution then all
right
I mean if it's through so many questions
or even accounting like accounting
insofar as like accounting can be really
hard or accounting can just be like Oh
like I'm just making sure the deposits
line up every day yeah okay if it's true
that a corporate division of labor 20%
of the workforce doing all the
empowering tests and 80% doing
disempowering tasks that's what we have
in the United States that's what they
had in the Soviet Union it's basically
the same call it a corporate division of
labor if it's true that that creates a
context creates outcomes use your your
way of thinking about it creates
outcomes that are that to limit the life
possibilities of 80% of the population
that cause friction between the 20% and
the 80% which it certainly does that
don't utilize the capacities of the 80%
then it's a bad thing it's a negative
thing so what's the solution so we said
what equity was and what the equitable
distribution of income would be in the
self-management for decision-making and
this is the third key feature its
balance job complexes and what it means
is or what it constitutes is that each
person
does an array of tasks as in a job
that's true in every society that ever
exists in every economy that's by
definition but we choose those tasks in
a job in such a way that each person is
doing a fair amount of empowering and
disempowering work and yes that means
that docked current doctors so let's say
there's doctors under the current regime
and let's say it wasn't the case that
they spent most of their time playing
golf and that they really do work 40 50
60 hours a week doing surgery well in
this new kind of economy they would not
do that right they might do 20 hours of
surgery a week and they might clean
bedpans and they might do something else
but they wouldn't do only surgery they
wouldn't do only accounting they went to
only jobs which convey information and
knowledge and skills while other people
are doing jobs which are debilitating
that's the change to balance job
complexes okay that's a bad outcome that
you think might come from that I mean
there are several questions that I have
about this so okay let me I'll just
throw these out here so my first one
would be obviously would be incredibly
difficult I think to determine what is
empowering so difficult to determine
what is empowering that that might even
a vary from person to person
some people might enjoy some types of
work others might enjoy other types of
work so that would be like my first
question my second question want me to
do with each one in turn um yeah I guess
if we can yeah let me just make sure
these I'll try it be quick or - yeah
it's another belt woman what is
empowering that would be the first one
okay it's not about what you like or
don't like I think that's a social
determination so in other words there
are jobs that would be deemed empowering
that I would find or you would find
let's say debilitating but but they're
deemed empowering because doing them
conveys informaton I want to but doing
them if you want to conveys information
and skills and and interactions with
other people social relations
and so on context with right that that
are empowering that is that prepare you
to go to the workers Council and to
participate in it when the people in the
in the in that meeting in Argentina said
all the old crap was coming back
I asked okay what about in your workers
council and they said look what what's
happened is on day one we were all
enthusiastic but by six months in most
of us didn't even go to the meetings
right and the reason they didn't go to
the meetings because they had nothing
much to say they they weren't prepared
they weren't confident they didn't have
the contacts and they didn't have the
knowledge of the workplace to bring
opinions right and so and they didn't
want to just sit there and be told what
to do so they didn't go anymore
it should sound a little bit like
Elections sure so I just kind of like
refocusing I still don't understand how
would I determine like so let's talk
about a doctor versus a janitor I'm
guessing you would say the doctor job is
more empowering that position why is it
more empowering than the janitor because
because when the person who would be
doing let's say doctoring is their
full-time job and the other person who
would be let's keep it in the hospital
cleaning bedpans as their full-time job
right when they go to the workers
council right they would be very very
differently prepared differently
inclined to participate the one would be
exhausted beat up by their job and not
have any information beyond a very
narrow spectrum the other would be very
different
okay hold on I'm focusing really hard on
this cuz I really don't understand
because I you're not saying that like a
doctor wouldn't be like very exhausted
from their job right a lot of doctors
are very exhausted from work they might
be yes well they generally are doctors
work like huge like super long hours
like their job can be incredibly some of
this is pathology okay maybe sure but
like we could also find janitors that
like kind of like enjoyed their work
maybe it's like very easy they do their
job they go home and it's like what I'm
just trying to forget like what is this
even if that's the case even if it's the
case like the happy slave but even if
it's a case that the janitor likes
janitorial work which is possible I
grant you it's still the case that the
work that they're doing is doesn't
convey to them skills information
knowledge contact with other people
let's break this down you keep saying
this okay so this one case so your
skills information knowledge so are you
saying that like we've been making
skilled okay so a more empowering job is
a job when you say decision-making that
gives you more control over your own
schedule or just gives you more general
knowledge just certainly knowledge of
the of your workplace and of
circumstances because you can't
participate in discussions and a
decision-making in an informed way if
you don't have information and knowledge
if you spent all your time working in in
a manner that is rote and repetitive and
obedient right that is far far less
empowering then if you spend your time
in part considering options evaluating
circumstances accumulating information
interacting with other people in an
equal fashion which which leads you well
able to you know talk and discuss and so
on I mean I don't know how much
experience you have in workplaces
so Albert like an example would be like
when I work in a warehouse I work in a
factory box furniture from nowhere this
is Caleb talking oh sorry I try to
remain quiet do anything okay when I
worked in a warehouse I basically just
put things in boxes all day and if we
try to get any more involved in that we
were basically like shut down from that
told not to do that so we made no
decisions we had no we weren't about
empowered over the process that's what
you would describe someone who's not
empowered so to empower us in that
situation we would maybe what they bring
us in like once a week and ask us what
we are what about the process or no this
was the the first reaction to this is
maybe we should shift jobs right in
other words rotate jobs but that's
incredibly inefficient
so that's not a good solution right you
can't you can't rotate you have to right
I hope that's evident the next solution
is you sort of reduce the alienation and
you know have some some interaction
that's what you just proposed right it's
it's a little like you know you live in
a ghetto and it's horrible conditions
and every other week on Saturday you get
to go into suburbia and be in a house
for a day that doesn't solve the problem
you still live in the ghetto if your job
if the totality of what you're doing is
slowly is is debilitating and is
deadening and is not conveying to you
these capacities to participate is in
fact sort of reducing them as school
does by and large for most people
then then you know that kind of addendum
right well better than nothing is not
what I'm talking about what I'm talking
about is we create balance jobs if Joe
was a surgeon in a or Joe and in a
participatory socialist society would
like to do surgery right Joe pursues
surgery and hopefully becomes good
enough at it to be socially valuable
doing it and therefore to be able to
earn an income in part doing surgery but
in the hospital where Joe does surgery
he doesn't only do surgery he also does
rote tasks or repetitive tasks or other
tasks so that his overall job complex is
comparably empowering to other workers
and Joe can go to the workers assembly
to the workers council and participate
but so can everybody else so I'm just
trying because like you're a lot of this
this is like the one of the most
important things of what you're
establishing cuz it's very foundational
and I have ways to address this and
capitalism so I'm not trying like drill
is really hard but I have to
to lean into this really hard because it
feels are gonna ask you like what is
empowering like the skills and
information and knowledge and the way
you work with people like I don't know
how I could possibly measure any of this
like like well I still don't even know
what it means to be empowered it almost
sounds like you're saying like like
white-collar work versus blue collar
work white collar is empowering blue
collars it's almost like when you talk
about like wrote like performance of
tasks for instance like I'm fairly
fairly certain that you could find
lawyers like I've got a friend that
works in corporate law whose job is
probably more rote and miserable than
like an electrician or plumber that
works in the building that those people
probably get to exercise more creative
creativity in terms of problems but like
would we really say that like that work
like the electrician or the plumber is
more empowered than like the lawyer or
maybe I mean you're saying he is and
therefore we would say he is what does
it mean you're asking for some way to to
get a grip on how you assess how can I
like say like this is empowered this is
more empower than this because of why
and and what I'm saying is it's because
when you go to the workers council right
okay the issue is when you go to the
workers council are you prepared to
inclined to right in possession of
information enabling you to participate
as in a full way or are you alienated
and feeling while you're there like you
don't really have any information you
don't know other people you're you you
don't have practice at thinking about
these things and so you're bored so and
you want to get out of there so when you
say participate in a full way it's like
all the other stuff that you just said
about board and everything that I don't
think that definition works because you
earlier you said that like this doesn't
vary from person to person like there
should be I should I was talking about
board at that meeting it's not board on
the job in other words you get bored at
that meeting because you can't
participate because you feel no sense of
of so you're not prepared so is an
empowered job one that gives you more
like a more comprehensive view of the
workplace is that what we say
part of it what other parts are there
then besides that it gives you
confidence it gives you a sense of self
that that enables you to speak up it
gives you information relevant to
decisions that are going to be made okay
so it gives you let cetera so it's
empowered when you're given when you're
given that knowledge over how the
workplace is run do you are you also
given the ability to change that or are
you just given the knowledge itself in
in what in the situation I'm describing
what you just said you said that they
would sure yeah well you're getting the
you're getting some knowledge right and
in the workers counsel you can with the
other workers change things yes that's
who has the power I guess we can we move
on from this if you want but like I like
this sounds like incredibly thorough
like I have no idea how would we all
right let me make it really concrete
okay yeah I worked at the publishing
house called South End press okay all
right now it was a political publishing
house so we did you know we did things
that were anti-racist and anti-sexist
and anti-capitalist and so on but that's
irrelevant to the fact that what we
really did books right okay this was
actually before participatory economics
was fully fleshed out or at least
fleshed out as much as it is now but we
all had inclination x' like this and so
we sat together at the beginning and we
realized that if some people were
editing and other people cleaned the
bathrooms the editors would dominate
every meeting right and an accountant's
in other words if some people did the
the bookkeeping and went to the meeting
with the knowledge of what was going on
in the financial dynamics of of the
publishing house and other people did
the editing and also had sort of
relationships with the authors right
they would come to the meeting and
dominate and so we and we talked about
that because what we wanted was a
situation where everybody participated
the equally in where we
you know how to had a fully democratic
now I would use the term self managing
workplace and so what we did is this we
said let's divide up the work
differently
let's have editing and accounting and
fulfillment that's not personal
fulfillment that's fulfillment of orders
right and work on the books that is
typesetting in those days it was
incredibly tedious and cleaning up the
place and so on so we have all those
kinds of tasks and then we said let's
apportion them out so that everybody has
a mix not the same mix but a mix such
that everybody will come to the meetings
feeling that they can participate and
not feeling inferior to somebody else at
the meeting who is coming with all the
information and all the knowledge and
all the contacts and so on and we did
that that was incredibly efficient
because we got because instead of 80% of
the population being dumbed down in
order to fill slots that are rote and
repetitive and disempowered everybody
was you know to use the army phrase the
idea was to be the best you could be it
was in everybody's interest that
everybody would be the best they could
be in current society that's not true
and current society the reason why the
voice from beyond said that when he was
working in the workplace packing the
boxes if they ever wanted to do anything
more it was stifled it was stifled to
protect the class relations in the
workplace
it wasn't stifled because it would be
inefficient or unproductive it defended
a hierarchy that existed okay so okay so
just okay real quick wait fara dare you
I'm here okay I'm just making sure that
like cuz I'm making my best first ever
best faith ever to understand obviously
so I can engage for this what was that
did you do you feel like you have a good
grasp of what he means when he says that
was like a concrete answer for I'm still
I'm still okay that's fine I guess I'm
just making sure that I'm okay
so a couple problems that I have is that
one we keep using some words that I
don't think you mean that you mean so
for instance if a job is rote or
repetitive that doesn't mean that does
have anything to do I think even in your
definition with the level of empowerment
right so like maybe like the manager of
a company might have a lot of rote or
repetitive tasks but you would say that
his job is more empowered than say like
groundskeeper that might change like the
arrangement of some flowers or something
right if by rote and repetitive you mean
that every week I evaluate the you know
the I don't know the the inputs and
outputs of a plant and make a proposal
about it or something like that and I do
it over and over then yes you're right
by repetitive what I mean is on an
assembly line you repeat the same manual
motion over and over right and that's
it's it's repetitive and it's wrote and
it's mindless if the thing that you're
doing over and over is is involves
conceptualizing the workplace involves
confidently making choices involves
evaluation etc then it's then it's
empowering ok so so I just want to give
a quick example don't you talk through
this because I'm super curious okay so
I'm trying to evaluate who's more
empowered meaning who has more freedom
over the job
feels comfortable proposing things and
meetings feels like they're making a
meaningful difference or they can
exercise some degree of freedom over
choice where they do and I've got three
different groups of people okay I have
doctors
I have maintenance men and I have
accountants so the doctors are
proficient in the surgeries that are
performed they understand how to operate
the high-tech machinery the janitors
understand like where waste is supposed
to be disposed of how to maintain you
know equipment in a basic sense you know
where stuff is stored at on the premises
and the accountants maybe are familiar
with the income and outcome of like how
much money do they make what products do
we need to order how much do things cost
how much money should be allocated to
people how much do we pay people for
payroll right how could I possibly begin
to sort and this triangle of people
every triangle knows nothing about the
other two like a doctor probably doesn't
know anything about how to maintain like
or clean like a bathroom in terms of
like maintaining like a broken toilet or
something a janitor knows nothing about
like how
order products or what goes on there an
accountant knows nothing about surgery
how do you possibly measure like who is
empowered who is disempowered in all
three of these jobs come in that South
End press case and I would imagine in
every workplace what would happen is
workers or and in those argentine
factories if they had done it this way
instead of the way they did it the way
they did it is they kept the job
accountant manager etc etc and somebody
just volunteered and took the job right
or two or three people work together
whatever it was right okay but they kept
the old job definitions if if we were
going to do it the way that I'm
describing that's not what would happen
what would happen is the workers council
would meet and they would talk about all
the various tasks under jobs and the
people who were talking about it would
of course have experienced them right
and they would talk about what
combinations were made for a sensible
package a sensible job that would be
empowering for the person doing it
comparably to other people but and would
not be all disempowering now again I I
don't know how where we're gonna how
we're gonna get anyplace if you don't
see that in a factory where you have
let's say eight hundred people working
on an assembly line trying to keep up
with the assembly line and you have 200
people that's 20 percent doing the
accounting and the you know product
planning and the engineering and so on
if you don't see that when those 1000
people went into the room of the workers
council overtime the 200 would dominate
the discussion would set the agendas
would be be the moving force and the 800
would basically be watching and choosing
who to align with at the very most
and then eventually not coming that's
what happens in practice yeah but I'm
not sure if that is
happening because like the 200 people
are like it almost sounds like our goal
is like we could simplify this into just
like we should eliminate hierarchies
rather than like looking at like this
this kind of empowerment like in this
sense where you've got the 200 and 800
my guess that did the 200 are probably
like competing more for those jobs so
they're probably more valued by the
company so they're gonna have a greater
say they probably have a higher level of
education so they probably are gonna
make like a better say in terms of how
the companies around but like none of
these things are intrinsic to the job
itself it's usually the type of people
those jobs
wait suppose you have suppose you have
one fact I mean look if you have a
society and it has 80 percent of the
jobs are disempowering okay right they
don't require much education right they
don't require much confidence and in
conceptualizing etc etc alright and then
20 percent do now ask yourself what the
educational system is going to look like
in that economy to meet that economy it
has to it has to generate people who are
set to fill those slots and that means
it has to graduate so to speak which
includes people dropping out but anyway
it has to sort of spew out into the
economy a workforce 80% of which is
ready to endure boredom and take orders
and 20% of which is willing is ready to
do more than that I guess I just I but
like that's not how we educate our
workers I'm so like for instance like
let's see okay well let's so like here's
an example let's say you have a job with
20 engineers and 100 factory workers
right would you agree that the 20
engineers are probably more empowered
than like that okay well let's say we
take those exact same engineers instead
of making work at a plant we take those
20 engineers and we throw them into like
some kind of like game development
studio or not even that but just like
some type of like insurance software
programming thing or whatever and now
you have like a legion of engineers that
work there like it's not like their job
is still just as empowering it feels
like if anything it was more
cowering before because of the hierarchy
that was present so there was 2100 or
the other but now we take that exact
same job and we make everybody work that
job well now everybody kind of feels
there's plenty of white-collar labor
there were they going to work they sit
on their cubicle they hate fine I'm not
I'm not specifying in advance right what
tests are empowering and what tests
aren't I'm not making a some kind of
ironclad rule about that what I'm saying
is that in a workplace all right the
workforce assesses that and the
workforce determines what kinds of jobs
what kinds of combinations of tasks into
jobs will yield a workforce which will
participate and will feel prepared to
and will in fact be prepared to
participate in decisions the claim here
is lemon let me writ large writ large
the claim here is that that the idea
that there are two classes two important
classes in an economy such as capitalism
owners and workers right that's the
typical orthodox Marxist and in fact
it's often what what mainstream
economists will say - there are owners
and there are workers that view I think
is wrong and it's wrong in the following
sense there are owners and there are
workers thought of in the way that the
person who says that say the Marxist
right says that is thinking of a worker
as someone who simply follows orders and
who is subordinate and so on but that's
not the real world in the real world
there are owners there are those kinds
of workers and in between there's
another class I would say and I would
call that a coordinator class and that
class of people in between does empower
at work and has a considerable amount of
influence over outcomes and has it a lot
more income than those at the bottom
less than those at the top and now here
comes something that might surprise you
a little bit I think that what has gone
under the name socialism so
century socialism centrally planned sub
la da da da
you know Soviet socialism etc has gotten
rid of the owning class right but has
retained the coordinator class in the
working class and has elevated the work
the the coordinator class to ruling
class status and the reason why in the
Soviet Union the workplace looks the
same
basically as in the United States and
looked the same basically as in the
United States because you still had that
20% ruling over the 80% so all of this
discussion what it's about and is
eliminating that class division because
that class division basically robs
society of the of the productive
capacities of 80% of the workplace of
the project other case for the purposes
of this conversation well we'll just
grant that there is empowering work that
workers can measure that empowering work
those two things okay well grant that
okay okay so moving on when it comes
time to decide to like package these
like I guess like these hours of
empowering and unempowered work together
do you think that any efficiency might
be lost in an economic system where we
no longer specialize our labor at all so
for instance I think doctors work in
bathrooms or trying to Train janitors to
be doctors like right off yes I mean
something might be lost and then we have
to ask if something is gained so let's
take doctors that's the obvious example
that everybody always takes it's
perfectly it makes good sense so let's
say we take surgeons and let's
make-believe for the sake of discussion
and our economy that a surgeon works a
40-hour week and does 40 hours of
surgery okay
just for the sake of discussion so in
the changes that I'm talking about that
would no longer be the case so let's say
the surgeon now works I don't know 20
hours of surgery and or even 15 hours of
surgery and various other tasks to
create a balanced job complex okay okay
so have we lost anything of course we
have in that particular case we lost 20
five hours of surgery more than half
right and if we write it large to the
whole economy Margaret Thatcher is
saying to me you're an idiot you just
gave you you just consigned us to health
hell you just consigned us to miserable
disaster of the loss of all this health
care the trouble is that we're not
looking at the other part what about the
80% of people who now by virtue of a
change right contribute to doctoring
right so I'm saying that that 80% can
more than make up for the time of prior
doctors or of people who specializes
doctors that's lost okay so I'm a cap
you buy that or none um I do but I think
there's a third party then that we need
to and if you do you're different than
most folks um well no I mean like I
would acknowledge that the 80% that
maybe gets to take part in more I don't
like your term empowering but but in
labor that lets you flex creativity or
do more varied work is probably gonna
feel better about their lives then but
will they do a good job
well that's no not as good a job as the
original so the third glass I wait I
would make sure say that because
generally a lot of the higher education
jobs require a degree of specialization
a type of training or education in order
to be proficient why can't the 80 I'm
not saying that the 80 percent can do it
in 20 minutes okay but over time the
question is why can't a hundred percent
of the workforce be contributing in a
balanced way so that you know the fact
that no one is contributing 40 hours of
surgery a week is made up for the fact
by lots of people instead of just those
people lots of people are doing 25 hours
of surgery a week at just as high a
quality well I don't know but I'm
realistic or even desirable for all
parts for every single person to learn
every single job at some company they
work at it's insane it's impossible and
insane but I didn't suggest that I just
said that out of the 80 percent you have
to make up that right out of the 80
percent you have to make up that what
the work that isn't being done yeah by
the person who would have been
specializing before okay all right so if
if you're in a hospital say and again
the you know the surgeons are working 40
hour weeks and we flash ten years into
the future or fifty year whatever it is
right and we look at the same hospital
it has the same number of people
and now the surgeons are working 20
hours a week or 25 hours a week well did
we lose half the surgery and I'm saying
no because the other employees in the
hospital are now doing that surgery and
the doctors are doing stuff that they
were doing sure but what I'm looking at
is so from what from a quantitative
approach in terms of hours worked you
cur you're correct
the third group that I wanted to look at
where consumers though so like let's
look at the consumers of healthcare
because you're to give me this already
aren't you aren't you gonna say all
right here's what Margaret Thatcher
would say Margaret Thatcher would say
you're out of your mind Michael they're
[ __ ] idiot the 80% cannot do surgery
well that's what I'm that's what I'm
getting to so I would say from a
quantitative approach you can make the
80% fill the 20% hours but from a
qualitative approach I don't think that
those people would be able to perform
I'm sure there's some percentage of like
hidden doctors that either didn't have
access to education or the opportunities
in life to become surgeons I'm sure
there's some percentage of the eighty of
something to do that but for the most
part I don't think the 80% that you draw
from to do the surgery is going to have
this in qualitative output as the person
for me to be right okay it has to be the
case that the 80% right are capable of
doing with a few exceptions right are
capable of doing empowered tasks right
some of those empowering tasks empowered
some of them would be doing surgery say
some of them would be doing something
else
okay flashback 50 years okay 15 years
ago right we have a gigantic stadium
it's really big and we put all the
surgeons in the United States in that
Stadium okay okay
it's actually make it 60 years ago so 60
years ago all the surgeons in the United
States are in that stadium is there
anything striking about that population
of surge
50 years ago 50 60 years ago yeah I mean
I imagine they're probably very wealthy
very white very straight very educated
they probably come from affluent
families they're all white and they're
all male sure you know deviation they're
all white they're all male and if you
asked them why aren't there women in
here why aren't there blacks in here
they would say well because they can't
do it right that's I assure you I was
around then that's what people said in
fact if you asked women and blacks many
of them would say what are you talking
about we're not in there because that's
not what we do we can internalize racism
you can internalized misogyny of course
okay now let's take the present right so
what we're saying is if you put all the
surgeons in the stadium now right
they're not working-class their
coordinator class okay and the question
is we were wrong 50 or 60 years ago it
wasn't the case well that women were any
different than men were significantly
different in any respect than men or
blacks than whites they they were
objectively at the time ignorant not as
confident and on and on and on right
well there were reasons for that yeah
yeah but but I would I would disagree I
would say you were correct and that
black people or women really couldn't be
doctors at that time not because of any
intrinsic like biological characteristic
but because they didn't have the
training for it right right that that
training is so there's no 1 or 2 same
Society sure but like but my question
here is that I don't know if at a
workplace like we can rectify those
differences in the 80% like every
Hospital would now have to have a
medical school built into it every
hospital would have to be perpetually
employing and training people you know
what we do now instead what we do now is
the doctors in the American Medical
Association keep down the number of
people who are trained to be doctors why
do they do that well and what way is
what do you mean by that in in the
admissions policies of the medical
schools so they should max or they they
want to keep the number of
ders down why is that well I'm going to
say because they want the level or
quality of training to be at such a
level that they're good doctors you're
gonna say it's too were there that
divide between the 20 to 80 no I'm gonna
say it's to increase the bargaining
power of doctors so you think that the
journals you'll see that that's what it
is so the reason why I love like the
stringent requirements on what it needs
like the euro residency the med school
it's because they just want to
artificially a lot of a lot of it yes a
lot of it is in fact like boot camp in
the military
in other words ask yourself does does
being awake for 40 straight hours and
giving medical care is that I mean are
we really training people to do
something that is valuable in which they
need to do or are we putting them
through boot camp so that they join a
fraternity the fraternity of doctors and
they keep out nurses and others
paramedics and the rest they keep them
down and they raise up their salaries
and they function in accord with the
owners of the hospital is that what's
going on or is it real medical training
I don't know about you but when I go to
the hospital I hope I don't get one of
those people who's been up for 50
straight hours yeah I think he's right
about this destiny I've heard like
medical people in the medical profession
they call like hazing or whatever and
they're trying to like phase it out but
hazing is a lot different so like for
instance I've been like to study that
like we could shorten medical training
sure but like even if we agree that we
could shorten medical training they're
still gonna be like a high level like if
if our current level of training is 100
and you know zero is no medical training
then maybe we and agree that it could be
shortened to like 70 or 80 but there's
still like a huge bar that like I'm not
gonna be a surgeon in a year's worth of
training right fine
of course and nobody said you could do
this in a year right that's not the
issue
and 50 years ago the same thing that you
just said was true for a black becoming
a surgeon or a woman becoming a surgeon
those those those differences weren't
rectified in workplaces those were
addressed outside of the workplace like
an alien and they could be addressed
outside of the workplace too in other
words the whole the changing the whole
economy in a fundamental way would
involve
changing the educational system that's
certainly true okay so I understand this
so you would pair this like if you went
and worked at a certain company and
there were these different trudged like
stacks of like hours and different jobs
at the company that you had to work once
you figured out what you were going to
work at that company then you would go
to the educational system that we know
no just like look now it's the case that
[Music]
if you're in school right you you you
want to get trained in certain things
okay it may be in physics right and
maybe in medicine and maybe in something
else you know writing or whatever the
hell it is right okay so you do that
because that's the kind that's one of
the key pursuits that you want to do
during your life right you would also
get a broad education a decision making
you know various things that you would
learn in context of a good education I
assume and once you got into a workplace
you would there would be some on-the-job
training I'm sure just as there is now
right so if I were to go to school most
lawyers learn a lot of what they do in
law after they get a job sure but that's
because doctors - sure because you can't
learn every single thing at school but
if anything that makes it even more
difficult for you like it sounds like
you're saying like if I go to school to
become a computer programmer
I would also need to take like you know
classes away from my major to learn
electrical work janitor work accounting
because everybody doesn't do everything
I agree with you the notion that
everybody is gonna do everything is
insane but if you go to school as a
computer programmer how would you
possibly know what you're gonna be doing
until you showed up at any particular
job so you show up at at a workplace
that's creating computer programs okay
because that's what you want to do so I
don't know Apple or Microsoft some
workplace like that of course it
wouldn't look like Apple or Microsoft
class but nonetheless buildings where
people do programming okay so in those
buildings where people do programming
the programming work requires certain
kinds of background and knowledge and
experience and you know
and and the cleaning work requires much
less that's true you pointed that out
and so does various other tasks require
much less and so inside that workplace
you would be doing programming and you
would also be helping to clean up and
you would be also doing certain other
things that would make for a balanced
job complex I expect well I guess it's
but like different programming like
environments could be totally different
jobs so like I could get like a I could
get like a programming job working or
maybe like an information Tecton out of
jobs that I would need to be able to
work it's gonna be way different than if
I got like a like a programming job
working for like a lawyer firm like
maybe I do like firewalls or something
for them versus that like I just know
how you could even account for like the
plethora of work that you might be
thrown in because most of the work or a
lot of the work that you be getting in
addition to the work that you trained
for right isn't that hard to learn
it doesn't take particularly long to
learn and you don't think it would be
let me give you that example of South
unpress again for a minute right so we
were a bunch of people who actually had
been in graduate school together in
economics okay and we got together and
we decided we were gonna make a
political press because we thought there
was need for one so we were gonna do
that so we had to learn how to typeset
we had to learn how to work with the
author's we had to learn how to edit we
had to learn how to clean the place we
had to learn and so on there's various
tasks that we had to learn some hard or
some less hard okay so we did all that
dot that's not beyond the human capacity
remember that woman who learned how to
do the accounting yeah I mean it's not
beyond it it's just like insanely
inefficient but I guess you're saying if
the trade-off is everybody is happier
than well yeah of course
like as a business owner like the first
thing you learn is that like doing every
job is literally the worst approach to
owning a business right you have to pay
doing every job is insane okay or even
doing doing that doing a few jobs and a
balanced mix where what you've done is
you've taken 80% of the population right
and they are also doing empowered work
so they're doing conceptual work so
taking the women and 50 years ago right
there all of a sudden there could
it needed to be doctors has been
contributed to society they're compact
that's half the population their
capacity to be lawyers or engineers has
been contributed to the population so
you're unleashing all of that capacity
which previously had been essentially
stamped out right by an education so in
this society would literally every
single worker be required at least like
a four-year education at like a universe
college a university or whatever well
certainly educate in a good society and
a good economy such education would be
free even when you make it free though
not necessarily everybody wants to
pursue this early everybody does want to
do it but what have to if you go to a
job and you have you're given one of
these like slices of work that includes
jobs that you need to be educated suma
bleah what what what you can say I think
is this you would want the educational
system to prepare people to be full
participants creative capable
participants not everybody the same
right in a workplace Council in some
workplace now the person is obviously
going to gravitate toward one thing or
another let's say the person is a
musician or for that matter a ballplayer
or whatever it is right they probably
are going to be quite happy to to learn
their skill and their approach and their
and the knowledge that's associated with
it and to also be made a well-rounded
person who knows how to get along with
other people and can do other kinds of
tasks that don't require a long time to
learn and that's what would happen okay
I mean I think we disagree on the
feasibility of this but maybe we could
move on from here I don't think we're
gonna come to an agreement but why is it
infeasible I don't think it's reasonable
my reason why I think it's a feasible I
just don't think that we can organize an
education system and all of these job
I don't think job markets these
corporations where every single person
can feasibly learn a lot of these like
high level jobs and then rate people
that can go but you suggested that okay
then then even us
okay I don't think it's possible that
the 20% could cut their labor in half
and that the shortfalls created by that
could be picked up by the 80% in a way
that consumers would be happy with so if
I went to a hospital and my child was
sick I don't want somebody that normally
like you know cleans the floors who is
now 10 60 years ago you would have said
I don't want a woman or I don't want a
black and what I'm saying but 60 years
ago 60 years ago that would've been true
too because blacks and women didn't have
doctor trained yeah but you didn't well
look nobody is saying you want somebody
who is not yet a doctor sure but I don't
have said I can't conceive of a woman
getting training and becoming a doctor
of a black getting training I mean right
now I can't conceive of that whole 80
percent of people somehow accessing and
completing enough education to pick up
the shortfalls from the 20 percent right
wait maybe it's possible but like and if
I wanted to do that my goal would be to
change the education system I wouldn't
change like the economic organization
that you are but I'm not sure that even
would suppose you did try and change the
education system and you didn't change
the economy what would happen well
that's a really broad question what
would happen like well in 1969 a
government after the turmoil of the 60s
the government set up something called
the Carnegie Commission okay to
investigate and what they wanted to
determine was what the [ __ ] happened
okay why this gigantic turmoil happen so
that we can prevent it from ever
happening again this is the government
and elites right and Carnegie Commission
corporate elites setting up this
commission to investigate it and it was
quite interesting because they actually
came up with what they thought was an
answer which I think they were it wasn't
the only answer but they were right
about it and what they said was we were
over educating the population because of
Sputnik I don't know how much but there
was a big turmoil at the time around
education and all of a sudden there was
a an enlargement of public education and
of the quality of education and the
breadth of education and so on and what
they said was
the problem was that people were getting
out of high school and they expected to
have a life they expected to have some
some say in their in their circumstances
and they encountered a world in which
they realized they weren't going to have
that and so they went ballistic and
there was a lot of truth to that okay I
guess mayor lesson from that just I mean
let me just finish for a second there
lesson from that was we have to stop
what we were doing we have to cut back
education we have to create more
vocational schools which are loud and
noisy and huge huge rooms full of people
to prepare people for work in a
corporation we have to low level work in
a corporation we have to cut funds to
high schools we have to segment people
in high school so we can be sure that a
lot of people are coming out prepared to
be essentially wage slaves prepared to
be filling working-class jobs now what
you're pointing out to me is Michael you
have the opposite problem you you have
to get a mesh between education and the
economy
they wanted the mesh to be that the
educational system produced people ready
to to be obey orders and endure boredom
you have to educate people who are ready
to participate and to make decisions and
to take responsibility so I guess you're
right so the two things that I would
look at and I don't know if I'm
appealing some fundamental appeal to
human nature or something or but like
the two things that I would work at
empirically that well one I know is true
what I think is true the first one it
seems like college students typically
like to specialize like or this is very
anecdotal in from my personal experience
but like people that are for instance
like science technology engineering math
majors these are people that enjoy
specializing in their major classes they
hate electives they hate that they have
to take some every class or journalist
cuts right so these so already at like
the education level people don't even
want to diversify their and talking to
other educated people
so like I have friends that are systems
engineers or friends of our project
leads people that work at their
particular job so for instance if you
ask any engineer any computer programmer
if you say listen I've got a really
exciting thing for you I'm gonna promote
you tomorrow to be like a manager all of
them would hate it they don't want to do
that they don't want to be more
empowered as a manager diver they just
want to work on like their computer
programming that's what their desire is
they don't want to be more diversified
in turns what they do they have their
thing they like it and that's it like I
know that these two things I'm confident
in saying that these are generally true
another thing that I know that makes me
wonder on an empirical level for this
because obviously if I grant you that
all of this is achievable and we don't
lose any like efficiency games or if we
don't lose a bunch of fishes or whatever
then your world it sounds pretty good
but I know for instance after NAFTA
occurred I believe the Clinton
administration set up like a commission
to kind of analyze like what happens
when we try to retrain people for jobs
it's a big question that a lot of
globalists have no good answers for
which is when people lose jobs in your
country because you send work overseas
or to other countries what do you do
with those people share your consumers
get cheaper prices but a lot of people
lose work well if we spend money to
retrain them what does that look like
now as far as I'm aware at this level of
the empirical data shows that retraining
people a huge waste of money you're
better off just giving them the money
verbatim once you reach like 40 50 years
old
you're not gonna retrain to be an
engineer or a computer programmer like
people like to specialize in their labor
now that's just a general takeaway that
I seem to have from from from those two
little bits of information I'm sure I
can think of more but it seems like when
people do like types of work they like
to specialize they like to have another
thing and then they do it and and that's
it and they're trying to diversify the
whole workforce seems like a fantastical
idea you keep you keep having in your
mind I think this image of employees
being you know very broad doing these
huge array of things I'm not suggesting
anything like that I'm suggesting that
they're doing a mix but that doesn't
mean it's a mix of a hundred different
different things it means there's one
thing that they may be specialized in
not everybody does but but I agree with
you lots of people would they might
specialize in writing songs they might
specialize in in science they might
special whatever it is I agree with you
so that's the thing that that they get
there
their dignity and fulfillment from in
the empowered sense and then the rest
why do they do the rest
well they do the rest because it it it
generates in a society which is
equitable it generates a society in
which you don't have these class
struggle in class hierarchy it generates
a society in which you don't have like
in the United States right now
you know working-class communities that
are devastated and which you know
they're just devastated most people
don't realize how bad this situation is
that's part of what's created the Trump
phenomenon you know so you you you you
opt for I mean why do people opt to to
change society so there's less and
hopefully no racism or less and
hopefully no sexism they do it partly
because they believe it's right partly
because it will help everybody to free
up and utilize those those capabilities
and talents from those people and partly
to eliminate the tremendous tension and
hostility that exists between these
constituencies that have differential
amounts of well-being and resources and
everything else that's why you would
work to get rid of class division also
okay and then I'm guessing that for
these these 20% of people that probably
wouldn't want to like differentiate
their work whatever you would just vote
them out basically and they would be
forced to kind of well how does if you
look at now right in other words you you
face an economy which has certain
attributes okay and by and large you
don't check question those you rather
choose a spot in there that you're gonna
aim for all right okay well that's what
would happen in a participatory economy
there would no longer be non balanced
jobs well in a participatory economy
though your best types of jobs are never
going to be as good as the best types of
jobs in this economy so for instance I
wrote it to be a doctor volt
I no longer have the option to do that
that's correct there are other questions
about like that's correct so 20% of the
workforce right doesn't get to have
optimal circumstances
well 80% of the work force has
subordinate circumstance sure do you
ever worry that you should agree of
equity do you ever worry that that
degree of equity that's being created
there might might preclude you from some
people being able to pursue things full
times to pioneer things in fields or
whatever or would you like bean would
you just say the other 80% would make
these same discoveries or whatever
there's two things there's two things I
first of all there's a lot of Mythology
again so Einstein was working as a wrote
patent office clerk when he did all of
his big stuff or most of his big stuff
and when he was a full time physicist
later he did nothing comparable so
there's a lot of variables that affect
things like that but you know maybe
that's your right
III I don't think so I think that the
80% would liberate far more creative
potential productive capacity then we
would lose from the 20% but let's say we
would lose some okay let's let's say we
would lose some what do we gain we gain
equity we gain an end to all of the
class struggle and class conflict we
gain the hatred that exists and it's
real between working class people people
in that 80% and the 20% I first
encountered this when I taught in a in a
prison and I was teaching in the prison
and most of the people partly it was
black white there was a lot of that they
were you know hostility but almost
everybody was working class in their
background and I was teaching about the
system we live under and I was teaching
about capitalism and about owners and
stuff and I was struck I was much
younger and I was struck by the fact
that there was no anger that when I
would talk about
out somebody who owned a workplace and
was worth you know a hundred million or
three hundred million dollar nobody got
very excited right and then later I
would talk about doctors at lawyers and
engineers and all of a sudden there was
all this passion in the room and all
this anger at people who treated them
like they were dirt and like they were
fools and like they had no efficacy and
I thought about it for a while and I
realized that most working class people
never come into contact with the 1%
they never are dist directly personally
by the 1% but they have a whole lot of
experience with the 20% all the time and
not only that they not only have this
class antagonism toward them for good
reason I think but it's structural I'm
not saying the people are bad people the
20% it's structural but they not only
have this antagonism toward them but
they want their kids to become them
that's the plight of a working class
person in the United States often times
they hate the doctor they hate the
engineer they hate the manager and they
pray that their kid will be able to get
into college and go and become one just
to be super clear this is like a very
good story and like a very compelling
narrative but like like if we actually
think about like what's going on right
like a working-class person doesn't hate
the job of doctor the job of lawyer
whatever they maybe have had some bad
run-ins with them that make them feel
like those people are [ __ ] but they
don't want their kid to become like
somebody that they're going to hate they
just want their kid to become somebody
that's wealthy that has like I don't I
don't think so I don't think so I think
they're far more sophisticated and they
understand that that the the person who
they don't like and the experiences that
they've had I had one person describe it
to me this way they said you know how
when we walk down the street it was a
black eye when I walked down the street
at night and and as a white person
walking in the other direction the
assumption is that I'll step aside
that's just the assumption
this is 5060 years ago right the
assumption is is that this person
doesn't have to change where they work
but but all set aside and he said what
you don't realize is that when I walk
down the street and the person coming in
the other direction is now he didn't use
the term coordinator class but I would
use the term coordinator class all right
doctor a lawyer an engineer a manager
same dynamic if it's white on white
still the same dynamic and how do they
know who's who by the way they dress by
the way they they carry themselves all
sorts of things give it away and what he
said was this guy was had thought about
it more it's not it's not that the
person is a schmuck there are I've met
mucky working-class people it's that the
whole sector of people by virtue of what
they do and how they view us they view
us as people to care for like you would
care for kids they view us as people who
are commodities you know who are clients
but they don't view us as people they
don't you know and it was that had a big
effect on me in those days and I spent a
lot of time trying to figure out well
what is it at bottom that causes this
distinction and that causes people to
view each other in these ways where the
the working-class person is sort of
angry toward the elite this is sort of
populism you could call it and the and
the coordinator class person is sort of
disdainful what do you think what do you
think causes it why do you think people
yeah I think what causes it is that
that's what their role in society
requires of them to succeed and to
function well it's right you can even
see it on TV I mean you know I would
write evie scripts but you can see it
all over television I feel like I would
I feel like I would post something a lot
different here for the way that I view
this I feel like and you could argue
this goes hand in hand
I do screen.you so I feel like a lot of
this is filled actually by consumerism
the way that we identify people and the
way that we assign worth to not only to
other people but even to ourselves is if
we've acquired the possessions that make
us stand out in the way that society
tells us it should so for instance we
buy a certain pair of shoes a certain
type of clothing not because we like it
but because society tells us that if we
have that we're worth more so when you
talk about like identifying people on
the street in so far as I move aside for
you you move aside for me you're better
than me I'm better than you I don't
think it necessarily has anything to do
with jobs or division of coordinators
except what lets people buy that stuff
income and the income that people have
is a function of their position I
usually I think that the the analysis of
a person on the street is far less
sophisticated than any special
understanding of like its close thing
it's it's more like a product or
consumerist thing it's not if you kind
of tied into jobs but not really but
kind of no it's very tied into jobs
because the coordinator class makes way
more than the working class and so the
coordinator class owns those things I
mean what you're describing is true I'm
not gonna disagree with you about that
and in fact everybody knows it
especially the advertisers so when you
want to try out sell a product it's it's
rare it's not unknown right but but most
of the time what you're selling what
you're saying is is this product will
deliver status this product will deliver
freedom this product will deliver sex
this product will get to a girlfriend or
a boyfriend this product will deliver
what's missing in your life right which
tells us something about our lives I
mean just watch a hundred ads in a row
and you'll discover something about life
in America what it is that people crave
and don't have and then they try and get
it by buying this crap that doesn't and
never intended to fill those needs
because you don't want to fill those
needs you want people to keep buying
it's a sidebar but it's it's it's part
of the whole system I agree with you I
mean you know the system that we live
under it's it's not
imagine you were put in jail tomorrow
all right all right so you're in prison
and imagine the prison has a commissary
you know unless you go and buy products
basically okay so you go in and it's
your first day in jail and you get to go
to the commissary and you look around
and everything is crap and you don't
want anything all right so you pissed
off and you go back to yourself all
right
a week later you go in maybe you still
are that way a month later you go in
you're no longer that way now you see
this these array of stuff in the
commissary and you want some more than
you want others why because it's all
that's available and so you your taste
and if you want to be depressed all the
time you keep wanting what's available
outside the prison right some people
probably do that but if you're sensible
you sort of remould your tastes a little
bit so you can get some pleasure out of
the crap in the commissary now I
actually think that that's what
everybody is doing all the time in the
United States we are remoulding our
preferences to get pleasure out of the
crap that they supply us some of its
good you know I like my iPhone blah blah
blah but a lot of it isn't and more than
that we we remould ourselves to get
pleasure out of our jobs to try and
enjoy our circumstances instead of just
being constantly whining about them but
given the opportunity to have a
different context you discover that
people's tastes are a little bit more
broad but only when it's possible sure
yeah I mean I don't think I disagree
with any of that like our expectations
and we acclimate like very quickly to
what's available to us in terms of what
makes us happy or not happy right I
guess so
we could say I want to give you
something big that comes off of what you
just said sure which is right I agree
with you completely
right something big that comes off of it
is suppose your economic system is
biased in a certain fashion in other
word
it's biased to deliver X over Y all
right then what you're describing is is
that rational consumers start to want X
more than Y especially if it delivers X
sort of cheaper than its real cost and y
more expensive than its real cost so we
we change well a market system is biased
against dealing with the ecology it is
biased against the providing collective
goods it is biased toward individual
production and individual consumption
and we change our taste to fit that bias
otherwise we're miserable so so we we we
make ourselves overtime want stuff
that's available balance jobs aren't
available none of us want them none of
us think about them it's nowhere near
our consciousness right so I real quick
cuz I know I understood the rather way
down and like I honors i'm een i must
agree to some level that whatever
society are born into is going to
program you to some extent to prefer
that society that black people are less
than white people women are less than
men depending on what time period you're
from of course and it can seem
impossible to break free from that
system if you're born into it even
though now we have some historical
perspective and we can see well those
people were foolish right you're just
saying that you're maybe 50 200 years
ahead looking back saying well we're
gonna say that like a market economy
right now is also a foolish idea that
we're constrained to and that's possible
it could entirely be possible but the
caution that I would say here is just
because things have been bad in the past
and we're replaced for something else
doesn't mean one that what we have right
now is necessarily bad for any given
reason and that to that your replacement
is either possible or remedies the
problems given right I do agree that it
is entirely possible that that even like
my brain is so poisoned with
neoclassical assumptions or our current
like modes of production that I can't
see a way out of it that it is possible
right I can see that but even if it is
like the replacement who needs to be
something that's possible that you I
could suggest agree yeah of course it's
incumbent on me to make that case of
course which is what you're attending to
do yeah I or what you are doing
briefly sure yeah briefly half course to
not get so I think I understand how you
would do a lot jobs I think we kind of
understand this do you want to UM just
so that we're not doing this for hours
and hours tonight do you want to talk a
little bit about how goods are doled out
to households I know that like part of
participants does that if you move on
there's another part you want to move on
to you can do no that's fine
that's the hardest part but heart think
about when we were thinking about this
bounce job complexes they're different
right but and so in that sense it's
maybe it's hard sort of outside the box
but it's not that complicated and and
the same thing with equitable
remuneration but allocation is more
difficult I agree I'm against central
planning because it's authoritarian I'm
against central not because it doesn't
work it can work and in fact most people
don't realize this but the economic
literature in the United States
totally acknowledges that central
planning can work it's for the
population that it said that it can't
but I don't like it anyway to be clear
just those because it gives you
authority anism and it's rob
self-management so on a sofa when a new
class rules the working class yeah I
don't like markets for a host of reasons
sure just to be clear when economists
they say that central planning can't
work it's not that central planning or
yeah or if they say it can or can't that
the problem isn't generally with central
planning it's the idea that when you try
to centrally plan for too many variables
it becomes impossible to do so so
essentially planning it like the
population that's exactly and that's
exactly what actually economists in the
United States have seriously
investigated in a way that I wouldn't
because I don't want to make it work
because I don't like it it's bad because
it's sorry and it's got class division
and so on but but they investigated all
sorts of mechanisms to build into the
central planning to deal with these
so-called information problems and they
feel that they have done a whole lot of
that and succeeded in providing
incentives to generate information etc
etc but I don't want to spend a lot of
time on that because I don't care right
the best conceivable central planning
which you may feel this impossible
but even if we say it is possible I
don't want it right I it's what they
posted I understand that's not logically
I'm opposed to it because it produces a
coordinator class working class division
a a hierarchy of wealth income power
influence authoritarianism which spreads
throughout society etc etc and I don't
want any of that I consider all of that
I mean if if you have to have it that
the alternative is starvation okay yes I
have a better system yeah I didn't mean
ideologically like in a partisan hackery
right I just meant like ideologically
you're opposed to what follows from
authoritarianism yes okay okay so how
would you how would we let me give you
the the the extreme here's where I'm
considered an extremist I mean so far
people might consider me crazy about
some of these things yeah I mean I would
like more kids I think markets are the
single worst single most destructive
artifact of human creation in history so
I'm a market abolitionist I think
markets by their dynamics are incredibly
harmful more and more people are
beginning to see this as the world faces
the possibility of extinction but I've
felt it for a long time in any case the
real question is what's the alternative
so the alternative is what's called
participatory planning I should say
markets are market planning right every
economy winds up with something that's
done and the thing that's done is in
fact the plan right so market plan you
can call it market plant now that
doesn't make it anything like central
planning it's nothing different for
central planning any case participatory
planning is also completely different
than central planning
it's basically workers councils and
consumer councils and consumers as
individuals operating and the consumer
councils and workers as individuals
operating in the workers councils
cooperatively negotiating inputs and
outputs
that means that the the council's make
proposals that the proposals are
communicated that in response to the
information that the proposals generate
there are new proposals and this goes on
now in a quick rendition this is gonna
sound yeah that would be nice if it was
possible okay so I agree with you we'd
have to spend some time to prove it's
possible but that is more than doable it
is possible to show not only that you
can coordinate let's call it or or
organize an economy in this fashion but
that you can have incentives within this
approach that get the job done that
generate self-management and so on and
so forth I'm curious so like how would a
household determine what goods or
services they need for a year like what
would that process like okay so let's
say you and your spouse and kids
whatever it is household or maybe it's a
bigger household than that and this also
applies to a larger thing like a
community say you have a record of your
last year's activity okay you also have
what are called indicative prices they
are the initial prices at the start of
the planning period they're not gonna be
the final prices but they are the best
let me clarify for the audience also
when you say prices this is like a
relative term there is no currency and
in this system it's just like your
allotted like maybe X units you can
think of it any way you want there's
almost no currency right now right
people use credit okay basically you
have an income let's do it this way your
family has an income okay and the income
is a claim on output okay right in other
words it's it's you can think of it as
dollars if you want it's a claim on
output right so that you can get stuff
now what stuff do you want to get well
you have your last year's consumption
and you have a kind of prices and you
know your income so you make a proposal
and you propose what you think you would
like and this also affects you
place activity because you may decide to
work more hours right you know you want
a fancy violin or something so you may
decide that you want to work more hours
but whatever it is you you you are
coming up with a proposal that is based
on your income for your consumption now
you make that proposal and so does
everybody else in your neighborhood and
in your consumer Council in your
neighborhood and so now your household
has a proposal but so does your whole
neighborhood right and now the sum of
neighborhoods has a proposal these
proposals are put into the planning
system as our proposals from workplaces
for what to produce so if you're in a
bicycle factory you know it's a proposal
about how many bicycles you can produce
and maybe some investment and so on and
so forth if you're in some other place
it's proposals for that now there's no
reason to suspect that these things are
gonna mesh right there's no reason to
suspect that you expressing your desires
to consume are gonna want in some total
for the whole society the amount that
you as a producer in some total for the
whole society want to produce in fact
it's far more likely that what is
proposed for production will be less
than what is proposed for consumption
all right just a quick question just now
there's a right now there's just an
iteration mechanism yeah there's a
back-and-forth and you arrive at a plan
can is a good question in all of society
assuming people are doing an average
amount of work everybody makes the same
amount of money everybody has the same
you're working nation the same intensity
and the same owner is this you all get
the same income catcher okay so every
household is working theoretically the
same amount with harder working people
gable putting in more effort getting
nothing more yeah
not working harder jobs necessarily but
putting it more in order right okay yeah
okay all right so these two the the
consumers and the workers would go back
and forth what would these negotiations
look like let's say the consumers all
wanted like a certain thing and the
producers the laborers didn't want to
create that thing how did the consumers
bargain for those things they don't
really you don't have to verbally
bargain for it let's take an example um
this year is gonna be hotter than last
year okay okay we know how many air
conditioners were proposed for last year
okay so the the the workplaces are are
proposing to produce they have to
produce socially valued stuff so they
actually are proposing more more air
conditioners when you turn weight real
quick that's important when you say they
have to produce socially valued stuff
therefore they have to provide don't get
income if they don't who determines what
is socially valuable where is that
determination the consumers and as
bargaining process well it has to be
consumed in other words if I suppose I
want to be the shortstop for the New
York Yankees mm-hmm
I can't at least I can't earn an income
doing that and they also won't hire me
but I also can't go into my backyard dig
holes and fill them in working long
hours incredibly hard and with my kids
shooting arrows at me so it's onerous
yeah I guess I can't do that I have to
be producing something of use yeah what
if consumers are demanding some good
that laborers just don't want to produce
or how would you like live some crazy
example like sex toys let's say somebody
wants to have like a like a dildo
factory right like a consumer wants to
produce something like that but laborers
are like well this is ridiculous we
don't want to make this who determines
like that that's like a social gutter
that I don't think that's the good
example I think the good example is
consumers want X right and it turns out
and they don't have a good idea of what
X entails they just want to XA like X
right but it turns out over here X
entails very hard work okay or it
entails very onerous work and the amount
of X that consumers want it's just more
than workers are willing to provide so
when the consumer request comes in and
the worker request comes in and this
could certainly happen right and will
happen often okay then the consumer
consumption demand is higher than the
than the workplace apply Yeah right so
the workers see that and the consumers
see it and the workers might go up a
little bit and the consumers might go
down a little bit why why would the
price changes so then because
because they have to do socially valued
labor huh understand a second I says
when you say price changes are you
saying that like those laborers because
off B I guess I'm confused when you say
price changes because laborers are all
paid the same and you're not paid based
on your output ever you're paid based on
the effort of your work so one thing
yeah except for one thing you have to
suppose we're in a workplace okay right
we have a certain number of we have
certain amount of equipment a certain
amount of inputs and a certain amount of
laborers okay doing socially valued
labor and this is what you were pointed
to all the way back at the beginning of
the discussion doing socially valued
labor means that those assets right have
to be used sensibly we don't want to
waste them so in other words we don't
want to produce stuff that isn't wanted
that goes into the ocean that would be
wasting the assets but it would also be
wasting the assets if we produced stuff
that was less desired than we were able
to produce right and if we produce stuff
that nobody would buy because the price
was too high so is the indicative price
which the price keeps changing in the
planning process all right then go on
forever but it goes on for a while I
guess I'm covering a lot of ground and
your questions are very very good yeah
I'm much better than most people in
economics departments would ask ok it's
true this is just this is like the
question that I understand so let's say
that I am at a factory ok and let's say
that we have one machine that fabricates
widget ok
this machine fabricate some widget let's
say that consumers but let's say like
fabricating that widget is like it's
fairly decently hard work decently
empowering but decently hard ok so all
of us have that not all of us but a lot
of us share this job at the factory etc
etc let's say that when it comes time
for the consumers and the labor is to
get together and figure out you know
what do you want the consumers are for
whatever reason they want a lot of
widgets all of a sudden easily or none
or well let's let's say looking worse
right maybe sure but let's say a lot
because there's works better MOCA so
let's say they want a lot of widgets now
you guys are all the owners of the
factory
now you're not really incentivized to do
more of this hard work because why would
you now you are saying well the price
would increase but if I get paid the
same regardless of my output why would I
increase my output get paid the same you
get paid the same per hour right of an
average intensity and average owner
isness as long as what you're doing is
socially valuable as the price changes
right you may no longer be doing
socially valuable work with all those
hours that you're putting in so that's
one phenomenon the phenomenon that
you're talking about though is basically
just you need more workers right in
other words if last year we produced a
million widgets and for some weird
reason this was what I was going to get
at it with the air conditioners with
some weird weird but justifiable reason
that the consumers will stick to right
they want two million widgets you can't
deliver unless you have more workers
well unless you well like you said if
you stop producing some other thing
maybe you can which is exactly what's
gonna happen okay okay wait so if people
are going for 2 million widgets instead
of 1 million widgets those people have
budgets right they have to be getting
less of something else ok ok so let me
see if I understand this so you have a
factory let's say you produce widgets
and and digits ok let's say that the
widgets you produce a million of these
the digits you produce a million in next
year
people want 1.5 million widgets and they
only want half a million digits right so
what you're saying is well that
negotiation that would take place would
draw some labor away because because the
labor on that on the million digits
would be less socially valuable than
half a million because that's all people
are demanding right so they would move
to the widgets well it would be
worthless
sure so this no okay so maybe I'm
missing something fundamental here this
just sounds like a market interaction
with more layers of like abstract that's
because that's because when we think of
what a market is mm-hm
we're told by popular culture and also
oh ok Kimmy straining I don't I don't I
don't so regardless of popular culture
so here's my understanding of the market
ok the difference being a market and a
planned economy is the inputs and the
outputs in a market are determined by
supply and demand in a planned economy
those inputs and outputs are just
determined by
commission that makes a decision so a
plantside you're almost right okay
because the planners oftentimes will go
out and test preferences yeah they try
to survey it's not completely arbitrary
they'll try to say like you should the
other side isn't true either okay go
ahead tell me why so for instance well
i'm thinking up an example here mm-hm
would you what do you think the public
would like television without ads yeah
has anybody in TV until the cable
companies came along i guess it's not a
good example well we look actually
that's a great example we can use that
so would would consumers like TV without
ads that is true there would be a
quantity demanded of TV without
advertisement however the cost right
suppliers would only be willing to
supply TV without outs at a given cost
and the quantity demanded of television
without ads at a high cost which is what
it would have to be sold as probably
quite low right so yeah this is and this
is economics 101 yes supply demand
curves okay what actually is going on in
markets is bargaining your right okay
and it's driven by power that's why
maybe in your junior year you take a
course about monopoly and you learn that
monopoly pricing in fact isn't like the
other pricing monopolies can use their
bargaining power to kick up their prices
sure alright so so it isn't the case
that it's all function of supply and
demand even if it was it would have all
sorts of problems but so I would agree
with you that I'm using an incredibly
simplistic model to analyze this but for
you to demonstrate why the models work
you'd everybody go do it again
yep so the quantity demanded of ad-free
television at the price that suppliers
would be willing to price it at is
probably it's probably very low like for
instance like if you want ad free
programming today you can get it you
just have to pay for HBO plus or pay for
like the advanced tools and where's the
money going well direct the first hand
office probably to the people providing
the service whoever is running the
network or whatever and then there may
onus okay so the first the first thing
is profits okay I mean
to pharmaceuticals and it's easy yeah
sure okay so it's Stark in the case of
pharmaceuticals the cost of production
is nearly zero and the the relatively
speaking and the the the gigantic cost
of sales is because they have bargaining
power and they can jack up the prices I
do I disagree and then the income goes
to profits I disagree with that the cost
of production is illusory in
pharmaceuticals because the production
has to take no call the high cost of
research and development right that's
worth like the marginal cost which is
paid for outside the pharmaceutical
industry look here we're gonna just here
we're just gonna disagree yeah we
companies put away make huge profits no
they don't the rate of profit in a
pharmaceutical company is going to be
probably about the rate of profit in any
industry if there was greater profits to
be had there than more people go out
into the real world that's what that's
what economics 101 says it says
everything is perfectly competitive no
no it's not about is the rate of profit
at all right it says the rate of profit
is zero right it will be competed down
to zero that's what you were told right
the reality is is that different
industries have very different rates of
profits and it's a function of their
bearing at bargaining power okay here's
a question if the rate of the
pharmaceutical company's profit was so
high why wouldn't every single capital
investor just run there and in barriers
to entry or high melodies not anybody
can go and trade stocks right now a
pharmaceutical companies they want
anybody can go into an open market yeah
but why wouldn't this the price of those
stocks and dividends would ever be
driven up and up and up and up until the
company has no more money left to
distribute like like at some point like
you can't have these companies making it
I don't know I have never understood and
I don't understand the stock market so
I'm very hesitant
well Capital Markets are a pretty
important part of the profitability of
like major publicly traded companies
it's a lot of a lot of what I focus on
isn't existing companies on existing
relations right I think those are so
horrendous that putting my time into
proving that they're horrendous isn't
worth much
because it's totally obvious the income
distribution in the United States is so
incredibly skewed so incredibly
distorted that four or five people on as
much as half the population you know it
doesn't matter how we tweak it it's
disgusting so it doesn't matter how we
tweak it the the violence to the ecology
is disgusting etc etc so I try and focus
on the alternative China you're right
you're right that we will never get
anything else if we can't make a case
that an alternative which looks better
is also possible sure I understand okay
just for the record I'm like I'm I feel
like I'm being like pretty fair in this
conversation I'm trying to you do only
in one hand you told me to go out of the
real world to analyze things and on the
other hand we're talking about rate of
profits and you don't care at all about
capital market it's like these two
things I do if you look at the income of
the owners of pharmaceutical companies
and out in the world I will predict that
they are hugely wealthy of course and
that their but hugely well not like you
know gigantic wealth because their
bargaining power allows them to jack up
the prices of medicines to people who
have no choice but to try and get them
okay alright well let's let's move back
to the let's move back to the how
households figure out like yeah yeah so
the the the oh so the the problem that I
had was it sounded like we were getting
a description of a sort of market
economy with more layers of bureaucracy
kind of in between that if consumers are
demanding more of a product unless of
another that producers will produce more
of a product unless of another that
almost sounds like a market signal but
we're communicating these things not via
currency directly but between leg
councils that we've placed in between
these institutions why is the superior
yeah its superior some of what is a part
of what you just said I think is true
okay that is to say markets are
communicating and participatory planning
is communicating true and markets are
facilitating decisions and participatory
planning is facilitating decisions
true and they're doing it in light of
some kind of an estimate of costs and
and benefits true markets don't measure
costs and benefits properly not even
remote so we have to I have to ask what
you mean by cost and benefit now well
let's take the cost of production of a
cigarette okay
on production and and consumption also
okay so markets don't take into account
what are called externalities every
economist accepts this agrees with
they're the ones who came up with it of
course so what that means is that in the
exchange in a market system the buyer
and the seller interact and they arrive
at a price and they make a transaction
and the buyer is aware of the impact on
the buyer and the seller is aware of the
impact on the seller
neither one gives a [ __ ] about the
impact in the broader society of the
production or the consumption so it the
consumer doesn't know about gets no
information about and doesn't care about
because there's no way to care about the
implications of the production of the
good for say the ecology or for say the
health of the workforce or whatever you
want and the consent and the producer in
the same way doesn't think about the
effect of the product let's say alcohol
on the community right and you know
excessive alcoholism affecting the whole
community okay the one of the key things
about participatory planning is that the
process facilitates taking into account
the externalities it takes a while to
develop some of this but so that's the
claim yeah so right this is something
that I completely disagree that I'm
intensely interested in it so let's look
at one of the most let's look at one of
the most common externalities pollution
right so what so who is incentivized
when the consumer because we basically
we've pooled all the consumers and we've
pooled or maybe not all of them but in a
neighbor
we've pooled some consumers and we've
pooled some suppliers and now we're
trying to negotiate on what honour for
demanding widgets or whatever let's say
the the production of widgets causes
some level of produced pollution now in
my market economy this is just damaged
it's totally unaccounted for pollution
doesn't drive up oftentimes it drives
down the cost of a good which means
people are incentivized to blow right
which is a problem because there's no
accounting for that in market economy
but in your system of this this market
with an abstraction how are how is
either side incentivizes let's take the
big neighborhood around Chicago which
wants to consume clean air right so they
want to consume clean air clean air has
a price right and cleaning in the air
has a price and messing it up so in
other words throughout the whole system
these neighborhood councils these
collective consumption units it's not
only individuals anymore summed up it
there's now this collective consumption
right they have consumption demands or
consumption desires right so there's a
there's a demand for it and on the
supply side something dramatic has
changed also so if you're a workplace in
capitalism one of the ways to make a
profit is to make a better good that
more people want ok another way to make
a profit is to make the same good
cheaper by doing something that you know
how's it take less inputs or something
you could also make a profit of course
by driving down wages that's not a good
thing but that is something that you do
or by making people work faster and
harder and so on and so forth
ok so on a participatory economy the
first two ways exist the last way is
pretty much gone because the workers are
in charge and are not gonna exploit
themselves but in capitalism another way
to make a profit is to dump costs off
onto society right so in other words if
you can have your workplace have some of
its costs or even a lot of its costs
right dumped off on
society instead of your paying those
costs what if you're talking about here
pollution now this is what pollution is
so in other words if you're producing
you said the widget put off some
pollution well you can produce the
widget with less pollution but that's
expensive if you produce it with
pollution and you don't cut back the
pollution that's less expensive Society
a is the price in fact if you can lower
your cost of production right by
increasing pollution that will increase
your profits so there are all sorts of
pernicious effects but these same
incentives still arguably exist in your
system though let's say I have a let's
say that I've got a factory that's
producing 1 million widgets and my my
consumers now when they come to
negotiate they want a million more
widgets and we'll say all else equal
they just want a million more widgets I
could maybe there's a way to double the
production of widgets using a more
pollution heavy process why wouldn't the
workers opt for that overdoing all right
more work why would they because it's
easier to do than the alternative wait a
minute what remember we agreed yeah that
the workers are gonna get their income
for doing socially valuable labour and
for the duration intensity and ownerís
sure but yeah but we still agree that
workers would want to do I say easier
work over harder work like no worker
wants to work like super hard grueling
task get more in comfort maybe you get
paid for that no wait no you don't you
said you said you get more income paid
for effort and for hours work not for
harder work you know I did owner isness
wait I'm sorry are can you explain that
hold on this is a big divergence from
what I imagined yeah can you define yeah
like getting shot with arrows and I was
a little confused myself yeah what do
you what do you mean by ownerís work
then I guess ok so remember that glass
factory that the woman was in who became
the accountant sure okay so she was
working in front of the open furnace
okay okay
somebody else in that factory in the old
version okay so let's say she was
working a 40-hour week or a 50 hour a
week in front of the open furnace
somebody else is working
not in front of an open furnace but in
front of but on a assembly line and
somebody else is working in an
air-conditioned office okay so the the
the the furnace is by far the most
onerous in the eyes of everybody working
there that's who has to decide it is I I
know yeah this is okay hey I have to
integrate it I don't want to go back and
challenge it but if I would have known
that then that would have been a whole
other dimension by which I would have no
idea how you would decide what work is
more onerous like a janitor versus a
doctor some surgeries can go 20 plus
hours right if it's really onerous right
then that can be higher pay for it the
workforce decides okay if you have to
take a call real quick you can that's
fine it won't be quick well it seems
like your answer it's coming from
somebody who's in assisted living okay
magic and she's probably having trouble
with her TV or something right now and
she wants help do you want it do you
want to do you want to wrap things up
here we're at two and a half hours we
can go longer it's it's up to you it's
11:30
it could go on forever of course we can
always host do this another time or
destiny maybe we should yeah sure then
come back okay sure did you say there
were questions that came in were there
um I I was gonna ask if anybody has some
questions does anybody want to get out a
question or two here at the yeah how are
you doing that uh there's a check at
that I can see this this is streaming on
YouTube live right now so there's a
choice a trap oh yeah it's just the
texture but if you have to go it's okay
all right so why don't it's fine with me
I'm happy to do this again if you want
you know address other issues to
whatever you want to address it's
certainly okay with me but it would be a
little easier now if I could call that
person back yeah that's yeah yeah we'll
just wrap it up here I think it was a
good string there's a lot to get into so
we can we can hose
another one soon that's fine sure all
right well thank you very much for
having me I really do appreciate it yeah
I appreciate the conversation can I uh
can I get a plug yeah look there's a
podcast called revolutions II obviously
the people who listen to you know all
about podcasts and are into listening
and maybe some of them would like to
take a look at that podcast which
addresses issues like this and all sorts
of related issues the election and
vision and for families and for economy
and for politics and so on and so forth
I guess you can just find a podcast
easily I'm not very good at this stuff I
have to tell you honestly but I guess if
you look up revolutions II on Apple
podcasts and on the various other
platforms you just find it so people
will do that that would be great yes
everybody can go check out revolutions
II I will share that on Twitter and then
I'll also put it in the video
description for this when it goes up on
the channel can you send me a link to
this so I can put it on Zenit yeah I'll
email you a link to this and you can do
whatever you can download it and do
whatever you want with it
do you shorten them I mean are you
really gonna use two and a half hours Oh
wolf will throw the whole thing up maybe
maybe so maybe we'll take clips out of
it but the whole thing will be put up so
you don't spend a lot of time editing it
probably not this people will listen to
it the people just turn it on while they
do the dishes or something yeah the
long-form content is a lot more and then
they'll start throwing the dishes I
think people are gonna like it went well
okay I thank you I hope so I hope it was
useful and uh yeah I appreciate it thank
you Michael
thank you so much check your thank-you
to Steven thanks a lot all right we'll
close it out here um all right bye guys
bye all right bye
amoral profit-making machine that's all
it's about it's going to do whatever it
can to make as much money as it can and
it doesn't care
