you want my breakdown yet yeah go for it
okay I think that we meet before we get
into the breakdown was this about as
exact as you thought it would be or is
this more precise than you thought it'd
be really yeah it's exactly what I think
this is very precise I think so yes so
okay the the guideline on clothing that
it should be like mall appropriate that
is that's quite precise I think maybe
the basis of why I say that is because
is still entirely subjective what they
quote deemed to be hateful or sexually
oh that's that's not true though I don't
know if you saw the link but they've
they've defined now you could argue that
there's some subjectivity in here but
like here's a very clear list hateful
conduct is any Content that or activity
that promotes encourages or facilitates
discrimination denigration
objectification harassment or violence
based on the following characteristics
race ethnicity national origin religion
sex sexual orientation age disability
mental condition physical
characteristics or veteran status that's
fine I think they just copied the u.s.
protected classes but yeah but it's
still entirely dependent on their
moderators is what I'm saying
so they're allowing themselves the room
to hide over this they're doing what
every corporation should do right
they're allowing themselves the room to
dictate if those things violate their
policy or not and they're using that
very specifically in their wording sure
that's what the wording we deemed to be
hateful means yes that means you could
say something about someone's national
origin religion and sex gender and
they'll pass it because they think it
just for whatever reason they want right
so my opinion on this right so here's so
here's the kind of overall I think the
hateful conduct thing is much more
well-defined but I still think we're
gonna have the same problem with
sexually suggestive stuff because maybe
rules are not at all different from what
they were I mean like they explicitly
mentioned camera angles like but but
they did that before like I don't know
minds before word we don't accept
essentially the suggestive content
yeah but I could be wrong but I don't
think they literally said camera angles
in that definitely but what does it
matter that they like they're they're
saying the end effect is the same the
end of night so I don't I don't want a
like name drop because I don't know if
that's allowed or not but like there are
streamers that have yeah there are
streamers that have camera angles like
we'll have like three cameras set up or
one in the books yeah one on the but one
other like that are very clearly like
but I don't think that's something that
was like called out in the rules before
ever I guess not specifically but so
here's what I would ask you some do you
think that by specifying the camera
angle that that's somehow or by
specifying that we're looking at camera
angles in that sentence or let's look at
the sentence or what they said so this
the sentence said okay we'll be looking
at contextual elements such as stream
title camera angles emotes panels attire
overlays in chat moderation do you think
that by that that sentence in of itself
is going to result in at different yes
so here it's so here's something like
reading that so the vague rules before
you could have some stuff so here's a
picture stuff like this I don't think
will fly now using risk definition I
don't think so but I guess well we'll
find out
but like because like what would you
consider her to be wearing I think she
could wear that outside it's not it's
not a matter of what's being worn it's
the camera angle like I I think I but a
but who knows I mean I guess maybe you
could argue this with some level of
subjectivity but that same streamer has
message twist before and gotten pretty
uncertain result sure but now but now we
have the new Community Guidelines going
for Horan so okay so let's take so okay
what's just like let me do this for chat
I'm not gonna mention the streamer yeah
I'm what we're discussing right now is
like he just linked me Anne
that we can't link it obviously dudes
because like we don't want to like we
don't want to get [ __ ] on Twitch by
veteran streamers but this is a this is
a picture of one of the broadcaster's in
IRL that is like an obviously sexually
suggestive pose right so it when when
this when she messages twitch now do you
think twitch sends her a message back
and says you absolutely can't do this
due to our new Community Guidelines or
or are they still going to likes it and
they like what I'm trying to think about
is like what has changed in the culture
of twitch that the admins and mods are
going to act differently than they have
before well the ideas of the new
Community Guidelines push them towards
acting in a different way but but it's
possible and nothing changes I guess
this is all kind of I just I don't see
like so they can post this stuff and
they can and like I guess the only hope
that they really have would be if the
interpretation by the streamers is such
that they don't do it anymore
mm-hmm but unless it actually has active
moderation yeah oh yeah it has to be
enforced right yeah right so that that
requires a cultural change at a
corporate level which is what I have
real concerns about mmm because I think
twitch is there it's very difficult in
in twitches ecosystem right now to do
that particularly with like the influx
of like Amazon people and like just a
different it's just a very different
culture there this is like a really
different discussion but yeah the
scariest thing for me I think I know
okay is that they are now going to be
enforcing their Terms of Service as a
matter of course off the plan yeah so
this is something that I actually
vehemently disagree with like yeah I am
NOT and like because yeah
so this is this is very interesting okay
and I wouldn't want to rock the boat
here have have you ever heard of you
know how people will pay 1099s to cheat
people out of wheat or I'm not bring up
anything you've done personally but
you're familiar with this right sorry or
that
not outside your for my I'm not trying
to say that you've done this to them
we've that better that I know that
Leggett right now add that sunny
preggers like you're familiar with like
the whole 1099 versus w-2 debacle right
like that if that what I if I that some
people will have employees that if you
have an employee you should have them w2
yeah yeah yeah well it's not yeah it's
not unique to eSports it's a very very
real real-world meme but but yeah
eSports is dealing with it as well right
now if I work for a company okay and I
have branding that you tell me or can I
can I use I've got very specific content
guidelines that I must follow and now
you're starting to tell me how I can or
cannot act off platform I feel like
you're starting to move into areas where
I want you to W to me I need you to
cover half of my FICA if you're gonna
start telling me how I have to conduct
myself off platform I don't feel like a
contractor anymore that should be
getting paid via 1099 I think you need
to w2 me do you think there's an
argument that you could make there
alright so morally yes like we could go
by the IRS the IRS has like a 20-point
guideline for like w2 versus 1099 that
they check to make sure that you're not
like it's because that's counteracted by
the fact that you're you are everything
that twitch does and everything that you
do on twitch is a of them hosting this
platform right yeah but like when it
starts it when it starts to get to a
point where you've got a contract that
says that you can't provide your
services to somebody else simultaneously
right which a lot of people have that
these are really big check points for
like whether that's a really different
discussion because it's my opinion that
that is not enforceable in court
especially in places like California
well but it doesn't matter if it's
enforceable at court it's the idea that
twitch could fire you will twitch will
kick you off the platform if you violate
that contract so if you're trying to get
people to not compete in contract I
think that's I think that is I think if
a broadcaster or a group of broadcasters
really wanted
like an influencer working they could
fight that is that is that good hold on
I'm trying to think is that consejo line
you know more about this you than I do
is it considered a non-compete when it's
an ongoing relationship I thought that
non-competes were things that were like
after our services have ended you have
to wait a period in time to compete
other that's what a non-compete was
considered on the state but but in this
is such a convoluted issue because
you're not exactly an employee of like
this is the whole problem we're
discussing is you're not exactly an
employee of which in fact you're not an
employer sure you're utilizing their
platform and you're making income off of
it but that's not the way that this
could be legally regarded we've had a
lot of problems with this in the past
and gaming the way that this would be
legally regarded is in the same way that
like if you were if Twitter was - or
Facebook was to ban you for something
that you did on another platform it is
it is their right to do that even if you
are making income off of Facebook or or
you can justify that because it's their
platform but but but again the laws on
this are not well updated yeah I'm just
trying to imagine working as like a 1099
contractor because 1099 work is
typically contract work say I say I want
to work for a carpet cleaning company or
a construction company or carpenter
company that if I wanted to work as a
carpenter for some company if you were
to tell me hey by the way like you know
if you go to work for somebody else or
if you're doing something like off-hours
like could you imagine I don't have you
ever done contract work but could you
imagine as a contractor if the if the
company that's contracted you is telling
you how to conduct yourself when you're
not working for them like and you're not
on the side or anything like that's a
very weird relationship that with a 1099
employee you know it is when you word it
that way but let's use another example
where if I contract a consultant yeah -
to do business and and let's say he does
consulting for my my VPS and wants and
wants that and and the idea is it
doesn't matter what he's trying to
accomplish but let's say that person
then goes out on social media and makes
a total fool of themselves right I don't
want that person to represent my company
because of that it's well within my
right to fire
person or to remove that person entirely
order to disavow everything because that
person's conduct outside of my company
or my platform was such and that's what
twitch is saying here is is so the
easiest way to kind of like rewind here
is to try to figure out why twitch is
doing this why like what what benefit do
they have as a company to to be able to
do this and my a my thinking is if I if
I'm thinking like a like like a C or VP
level person mm-hmm I'm thinking that I
want to maximize my enforce ability and
my control over by broadcasters so that
if I have a situation where I'm getting
pressure from sponsors or I'm getting
pressure economically somehow that
because a broadcaster is doing a ton of
crazy [ __ ] but then deliberately making
their twitch PC because it's like the
main source their income or whatever I
would want the ability to remove that
person from my platform to be able to
appease those sponsors that is my
thinking as to why there yes I agree
that's just really [ __ ] cancerous holy
[ __ ] I really don't like that I
understand that it's like we kind of
talked about yesterday like the way
moving forward is through advertiser
pressure but man that sounds real shitty
really [ __ ] it sucks yes because here's
where this goes wrong okay so that's
that's the that interpretation is the
most how it's the word I guess like
business favoring okay here's what
actually happens what actually happens
is that a moderator admin uses that
justification to see a message that you
posted on Facebook
that's about some that they deem as as
racial right and then gives you an
indefinite [ __ ] ban indefinite ban oh
yeah first warning it because of that
right so so we're looking at a situation
where it's not gonna be the VP's of
twitch that are this is what really
worries me it's not the VP's of twitch
that are enforcing this it's not the
high level
that came up with this it's the [ __ ]
moderators that are volunteers they're
gonna be judging broadcasters and if you
get an indefinite ban or here's like
yeah here's like a thing did you see him
I think some editor of a BBC did a small
article about boobie streamers on Twitch
that I was tapped for commentary for did
you ever hear about this on the BBC yeah
I did read that I read that are yeah so
like is that could I get banned for
doing that now because I'm because I'm
pretty sure name dropping that article
so does this mean that like if I let's
say that I have a grievance with a
certain streamer on Twitch I never I
can't I don't know if I can say that on
Twitch anymore because I might be banned
a bowl you can't sit on the Twitter
subreddit so does this mean that if I
post about this am i read it or if I
give an interview with another company
where I air agreements with somebody is
this harassment now yes yes so like if I
give a comment like that in an article
that article released and you know past
February 19th that would be considered
like targeted harassment of another
streamer off platform like this like
that's really weird to me like I can
never have these conversations anymore
you would be grandfathered in this case
right so there's there's no way that
that would act well no no no yeah yeah
but I'm saying like going forward like
if there is a problem that I have with
the type of content of a certain
streamer I can there I can't talk about
this anymore and not I can't talk about
it on Twitch I can't talk about this
anywhere I can't talk about it on
Twitter well obviously I can't talk
about a Facebook I can't talk about it
on youtube I can't bring it up anywhere
anymore because now off platform stuff
is only paid staff can ban accounts that
is incorrect it's factually incorrect I
there are many volunteers that I
personally know who regularly enforce
and banned streamers including large
streamers if it's a large enough
streamer it has to be reviewed by a paid
staff member but volunteers can panic as
it often do um to your point yeah that's
what it means I mean that's literally
what it means I think it's and not so
here's the real thing though right not
only do I think that's the case but I
also think that it's going to be
enforced that way that's the real
problem is like I think like in that
same situation where they catch you
doing an interview with like a BBC
article and it causes them enough grief
or someone gets triggered or whatever
happens right like I think and that is
they do pay on you under that
justification yeah yeah
geez yeah so it's yeah I don't like that
off plot I didn't like it a lot of
people are saying this is the world you
created I've always been against off
platform [ __ ] I don't think so
I could be wrong and maybe people lied
about this but I think when gross score
caught his six or twelve month ban the
two warnings leading up to that were
four off platform harassment because he
was tweeting right yeah I wrote that
actually in my in my notice is that the
it was cut the hate stuff that they have
here they had already been yeah yeah and
I ve disagree with that
I am a contractor of twitch they pay me
via attending it I do not work for the
company like the idea that I don't know
I'm not comfortable with that that they
have control over what I can say off
platform that just if I even if I was an
employee I wouldn't be comfortable with
that I could be a little bit more
understanding but as a contractor oof I
really don't like that idea
uh I don't know the problem is that this
gets to such a weird legal gray area
where what you're you have the twenty
point system up let's let's look at that
does any of that seem to like suggest
that this is these changes maybe I'm not
sure I don't know I mean we can go
through but this is kind of a separate
thing I was kind of reading them I guess
it probably not I guess for most of
these 20 points it wouldn't but yeah so
the first gonna be must the individual
take instructions from your management
staff regarding when where and how work
is to be done I mean where and how is
definitely specified yes where it has to
take place on twitch TV oh they don't
tell you when the stream they don't so
don't tell you when but they may talk
about like yeah I don't know I guess a
lot of these are kind of subjective
intentionally so it where it right the
IRS yes well I mean the IRS was subject
will use news these are if we just go
through these real quick like does this
individual receive training from a
company yes they do do that that can be
justified as the successor continuation
your business depends on type of service
yes must the individual personally
performed
tracted services yep have you hired
supervisor paid individuals to assist
the worker and completing the project
absolutely there's a whole partnership
team is there a continuing relationship
between the company invidual yep must be
an exclusive relationship oftentimes
yeah yeah exclusive bless the angel
we'll set work hours no um is the
individual required to work full-time of
your company no but if you want to be
successful yeah is the work performed on
company premises no I don't know in a
digital world if that counts it getting
that the work has to be performed on
twitch TV or if that matters I don't
know but we'll say no we'll say no to me
but go ahead number 10 is the individual
required to follow a set sequence or
routine in the performance of their work
not necessarily probably not yeah yeah
should the individual give you reports
or in their work no are they paid by the
hour a week or month month you know
because well that that's specifically
refers to hourly work yes yes if you if
you get paid if you get paid hourly I
think you have a stronger argument for
being w2 versus if you pay him like by a
month or by a job right yeah yeah
do you and reimburse the individuals for
business travel expenses many large
broadcasters do get that benefit
directly from twitch did you supply the
individual with needed tools and
materials absolutely have you made a
significant investment of facilities he
had no doubt yeah yeah is the individual
free from suffering a loss or realizing
a profit that can you scroll down
because on your website is the indigo
free from suffering a loss of realizing
probably based on his work individual
free from a suffering a loss or
realizing a profit based on that I don't
understand that so basically what it's
saying is that like do I do you contract
