can you guys try talking thank you all
good job Lily no is Albert
good job Albert yeah I think we're ready
when you are Lily go oh my god
so how are you guys doing great
what are you eating pizza to get me
energized for tonight's fights and
battles mm-hmm already pizza but I never
came by batten soup how why is it
Tibetan soup because it's from Tibet
don't lose the recipe what is there like
a feature of Tibetan food like would you
primarily see certain types of
ingredients
flat noodles look at these like broad
flies it's just sort of like a really
good I have no idea I'm not a soup
expert okay
broth delicious
I like that you do I went half way
though you you gave it a good college
try
mm-hmm I honestly don't do enough at air
I'm not gonna pretend to be an authority
what about you mr. moon um I'm doing
well hanging out okay
yeah is this enough chitchat
my looks yeah can we keep going well you
didn't draw as advertised on the hey did
we see that animation that came out for
our party fighting the Yeti did you guys
see that my favorite part was when all
they completely with the Yeti and hit
mr. McInnis penthouse
I thought we started well I was in
character so last we left off the party
was in Vaughn Faris the town right here
that I'm pinging and hopefully you can
all come and see in bomb Paris our
lovely little gnome was speaking to a
shopkeeper about buying and selling
spells and that they would have a
meeting that night I think that's where
we're gonna come on in unless there's
anything anyone wants to do before this
point is Bond Terrace that red circle on
the map it's this one that I'm pinging
oh yeah thanks to your northeast right
let started yeah you wanted to go to
fortune we haven't quite mapped your way
there there's a lot of ways to get there
but we're gonna do that after the gnome
speaks with cinder the shopkeeper so
it's just the two of you then at some
small little you know roadside cafe
restaurant style place in bond Terrace
on the main drag the okay view of the
harbor get some background noise going
on here it's bad rap music for our dates
mm-hmm it is late in the afternoon
people are closing up shops for the day
and taking care of the last bits of
business when you see cinder the
5-nothing like maybe a hundred pound
human female in her 30s with curly red
hair coming up and taking a seat
opposite of you at a table here
hello friend I do hope you had a great
day to spend mmm quite productive thank
you
we should be joined in a moment by a mr.
Jeeves but he's not here yet
so let's take care of our business first
you had wanted some spells for your trip
to arid on to fortune so I have this and
she produces a list and passes it over
to you it has it's not the actual spells
it's just the names of the spells it's
haste Lea omens tiny Hut magic circle
tongues and wall of sand hey some horse
makes you go faster
Lehman's tiny Hut kind of gives you a
protective shelter so you can rest
without worries of being attacked magic
circle gives you a defense against
certain types of creatures making it
impossible for them to enter the circle
tongues allows you to speak any language
or understand any language and wall of
sand creates a wall of sand that makes
it difficult for enemies to go through
or fire to go through and all sorts of
stuff well it seems I do like this
little Hut I think that it would nip a
lot of issues that my party could find
in the butt hmm it's a good spell for
long-term overland travel which if
you're going through the golden sea is
definitely going to be an issue for you
mm-hmm I have here a list of quite a few
spells that I've come across in my
travels and perhaps you could take a
look over these spells pray tell and
figure out which spells may gel with
your your shop that you says that your
shop that you sell here well she takes a
look at it and eventually settles on
dark vision one of your second level
spells saying this is one we don't have
I would be very excited to edit our
collection or there's a smite slight
circle difference between these so why
don't we say dark vision and
10,000 copper and we'll call it even mmm
I think that's a great voice you have a
good negotiating power with your voice
good good choice
yeah good choice is the first one and
it's right around now that a an elderly
man dressed in servants attire kind of
like the the tuxedo that a butler might
wear comes up and stands and politely
boughs before your table saying master
no may I have a seat here oh you are
most welcome cinder introduces him as a
mr. Jeeves who has a mission for you
from that wizard she was talking about
and Jeebs quickly goes on to explain
that hmm my master has a inerrant all
the way over in arid on near the rock
ridge right right near Rock wave in fact
mm-hmm well it it's a long way and he's
a very busy man
and he would love to pass it on to
somebody else he you see there there's
an old ruins town they're called Talyn
destroyed a long time ago and the only
thing left standing in the town is a
tower in which a a group of Griffin's
have made nest and these Griffin's well
well their Tower nest has a small
library unit of some former wizard a
long time ago and my master would would
appreciate it if you could retrieve the
books he's willing to pay you 200 copper
per book and if he's happy with it all a
few spells out of his personal
collection well we could certainly take
a look how many books Oh
about 350 or so he says that would seem
like a lot to carry
I'm not sure how we could
I I see but I suppose that's a problem
we would have to solve I could talk to
my friends and see what it involves
right if this is to your liking bring
the books back should be about 700
pounds worth of books ish and we would
he would love it I mean I mean Master
Malachi would appreciate having these
these books and would pay you well yes
would there be anything in addition to
the cost of the books any additional
gold for the travel and the amount that
we would have to hold a few choice
spells out of his personal collection of
spell books as extra and and and what's
spells of what Circle would with that
entail I don't know how far he's willing
to go but I assure you master Malachi is
a an accomplished mage with great powers
and the reasonable man and a good
caretaker a good master he he will do
right by you
you have my word very good I shall speak
with my friends about these books and
see which ones that we can took quite
right yes
well take a look excellent wonderful he
looks around a little uncomfortably for
a moment seemingly out of his position
negotiating with people and slowly gets
up and kind of backs away from you and
then leaves well that was interesting I
think we can handle the books and I'm
sure I would stop by your shop and see
which one of those spells are great and
which ones are a flop she smiles at you
good good is there anything else that we
had to discuss for business tonight um
now nothing of that sort I would just
take the time I'm here and um we don't
have to roleplay that right yeah so then
you guys have some next time and
wonderful dinner yadda yadda okay cool
the rest of the party the real task
before you now is how do you want to get
to fortune there are a few ways if you
zoom out on the map
I will doodle them for you the fastest
way would be to take a ship from bond
Faris sail all the way around to weather
light and then marched from weather
light to fortune that's definitely the
fastest and probably the safest way this
clydesdale equal where destiny used to
live or Locke you stole ooh I think he's
from rock wave yes he's definitely could
suck at rock wave why go see your
parents no mommy and daddy issues luck
no there's a reason I left my read of
return to them friends I have a new
spell if we want to travel over land I
have a Hut at night and we will never
experience any kind of fright there's no
way into the hut at all until we know
the spell yes it creates a little Hut
and then we stay in it it's quite
comfortable I assure you
and then there's nothing else they can
get in the hut until the spell ends very
well um we said goodbye to dominate the
Sherpa and now we have Dominick the
donkey back correct
cool yep if you want to go overland you
can march through this territory which
includes the kingdom of Matala which is
a brutally oppressive slave state
they're not super welcoming to outsiders
and then the other way would be to come
up through mystery um which is the
country are currently at war with or
that there's a war with and then try and
like take
from Fabian to high castle or something
and then march across or like dawn gate
to kneecap and in march across or or
something like this you know that would
involve going through a war zone against
the people your country is fighting and
is probably super unsafe as well if we
go and ask around town what are like
what's the way that people usually
typically make a journey like this maybe
my boat yeah where is this um talons
place I'm sorry can you show me that
again yeah it's it's a ruined City so
it's not actually marked on the map but
it is right here right at the inlet
north of rock wave near The Rock Ridge
no right near your house hey boo yeah
real quick out of character what's your
stance on catnap I don't know how to
answer that question
the fighting spell right can you narrow
the parameters further are you been in
it no because I can get a good it works
around your short rest rules yeah gives
you a short rest within 10 minutes
instead of one day and you're okay with
that
absolutely okay me okay does it only
work for the wizard and not though no
it's it's everybody I target mm-hmm it's
so cool yeah basically we can we can
rest in for 10 minutes like basically 10
minutes is a short rest for the whole
party yeah one person Oh rebilling
creatures of your choice oh sure yeah
it's super good it's super good yeah
yeah one spell slot we should have you
told us about the talents question or
III came back and told everybody yeah
yeah okay if we know the song that's on
the way to where we need to go anyway
right yeah I understand yeah no no I
don't know how we're gonna take back 750
pounds of books but it's a shitload of
money if we do I know that I've seen
creatures use spells the create floating
discs and he was talked about it in the
past
couldn't you stack a lot a bunch of
books under this disco we can carry it
that way there'd be just a little bit
left for us to carry I could but we have
to make the journey all the way back
here so we'd have to we
have to travel all the way on land with
that disc why can't we just take it to a
doctor then we can take a ship back here
we can get up okay I think we should be
able to get challenged around the area
that of the of Tallinn or they all
destroyed by the demons oh no there's
one right there within like a half day's
walk yeah Rach wait so can we like could
we like uber it back over like with some
like Cori or something no we we just use
floating disc can't we well I'm saying
we floated this back to that nearby town
and then we were it back to where are we
right now what's the city bomb Tharus
yeah Bob Harris waiting over our back
we'd want to go with it wouldn't we why
unless we need to go back just to make
sure that it gets back to its person I
don't know how reliable deliveries are I
guess if it is then that's fine yeah
okay well will this play by yeah but
that sounds a good plan also if the guy
wants to exchange remember he said he
was gonna give you spells like you
probably wanna go back and pick those up
right oh yeah you're right yeah awesome
it's decided I guess we'll go by boat
then I can go talk to the dock master
and maybe get us a good deal yeah that's
okay with you luck yeah that's fine okay
no no a man or a can you know uh maybe
you Midori can go on a date while I'm
doing real work it's not gonna happen
yeah I wouldn't date luck either oh man
are you feeling okay captain yeah um
yeah I'd like to go talk to like the
dock master and see if I can get us a
boat okay you head to the harbor master
that evening measure a quick distance
here's today's the 18th of November 15
and 10 so down at the Harbor you can
find all sorts of things and you're
you're a sailor you've been around this
place you know how to find a good deal
and how to avoid a bad deal how to avoid
someone who's wasting your time I'm a
captain yeah yeah you know your stuff so
why don't you give me
give me some level of skill check to see
how well you do it this what would you
want maybe a persuasion check with
advantage because you're a renowned
sailor can I do a perception check and
see if I can find someone who is uh down
on their luck and willing they give us a
good deal in a boat ride
sure give me perception check out
advantage holy crap
okay yeah I know a sucker I see a lock
every day you spot this guy he's got a
smallest ship it's the type of ship as
an AR it's sort of like a Viking
longboat except a little bit wider and a
little bit shorter and used for more
like cargo transportation and he's
sitting on this it's kind of down on its
luck [ __ ] like the paint is chipping off
the side you can see that it's supposed
to save Safran like the FS are sort of
falling off and there's barnacles on and
there's one of the people leaning over
the side with a piece of metal trying to
scrape off the barnacles on the bottom
of the boat and the captain's just
stand-in there with his hips on a side
sighing and shaking his head and he
looks up and he sees you giving one eye
and he like perks up right away and then
like tries to look nonchalantly away
like it's no big deal
I'll approach him and I'll say aye
can we get a boat ride to fortune on the
way we'd like to also stop near rock
wave you know fortunes land locks right
um yeah well I mean you would drop us
off at heat stroke right I'll drop you
off of weather light
there's eerie things happening and heat
stroke ever since well ever since err
don't fell I weather like would be is
fitting as well yeah maybe we're going
to be dropped off that rock wave I said
we'd stop it rock wave and then we'll go
back to weather light wasn't it cool
perfect yeah we can take you to rock
wave just you know me and four others
wonderful well our ship will hold that
and it'll move air Don's a tough place
to go this time of year you know that uh
you know
been overrun by demons right we're not
really worried about it any demons worry
about it you'll be all right
we'll keep your ship safe well for food
and passage and all the things it'll be
you said five people um four people in a
child and a donkey four people in a
child in a donkey yeah five people in a
donkey well child is not really first
it's a person okay all right yeah let's
call him is happen well let's counted as
four people since we have a gnome and a
child about the same height that's fair
sure all right so four people on a
donkey perfect that will be 15 gold a
day for a personal delivery trip all the
way out there and that is two hundred
and fifty three hundred and seventy
miles to rock wave which ten days or so
to get there so we'd also want a trip
back I'm a bench ranked round actually
are we concerned about our enterprise no
don't look to Locke and ask him well I
mean I imagine these city legs and I
thought we should find a ship back
should be fine
just one way excellent well then that'll
be about a 10,000 copper to get you
there
all of you safe and sound in one piece
it's a hundred golden yes well in rock
wave we have some business where we're
bringing back some books to a fellow
merchant who's really interested maybe
we could give you a cut of that and give
you 75 gold per se and then if you bring
the books back and give delivered them
to him we'll give you 50 of that gold
about 700 pounds of books 750i how much
are you making on this trip on this
delivery our business well it's 50 gold
a good cut or are you giving me it's
books it's about half of what we're
gonna make honestly yes it's quite a
good cut about half is right the but the
the pirate speaks true
Potter it sailor sorry some say really
dumb [ __ ] that wasn't right just ignore
me I'm a crazy gnome retired pirate yeah
and it's been many years my friend he's
more of an honorary title actually I see
fine then fine fine 50 from the the
delivery 75 up front
gets you to rock wave and take your
stuff back I'll give him a little
Patrick : 275 perfect and then you guys
can sort out the details of where to
have the books delivered and all that
jazz we don't have to role play that so
it sounds like you guys have your the
spells that you need the the trip all
sort of planned out at least all set up
tonight can I put my hand on a cat
through the cabin shoulder just after
the conversation sometimes sometimes
less is better we didn't have to tell
him that we were bringing back books for
any important mission it could have just
been a simple shipment I don't know why
you would clue them in that we're doing
a job and I give them a cut of our job
for that thanks a lot I'll keep it in
mind I think that's actually valuable
information no problem if you need help
on navigating these conversations just
let me know yeah she need help
navigating with women like Midori just
ask me you know why don't we strike out
more you got me there
all right we're ready to go yeah you
guys will take off the next day because
they're gonna leave in the morning
that'll give the gnome a night to learn
his new spell actually probably take you
three days to learn the spell double
spell upside down you can get the papers
and learn on the way the ship you're on
is called the saffron it has a crew of
eight rowers and its captain whose name
is d'Artagnan it is a fairly small boat
there's not really much cover from the
elements but that is the life of being
at sea and off you guys go let's move
your little token around and see how far
we get
before we run into problems how does the
Yeti my son react to the donkey
my other son i tries to eat the donkey
at first but you know you prevent it and
it will stops but you do see it looking
with those big longing eyes mm-hmm are
there talking donkeys in this world not
usually can I roll for his aunt you
cannot roll for his ends unless you want
to roll a 1 d 1 no with a lot can you
roll a 1 deed 1 an end - no no alrighty
then
so on your journey you guys are gonna be
stuck together on this tiny a ship for
like 10 days what the hell is going
through your head let's start with
Midori you've been fighting with the
party a little bit here and now here you
are stuck on this tiny ass ship with
this donkey and these people and there's
really not much room to go to be around
and there's not much cover so if it
rains or it's windy you're just kind of
in the open elements how are you feeling
about this I think I'm going to be in
the corner huddling my son the setup is
you're my kid oh I'm going to be sitting
in the corner of a boat
cuddling tad I would like some time with
Chad as well
no you don't it's not you he's my kid
you need to learn to share Midori this
is the reason that I broke up with you
because you couldn't share anything
which one is which which one was the is
that which kid was the dead one is that
is blue no this is blue killed
I took Chad do you know remember the kid
can you not tell the difference
I'll just walk away Wow okay what about
you mr. Jarrell how are you handling
into life on the sea mm-hmm since I was
on a boat before it was a little bit
difficult but I've started to entertain
myself by making fancy illusions off of
the bow so I make little jumping fish
and talking dolphins to have
conversation with me well I study my
books and I play my bagpipes for
everybody on board the entire time oh
boy I'm gonna need you to make me a
generalized performance check for your
ability player bagpipes at sea if he's
doing it the entire time are you gonna
be able to uh study your books well not
the entire well sometimes I like play
the bagpipes while I'm reading I respect
them awesome performance check think
right away maybe like the first day a
few minutes into it d'Artagnan comes
over to and says uh huh uh mister mr.
gnome yes hello certain rhythm to Row
two and it needs to be a very steady
consistent rhythm and I believe your
music is confusing the sailors and
they're trying to maybe row to it but
it's uh huh no we're not trying to
torture him with your
music okay wait but you don't like the
sound I think you could maybe play when
you arrived cuz you're slowing us down
it's confusingly the rowing pattern but
these are my bagpipe songs what am i
doing so wrong you know me right we come
from there's an expression but the
customer is always right it's one I've
never understood and don't agree with
and I would really just please put the
bagpipes down sir I am at least my best
I killed I'm really interests will you
uh will you teach me stuff oh sure and I
kind of forget about the bagpipes and I
go into talking to Barbeau about all the
interesting things that magic can offer
no listen to him the whole troupe taking
one for the team
pyramid scheme I'm getting in he's multi
classing wizard yeah I can roll a cards
Arkana chicks now you do notice mr.
Gerald that you are definitely getting
on all of the sailors nerves and if you
try and talk to the middle they do that
like great gritted teeth eyes glazed
focusing on the rowing and try to just
like ignore your presence altogether
what if I showed them like a pretty fish
off the bow with my illusion all right
all right come by and I um like I make a
magazine of pretty sailor girls for them
that might distract them from their
rowing and they might be more amenable
at that point but the d'Artagnan comes
over and he's like what do you I told
you stop distracting the rowers no I'm
just gonna keep like shuffling away from
like just dragging I just keep going
with Barbeau what I forget about it I
apologize all the way all the way back
okay right so eventually after a couple
of days the gnome is relegated to the
very front
d'Artagnan gives you the the duty of you
signor owl to scout for rocks in the
water just in case something's not on
one of their charts oh I enjoy that
immensely even if there's nothing in the
water yeah yeah they're they're well out
at sea so there's no chance of rocks but
they definitely give you that task to
kind of like busy you and keep you away
from the rest of the people I take my
job extremely seriously they're full and
lock how are you doing on this long
ocean voyage Locke feels I feel
incredibly purpose-driven since Chad and
the Goblin are gonna be talking to each
other for the entire time I'll probably
try that Midori make sure she feels okay
maybe if it's a if it's cold out here I
could offer her my cloak my very fine
cloak that I purchased a while ago to
keep her and her child warm and myself
and Chad and turned to Locke and say
thank you so much for the sincere smile
on my face
no problem Midori yeah I think I think
Locke feels really good I think
initially he was at that city in the
starting area with no purpose and
nothing really going into life and now
we seem like we have a very strong
purpose we have a close-knit group that
has endured much together and it seems
like we are on a mission that will lead
to some sort of good fulfillment that
we're actually accomplishing some real
good in the world hopefully it's the
call well it has been six days it's been
six days at sea which brings us to the
24th of November
you are getting pretty near to rock wave
you still can't see it but you're
getting pretty near when up in the sky
you spot three Griffins sort of circling
you've seen all sorts of flying
creatures and we don't really bother
mention em but these three Griffin's
have been holding sort of above head in
like a circling pattern for a few
minutes and you can see that your
captain d'Artagnan is looking up really
nervously at then like looking up and
starting like to get the sailors to row
a little bit faster and he trims the
sails a little bit more to try and get
every ounce of speed out of the ship and
keeps glancing nervously at these
Griffin's looking a little worried their
captain all right never done with a
Griffin or two before oh I have an old
sailors trick to get rid of him tell me
got to keep rowing yeah yeah and think
this is a good point to talk about how
we are equipped when we're out at sea as
we've seen before if you are in armor
you kind of sink and in the river that
wasn't that big of a problem because
it's only so deep but in the ocean you
know if you're in armor and you fall off
you're just gonna sink to your death
probably so how are you all geared up
out here is anyone wearing their
full-fledged armor Locke has the ring so
I assume he won't yeah wear my full
fledge for me every every day that the
day starts I want to do a ritual water
breathing cast on the entire party by
the way okay but what's the duration of
water breathing 24 hours holy [ __ ] yeah
okay is that the other spell you grabbed
then I took slow and I'm still deciding
on the second one I don't know because
we can buy haste later so it's hard okay
well um how much weight would make me
sink that is
handout for players have twice your
strength score you will sink quite a bit
mm-hmm does hey some there is a rumor
that haste ages you in your world is
that true second edition haste ages
people fifth edition haste does not so
we're not gonna worry about it me if law
caster ring and he carries someone else
does that count us totally yeah okay me
like yes nice try captain you should be
a great swimmer though I'm sure you've
spent a lot of time at sea oh yeah I
have many years so now that these
Griffins are circling overhead Midori
are you wearing your armor
you are fall in the water and died armor
Oh is everyone else wearing their armor
yep yeah you should have your on run
you'll be okay okay if you fall then in
the water you can still breathe I can
pray all the way to the bottom of the
ocean
I will think right you will see you to
the bottom of the ocean and die there
maybe I am NOT well come get her I am
wearing my eye beer all right wear your
armor - yeah I will have my armor my
sword and my other sword and then all of
my money and belongings are in my
backpack and all the everything else
that's not on me that's stored away on
the ship because I can kill anybody who
touches my ship okay everybody it's nice
and light so you're not even you can
swim with your armor on yeah yeah yeah
you're fine for a fight we can tie
everybody to the boat so nobody falls
off it's time okay are you saying tying
everybody up so they don't steal from us
what I'm real quick the the way the
water ring works is if you dive under
water and then put it on you don't float
to the top correct right it's sort of
like makes your feet to be able to walk
on the water but once you've broken the
surface tension by basically on
something then you're [ __ ] okay if a
bird grabbed him and dived under
would he not hold underwater I think
cool yep
this is making me scared take off my
armor
don't worry Midori you'll be fine okay I
mean if you see so I believe you if you
are if you're worried about flying over
I mean why not just tie yourself to the
boat mmm and then when you go overboard
the boat drives you along and you can
breathe underwater for a while we'll
come get you
Midori tire son done and our donkey
actually uh
ulta I'll toss her up to Midori since I
have the ring of water walking I'll hold
on to you as long as we uh as long as we
tie it together you won't go underneath
the surface of the water I promise I
don't think that's how it works I think
she's gonna pull you down we'll be fine
don't worry happen you worry so much the
sea I'm gonna tie is there a um is there
like an under the ship or no no no
there's nothing like the this middle
section right here
the bill has all sorts of like rocks in
it for the ballast to keep the boat at
the proper depth and everything so it's
not a comfortable though and there's no
room to really store things or hide
people at all I'm gonna tie our little
Yeti done you tie your child up not
bully his little leg I'm gonna tie it
down so you kill you it's fine don't
worry about it people have been tying
children up for thousands of years hello
yeah yep yeah yep and the Griffins get a
little closer and they circle and their
elevation lowers and it when you say
lower yeah what are we talking about
like hundreds of feet like 50 feet like
hundreds of feet outside of range of
bows and spells presently speaking okay
we will start combat as soon as they
enter the range of the whatever the
longest range you guys have is I
understand and what is the effective
attack range of a or I'm sorry not
effective egg range what is like the
size of a Griffin are these like
decently large like horse sized
creatures or these like master sized
okay okay okay you can try anything you
want thank you
okay and then also just as theoretically
speaking if somebody is tied to you and
they fall under the water can you jump
on top of the water with your boots and
then pull them up how how does that work
we'll just have to [ __ ] figure it out
when we get there sounds good one okay
gamble all right hold on the dory
longest range that you guys have and
we'll figure out where combat starts
probably me hundred twenty feet under 20
feet is that perfect so we will let the
two of you start we'll start when in it
they get to 120 feet
so let's everybody roll initiative and
the first round will just be those of
you that can reach oh can we name the
yeti chad slash blue something for you
and midori not be naming him blue well
there's a point of contention of what
his name is
alright this later so round one the
Griffins
come within range they are dive-bombing
towards the ship want to go they are as
spread out as they are on the map fire
but you see let me see
they're very spread out coop whose plan
for this
wait I'm reacting first mmm-hmm okay
Cheryl just go sorry just one second I'm
another menu just a sec um if you cast
levitate on a flying enemy does it
freeze them in place you know hmm
[ __ ] try it and we'll just figure
this out sounds like fun why because it
I it's it's not really an in character
question it's like it's like kind of
like a DM ruin right for not by the same
measure
I doubt Gerald has ever cast levitate on
a flying creature so I don't think he
knows you can go ahead and cast it and
then give me your very best rules lawyer
and then I will give you my conclusion
based on your lawyer and my reading of
the spell and will
see how it plays out let me read this
spell while you're reading misspelled
Midori why don't you go my two turns too
confusing my chill to the eighth night
does it it does yes so do I just change
it here I'm just gonna yes it should
maybe already work for you damage to you
yeah that's fine it's perfect it's great
alright you cast chill touch and you hit
which Griffin would you like to strike
the one on the bottom rate it takes 12
points of necrotic damage as a ghostly
hand appears out of the sky kind of
caresses the Griffin on its underside
freezing its hairs and causing the
Griffon to lose its flight balance for a
moment
Gerald have you read your spell yeah I'm
in a levitate one alright which one are
you to levitate which it doesn't matter
just one that monoi didn't hit okay I'm
gonna go stop right make a con save
first things first con save for the
Griffon yeah where you hiding Griffon
Constitution saving throw natural 20
passes I'm flying colors we don't need
to discuss what that lying
lol yeah alright Oh
Rincon wouldn't argue about that I guess
we'll never know how far is like a
dagger range that I can throw it's at
120 like 60 because I think daggers are
30 60 range oh yeah this well no cuz
they're all I don't know how high up it
is but yeah yeah yeah they're at the
start around 120 feet and then moving 80
feet around here oh so we get another
try
base I know we're gonna just go in an
ish ative order for the second round
because by the end of that round they'll
be 40 above you dagger
throwing range is 2060 cool 30 24 short
64 long all
so we go to the top of the initiative
order this first Griffin on the top
right that passed the saving throw is
only 40 feet above and it is going to
come on down I make a dive straight for
Gerald come on well I mean look you're
at the point of the boat you're Leonardo
DiCaprio him he's got to go for you
so the first claw comes in with a claw
attack 14 against you grid Gerald 14
ahead yeah 14 to hit I don't even know
my say yeah it hits all right you will
need to make me a DC team strength
saving throw I'm just noting actually it
doesn't have sorry yeah perfect
yeah so it comes in with raking claws
trying to like grab you and pull you off
I don't think and beak attack if it's
doing like a flying dive by bomb so be
Kotak doesn't come through and Barbeau
you can use a reaction if you want since
the Griffin swipes like this
Oh melee attacks throw bar bottom wait a
bit of reaction I wouldn't get my bonus
action with the short side right correct
cool 18 will hit the bird for eight
points of damage and it flies off over
here next up is lock in this heavy armor
on the back of the ship yep
I will stay here with a ready to attack
excellent no wait I'll see here with the
dodge action actually you're dodging
then yeah all right the first next
Griffin will come and there's two of you
right there it's gonna go straight for
lock and it will make its one attack
against you or at least its first attack
a 17 which does not hit know it's Klaus
Drake your Armour leaving little shiny
marks and it flies off you and Midori if
you have weapons in your hand can make
opportunity tax as it flies by 12 to
anyone will get it sweet Jesus
and actually after after I hit it with
that 21 I believe it's gonna be stuck
right in front of me no because of
sensible yeah actually he shouldn't even
gotten a hit on me I don't think but
that's okay
Oh cuz you're you've got reach yeah cuz
I technically [ __ ] out reaching but
that's okay that's okay I want him
closer because I want Midori to land him
so what happens when a flying creatures
speed becomes zero does it just get
dumped stirred I have no idea I have
never encountered this in 5th edition I
can't go look at my dmg but what
happened in 2nd there's no such ability
in second Midori you're next
so why don't you take your turn while I
figure out what the hell the Griffon
does you know that Jeremy Crawford is is
he important ok I see him having a tweet
saying a flyer Falls if it's speed is
reduced to zero and it isn't hovering or
being held aloft by magic and then it
says pH 191 that's literally knocked one
out of this guy I think so who would
even be able to fly with its wings wet
the flying creature is not prone to has
its speed reduced to zero as other vice
privates ability move the creature falls
unless Loblaw perfect so the Griffon
basically comes diving forelock walks
hits him with the whole arm so hard that
the grip and just like flops into the
boat hitting the side of it and then
splashing into the water after that
happens I give a warm friendly smile to
Midori and then a little cheeky thumbs
up Midori it's your turn I will slash
out it with my new steel longsword give
me a roll to hit 19 we'll hit it for 7
points of damage the Griffon is now in
the water and bleeding after I did I
turned to Locke and give him a little
wink
- cute Gerald I'm gonna first do a move
to get like on under one of these rowers
I'll move my all to assist lock on his
next action action with advantage and
then on the so the Griffin that went out
to the left that attacked me ones in the
water right you have that one that's
forty two feet away or which ones in the
water to the left this one on the right
is in the water okay
the one that went out to attack me I'm
going to I'm gonna try to levitate it
again so alright I'm fading throw second
spell slot I know yeah fourteen
shouldn't pass what is your primary
casting flaw your spell save DC's 16
yeah [ __ ] Jim for 2000 you've got a
20-inch
that's how okay okay yep he fails now
give me your best rules lawyer on this
levitate okay there we go
the targets can only move by pushing the
point against fixed objects of which
there's none in the air right and
because it's unwilling it presumes that
it's a force of will between both of us
right so I'm what are we willing it to
stop in place um in in the air and and
then the the direct rule say rises
vertically and remain suspended so even
if it's flying is still suspended there
it might be able to maneuver back and
forth but it can't go left or right less
it has something push off oh you don't
think that it uses its wings to push off
the air no because again it's being held
against its will by my spell this it's
literally it's literally being suspended
there by magic it's not it's not um it's
it doesn't have any kind of like solid
surface [ __ ] I don't want an anti lawyer
but levitate can only do it to a
creature the weighs up to 500 pounds I
don't know how much how big or how much
these things weigh they
[Music]
okay or just give me like seven I think
though horses have a broad range of
weight 842 to K nevermind so stupid a
lion is like 420 pounds though oh there
you go wait birds have hollow bones
though right
yeah but critical semi magical creatures
I'm gonna say that a Griffin is
targetable because a Griffin is a lion's
body with an eagle's head and everything
so it's not gonna have horse way it'll
have lion weight which is lower my
interpretation is that this thing can't
it can no longer dive because it dives
as a means of reef
not flying basically it to dive it falls
with style so I don't think I can go
down but I think it can push with its
wings and go maybe side to side or maybe
it can try and climb but it certainly
can't get any closer or any lower to you
um yeah I think you could probably climb
and go down but it couldn't go left or
right for example because it it's just
it's gonna be suspended in that straight
line right I think you can go left or
right but it can't go down I think you
know every direction
other than down because you're giving it
a force upward you know okay you're
levitating it so it can keep flapping
its wings which will bring it up and to
a side which ultimately makes it useful
against you in combat yeah that was my
objective so I think that's fine well
yeah okay we're good so so all yeah so
I'm basically see seeing that one out of
the fight until we deal with the others
yes okay I hope that's a reasonable
lawyer for you that's good no good I'm
happy with that okay really captain
Barbeau it's your turn
am I able to pass until its next Griffin
goes and I can try and like jump on them
that's my goal to jump on an action to
jump on the Griffin yeah I want to Ray
in action to jump on to the Griffin and
then if I do successfully am I allowed
to hit him yeah well the Griffin process
off has to be with did jumping range so
yeah position yourself where you want to
where you think it might be going he's
gonna come to the middle so
so I'll be like right here and I'm gonna
be on top of this thing okay sure enough
the Griffon makes its way right towards
you captain Barbeau and you have a ready
to action to leap onto it now it's a
charging bird-like coming down and
they're horizontal II at you spaces in
your direction how are you gonna grab on
to this thing like what is your where
are you holding it where to maneuver so
I'm gonna attempt to because it's coming
at me like from down I'm gonna attempt
to like jump onto the back of it and
like stab him grab him there so like
he's gonna come in fly at me yeah like
jump all over or like onto his head yeah
all right I'm gonna need my girl
chromatics check you not only miss the
Griffon but you fall in the water that's
right and the Gryphon gets his regular
attack on you as he comes by which is
claws 20 DX it know you will take eight
slashing damage and you need to make a
DC 14 strength saving throw if you fail
you fall in the water if you succeed the
Griffon no grabs you in its claws no
walk cat it out at some point less than
200 pounds of gear and weight on you
yeah oh yeah all right and the Griffon
will change its direction and head up
into the sky to marrying a captain
Barbeau underneath it sweet that
Griffins turn next Griffin this is the
water bound one and we're at the next
round this guy is getting left behind
because the ship is moving and this
Griffin is going to spend the whole
round getting itself out of the water
and back acting position I'm sure they
can take off from water that seems
reasonable but it's gonna take the whole
round it is now airborne again lock your
turn
so is that can I am I able to reach him
captain Barbara if I stand here can I do
an auto attack at the Gryphon no I don't
think it's within range yeah I doubt
Mars anywhere else it's picked him and
taken off its within maybe 40 feet of
the boat how high is he right now say
it's 30 feet out and 15 feet up if I
ready an attack and something comes
within Sentinel range do I get to take
my ready to tack and Hughes Sentinel as
a reaction I have to be able to ready to
tack is a reaction wait but a ready
dodge isn't a reaction if you ready
anything it takes your reaction reading
uses your reaction to activate the thing
so might as well just get your regular
opportunity attack from Sentinel okay
okay I'll just stay here with a I guess
with a Dodge then right there's
literally no reason for me to ready an
attack with Sentinel nope zopi is well
Bowen is borrow an armor right now yeah
but it's later armor so he's okay
hopefully his comm against the
difference would be if I readied an
attack I'd be able to take two attacks
kind of right
like if somebody walked in I could do an
attack and then if somebody else walked
in I could do a sentinel reaction nope
because they both really a reaction yes
you get one reaction per round oh okay
got it I'll just read a dozen okay you
mean dodge not ready a Dodge yeah I said
I'm ready to dodge what did you hear
ready - I heard I ready my Dodge oh
definitely why would I say that that
would be so silly I know I've been
wondering for 15 episodes now the
water-bound Griffin finally know it does
that that's its whole [ __ ] turn oh my
Griffin's got all messed up
okay this top one gets that one this one
that cannot get any lower it tries to
fly closer to you and only gets higher
and higher and higher the Griffin is
very confused and decides to [ __ ] off on
this round because what the hell it
can't die this Griffin is effectively
out of combat Midori's turn
so I know that Griffin has Captain
Barbossa right uh-huh and it's flying
off with him I'm gonna attack that
Griffin with dining bolt at level 3
Midori does care 14 will hit 4 8 and 16
damage that's 24 and cutting bolt also
it's a lot of damage
guiding bolt also I think gives the next
person advantage on their attacker role
hmm
this isn't [ __ ] well made against it
for the end of your next turn has
advantage the next one attack role so
Gerald you're up next I want to try to
cast a fire bolt with advantage um no I
actually I mmm just try fireball it's
more likely to kill the Griffin I'm what
I'm gonna try do is I want to target the
claws though so
magic missile strikes true no matter
what right I do I can't miss right so
dice could target a specific part of a
person it doesn't know it just hits the
target it doesn't like target their
fingers or their toes so I'm gonna try
to make a called shot to pull in some
shadow right here and hit the claws to
make it drop Barbeau alright well the
called shot will be a disadvantage but
the advantage for medoras guiding bolt
cancels that out so it's a regular
attack roll to hit the claws wait what
why do you want to do this when I can
attack the Griffin why free the claws to
let you escape
oh I don't want to escape I can kill
this thing but that's right I'll just
fire bolt at normal with the bear okay
yeah fine
all right here we go 25 will definitely
hit the Griffin it'll drop 13 HP
bringing it to only 14 it is not doing
too well I could have totally called
shot that man yeah
captain barbell it's your turn you are
pulled by this Griffin grappled and
strained by stamina attack the Griffon
okay and I believe you have a
disadvantage because you are restrains
um that part of being restrained
I thought you can't do anything when
your restrain let's find out let's look
up the rules
I mean I'd argue he's probably not
grabbing out of my arm or at least one
of them I can have disadvantage because
I I can hit this [ __ ]
you have disadvantage perfect yeah but
he can attack yeah you can totally
attack yeah it's just a really awkward
one oh yeah you ripped the grip into
shreds and it drops you out over the
water I said 30 feet out and 10 feet up
I say yeah I'll just do a nice like uh
dive into the water that's like a
swimmer I think at 10 feet you don't
take any water damage and the boat will
keep on going this next Griffon can't do
[ __ ]
have we not told them to stop rowing it
even if they know first off they're not
stop [ __ ] Griffin's mirror and stop
immediately the boats momentum continues
it forward am i able to use maybe by
captain Barbour on your turn
the first Griffon can't go anywhere so
it just keeps escaping Locke is next
Barbeau is thirty feet from the edge of
the boat um do we have our Sherpa dude
is he carrying our extra rope or
whatever you should have reduced the
amount of rope on you you got rid of
them wait
oh the dock he has all of our rope right
you have the in the inventory list of
that much rope the donkey has on it yeah
okay we're like because I just basically
want to do is go over and grab the rope
and then throw it to Catherine fifty
feet of rope is what he's got
okay yeah can I do yeah totally give me
an attack role and don't really [ __ ] it
up you know make it easy
ac ten attack what I mean yeah there you
go you toss the the rope to Captain
Barbeau and you can pull them on the
boat no problem the the two other
Griffins leave and the ship sails on
successfully navigating
encounter as I pull him up on the boat i
chide him captain barb oh there's no
need for these flashy antics why do you
continue to do this yeah you could have
died don't say never ridden a Griffon
before I thought it'd be really
interesting maybe you should have been
the one to take it I've been smelling
pretty [ __ ] bad don't like it I'm
with a very confused condescending look
captain you need to take good care of
yourself if not all at least for the
further future Yeti bastard child you're
right I should definitely take good care
of myself before I get to Rockwell I
have a few words that I'd like to have
with your mother
close to rolling for an issue okay I
believe it is a tense journey for the
remaining two days to rock wave he's a
petulant child everything out it I won't
go and um I'll block thank you for
bringing me aboard I appreciate him
saving me no problem we always have room
for a good sailor here captain I will be
visiting his mom now at okay two and a
half days later you guys arrive in Rock
wave it is well this is your home lock
what do you what do you want to tell us
about rock wave rock wave is a place
that is full of people that are just not
good people there's a lot of political
games that people play with families
with each other they're not very
concerned about the well-being of anyone
else
they're very self-absorbed culture these
would be the kids in modern day age that
would be taking far too many selfies and
wouldn't actually be concerned with the
happiness of anyone around them and they
would all be very gossipy not very good
friends to each other
so as soon as basically as soon as we
land here I would wish everybody well I
would retrieve my cloak from Midori I
hope I as when we land I'd like to yell
lurid benelli
has arrived in Rockwell prints Spinelli
is back I like to ride my cloak from a
during after ever to my cloak I inform
everybody that I'll be waiting on the
west side of town towards the exit
waiting for us to leave towards the book
area or whatever I have no desire to
talk to her interact with anyone in this
city alright I did yell that you do yell
Lord Benelli has arrived yes Loreena
locked Benelli is back in rock well it
will attract a lot of attention and
looks as people like what who he's back
and then there will be eyes following
and they'll see him squads its town yeah
they definitely spot him the rest of you
who don't take off right away what's the
plan you got to get this stuff these
books to be the crew of the ship at some
point right or the books just like here
somewhere I'm chillin there in the
ruined city and the challenge right
where's that right here the big X on the
map yeah so we have to make a journey
yeah wait once we get the books how are
we gonna carry them back from challenge
you rock wave we get a donkey unit disk
ok yeah we're loading disk is a can trip
right or is that a level one spell slot
it's a spell let me see how long it
lasts I think it might not work because
I think it's pretty sure it's one hour
yeah it's also ritual so oh ok nevermind
yeah we can do it it's just a it's just
a little annoying but we can definitely
do it mm-hmm is there anything else you
guys want to do or immediately just like
Locke takes off and you guys gather your
stuff and make the arrangements with the
the crew and d'Artagnan and then leave
there we actually I don't need to work
for a spell shop here just so can you
give us a description of like what the
town's like yeah it's a small Oceanside
town it kind of is resting against a
hill so it rises as it goes inland quite
a bit there's no wall around it not a
lot of people slightly impoverished
they're still like a nice rock wave
estate that we can see our Pinelli
estate yeah
yes can you describe this sure it is on
the east side of town
it is a small stone manor with a
palisade wall built around it so
initially not a defensive structure
later a defensive structure built around
it house this may be 40 people like
including guards and everything yeah
after use like that it's got some
gardens and some fields and an orchard
off to one side a nice cozy little
estate yeah Midori do you want to go
meet his family I think will bring jail
along too so nothing's you know I'm
happy to accompany you please come along
with us and I'll grab my dog yes finding
his family's estates no lock is a really
good relationship with his um family
talking about it I recall sharing
something different maybe my memories
not serving me well but no he really
enjoys the company of his family he's
just like embarrassed because um you
know he hasn't been here in a while he
got kind of kicked out of rock way of
simply yeah alright I'll trust you on
this cool Steven do you have any notes
on me about your family so I can
properly portray them right I mean like
things would be like I guess like pretty
standard ish in terms of like how a
noble family would function um for
instance the mother was very sympathetic
towards my grievances but ultimately she
realized the way things were I couldn't
really do much but but would always kind
of I guess have any year for me or I
would have her ear and then father is
probably some sort of military veteran
probably very distinguished very noble
very set in his ways very much
dismissive of any complaints I would
have over how things work very irritated
of the fact that I didn't want to take
up like some family mantle or whatever
past that and then obviously very upset
that I'd left and then I was an only
child so no other people to pass
anything on to so probably pretty
agitated with that situation yeah and
you left because they were
of nobles and you sided with the common
man yes my yeah Locke left because he
had very bright eyes or whatever for the
world like one of the things be very
good grew up realized that things
weren't necessarily as they were
portrayed and that there were more
political games going on that he liked
and was disgusted in less yeah okay
excellent
so you guys head over to the the estate
yeah you get to the gates around the
palisade wall and there's a pair of
guards and they cross their spears as
you arrive and the first guard says
uh-huh what is your business here
newcomers I'm here to talk to her -
Ellie yeah we have news what is death
wait what wait what please please come
in they they open the gate and one of
them leads you through one of them stays
behind the leader actually bolts down
the pathway to the estate and you guys
can walk on in towards the gates while
the guard runs down there
oh listen did you say he was back in
town and everybody saw him aren't they
gonna know he's not dead oh [ __ ]
[Laughter]
you guys arrived at that rolling as
mother and father are coming down
they look very worried mothers like RT
trying to hold back tears father is
stoic as ever he's got a breastplate on
and a long sword at his side he's got a
little bit of sweat going you can see a
young man panting behind him leaning on
a quarter staff and before you can get a
word out that walks father says you've
heard of my son who bring news of his
death um dad did I say death nothing
yeah town-bred
red not dead see nomes we must rhyme
with every word that's um so not dead a
bread we bring news of his great bread
that he came back to the town to see you
what my gnome is trying to say is that
we've news that your son is back in town
and I wanted to inform you because he
seems very dismissive of everything to
do with the Fedele man
but I know in my many years of sea
travel and rock wave being on the coast
that you guys are a noble family you see
a mother like crack up and start crying
a little bit like tears of relief and
joy that her son's not actually dead
upside down cuz Locke is back in jail
and why is my son not here uh well it
seems that you guys are not on the best
foot and I came here to make amends see
if I could get you two together and who
are you to speak for my son
I'm captain Barbra of the Barbeau clan a
very esteemed clan of barbarians I'll
look him dead in the eye a barbarian
well I'm not a bar band but my family is
typically and a sea captain best he
shakes his head and walks inside leaving
mother benelli outside I see he's just
like luck to her yeah I'll say that she
steps forward is he is he really in town
yeah he's on the outside I can take you
to him if you'd be interested if he
doesn't want to see me I wouldn't well
that's why he told us to come here is to
come bring you to him cuz he's the only
you're the only one that he ever uh she
really wanted to see she perks up and
says yes of course lit she signals for a
servant to go grab some stuff and a few
moments carriages pulled around she will
graciously allow Midori to ride inside
because she is a cleric the other two of
you have to walk though you're you can't
sit inside with the noble you can sit on
the front with the driver though and you
guys can direct the driver to to where
Locke is yep do you have you have a
moment alone with with mother Benelli I
just want to properly introduce myself
my name is Midori and I
you can kind of embarrassing to say but
I guess you can say um I'm walks one of
the closest friends I see well he was
always a smart boy I knew he would go
great places and so seen him with
clerics is uh I guess a step up yes I
bra see that's a an interesting goddess
yeah we had our differences about that
but he's begun to accept me for who I am
and I really appreciate that I see and
is he is he doing well
yeah he's seeing wonderful actually
heats never really mentioned his family
though I don't know why is he eating
this do you have enough warm clothes
yeah he wears army he fights he's doing
Milan I guess he's very concerned about
him
I guess he hadn't been in contact with
him for mm-hmm may I ask why I'm sorry
if that was you had our differences and
he did not approve of the way we did
things here and well you know sometimes
your you do the best for your children
and they don't approve do you do you
have any children
oh no I don't like children personally
oh I mean um so the two of you aren't no
no no no no no no no no would I be able
to hear them it when they're talking the
case absolutely not no oh absolutely
oh I see if court build it up children
that's not for everyone yeah they really
are yes I have no children whatsoever I
am well I would a cleric of death and
destruction wish a bring a brown that's
high exactly
well has he I guess I can save all my
questions for him but tell me is is he
in trouble
I don't believe he is good good good
my throat and kind of look out the
window feeling really awkward can I
start to play my bagpipes all right
actually I slowly wait I slowly reach my
black pipes and then I look up to
Barbeau questioningly as if for
permission oh go ahead bagpipes all
right give us a performance check
there's the town the drivers super
polite so he's not gonna say anything no
matter what you roll I can't let up well
let's see what I curl first I got it I
loaded up my owl but not my character
sheets like oh there it is I was as
weird yeah okay hmm is there Yeti in the
carriage right now or is he with me
probably behind your guys's legs so the
parents never even saw him and now he is
dressed up as a child right with like a
big hat right well it's time for a nice
song I won't keep it long what could go
wrong and I play my bagpipes it's pretty
good
what sort of song is it what's the mood
that sense it's kind of like a traveling
song like that and then uh better than
another but it's like you know you're
travelling along it's like an adventure
song carriage adventure song yeah and
soon within 45 minutes or so you guys
are pulling up to the west side of town
and you can see Locke out there at some
designated meeting point probably
sitting on a rock just waiting for you
guys to arrive Locke you see your
family's carriage barreling towards you
pulled by a team of horses with a gnome
playing bagpipes leading the way I have
a
shit-eating grin on the on the horse I
didn't just look at him
i I mean I'll just be standing straight
with a very cold very stern look on my
face very squared off I guess is it
approaches I've been a shout over the
bagpipes block we've brought your mother
come out and tell her you love her
there's so nice lock like I love your
family especially your dad he's just
like you yeah as soon as I hear that
it's my mother on board a blacks facial
expressions softened considerably and I
kind of quickly approached the carriage
can I take a roll to hit katharine
barbour off of his horse to shove him
off of his horse absolutely give me a
roll to hit I let it happen and just
kind of like roll with it
absolutely okay I'll let it happen and
no you don't let it happen I actually
pretty forcefully like I mean how much
damage can I apply here for this fall
it's less than ten feet so nothing I'd
want to push him pretty hard though like
a melee punch attack on my Barbeau give
me an acrobatics check DC seventeen
because he made a seventeen Lee attack
role to avoid taking falling damage
would be just minus the thing then yeah
so he like lands and a nice roll and it
doesn't take any damage okay I'll just
say don't worry your dad didn't come the
driver opens the door and brings down
the stage airs and outs who looks at you
sort of stoic Lee and then takes a step
forward and says mmm
LOC mother I'm happy to see you in good
health and I'd step forward and I give
her a big a big old good bear hug
not like oppressive but like yeah she'll
gently put her arms around you and talk
to you three times and say it's so good
of you to come what are you doing in the
middle of nowhere why have you brought
me here I honestly have no idea why they
brought you out here but we are passing
through on our way to recover some
ancient books
oh I see you're just passing through you
didn't intend to come see unfortunately
yes I'm not ready to return home yet not
even a visit to say hello I think we
both know their father would be just as
displeased to see me as I him she looks
around at these you know other people
that aren't close family members and my
foot into the ground looking sad I kind
of like take walk by the side and
whispering as you do it that's your
mother well if your journey proves
taxing and you need a place to stay
there's there's no need to stay in town
we can of course put you up for the
night
that would actually be wonderful I have
you we've had a long journey here and
it's probably nighttime now I'm in need
of the rest after our big Frado
Griffin's we appreciate the offer but
we're most likely past maybe another
time wait Midori would its do you not
think that we should stay there ask him
in a hushed whisper but very stern wait
why are you acting like this towards
your mother our child needs a place to
sleep lock okay I very firmly grip
Midori's arm right above the elbow very
firmly and I say please Midori not right
now but lock this is your mother there
is not another this is the only other I
didn't come here to be preached on
family politics by a bunch of people who
barely know who I am she seems so sad
does you think she'd be glad if you
spent a day in her pad maybe another
time it's not right to do it right now
I just wanted to see your mother luck I
thought this would bring me some cheer
I'm sorry if it affected you this much I
promise I wasn't gonna go to your home
and go changers you're not strangers to
me but the situation with my family is
incredibly complicated the hatred that I
have for my father runs deeper than any
hatred I have for any other man I've
ever met
after all we've been through don't you
think it appropriate that we knew do you
meet a team how my family life is
relevant to anything that's going on and
no you're not gonna be taking anybody
that carries my name out well you said
you ate and more than any man you've
ever met I've seen you've killed men for
less so I thought you you know and if
he's a man that needs killing I'll do it
myself captain I don't need you doing my
family's business for me I'm not sure if
you could actually do it yourself but we
are adventurers no matter where we may
roam I turn my back and I leave the
group and I uh and I put my my hands on
the shoulders my lovely mother and then
I I give her a gentle kiss on the cheek
and then I tell her that I appreciate
seeing her and maybe we'll see her on
our way out of town when we come back
there of course it was a pleasure to see
you even for short such a short time
do you write and she hops in the wagon
gives it a tap from the inside and the
driver pulls around and takes off as
they take off and I watch them leave I
turn around and I draw my Halbert and I
look at captain Barbra I have no reason
to fight you like what in the hell is
your problem I just thought you could
use your mother's thought what why would
you drag my family out here into the
middle of all of this [ __ ] mmm everybody
else was willing to go along with
everyone else was what willing to see my
family they mean nothing to you little
testy and I'll just kind of like walk
past him walk past him as he wait hold
on I mean if you're gonna get me ya mean
walk past me I clearly move to the side
in front of him to body block him um I
mean I'm just gonna stand there I'm not
gonna fight him
just waiting on you lock you can make
the first move if you want lock this is
something very personal to you my friend
why not tell us what bothers you so much
okay well it closely I lean closely into
Captain Barbossa face and my eyes
Lachlan has if you [ __ ] around with me
or my family again I will [ __ ] kill
you okay and then I kind of like draw
I'll lean closer and say I'd like to see
you try okay can I try to shove him off
to the side and walk and walk yeah
athletics versus his acrobatics 16 yeah
you give him a nice shove and he gets
pushed 10 feet backwards it's not good
and then I continue to walk we should
make good progress if we want to get to
the city before nightfall or it's a
great half isn't it it's like 10 miles
out of town oh as I come out there yeah
all right yeah we begin our journey a
wonderful happy journey to get some
books you make your way that evening
that afternoon and arrive by evening at
the foothills of Rock Ridge wait as if
you were all to avoid damage because I'm
pushing real hard who's not gonna take
falling damage from his feet okay I
would need to declare like a punch or
something to do that huh yeah I'd have
to be a regular attack okay as you
arrived at Rock Ridge let's give it a
quick chat about this because you you
know this area very nice wait wait you
just cut out like for five seconds oh
yeah okay go you're cutting out a bit
yeah Rock Ridge let's talk about it you
know this area very well lock this Ridge
is home to a bunch of hobgoblins that
sort of patrol up and down and also come
out into the plains a little there is a
rock like the giant flying bird that was
down on the talons over here on this
peak a small family of them and there
are some mountain giants that live in
this peak as well none of these
creatures are friendly we kill Hojo in
two
right yeah Mountain Giants are bigger
stronger meaner fatter
Talon is an old abandoned ruin city for
a long long long ago people sometimes
make trips here you know of it but
there's nothing worthwhile it's been
picked over a hundred thousand times
like you know the equivalent of like tal
Mira or something you know complete
ruins in the middle of nowhere except
for the one tower in it that is a
Griffin Avery historically and presently
Griffin's just living there you would
know that this Ridge is pretty rocky
terrain there's lots of like underbrush
and chaparral everywhere but I say not a
lot of like major cover I think that's
all we need to know about this area as
you approach anyway that evening you get
to the amount of the ridge to the hills
you know that Talon is on the coast and
that you could probably push till
tonight and find it or you could camp
here and approach it in the morning
which would you rather do I want to camp
or I want to I want to push I'm gonna be
pushing with our way we shouldn't yeah
just get this over with the party
arrives that night in Talon another Hill
sort of town built into a hillside this
one collapsed all over the place
but the light of the moon you can see
the one tower still standing up at the
top of the hills and on top of a little
bit of a cliff and you can hear the
squawking of Griffin's up in that
direction as well there's no sign of
other monsters the alda Scout that area
all can only go 120 feet from you how
far are we out from the Griffins
half mile isn't there um isn't there one
of the tombs that's marked in my book
also like really close to here yeah
that's at somewhere on the rock peak is
that time mm-hmm that's the check mark
yeah yeah this is a different book that
not the tome right the old book that we
got long the one that we went to go get
the release of vampire had several
locations for tomes one of tombs one of
the tombs is that one
right there we just happen to be close
to right now wait hold on where do you
see this huh
it's the checkmark on rock beat oh
that's a that's a tomb we can go to it
has it's one of the tombs that tavington
marquise I got you okay I understand
okay all right Anne anytime one more
other we were told to go to well this is
all we're doing up here right now but
there is a place in Arizona we have to
go later right and yeah we have to go to
a fortune you are we going okay are we
good are we sorted out the book thing
and going back first and then going up
there or yeah sorting out the book okay
why don't we take a break right here and
when we come back from our break we will
deal with Talan and the Griffins and the
tower and everything that comes after
that okay okay it's getting spicy
you
[Music]
you
you
[Music]
I don't actually know that song sorry
[Music]
I'm gonna count down a 2-1 hello
everybody and welcome back to gnomes
tomes and catacombs
you guys are approaching the tower that
night by the light of the moon making
your way up the hill you can hear the
squawking of the Griffins as you get
closer and closer to the tower when you
notice a few of them sort of like taking
off from the uppermost floor of the
tower not like the roof but the top
floor itself and spreading their wings
into the night sky and then you lose
them as they go like below the Hill line
where the moon doesn't shine on them as
well Jerell
something al is scouting right did I see
take your your owl will see them do this
thing as well you can see then taking
off a few of them going high three of
them going low below like as close to
the ground as possible while the other
two are coming from way above and they
look like all five are beelining for you
guys wait there's five be lighting for
us yeah so you're coming up this sort of
up and hill towards this tower and it's
nighttime and five Griffin's take off
from the topmost floor there's still
squawking coming from the tower
indicating more up there but these five
have taken off three coming load two
coming high and are headed in your
direction how far are they right now
quarter-mile 5th of mile I tell my
partner horrible um can you describe the
train around us right now better than
that I will give you an image of the
terrain around you guys
it is a ruined this is probably like an
old church that you're walking through
right now
maybe or an estate or a series of
buildings adjacent to each other okay I
am going to tell the whole party and
then I'm also going to hide in a tree
and I'm gonna illusion I'm in a hot like
height at the base of the tree and
create an illusion to make the tree
trunk look bigger than it actually is
where is um where would the direction
we're headed on this map is up north yes
this is the direction of the Griffins as
they come towards you okay oh my god I
totally just tapped out or not time that
I hit the back of my mouse okay so so
like is very upset and has been like
very heated and I think will have been
like considerably farther ahead maybe
like 30 or 40 feet of the party or maybe
even more than that yeah he's pushing
forward yep okay also I don't think am I
able to see these Griffins or not
approaching because I don't have night
vision you don't have night vision you
saw them take off because they were
silhouetted against the moon and now
that they are lower you've sort of lost
track of where they are okay I mean I
tell the whole party like the birds the
birds are coming here they're there near
one thing that lock and probably maybe
not Gerald maybe Gerald would know is
that Griffins are fairly stupid
creatures you know they're not they're
like animal intelligence level creatures
but they do love they're like horse meat
and donkey me and there's sort of like
pack animals there they're really big
fans of them Dominick the donkey is
probably the attracting issue as these
Griffins approach let's roll initiative
as they arrive what's the max range of
your vision mister no mister not it's
pretty a lot let me see just one sec let
me look it up
Darkman to reposition my character or
nosy stuck there no this is where we're
gonna start initiative oh I'm sorry I
like you can use the first one okay
superior dark vision is 120 feet okay
so at a hundred and twenty feet is when
you first see them you also have
abilities that work from a hundred and
twenty feet out I do so you will get one
free round of attacks before everyone
else for a round of action right yeah
[Music]
could I turn the donkey could I like
illusion something into the donkey to to
make him like make him like look like a
rock or look at my look make him look
like something else
sure I think you have multiple minor
illusions going at the same time or is
it just one I can't have multiple as I
just they're only ten minutes long
enough sure mm-hmm
you can illusion the donkey to look like
what um what what I know of my knowledge
would have Griffin eat like a rotting
animal like a long dead animal
they sometimes scavenge yes not usually
they prefer their meat fresh but they've
been known to you pretty much anything
oh the object can be no longer than a
five-foot cube and a donkey is larger
than a five is longer than five feet
long
I might have to burn a small slot for it
let me check sound image so I want to
create I want to do a silent image but I
wanted to I want to just look like a big
stone donkey so like when they come into
sight they realize it's just a statue
hmm okay excellent mm-hmm all right so
you statue eyes the donkey I'll make him
gray for us then and I'll burn a spell
slide excellent okay now we go to the
everybody hide this is the next round
the Griffins are and now at this exact
range which worked out pretty good lock
you're the first one to go you can see a
few of these Griffins I'm gonna make the
the ones that went high have little blue
marks on them so there's no question as
to which ones are which you can see
these three Griffins come in low to the
ground these two other ones come and
high up
all right sounds good
I will step forward and take one attack
against the Gryphon in front of me
mm-hmm what am i character they go sorry
okay four seven damage beautiful you
will crack the Gryphon and fun section
bonus action I can actually I'll do an
extra attack cuz that is something I
love a firefighter can do as well so a
second time 13 is that hit that does
four eight very nice my bonus action 15
for seven set all right so it's hack
hack smack as the halberd rips the
Griffon to shreds I took ten feet
forward so I can do 20 feet back mm-hmm
perfect perfect
the first Griffin comes and it's gonna
go right past lock completely ignoring
him it's gonna head for the donkey and
as it gets close I'm gonna give it a
check a perception check see what it
thinks of this now stoned donkey is it
real quick can you draw that path three
on the map for what it did it cross me
it crossed this which is within 10 feet
of you yeah okay I will do my sentinel
and I will bring it to the ground smack
it out of the air as it tries to fly by
me maybe maybe I don't know you might
miss oh wait did that role not go oh
there it is 9 is definitely a mess yeah
ok if it closes it's going to make
itself a perception check it has
advantage on checks that rely on sight
this is not a check relying on sight 14
is not enough the the Griffin is
confused and comes to a land on this
Ridge right here of this tower
it looks down over the edge and gives a
large squawk the next Griffin is flying
high and it comes over to the back side
of you guys sort of circling around
and looking for something the next
low-flying Griffin is going to also come
for the donkey which is its primary
source 25 perfect so it lands at the
donkey so if it takes a full action to
proceed the illusion it takes a full
action yes that it'll take a full
actually like once it realized that
that's its turn the way it can't attack
this turn its creature can use its
action to examine the image perfect look
at that that's exactly what it's doing
so it notices like lands seized the
statue like donkey gets a little bit
closer sniffs and then squawks loudly oh
the jig is up
Midori it's your turn it's okay I wrote
three initiatives by accident my person
was three it's fine it's fine I was
really honest I should get some
inspiration since you already have
inspiration from your last time that you
haven't used
oh well that's true the persons in front
of me they should be five feet apart so
I can read bravery yes
24 will hit the first Griffin does it
hit both of them or do you need to roll
separate attack rolls no idea but we can
just do one attack roll for both of them
it's fine we don't keep the 11 for both
of them
I like that okay just one attack roll
ahead on both that's fine okay you chill
the Griffins
and it becomes Captain Barbossa turn I'm
gonna run up to this first Griffin uh
one second alright okay there isn't any
each other so I have sneak attack on
this Griffin and I'm gonna attack it
with mice magic sword why do you have
Stig attack on this Griffin um once per
turn you can do yeah you don't need
advantage on the attack Cove it's if
another enemy I'm sorry is within five
feet of it I don't think I'm at
advantage I think I met Jake at X I
right so you get sneak attack three
today within five yeah
I didn't mean to bend my butt right
right but correct if there's no enemy
within five feet that's right so these
two Griffin's are adjacent so I are like
six feet away well their heads might be
six feet away but they are five feet
from each other Midori just cast a spell
that means all right I'll just attack
the Gryphon then and all right give me
the role hit
23:27 you cut into the Gryphon deeply
for 17 points of damage
sending feathers and blood all over the
place the next high flying Gryphon ooh
it's a litany
there's not really a lot of room for the
Gryphon to land so it's gonna come over
here and like this how are we going
after Chad or Midori oh it's definitely
going after little Chad it's the closest
thing to a horse around here and it goes
for us wait it's like he's covered in
like clothes and stuff he looks like
yeah it's like a small little morsel you
can just gobble him up in one go he's
delicious
I'm filling for them hmm I guess we'll
need another snack after this so he
slashes Chad for 8 damage 15 and then he
goes to beat Chad in delay okay you want
to use your reaction to throw yourself
in front of it I can still attack on my
turn right yeah you second I throw
myself in front of it
alright you throw yourself in front of
the gryphon it misses its attack you
land sort of like between the Griffon
and Chad sort of like batting at its
claws Chad backing up against the wall
terrified of the Griffon it says
attempting to communicate with you the
next gripping is the one that loft first
attack and it's gonna come land right at
you lock and play with you first attack
with his claws 18 do I does it do you
win ties or loose ties for attacking
tag you ties go to the attacker that
sounds like some [ __ ] but okay yep
but it's excellent you'll take six
damage give me a DC 14 strength saving
throw or be knocked prone and restrained
you pass you're fine
it will then bite at you it's beat comes
down and rips into your armor but can't
find a spot it's too much metal all over
the place
Gerald you're in a tree I'm in a tree
hidden by a tree kobu a small beacon of
light appears in the center between the
two Griffin's as I lightly snap my
fingers between these two Griffins no
between these two Griffins uh-huh 20
feet back and up ending just in front of
barb oh but not ahead of him okay a
fireball and that small beacon of light
expands outward into a vicious blast
right so we're you're saying centered
between the two Griffin's and 20 feet
away so like it's centers like honey
know the center what the center point
would be the tree behind because I want
to be I want to be 20 feet out from
hitting but I do not want to hit barb oh
so be here and then here so the center
point would be across so that that word
that where those two intersections are
would be where the fireball hits okay
yeah so it's centered like here it
should come in like 20 feet down because
it's something yeah right it's not on
the ground that's right yeah and just
and the blast is gonna be so it needs to
make I just need to make sure I don't
hit barb oh so it's gonna be if you need
the specific place I mean we can I too
need a very specific place yeah so this
is 20 feet here okay okay
that's mine and this is 20 feet here so
it would be here that it would land and
it would not hit it would no any foot
radius right so it's a 40 foot diameter
spell wait what does that mean right so
radius I measure from the point in the
center of the circle outwards diameters
from one end to another so if it's a 20
foot radius then that means it's 40 feet
from end to end
yeah it's 40 feet across
holy how do I really go everybody saying
so it needs to be way back then yes you
like one it should be twenty feet from
the center to the Griffin so I need to
know where the center plot point is he
able to draw a circle / yes yes that
would be way more helpful here let me
you know what let me turn on a grid as
well and we'll get [ __ ] circle that's
a square yes we give you a forty foot
radius and then I'll move it five ten
[Music]
this thing is the Ranger fireball is it
120 feet or whatever holy [ __ ] 25 feet
across we want to just be the fireball
is 5 10 15 20 yep here we go I can cast
it from a hundred or 50 feet out so it's
about this size yeah okay yeah forty
foot radius perfect
neat okay I can't move it oh you can't
move it no so so move it to the left so
that it covers the two Griffins far to
the left a little bit more to the right
but not on Barbeau and not on lock
yeah well that's what I was hoping for
us hoping you'd give me a center point
and not realize they would hit lock but
if we're gonna do the circle you'll see
all right all right I'm terribly sorry
it's fine I just wanted you to
accidentally blow up lock with the
fireball
got it yeah all lytic so how does this
work so they have to roll a deck saving
throw each of them yeah yeah here we go
and then I'll roll damaged depend on
what happens first one passes second one
fails so I'll roll damage for both so 46
for the first one mm-hmm okay
I just rolled one set of damage for
anything splitting it I roll the photic
and then an 86 is okay okay it's really
good doesn't matter how we do this take
20
the second one will take 40 the Griffins
are blasted by the fireball which lights
up the entire nights like lightning
striking for a moment everything is as
bright as day and then that delicious
smell of is that roasted cat or is it
roasted chicken I can't hmm something
delicious comes this way it's the first
useful spell I've seen you cast known
don't respond cuz I'm hidden behind a
tree loudly squawk and it becomes gerald
no locks turd okay I hear Midori scream
as she falls on to her a little Yeti
bastard child
I scream Midori and I come running over
the wall I believe I'll provoke an
attack of opportunity from the Griffith
yep it will make a claw attack against
you where the hell is my Griffin Tech
laws 23 it hits you for nine and you
need a strength saving thrower to be
knocked prone wait hold on I need a
strength saving throat correct yes okay
I'm gonna roll this head advantage and
use my inspiration okay excellent it's a
2000 K the Griffin in front of me I will
take an attack at advantage because I
believe this is a flank huh so a 13 - 13
damage you will kill that chard Griffin
okay and then hold on so I moved about
like nine ish feet I think yeah so would
it be possible for me to move and attack
that other Griffin or is it you can get
to here and then that next Griffin is
within 10 feet of you which is your
range of your weapon okay barely but it
wouldn't be a plank right there's no way
no way no just donkey count as a flanker
like if I move here does that count as
gonna flank cuz it focused on the donkey
the donkey is not for my flanking him
what about Kathy barb oh he's with an
attack range right that's Griffin how
about I use the owl to give you an
advantage anyway oh I know the Griffin
is we got
count the third dimension of the chess
game here the Griffons on a wall so the
Barbeau would have to be in the air
right it's got to be opposite sides okay
all right
in that case I will just come forward so
that I'm within 10 feet of it I guess
and then I will take another still
harbored attack told I didn't want to
wreck on this but I had the allo
assisting I said that before you did
yeah then I'll probably crit this guy
417 yes this is the one the tacking
Midori right no yeah you know no no the
one the one to the right the one to the
right okay I'm sorry I moved you in
correctly then you shouldn't but you
wouldn't need to move all right okay you
hit this one 417 creeping into the a
fairly large bird and then I will take
my bonus action and then pull our master
here the burbs falls off its perch hits
the ground with a heavy thud landing
just before the donkey who is freaking
out because there's Griffin's all over
the place
okay Shh Dominic it'll be next Chris
Powell's is going to come and attack the
owl it's another little easy prey target
here and there's no action ready to
cancel it pause come in 13 hit an owl
maybe I don't know it's a sea owl AC 11
all right so the Griffin rips your all
to shreds with its claws it blinks out
of existence and the Griffin like [ __ ]
it said to the side very confused that
it's dinner is just gone gets over it
and makes a beak attack against Chad
with a 23 to hit ripping into Chad for
12 points of damage
wait chatter the idol
Jack oh that is no dying
Chad is at negative
I can't wait to blame Lilly Maggiore oh
yes
excellence that's the Gryphon Midori's
turn also Chad needs to make a death
saving throw someone mother was father
one of the parents whoever's got custody
failed with the next son it's your turn
Midori call Chad he's dying [ __ ] I
removed that email I'm going to the
Griffin in the front and I want to use
my channel of divinity so it's five plus
twice my cleric level but cheese wanna
hit though right Oh cuz you miss your
emotion Oh uses fresh yawning if you
call it before you make the attack like
Locke just showed us how to do properly
get it here
bye Chad alright captain Barbeau I'm
gonna Naruto run to the griffin in front
of me and give Locke a nod of approval
for killing another Griffin on my way
all right Brenda bet here Hiero to run
your it's actually inefficient because
you're not using your arms and you can't
go that far so I can run to 25 feet and
still hit him this just terrible alright
alright you you normal
thank you so with Ray Kassar dasa T I
can hit him with um you gain an
additional way to you sneak attack
you don't need advantage of any attack
role sneak attack against a creature if
you're within 5 feet of it no other
creatures are with invited feet of you
so I can just perfect you guys are
alone now you get your sneak attack
damage usually alone that one doesn't
hit probably that one has 11 does not
hit 23 will for 17 points of damage
excellent
next up is the South most Griffin that
was trying to attack Chad but then
Midori got in the way the Griffin is not
really happy you're getting in the way
of it in its food so it's going to claw
at you Midori 11 which is no good
scraping against your armor and then
it's going to peck your eyes out
with a 10 just kind of pecking at that
hood of yours and not making it home the
next Griffin is against mr. Barbeau and
thus Griffin goes to pounce on you first
hand hits you for 12 damage give me
strength saving throw as it pushes you
to the ground
I'd like to use evasion as um you have
on Canada as well yes okay and then
strength you can give me strength saving
throw you remain standing the Griffin
like rakes your body instead of plunging
its claws into your chest you stumble
backwards and it brings its beak forward
to rip out your throat with a
fortunately you dodged Gerald from your
position near the base of the tree I am
going to cast I don't want a magic
missile because it will reveal my
location so I'm gonna toll the dead on
the Griffin next to Barbeau and I'll
cast that's 2d what is the new spells 2d
12 isn't it is it a wisdom saving throw
yeah you're right sorry the wise and
savory throws right first it is a fail
on the saving throw and the damage is to
t12 at fifth level it becomes to d8 or
to d12 it isn't wounded Birds of to d12
you can just roll the dice 10 points of
damage
I believe necrotic damage to the Gryphon
yes we there's before you did
yeah this is okay that's fine look you
started off okay I the donkey runs over
here it's terrified sons is dead so I
believe that this this move here this is
definitely a flank right
definitely yeah okay I pull out my
halberd on ice-cream as I dive towards
the Griffon get off of them you foul
beasts take one attack I'd advantage
that's one I'll do my second attack for
1111 will also hit it ripping into the
and the seven will hit it this triple
attack is devastating to the Griffon who
gets its hind legs ripped up its tail
gets lopped off and then it gets like a
whack against its ass okay the lower
Griffin this is the one that was eating
Chad last round does it stop its meal to
join its friend in battle I don't think
so tricep tactic can I jump in the way
again
actually well before that if it
continues its attack on Chad
I believe I get an opportunity to stop
it because you get opportunity attacks
against anything that makes an attack an
attack against a friendly gap with
Sentinel as long as no one else has sent
off go ahead make your attack you
haven't used a pan you can damage you
hit it pretend it can't move but it can
still fight so it's still gonna attack
Chad Midori go ahead and throw yourself
in front of it
give me a aesthetic soar acrobatics
check wait a second if I trip it is it
it's is it still able to continue its
attacks or does it have to stand up
settle for action I forgot standing up
is a half of its movement okay so that
wouldn't impact anything okay no oh God
Midori you go to dive in front of the
birds you just hit her in front of Chad
you hit one of those roots at that tree
and just faceplant on the ground which
attracts the Griffin's attention it's
keen eyes and now it goes to attack you
with advantage to the roles because
you're prone curtilage o-22 to hit you
for seven points of damage
you can go ahead and make me a strength
saving throw if you want you're already
prone this will just prevent you from
being grappled pass not a problem
and it also pecks at you with advantage
with a 22 hit you for 1300 Midori are
you even alive I'm okay I'm just I can't
see Chad's life borrow cuz he doesn't
have one okay that's negative 2 he's
unconscious and it's time for one of his
parents to make a second death saving
throw for Chad if he rolls a Neverland
if I touch him now and he dies is it a
peaceful death what that can't
definitely move I'm just curious
can you touch him it takes a minute for
you to kill them it does take a full
minute now yeah but it would be a
peaceful death if you did it would be
calm and easy and painless do you enroll
his death say midoriya can I do this in
the middle of combat though like 10
combat rounds go for it
it's a 1 to 20 a flat d 20 yeah what was
a d 29 yes it's still within the range
of 1 to 20 so it's effectively a d20
chad is one death saving throw from
death and it is your full turn you are
prone while a Griffin attacks you from
above there are like seven math majors
that just got so triggered by that space
Griffin that's like eating Chad I will
attack that one can I use my information
to use it yes do it you hit and then you
use your channel divinity - I'm level 4
or 5 hours
fine so twice my Clara 10 15 20 damage 5
Plus 24 25 damage to the Griffin it's 5
10 15 so it's like 20 altogether is what
I meant say oh you don't have healing
spells oh you lost all those Erica all
right let me just double-check one thing
here I think we can go to Barb oh yeah
I'm going to attempt to throw my steel
dagger and kill the Gryphon that's
attacking Chad alright so you turn
around you're gonna throw your dagger
that far yeah it is within range but
it's that long range so it's just a
different ten is not good enough okay
dagger lies that's it I'm gonna hit the
Gryphon in front of me with what with my
rapier you just made your attack don't I
get to oh don't I get to know I'm gonna
get a bonus attack only that you take
the attack action yeah you can make your
all faint attack a thing yeah the melee
attack missus doesn't need so the the
niche rules I don't know it might have
to be a melee attack that's with your
main hands uh that's fine I can use the
bar for the short turn no what I'm
saying is I don't think you can make
your offhand attack if you throw your
dagger I think you want to make your
attack if you make an attack with your
main dagger right because it's all I
should have attacked first but yeah yeah
I'm pretty sure that's the role we're
just gonna run with it okay that's fine
yeah okay then I'm gonna use a dash
action or a disengage disengage as a
bonus action and move where move
somewhere over there all right
Coolio Griffin oh it was attacking
Midori who'd of out of the way baby chat
is now available angry Locke is behind
it
know about Gerald what is our Griffin to
do that's true lock did [ __ ] up its tail
so the Griffin will turn around and push
one claw against you trying to hold you
down with 11 to hit it's no good and
then it will be if he if he [ __ ] um [ __ ]
I should know this I'm sorry for my
Battlemaster if something misses me when
I repost
is that a reaction or can I just do that
on a minute Oh a that's a user reaction
I'm sorry nevermind good alright so the
Griffin makes its attacks against you -
no and the other one that was fighting
you and then fighting Barbeau is going
to come on over here how far can it walk
they can walk 30 feet yeah so it walks
right on over towards barb Oh Fran
attacks him first with the claw and
knock you to the ground natural one no
good and then the beak from behind for
thirteen points of damage
evasion brings it to seven points of
damage
all right Gerald it's your turn I am
going to use a second level spell to
enlarge block with enlarge reduce oh
right yeah he saves involved as long as
he's willing no problem okay look if you
grow in size how much do you grow wait
is this gonna [ __ ] my armor and [ __ ] up
or how is this gonna work
armor gross with you your honor goes
with you you you get a big-ass weapon
and everything you do deals 1 DX 1 D for
extra and you get advantage on strength
checks and saving throws yeah so you
double your size if you were it makes
you more effective to the Griffons which
is good for us
okay we're six feet tall before you are
12 feet tall now so let's get giant lock
on the battlefield hell yeah Super Mario
Brothers okay
giant locks turn you can finally look me
in the eyes lock
I don't know if I can tell my head that
low right now with this helmet on okay
I'm gonna take an attack against this
creature in front of me also um real
quick what's his reach now that he has
that it doesn't change it
okay wait actually do I get event
advantage on attacks naturally now or no
strength checks and strength saving
throws I think the bigger issue is that
this is a wall right back here so as you
grow in size you and the Griffon are now
too big to fit in this narrow space
between the two of you you guys are like
stuck together in this tight corridor
shouldn't he be pushed back huh
something like that why don't we resolve
that with it an opposed strength check
just to see who pushes who out of the
way if that's a strength check he should
get it yeah thanks for the advantage
yeah help advantage not so good the
Griffon gets even worse so the Griffon
gets like shoved back the situation I
get away okay
okay I'm gonna go for since I already
have its attention anyway I would hope
I'm going to move here I believe I will
provoke an attack of opportunity yes you
will
and the Griffon is going for its claw
attack to knock you to the ground 20 to
hit 90 damage DC for 54 team strength
saving throw but you have an advantage
on Wow
okay pass in flying colors so I take 9
damage mm-hmm okay then the one that is
attacking Midori and Chad I will take
one attack 14 here that's a hit 13
damage hit y plus one not plus 24 okay
so roll one d4 okay so 17 damage right
mm-hmm
one more attack critical because I just
did there are another d4 you do double
the DeForest cuz you critical giant la
clear in the field 18 points of damage
the Griffin is alive wait barely no
running oh there you go alright Maggiore
right i kill it clear it and then I'll
move forward hold on is my movement
changed at all or no no ya bigger legs
you should feel to run yeah but I think
it's under building and you're like slow
stepping around ok I should have like
around 10 feet of movement left I
believe so I just move forward here as
much as I can I guess I'm gonna Midori's
turn and Chad Barba or little Chad's
last death saving throw please one of
the parents role of one you could use
its brain if you have it
wait can you I actually don't that
doesn't have inspiration get to pass you
can eat a 10 to death as you try to
defend him from the Griffins yes all
even can view it because chad has died
again Lily he's dead again they lasted
longer than I thought they would see
what two episodes is a Pyrrhic touch
this isn't until the spell and she can
make the attack again on each of you
here so it's like basically continuous
for like Sarah but like ten rounds then
or what yeah so basically once you cast
the spell as long as you maintain
concentration you can keep using it as
an attack over not over as long as you
maintain concentration which gets broken
by damage and stuff oh yeah I'll just
I'm just just gonna whack out the person
I mean I'll chill touch it and actually
no guiding bolt it yeah just level one
okay
guiding bolt hits it for 16 points of
radio damage holy [ __ ] that's really
[ __ ] good yeah Isaac Griffin is
barely alive Barbeau and your cousin's
namesake dies what are you gonna do
about it
I am enraged right now I'm gonna attack
this Griffin with secretive with all my
might as this one's already made as nine
is gonna hit or 17 is gonna hit 4 9 14
is gonna hit 4 7-5 7-6 is 16 and 6 22
leaving the Griffin at one hit point I'm
gonna use rakish I'd ask for you to a
fancy footwork to dip out a little bit
alright this badly wounded Griffin it
decides discretion is the better part of
valor all the other Griffins are dying
around it it didn't even get its dinner
it will make a claw attack just crab
dead Chad and then leap into the sky and
fly away provoking attacker attacks of
opportunity from all of you yeah and
it'll drop to the ground because I get
my son all the tigereye favorites I'm
done in yeah but it looks like you guys
rip it to shreds so it crash lands
against this wall with little Chad
underneath it that Griffin dies on the
spot
yeah just like flops against the wall
and the blood like splatters outright
yep the next Griffin that Captain
Barbossa sea foot worked away from also
has the bright idea to take off and
we'll use all 80 of its know it'll
double move so it'll fly 160 feet away
back towards the tower at the end that
round bringing you guys effectively out
of combat how long is this enlarge
should last just a minute just one
minute I'm gonna run em tonight Dori and
plead that she bring the Yeti back from
death I know that her God
which I like Shania I wrap my cloak
around her I say Chad that's not within
her power
my name is that chad captain finds death
cleric Midori the cleric of death can't
bring breath back into the dead Chad's
last breath if you were a cleric of
Martha you could have saved Chad and
maybe my cousin too or my nephew
Barbara how dare you call into question
somebody's faith at a time like this
just saying and I'll walk away my donkey
I stopped with Locke and I turned to him
with a very solemn look on my face and
say he's not wrong there's always just
death around me I can't really blame him
for blaming me and then I'm gonna walk
away right the party is battered and
wounded the Griffin's perch is a fifth
of a mile away it's pretty close you've
killed four of the Griffins in there and
badly badly wounded one of them you know
there are more squawking sounds so
there's at least a few more small chat
is dead are you guys gonna approach I'd
like to bury him yeah I think it's not a
man father should be there for the
burial can we bury him in this circle
right here
Jory hot in the middle next to the trees
Tara its cloak Gerald as they take care
of their as they take care of that yet
even perhaps I should search for the
books um we should rest don't you think
we're badly wounded well hold on wait
are we here this is where the books are
right it's like in one of these towers
or a tree but if we rest they won't be
making any more Griffins so we can take
a rest I have the safety of the tiny Hut
this mountain escape is littered with
thousands of Griffin's like
who knows how many more could show up no
it's just a tower there's just some in
it there's not anymore
they're not gonna reinforce it we don't
think that anymore Griffins could wander
and from this air about Griffins like
work it's there's there's a nest with a
certain number in them they're not like
got it don't have like friends they're
not gonna you think there's only four
Griffins in this entire how many are
inside you know because I'm a man of
this area what I have some idea as to
how many great like how populated is
this with Griffins are these like very
rare creatures are these like wolves
like you would expect to see them
roaming about there is a pack or a flock
or you know a group of Griffins the no
one has an exact count of them but it's
somewhere in the like 10 to 20 range
usually it's the expected number which I
work a night or Saigon well if we go
Arya stop and reassess for a moment we
can go into my magical tiny Hut and own
it the magic honey hug it was the smart
rest in ten minutes
well that's another spell but the magic
hut will say will keep us safe for the
rest of the night and from Griffin's and
fright shovelin fair so when they start
the shovel I'll start the ritual for the
hut okay and you're gonna put the hunt
like over the area where they're burying
the body
no that's [ __ ] up Oh [ __ ] wrong with
you nail yeah I'll put it like over here
somewhere like in this in this burger
here sweet rice all right yeah what I
happen to know our great fans like
attracted to the sense of blood or
something like that
think I mean they're like a cross
between a lion and eagle so same sort
predator instincts okay I just feel like
because there's like four giant Griffon
carcasses laying here now right that are
pretty fresh yeah yep I'm not gonna
finish the hut until everybody's in it
though because then otherwise I can't
they can't enter it if I don't do that
they have to be inside of it when it's
Kevin has to be in the spell radius when
it goes off and nothing can leave her
leave her enter it after that for the
time of the dirt though the hut as I'm
shoveling I do complain a little bit
that we could use a shovel for this
creatures and objects within the dome
when you cast a spell can move through
it freely all other creatures and
objects are barred from passing through
it those magical other effects cannot
accept it because once there as long as
I cast it in as long as I cast it
everybody's in the radius at the time I
cast they get in her and leave as they
please but they have except trees right
yeah I can't okay
see you guys bed down for the night the
tiny Hut blocks the sunlight lets you
guys sleep in well enough that you can
get a full night of rest here wait can
we have this done dying
yeah let's deal with the the funeral
here go back to our super sad song what
do you have to say over your over new
Chad's body as I finished the hole I'll
put like little chat in there and I'll
be like Midori maybe it's time for us to
use this as like us I'm to just stop
fighting just nothing this doesn't do
anything this doesn't accomplish
anything between us little mound of dirt
where Chad's body once was
I'll ask were you able to get to him and
make his rest easy before you died
that's it you're talking about the one
that was carried off by the Gryphon
whose body was dropped up here I was
dealing with my other Gryphon up here
okay I didn't see it I was fighting this
one I did not see it in character I was
fighting the other Griffon I'm sorry I
thought I'd have to ask I kind of
whispered a gerald on the side because I
imagined we can hear him talking do you
think Chad's final wish was to go
skydiving that was the case I'm sure his
death was quite peaceful rest in peace
Chad the Yeti ripped up by birds like
confetti and now we're gonna watch Chad
drop all the spaghetti Midori do you
want to keep the yetis brail parents
cloak or do you want to bury Chad with
it what's very chat with it finally he
can go to rest with his true parents
I'll put I'll shovel some dirt on him
you take a whole bunch at in any words
over it cleric of death
no I'm just gonna is it raining right
now i hearing yeah it started to rain
after that okay I'm gonna like look up
at the sky in the rain and I'll let my
hair like it all wet and stuff and just
look up really you know contemplating
and then just walk away without any
words
I'll throw like a little bit of dirt and
like let a little tear rolled down my
eye as a final goodbye to my son are you
ready
are you truly touched enough to shed
tears over this drawl for it yeah I'd
say so
what do you want Neil do you want a
deception check they go hey just wanted
to know if you were sad you'd cry man
it's my [ __ ] Yeti dude it's his son
it's my son I didn't know how much of
this was really your son and how much of
this was a a means to fight with your
jilted lover you know I wasn't I am
going up by O'Neal Chad or bread bed
Barbeau has a soft heart that's why he
won't kill Locke even though he could in
an instant if he wanted to he could SWAT
him down like a [ __ ] fly like the
little man he isn't there time to rest
short rest all right
afterward you guys should all be full-on
hit dice and spells at this point wait
for the ones that you've used thus far
yeah go ahead and hit dice to recover HP
they can burn to hit days they concern
Islander break3 they want but they go
well use my second win first
mmm-hmm wait oh okay nevermind I serious
thing say I meant to use three do you
want to use my fourth since I clicked it
or does three bring you to full yeah
then don't worry about the fourth
in the morning the rain is still here
wait if it hold on during the night I
asked Midori how are you feeling Midori
great thanks for asking how big is this
huh it's big it's like you all have but
but inside is bigger you all have your
own rooms and [ __ ]
it's pretty nice extra dimensional space
let me read it to him or not it says
let's see the atmosphere is inside us
come Oh what am I thinking of that I
thought it makes rooms and stuff what's
the one I'm thinking of there's one
maybe called tiny launch yeah boy
everybody gets their own room and [ __ ]
and it's like really neat is it oh it
must be Carl gathers tower is the one
I'm thinking of perhaps yeah
it's--that's-- at their level spell that
man why did I take that spell [ __ ] what
I'm not even familiar with this spell I
don't see it anywhere in my list of
spells Oh galvers tower is POG dude let
me send it to you this is uhm here
Bacchus Gelder's tower it's Vivian
blocks mom and what book is this I think
it's in it says source llk page 57 it's
not homebrew is it what is a low case
from no it's from lost laboratory of
lost laboratory whatever I learned the K
stands for a callus or something bottom
right says manage homebrew but I've no
idea I don't think it's ham homebrew
I think it's I think it's official isn't
it
any sourcebook I have but you draw us in
the rain Lily looking up at the sky with
tears rolling down her head over a dead
yetis body
that'd be a good picture it's official
yeah lost laboratory of koete KO ish but
I was thinking of magnificent mansion
either way yeah we're in a 10-foot come
together with no room sorry Neil's right
yeah but here's the rep for that spell
for characters 5th to 10th level hmm
sounds you don't want my tower
I don't want your tower spell no no
socks did lawyer yeah we allow Sentinel
in this campaign but not my [ __ ] okay
this is official - I got to make a big
sacrifice to take this [ __ ] ability
to sacrifice having a cool ass [ __ ]
soar it I have to walk with a [ __ ] you
don't look cool no cool person is a
[ __ ] halberd that's for like the fat
guy of the group that was a really deep
laugh and dies on the episode 7 saw
ratted oh there's my sword look badass
now you tell me you bought it it looks
so bad it's the most badass or that you
seen it has a nice bright blue shimmer
and glow not the rapier the sword the
magic one oh the short sword yeah well
it certainly doesn't glow well all right
it looks nice yeah I mean you can
describe it but you can't ascribe to it
extra magical properties like glowing it
looks quick nice Midori the last time
you had a huge issue it seemed like you
were doubting your gut and II still feel
comfortable that is always surrounding
me okay you seem pretty upset about
earlier just making sure I turned to
lock with a very endearing look in my
eye
I touch him in the face and
I'm gonna be really sad when you die one
day and then I won't go ahead again
thanks Midori that's strangely touching
you guys get your rest the morning comes
Dominick the donkey is here with you
the tower is before you it is still
raining gently you can see the flapping
of some wings up in the tower the
squawking of some birds you can approach
and let's talk about the tower as you
get closer can I read some well - sorry
all right if you have a brass brazier
yeah I do all right how much is a
brazier way I'm sorry I just don't know
how you move with it like blocks over
here struggling with like some plate on
you for walk around with the two brass
blazers I think yeah actually I'm just
curious when I think of a is it a small
like it's a little small brass brazier
like handheld breath spray I think of a
brazier it's like a big thing right uh
yeah they're usually a big thing this is
the spelling of bruce's brazier yeah
brazier brazier yeah that's what he's
carrying around to have on his character
it's about the size of the No yeah
that's what I was like is the gnome the
browser or the brazing it's huge
just like 25 pounds to carry that [ __ ]
around it's heavy you could have a
portable one you could have a portable
I'm a good party rule or any [ __ ] you
get is a very funny picture no yeah like
a Google one you could have like a
portable brazier like if you want
meeting I'm just saying they exist yeah
wait Neil why why would you have to have
a giant ass like why would a wizard need
like a giant ass like cauldron like some
in the little owl like wouldn't have
like a little portable one to be fair
that's still pretty big for a gnome
right
[Music]
ten GP worth of charcoal incense and
herbs that must be consumed by a fire by
fire in a big brass freezing big - Bri
ng P worth of charcoal instance and
herbs is $10,000 worth of charcoal
incense and herbs that sounds like a
rather large amount of things to burn
with an hour you know I feel like
$10,000 worth of charcoal incense and
herbs like that's a big quantity you're
gonna need a big thing to to cook that
in I don't know if that's a portable
spell I think find familiar is the sort
of thing you got to do when you're
resting in town to like bring back your
familiar I don't think it's a mobile
spell you know I want to let's have some
consequences for you're all dying in
combat the 10 GP have components need to
be burned in something rezard braze
you're not
Jamie Crawford well oh no no I was just
reading it sir
yeah yeah dr. Z boys my own party
[ __ ] Marine the wizard the gift [ __ ]
wizard
yeah way to get your money back for
those two phrase here's then I don't
think I ever spent money on them anyway
the point is the towers before you it is
four story five stories tall
and there is a staircase that wraps
around the outside of the tower the
inside is all nice and walled off the
very top of it has these big they're
almost like doorways or large windows
that enter into like a smaller Avery
sort of thing and then below it are just
regular windows every so often for the
various floors you know that the books
are not on the top floor but on one of
the first four so all you got to do is
get to the tower get to the books and
you're all good and the tower is easy to
get to you can move right on up to it
and you can look up and you can hear the
Griffins above squawking and you can see
every now and then one of them will poke
its head out and look kind of look down
at you guys they don't we killed four of
the five right yes but these are new
okay these are the ones that didn't come
out to attack you last night
can I do a protection tech near the door
to see if there's like any trap sir
there's no door the staircase just
starts at ground level on the outside
but you can definitely make a perception
check to look for traps
there's no traps it's fine no traps guys
alright I'll begin to walk upstairs I
guess or were looking for the books in
this tower
towers are difficult to run so we're
gonna use theatre of mind for this just
you're gonna have to imagine yourself
walking up stairs on the outside I just
want to know the order that you are
walking in clearly Dominick the donkey
is not coming up the stairs with you
he's chilling at the base of the tower
right yeah makes sense
wait before before we go upstairs though
I'll take I'll take 50 feet of rope out
of dominate and these stairs like
exposed I could you be knocked off of
this totally okay
perhaps we should alter ourselves
together to make sure that we don't all
get knocked off the tower by a Griffin
great idea lock alright
so 50 feet of rope tied between you guys
gives you about 10 feet between each of
you okay and what is the marching order
Lana Fabien I'll be in the front I'll be
second I should be behind lockers la can
protect me Oh Sentinel wait who says I
would protect you here can't you be
protected anyway like by me
no I think that the specific way to be
next door locked if you want I'll be
next to Midori and it's fun yeah I think
that's right okay all right so this is
the marching order lock is the first on
the staircase which whose railing has
long since fallen away
Gerald comes up behind him followed by
Barbeau followed by Midori okay the base
floor of the tower where you store
Dominic is empty deserted knocked over
rocks Lola wait I'm sorry can we do a
Gerald
no nevermind I'm sorry okay that's right
again Concepcion check just to also like
look for anything out of the ordinary
trap stuff like that mm-hmm
yeah it looks dilapidated but seifish
there's no traps the rocks look like
they can hold your weight looks like it
was good construction once upon a time
probably why it's the only building
still standing after all these years
should be good to go all right are we
gonna continue then my friends and I'll
give a smile looks kind of safe to me I
don't think there's any traps but the
building is old you guys start to climb
the tower the ground floor also known as
the first floor you people from the UK
is empty you get up to the second floor
you can see that those the window here
has been slightly caved in stones life
strewn about a small amount of dust and
dirt has built up in here it's a few
blades of grass poking out from the
floor the third floor is similarly empty
and the staircase at this point like
falls away it's only the back side of
the tower the opposite direction from
where you approached and the staircase
is like missing a 5-foot gap my cab a
3-foot gap and then that leads up to the
fourth for how many four is Atilla
Griffin's the Griffins are on the fifth
floor so there's one more for ya there's
one more floor which theoretically
should be the book floor if Jeebs was
saying everything right and the top one
should be the Griffin home I can jump
five feet
yeah easily yeah yeah all right so long
ago and and leap to the next section
yeah you guys have 10 feet of rope
between you so it's not too difficult of
a thing to hop one after the other
Gerald you're really small so I want you
to make me like an athletics or
acrobatics check to jump this distance
actually since Gerald is right behind me
can I pursue my my shoulders and jump
across with them yeah okay so you can
put Gerald on your shoulders and hop
across running how nice all right
followed by barb oh and Midori you get
up to the fourth floor
and sure enough inside is a library
there are two concentric rings of
bookshelves all facing in plus eight a
bookshelf that goes around the outside
of this so kind of like three layers but
only you know two pathways some of the
books are knocked on the ground some of
them are worn by weather some of them
are in surprisingly good condition
depending on you know how close they
were to a window or a door and how much
rain was able to get in on them over the
years can I roll in our can I check to
check if there's any spell books yeah
you don't need an hour kind of check you
just need time to sort through all 350
books which will take a while if I am if
we use a tensors floating disk we can
pile all the books on it and 500 pounds
worth yeah 500 pounds worth and then I
Kaz I move away it'll follow me down
okay well there's about 350 books each
one weighs 2 pounds so there's 700
pounds of books here you can grab just
500 if you'd like or you can try for the
mole and with another method of carrying
them is there any way can we like shovel
books down to Dominic just toss them out
the window or whatever yeah you can make
two trips so we can go we can do the 500
pounds down bring him to Dominic hide
Dominic so he doesn't get eaten bring
him back up bring the rest down sounds
okay are these like really fragile books
can we just toss it in the sack or we
could like even rope them down sure so
you guys start piling up your books it's
gonna be a short while or all of you
working on this task or is any someone
standing guard
I'll keep good with this is like a um
like at this pace this place is fully
enclosed where we're at right now right
for the the door and a pair of Windows
and I was like huge windows or like
people sized windows they're regular
windows maybe three feet across maybe
okay
two feet across three feet high okay
like a Griffin isn't flying into one of
these windows right and there's a ritual
awesome okay I will keep watch okay
does that mean Captain Barbossa untying
himself from the conga line of people do
I have to untie myself to like keep
watching us I would just be really
awkward if everyone's tied together and
trying to move books around and to you
in the doorway yeah I think I'm safe
enough unless anybody in the party
thinks dumb idea I'm gonna ritual up two
discs at once there's that they're
actually not concentration so I can
summon two really yeah oh [ __ ] yeah like
can you just make like a hundred of
these to do like me me [ __ ] with a
letter no cuz they only last an hour so
I'd have to stop have to stop I mean I'd
be able to create a wat but yeah with a
bunch of disks they can hold [ __ ] like
it's useful for this could could you
make like stairways with this sir
yeah in theory sure this is a can trip
no unfortunately the spell slot but I
can cast it as a ritual so every it
takes 10 minutes mm-hmm yeah so to this
we pile everything on the disks and then
yeah I mean it's a three-foot diameter
disc it's probably gonna take a couple
of disks to stack them I mean I know can
hold 500 pounds but the volume of books
gets really awkward when you've got like
10 12 books high on this disc it's a
little wobbly yeah so you'll you can
create a few of them and you're working
on this we're gonna use this over here
as sort of the area where everyone's
inside working on things and we're gonna
say this is the doorway where Chad
or captain Barbeau as and we'll have a
window over here and window over here
and concentric rings of bookshelves sort
of like this all right so while the ones
inside piling these books
captain Barbeau you hear Up We're car
and kind of poking your head out the
doorway and looking up the staircase you
can see there's a Griffin kind of
curiously walking down its head cocked
to the side and it stops when it sees
you and it's just like staring at you I
mean I'll just look at the part if
there's another Griffin here and I'll
kind of step back inside because I don't
want to get like thrown down can I like
create a canned trip sound with minor
illusion of like like a thunderous crack
like coming from the hind Barbeau and
like startle mm-hmm absolutely why don't
you give me an intimidation check with
that Oh God
should I want to taint it son
it's a loud thunderous clap but the bird
is used to thunder it soars amongst the
clouds even during thunderstorms so it
doesn't even blink at the Thunder sort
of stares at Chad can I offer the bird
some meat yeah totally
okay I'm gonna spend animal handling
offer the burden ooh sure I'm like in
the corner of my eyes I catch like
Barbara like barb oh what are you doing
roll Fran lammle she pulls out some meat
guess it's kind of close to the Griffon
you offer it to him and the Gryphon goes
to eat out of your hand and then at the
very last moment you realize it's not
eating out of your hand it's trying to
eat your hand I'm giving it advantage
because you're not aware that it's
trying to eat you so all evasion it all
of a sudden like the Griffon lurches out
with its beak and grabs your hand
ripping it for six points of damage
after your evasion and the two of you
need to roll initiative just the others
can jump into combat if they want but
the two of you are now fighting I'll
[ __ ] a Griffin yeah you're also like the
only one that can reach it because of
the single staircase you go first
the Griffon has like I'm in a your right
hand bleeding I'm gonna attempt to
shreds to tag it you will 28 is
fantastic so is a 16 you will do 18 and
11 is 29 damage it's about half of its
HP and then I'm gonna put works back to
my party okay you retreat inside the
Griffins squawks and you can hear the
sound of claws on stone the flapping of
wings is that doorway regular normal
everyday doorway size how many feet hold
on let me get a measuring tape
you're gonna measure your own door he's
gonna measure his door all right like
standard measurements I should know this
from [ __ ] carpet cleaning somebody
should know this the measurement
somebody should know this is it 36
inches that sounds right 32 inches
across oh okay
can I illusion a stone wall into the
door so it appears there's nothing there
I think so there's five yeah the door is
more than five feet tall but you can
create a five-foot cube most of the way
up to the door sounds good yeah
I'm Stonewall appears in front
you guys keep stacking books and you can
hear the birds squawking loudly you can
hear the flapping of wings as a couple
of them take off and like land on the
ground
[ __ ] Birds yeah he round yeah you
hear them like you know the wings
flapping and you can see one of them
like drop past the window towards the
ground all right there they gonna wait
for us yeah let's see he's telling you I
didn't want to ask the DM that like have
that would be information I don't know
so if we look out the window what do we
see the birds doom just plop on down to
the ground and head on into the first
floor there go yep they're headed to the
first floor lock we have to go they're
gonna kill Dominic I Dominic's hidden
he's not hidden in the first floor house
he hidden he's not in the first floor
he's over on that right side hidden it's
that true
oh yeah yeah well that other Griffin
seems like he's pretty [ __ ] close to
dominate but that Griffin's not supposed
to be on the map oh yeah this is this is
not an accurate map the only accuracy of
this map is this tower over here okay
nevermind house where we hid Dominic
yeah yeah we we just said he's hidden
down on the ground
level somewhere yeah
so the Griffins don't immediately attack
Dominic you guys pile more books you're
getting near to the end when you hear
the rabid squawking of Griffin's and the
whinnying of a terrified Dominic appears
that ventually they have found him that
advantage on their perception checks for
roll initiative immediately to see if
you guys can get to Dominic in time how
far is the fall out the window you are
on the fourth floor so what is a 30-foot
drop what does that translate to 3d six
falling damage if you miss a acrobatics
check no just 3d six falling damage I
don't think there's a way to reduce it
from this height
thank you hear that barb oh it sounds
like Redemption is there a would there
be a Griffon flying why I'm on the way
out the winter why don't you just hold
your action and wait for a Griffon to
come fly you know what Neal I'm gonna
hold my action and I'm gonna come back
okay we're okay so wait so on the map is
what we're seeing about correct right
never no no so just the tower is correct
you know you've stored Dominic on the
ground floor near the tower so you can
like you know get your [ __ ] and stuff
let's do let's [ __ ] it let's just say
this is accurate Dominic is stored in
the next Peru and over that's why we
head of hair yeah there's a pair of
Griffin's nearby that have found him and
Dominic is freaking out we can always
buy a new one
and we can carry back all of our stuff
with the disks I don't feel great about
jumping out this window guys how um oh
okay am I able to do this am i able to
make this jump onto this Griffin or no
I'll do it if locks jump and I'm gonna
to leap 25 feet across I want you to I
mean guys before that I go as I go
everything and kill Dominic as well and
kill Dominic
well I'm just fireball wait how did you
get another fifth or third level spell
slide back I recovered it well first of
all you have to spell slots anyway but I
recovered my last third level slot last
rest so a short rest he does yeah I can
recover I can cover three levels is
worth of spells in the short rest that's
[ __ ] sick but you see I'm jumping
okay what can say it's gonna be a dc-10
acrobatics or athletics check to land on
the Griffon oh it I got that um block we
came out huh right well the Griffins go
first
because they've got great initiative
okay
and they I'm gonna make their attacks
and secret cuz you can't actually see
Dominic because he's sitting behind that
short wall let's see
dumb horses a sea horse all right said
the rollers heard Lily
general initiative Jerry character
selected when you're older alright so
the first Griffon starts ripping into
Dominic the second one comes over to to
get involved as well and missus Dominic
oh you guys don't know it and it becomes
Midori's turn are you gonna jump out the
window I can't attack the girlfriend
from the window
Gavin oh do you have anything to attack
the Griffon from the window you're 30
feet up my son yeah like chill touch or
any spells or anything sure that'll work
okay you can see their wings flapping
the Griffins are actually adjacent to
one another attacking the horse in
tandem 11 will 11 damage to each of the
Griffins are chilled Gerald chill out
Griffin um drop that circle for me Neal
you take out a fella give me mobster Oh
like this right that's like 40 feet
across
Oh baby oh I pull this off without
cooking Dominic um so if you draw the
circle back
I can I can blow it up behind of yeah
right yeah sure yeah totally
so I snap my fingers if the small mode
of light appears in the center begins to
expand outward and a horrific magical
fire now my foes expire Romi damage just
once max damage and will apply to all
creatures very well and if they fail
I'll just divide it by two
they make damage but they failed they
both fail mm-hmm that's less than half
damage from your previous attack true
yeah all right the Griffins are
should've been real scary big explosion
big explosion their feathers are charred
their squawking x' there's a faint
throaty whinnying zuv a donkey somewhere
as Locke prepares a name for the bushes
okay I give a real cool like wink and a
nod to captain barber I'll give it back
to show him how this is done all right
if I need an athletics check to jump out
the window onto the Griffin I need at
least yeah tend to hit the Griffin god
damn it to just fall nearby the Griffin
and you know wait what do you think
Yamina roll is 3d6 I want you to roll
the 3d6 captain bar but why does he get
to roll my damage look at that oh sorry
take 10 as you get the brown have you
thought I laugh oh yeah that's right
one attack 13 that's a hit all right
yeah I guess you have enough movement to
like get over here around the wall not a
problem or ease you got it for nine and
sit on the 13 wait no I'm going to use
precision rolling a1 d8 that'll
definitely hit so that's 13 plus 9
damage yep and then I would use my polar
master my bonus talk with you 6 what it
is alive it still lives even with the 6
after yes sir captain barb oh ok thank
you
unless luck it's gonna action that's I
got it yeah that's alright I'm gonna
give Midori a cool wink and I'm gonna
jump out onto this Griffon dc-10
acrobatics our athletics rolling a 3 D 6
yeah right
am i able to evade in this is that only
oh no you can't evade fall dammit what
you gonna do miss an attacker on my own
you hit the ground hover for 11 points
of damage that one too a spike of a tree
and that one actually I'm attacking this
Griffin in front of hey pull yourself up
and like get next to lock there's well
then 14 will hit it and it'll be my able
to have the Cintiq attack and choose
what I want to use it absolutely but I
don't think you have enough movement to
get to the next Griffin fo no you're
following everything
yeah I'll just write B an attack then
with a bonus action or can I do that no
hang out the next Griffin goes first and
from your position you guys can see that
is already feasting on Dominic it's
pulling you know send you out of its net
although the backside of its chard sees
you cut coming in like falling in and
then takes a good bite of one of
Dominic's legs let's see if you can rip
off a leg with a single bite 11 will do
it and it will take to the air and fly
back to the top of the tower wait wait
can I show my reaction
yeah my or my Sentinel limps me attack
right yeah you're close enough
okay so I rolled an eight eleven was
that enough for 2012 nope 12 is the
number all right
taking a leg of Dominic de Griffin flies
back to the top of the tower we did our
best
total Griffin count is one lower you've
killed four and one and you've wounded
too okay I'm not happy about it yeah the
party can return to their book gathering
the Griffins remain pretty quiet
the fireball seems to have scared them
off and after 45 minutes or so you've
gathered up all the books dusted them
off got them all in the right positions
Gerald you said you've been looking at
their names looking for a spell book in
the process yeah that's fine okay give
me your can of check please God if there
was one role that needs to be good this
is the one no not one
oh yeah you do not find a spell book
however and you do find a whole bunch of
books of interest to you I'm gonna give
you the names of the three most
interesting books yes this is this is a
Wizards Tower right yes 700 pounds of
books and there's not a spell book yes
why do you think that is because you are
a savage DM Koivu wizards are normally
really protective of their spell books
right but they wouldn't just leave those
out in like a random library or do you
think that after a thousand years that
the spell books haven't been already
been looted from this tower come on
treasure does not sit in the open for
this long do I find a spell book no you
find out it looks the first book you
come across is called encyclopedia
Magica rods stabs and wands this book is
one of those books that has like dozens
and dozens of magical items written in
it and transcribed in it
is a list of rod steps and wands and
their magical function okay so if you
come you have this book and come across
say rods chances are likely that you'll
be able to figure it out
that's POG that's great yeah that's only
if you don't you know give it back to
the other guy the next book you come
across is called a basic guide to
advancements in wizardry this is one of
those books that talks about the exact
pronunciations and intonation z' of
things and helps like guide Wizards from
low level to high level the specific
mechanical advantage of this book we
will get to at some point as you advance
okay if you want to hold on to it and
the next book is called getting familiar
with your familiar tell ya mm-hmm and it
is a book all about the summoning of
familiars and be careful familiars and
how to well how does summon familiars
on-the-go does it teach me wait what
how does some of them on the go yeah I
know we just talked about how ridiculous
it is but I have a chart of 300 spell
books or non spell books and this is the
one that you happen to roll which sort
of negates the entire conversation we
had earlier which is amusing frustrating
so that so I can now cast that on the go
study this book some you know give it a
couple of days and and stuff and we'll
make it happen I also would like to run
a ritual detect magic spell as well as a
couple of perception checks like during
the time researching books to look for
any secret room or anything the wizard
may have hidden hmm okay detects magic
you said yeah ritual detect magic or any
kind of like words or things that the
wizard might have hidden in this tower
which I also do like a perception to see
if I can find any like um please see the
buttons or anything like that yeah I see
find a secret button you are positive I
don't really want to click it it's this
that like sticks out just a little bit
too far and you're certain as you follow
that there's like a bit of a flick but
it's not doing anything the button must
be broken but then it's definitely a
secret button I will be super excited
Locke come over here
deep D several degrees it's a secret
button guys I see it it's a secret
button okay I come over and I just quit
I take a quick look at it did you know
there is a secret [ __ ] button here no
lawyers yeah but it's not working
wait a minute Ori come check this out
yeah sure this is a secret button is it
not it's pretty you are all positive
this is a secret button
I mean I'm gonna roll to see if I can
find out how to use the secret button or
like I'm gonna look around do I do I see
anything you know no there's just more
book but could the answer could be in
one of these books right there should be
something here
should we set reading to see we can like
find something I don't think we have the
time to go through 700 pounds well there
is a secret button here you we've seen
it oh maybe it doesn't work anymore
I don't know well there's some
mechanical thing to it do what did I
detect magic come up with anything it's
not a magical secret button it must be a
mechanical one but no the there's
nothing obvious the tech magic is
blocked by an inch of stone so you can
really only search the surface of
whatever room you're currently in you
can't like search through walls or
anything can we get some fan er of the
secret button someone please is a real
secret button here
[Music]
none of us can tell how it works we
think it's broken maybe cuz when you
push there's like a grinding and a click
but then nothing happens you know so no
well I have a nice pic maybe I should
like hit around the secret button yeah
yeah yeah yeah if anybody yeah give me a
strength check a strong can I ask to
help too cuz he should have a nice big I
think sure I do advantage on your
strength check okay a very hard time
working his ice pick against this stone
wall it seems to just be blunting the
end of your ice bag sort of ruining it
do you want to use this lock I can't
really it's not helping me um yamadori
can try sure we all have ice fix we can
sit here and dig at this wall like all
right Midori you managed to chip away at
this block until it eventually falls out
and sure enough there's something back
here there is a little like there's a
spring with a button attached on one
side and like stuck to a rock on the
other its a fireball trap what do you
think this is like no idea I mean we
I've come this far we might as well
continue going on to find out what it is
don't press it
[Music]
what's your saving throw your whiz
saving throw Midori okay are you gonna
push the button I detected the magic on
it right there's nothing there's another
stone was in the way and a stone is a
lot of stone yeah it's detects magic is
blocked by an inch of stone let me cast
it again guys on that button it's really
important we could all die I really
detect magic on that again you know this
button must have a non detection spell
cast on it because it's not radiating
any magic whatsoever
it's totally magical time it's our time
I'm Edmund Dorian click it
it just kind of wobbles in and back out
well then take climactic well there has
to be something do you spend the next
half hour sorting out that there's
nothing here okay
eventually you all come to the agreement
that it was just a mistake that you all
made together the Ulta tripple natural
one debate did I roll it too please
thank you - mighty - one all right I'm
gonna create a bunch of disks will pile
the books on them start heading down all
right eventually you guys pile up all
your [ __ ] and head out the Griffins give
you no more trouble
they will feast on Dominic's remains can
we step off of Dominic you can haul all
the stuff off of him someone's gonna
have to carry it all back to town on a
disk throw it on the desk baby butt
thing we own is pretty much floating
behind us on a Sun several disks that
are yeah every half hour you have to
stop for half an hour to summon three
disks to carry all your [ __ ] and then
walk for half an hour and stop for half
an hour you're going at half speed and
it takes you it was about an hour today
to get all the way back to rock wave
dominate the disc alright eventually you
arrive back at rock wave that night a
little worse for wear a little wet with
rain a little wounded by Griffin's you
make your way into town and you can drop
off the books with captain Don
d'Artagnan who's still hanging out of
one of the taverns on the docks they'll
load up all the stuff and take care of
it and agree to take fifty gold for the
shipment and that'll be fine I guess you
know I'm keeping the three books that I
got by the way a hundred percent okay
yeah please write down those names cuz I
will forget them sure I will yeah thank
you
so are we going back with the books guys
or are we taking are we shipping the
books back to the magic place and going
back to a just send it back with him and
then instructor one how'd I get it there
yeah we should just send it back with
him for now
we should go back to the mountains
tomorrow we can investigate the tomb
that's marked on the map okay so so this
can we work that out quibble like where
we he delivers them to the shot the
spell shop - okay he'll take them to
Cindy
yes cinder how much gold was cinder
offering us did memories I was offering
you to GP per book and you're delivering
347 books it's pretty good 347 times two
is nine 694 gold of which the ship
captain gets fifty but we don't actually
Rican convinced the ship cap does this
you well he probably doesn't have that
much gold nevermind no no the thing is
um we're not gonna get paid until we get
back right so what I was gonna say maybe
the ship captain pays us and then we
just send him back no we don't we don't
want to let him know how much gold were
getting he'd beat that would be change
the whole thing so we what we should do
is we should just have him get a given
the 50 now happened to over the books
and then we could go go back go back for
the payment and whatever my reward is
later mmhmm mm-hmm
cool okay we'll do that
[Music]
so how do I get familiar with my
familiar I'm Reese summoning him to in
the town now that were in town sure why
don't you tell me what why what is it
that you had to learn out of this book
that changes your familiar summoning you
know what so for my entire life I had to
use giant brezza brazzers is that right
that were that were even larger than
gnome sized until I was sitting around
one day and I had this revelation you
know what what if I could just use a
smaller one like is that the third page
of the book is just a smaller browser
it's crazy enough to it's crazy enough
to work and then I tried it and it did
work
[Laughter]
perfect all right you can go buy a small
brazier for like a hundred copper
somewhere let's go add it to your
character sheet it away I don't know
maybe like three pounds probably
actually only weighs one pound but the
awkwardness of it in your backpack is 3
pounds of encumbrance okay that's weird
all right you have a night of rest here
and I take it you're resting in rock
wave not at the Benelli estate it'd be
nice if you spend a night resting in
town expending your hit die and at the
end of the night I want to ask how many
hit dice you each have left when you
zone out day you're done I have none no
yeah I should have for you I'll have
four left
okay and the upper to view you got two
left not I have I have five yeah okay
cool I have some hit day guys you spend
the night here a few more days on our
calendar can we go buy another donkey we
need something to carry oh [ __ ] boys or
maybe Locke maybe you could ask your dad
for a noble steed for us thanks not
going to grant us any steeds I think we
can carry our own stuff for now do we
look like we're a noble family do we
have a list of stuff I remember yeah we
have it yeah I have it all I have it on
me there is a reason why we had the
donkey it was three bedrooms 50 feet of
rope one water skin 21 rations nine
torches
we need a donkey for that the 21 rations
are two pounds each we could carry a lot
more of your [ __ ] on you in - oh you
show some mark off for rations for
today's adventuring am i right to do
this in 2019 but is it possible we could
buy a slave that just kind of like
totally round us and we had that before
I sure players aren't alone no they are
as long as they were captured in war yes
yeah you can but they're hugely
expect their large initial investments
but it can be done
can't we just buy a donkey you could
also buy a donkey
it can carry more but it's dumber slaves
are pretty dumb whoa Jesus
Shepherd boys can't you just continue
I'm saying can we get Dominic he means
slavery is dumb okay we don't right now
we can carry easily carry this between
all of us right right now I don't know I
don't know how much weight has two
pounds each okay okay could you carry
anymore without being encumbered because
you're always [ __ ] incoming you know
we can just be in cover that's fine I
know it is not fine it's half speed why
not just buy a speeding car I would like
to buy I would like to buy a donkey
how many Bob a donkey fire five golden
here how many can we name it Dominic the
second dominum dominated Dominique the
donkey but if we had a slave we could do
all kinds of our pee with it eight gold
for the donkey okay I buy the donkey
sounds man the gnome never gets wonky
yeah we can't buy a slate right because
we can't we didn't capture him in combat
is it only whoever no no they can once
captured in warfare they can then be
bought and sold freely if you don't mind
the morality of owning slaves you can
buy one in town I mean if you guys want
a slave like you can do that I'm not
into slavery captain Barbeau is not a
fan of that you're a [ __ ] pirate no
I'm not a pirate I'm reformed I wouldn't
I would want to own a slave are there a
donkeys fine your animal slave it's the
same thing basics not the same thing how
we eat animals we don't eat meat Gerald
uh jails vegan all right well since
since Locke is enforcing the social
contract I guess we'll get a donkey
you could have higher it a permanent
rita sherpa killed we're conservative
for the rest of his life for money but a
permanent isn't that a slave well I mean
like you could hire a Sherpa who isn't
like a short term contract like you
could have
on going a relationship with one who
follows you around all I can hear ya
like that you could get him for like a
year-long contract or something how much
for a year-long Sherpa so it's like
slavery but it's okay because we pay a
minimum wage it's like college athletics
can we pay it wait can we look for a
young adventure and paying with
experience so why me ot that's called
the squire and you need to be a knight
for that [ __ ] okay I point at large
around for us we have a donkey we're not
gonna hire a slave pure donkey unless
you want to fight for it I mean
technically if Locke get a swaddle
family fight for my noble family I'm
disgraced I would lock will you please
get us a squire it'll be so nice a
squire no I desired a [ __ ] IV you three
think of the role plane shall we just
stick with the donkey yeah
stick with the donkey I agree with
Midori thank you for backing me up on
this 800 popper for the donkey I bought
him okay cool and then you'll need
saddlebags and [ __ ] which throw assume
we head for our last donkey yes take
them with you I guess you took them with
you that's fine okay so you load up the
new donkey Dominique the lady donkey
goodbye cheek sienna tears is there a
gendered term for female donkey don't
get I normally just call the female
version of ass Lilly so has a decent one
oh that was pretty good I'll get the
Duggars in chat for that one
I don't know I'm so sorry
you say in character and say midori no
her name is Midori not Lily who would
Lily even be in character okay with
insults but that one just doesn't make
any sense and it wasn't it actually made
perfect sense it implied that yeah I
think you're in aspects kind of would
you please roll me captain barb oh yeah
2d ten plus two for your donkeys HP can
I roll the hit too well yeah you can one
has 12 HP go ahead and roll me to d1 for
its inte has to intelligence okay look
at those rolls boys I got the max roll
holy [ __ ]
this one's doubling of Dominic twice as
smart yeah alright this is a meme right
he always has two in sy you're all to d1
see I was just making sure you were
following along okay
maybe you're the one you got the two in
actually if you're having him explain
the joke gonna jump onto and get killed
you tried to jump too what do you mean
that I'm just fine all right what are we
done we're adding to the Rose Pete ro
pink ray peak right other cockle options
right so we could we could actually
travel to the place in there what do we
have to do an era Don we don't so we're
wait Aaron oh yeah yeah we're gonna go
to portion because that tome that we
have listed fortune is a potential
marker for something important possible
that will find that Philosopher's Stone
or whatever we need to make use of this
crown there however we also have a tome
tomb that's marked in our book at rock
peak we don't know what could be in
there though the tomb is probably just
random loot and cool [ __ ] though like
that it's not it's a side quest
basically we could do it though do we
want to get horses to like make our
travels quicker or does it not matter so
much more work it would be just asking
your parents horses but you know you
yeah I mean it would be it would be a
pain in the ass to deal with the horses
after that I would just be for trout
town to town town to town travel but
yeah so do you guys want to go
do the tomb first or do you want to do
the go-to fortune I think if we go to
the urgent tomb it's possible that we
find something that increases our
chances of success of fortune that's
sure unfortunate about the to the tomb
you know that it's at rock peak but
without the actual manuscript before you
you don't know we're at rock peak it
would be so there would be a search
around the mountain and maybe having to
climb the mountain or maybe it's in the
hills around it there would be a look
right no no the book was back with Wyatt
looks with her bow but the book also
didn't say exactly where it was right
just that it's at rock peak yeah last
time we had to find a peak the book
might have had a more specific location
but that was a couple months ago and you
haven't seen that page and forever Lily
could use sending to ask Wyatt where it
is can Wyatt send a message reply with
some yeah ends to instantly back yeah
it's in short message 25 words a lustral
creature with which you're familiar the
cat creature hears the message in its
mind recognizes you as the center if it
knows you and can answer and like manner
immediately range unlimited duration
oh [ __ ] Lily can [ __ ] with that one day
yeah Lily can send gnomes to tavington
to if she wants this sounds like a
really abusive spell like you could just
get a bunch of [ __ ] wizards just
constantly cast sending yet someone and
just like interrupts their conversation
and their thought patterns good like can
you just message like the king and so
all the wizards are constantly just like
sending thought messages to people that
don't want them is there no like spam
block is this a big deal to be a wizard
yeah totally yes this is uh yeah wizards
are basically the first internet
marketers Neil Jesus mass marketing
challenge and clerics go so it's so Lily
King I don't have the spell prepare it
or can actually cast it though cuz she
got all of them as part of the third
level domain yep I even told you before
the show that you should pay attention
to this spell this really powerful
damn damn
for the pacification that was like
aggression aggression I don't think I
was passive-aggressive that was just
full-on
can you stop mansplaining Lilly
so basically signing let's end it very
short it isn't every third level spell
isn't your spell us you memorized every
spell you know them all switch it out
every session right spells that's why
I'm confused
yeah your goddess has been giving you
spells directly she's um some of them
you can change out not the ones that are
part of your domain but the other ones
if you want you can rotate out let's see
how do you change your spell list did
you do for example stain you can change
your list of prepared spells when you
finish a long rest so you need a long
rest to change your spell list which is
a week of downtime so we don't have that
quite yet unless you want to chill in
Rockaway for a week wait um so sorry
maybe I just I understand quirks but she
should have every spell known but she
asked but to prepare new ones it's a
short rest isn't it a long rest
oh that's broken I don't know that I
should have said [ __ ] I should have
taken setting [ __ ] I knew I should have
taken it hmm all right so where do you
guys want to go you could go to fortune
you could go check out this nearby tomb
those are the two places that you
already have you've heard that
heatstroke is super [ __ ] sketchy and
there's weird [ __ ] going on and no one
wants to go near it you know that plains
View has been overrun by demons some
months back and Ville has also been
overrun by demons someone's back so was
Rainwood these places no longer really
exist they're ruined and no one's really
traveled through these play and since
then my rock peak yeah if we went to
rock peak we could have the owl Scout
and we could probably find it again the
alt can only go 120 feet away from you
so it can't Scout the whole mountain
without you also traversing the whole
mountain yeah but if it goes up that's
quite a bit that's true you won't have
to climb as high ivote for fortune but
okay Midori where do you want to go yeah
Midori what do you think well don't go
to a dingy cave okay all right excellent
okay so you've rested you're ready you
head out towards Rock Peak yes yeah so
Koivu yes next level can I take sending
trade it to all of the wizards in your
campaign and then essentially end your
world as they send messages to everybody
yes I a cleric in one of my other
campaigns used a messenger spell which
is basically the same thing such like a
little bird will come and and send a
message and created a network of druids
who use this new thing called Twitter
where birds come and tweet at you to
send their messages back and forth
that's amazing frustrating alright so
rock peak it is someone wanted to fill
me a line of how you get there or are
you just like straight be lining it um I
mean I imagine we'd probably take the
road to Clydesdale and then head
Northwest and then enter from the east
like that that's not beeline and
honestly I don't want to travel through
the mountains I would take like twice as
long at least wouldn't it yep it's about
the same it's about the same yeah
alright along the road to Clydesdale and
then due east straight to rock Pete
let's go it is a two-day journey to
Clydesdale I'll take the food off mm-hmm
yeah it should be eight and then it'll
be a day to the mountain
do we get to hit that back yes and then
you will arrive at the base of the
mountain on Friday the 30th of November
1510 excellent ok the hills around here
are fairly bare in the heat is
oppressive the terrain is rough the
vegetation is minimal soundtrack going
on here most of the vegetation is
low-lying chaparral if you live in
Southern California you know exactly
what I'm talking about just look at the
mountains there's not much in the way of
line of sight blockers so give me a
perception check so you see what is
around you and if there's anything
dangerous change job loss son does not
have any monsters in it rock goes blind
you spot a rock like the bird rock
taking off from the top of the mountain
it bypasses you and heads to the West's
for a while until you lose sight of it
and then a few moments later you see
scaling up the side of the mountain
a giant maybe 25 feet tall stocky bulky
climbing hand over hand up the side of
the mountain I'll point to it and tell
me party hey there's a big there's a big
guy
for us climbing up the mountain do you
guys see him what does it look like a
big giant there's a large mountain meant
to be fought before or something
different maybe he'll lead us to the
entrance to the tomb maybe we should
follow him follow the giant unless you
have a better idea
sorry tyrants hard time that's a spirit
oh that big thanks it's a big guy for
you you could tell how big he is because
of the way he is I'm just yeah the
bigger man does he wear a mask Neal I'm
showing you what he looks like
yeah that's really a batman joke but it
felt so flat on its face it was actually
interesting i'm cringing so much Batman
oh my god okay do you want to can we
follow the giant sure you guys can catch
up to the base of the mountain where you
saw it took off from and with these
wonderful perception checks you can see
in this Canyon there is a small there's
a large cave at the base of the
mountains with footprints going in and
out and a little bit of smoke beginning
to trickle out of the mountain out of
the cave it's from here that the
mountain giant climbed up but this looks
like maybe the home of multiple mountain
giants I think this mountain jen is
going to get some eggs for breakfast
maybe if we hide in we can kill them via
a sneak attack well we don't know how
many more living inside the cave are you
really worried about Mountain Giants log
if you want to go first Barbara we'll
follow you yeah I can go first you want
to sneak in using your prowess as a
druid or as a as a rogue and you can
tell us if you find any more inside and
then we'll follow yeah I can sneak in
okay
well wait outside and we'll wait for the
signal midori if it's it's time to go
it's time to go it's my time Midori it's
my time but how can we be sure that this
cave is the actual tomb that we don't
know if it's a tone but at the very
least we're gonna have to clear these
giants out if we're gonna make any
progress okay yeah mm-hmm all right
stealth check give me your stealth check
it's fine it's fine don't even sweat it
all right 12 yeah yeah uh-oh that's what
I rolled yeah I'm just checking a few
things here and there
sweet so how far back to the rest of you
guys want to be you were maybe a
thousand six hundred feet when you
spotted the cave what does the cave
entrance look like is there like an
obvious tree line or something well you
said there wasn't very much in the way
of sugar no real cover like your cruddy
this cave and you can maybe lay down on
the hill to watch yeah how far away six
hundred feet okay sounds good all right
so in goes captain Barbeau sneaky so
that was a stellar to get to the cave
now I get to roll the stealth in the
cave right hold on you're not there yet
you're gonna hover yeah upper you're
getting closer you can see that you're
going across a dried-out creek bed
well maybe riverbed and as you get about
maybe 80 feet from the cave and you're
getting pretty close to it how steps and
stretches a rather large female giant
can I use a mic cutting action to tide
mm-hmm totally
you you dive behind some cover she looks
around lazily picks up a stone and hurls
it your way bowling ball style what she
saw me oh yeah their passive perception
totally beats yourself scribe from
second addition give me just a moment
here captain Barbeau you want to tell me
your final words before this happens I'd
like to say I'm very acrobatic Neil and
I'm gonna dodge out of your bulldoze
range no matter what you roll can I talk
to Boulder down I deceive it give me
your deception check for the boulder
now can I give you a curb adage the
Giants gonna make an attack roll against
you is usually how attacks work this
will wait what do you want I want
nothing from you I just want you to kill
time while I create a mountain giant
snap-loc because it's not a fighting
creature Mighty One Mini's advantage to
talk the boulder down ya see vit that
I'm really a mountain giant give me your
best deception how do you do that what
if Jarrell would have enlarged him and
said it's probably not excuse me mr.
Boulder I have indeed a mountain giant
your friend who climbed up to the top it
is I I just was tricked by a wizard
that's almost good enough man almost and
I need two mountain
[Music]
this should be that die sighs all right
so we said your 80 feet away I'd say
like 90 if the bolt is the boulder like
absolutely huge yeah I mean it's a big
[ __ ] rock crazy levitate him above it
600 feet away is your yeah can you reach
him and you cast a spell 520 feet I
would like to think that this time in my
dire need and worry for Barbeau that I
can extend the 60-foot range of
levitated by six times just the old not
enough to make it unfortunately wait I'm
a Super Saiyan can I just like teleport
oh well it has disadvantage because the
range of a rock is usually only 60 feet
so disadvantage on this attack role
against you're a c-17 to hit it does hit
actually all right so the boulder comes
tumbling end over end and like crunches
on to you like across your legs as the
giant casually meanders in your
direction a sort of half speed
I'll take 11 points of damage think this
is where we're gonna end for the night
when we come back next week we will see
what happens
- captain barb oh god how many more
members of the barber family are there
the barber clan is really big in the
world they're actually there's thousands
of them I would like to say that we the
whole island of well you guys don't know
about it yet I won't spoil new character
just in case for next week we own the
Barbados and I I already have a
character role okay and we got a lot of
big animals today woof are we feeling
level 6 yet oh it's gonna get really
hard for
here just do you yeah be inclined stuff
yeah uh so that's it for gnomes Tom's
and catacombs this week I hope all you
viewers had a good time anyone have
anything interesting they want to talk
about before we close out please do not
know you do
wait me yeah you've got so much
interesting going on
um actually yeah I do I'm gonna be
having a live debate with a Jesse Lee
Petersen and about nine days where he's
gonna moderate the debate with another
guy over gun control that's gonna be
real exciting but I'll have a more
relevant closer that's the most exciting
thing I can think of right uh so to say
America Lee what side are you I'm no I
don't really have a very strong position
I generally fall lighter on the side of
like we probably need to [ __ ] do
something in the United States because
over 30,000 people here died of gun
violence whether self like they're not
so it's probably something you said you
were gonna take a firm position though
right I'm going to but I need to do like
a [ __ ] ton of research of the next few
days to find gene yeah okay so you you
don't know if you're going to be pro or
against well basically I know that I
[ __ ] hate gun violence in the US I
notice that unacceptable levels but I
don't know what the prescription is like
how do we fix it that's the thing I'm
not sure that's what I'll shut the [ __ ]
up wait a minute
okay what else who else is doing stuff
Lily what do you know what Devon what
you up to well um I still stream every
day from 9:00 a.m. to whenever I start
my nerd fusion work
I am currently playing Kingdom Hearts 3
and the new subnautica expansion also um
I've got a rhyme for you guys so hey
everybody it's my Alexia and I hope you
enjoyed the show
next up is twitch TV slash my Lexia and
the place to go I'm running the post
talk show for our DND travels so come by
my channel see what's next to unravel
alright and then mr. Mouton if you don't
want me to die give me your twitter and
twitch.tv so I should have my mo you too
and if I don't get 10 twitch friends I'm
killing my in-game character
okay and then last but not least Neil
anything else yeah if you want to see
Captain Barbara die come and give me
your twitch prime tenth which primes and
Captain Barbara's
yeah there you go okay
Lily I got a special thing have you ever
seen this before you want to see some
cool ass [ __ ] are you ready I'm not
gonna I'm not actually in a bait you
okay this is the nicest I've ever been I
only share this with one other person
apart okay you ready okay okay all right
if you have a twitch prime sub you can
subtly Picchu watch when you snap for
him
they sub I'm actually oh wait a second
no I'm sad for it okay have you got it
look at it sub - Lily Pichu they'll come
okay very little ease we'll see we'll
see whatever you guys we should make a
poll to see what people want
hey hey hey Cho Cho Cho Cho that's
enough sorry go ahead
oh no I'm sorry I just went cuz too many
people work something and I need them on
my channel oh yeah Oh for a pool oh I'm
pretty sure like most people enjoy it
[Music]
okay I was kind of hoping that wouldn't
work but okay oh yeah I think um oh so
we were gonna have a tweet oh I don't
know we do it publicly or privately but
like the difference Queen host you know
your channel of mine is that you feel
it's like that adds like a lot more so
you know you cut off white Oh Lily being
able to draw or whatever on stream seems
like it adds more to the presentation
yeah that's really cool you can't like I
can't screen share with you separately
and you can separately window capture on
your stream or anything like that no
just do it just just to throw in the CMO
of
twitch marketing companies opinion you
could also all stream for which overall
mutual exposure and somebody consider
but I think it's probably better just
have it on one channel both
good I don't create ya what I'm gonna do
okay um yeah that's all I got can we
take us out Neal
wait did Lily actually do a final shout
out sorry oh okay all right
stay tuned to Twitter to be / Lily
Picchu so you guys around you know dude
you sure and I'll see you guys for the
post show also all right thanks
everybody
right
