before I suppose did you like it um I I
kind of liked it and I kind of hated it
I think that this movie was I think I'm
sad to spend another movie before but I
think that this movie okay so this I
don't know what I'm gonna start spoiling
but like I think that this movie was
really really close to being really
really really really really good where
do we start
okay so like here okay so here's like a
spoiler thing okay here's a spoiler
thing don't spoil it right now wait okay
here's here's like a mini spoil I won't
be ultra spoiler but here's like a mini
spoiler okay everything relating to his
girlfriend shouldn't have been in the
movie I don't think all of that should
have been not in the movie huge waste of
time such a waste of time I'm assuming
you saw one of the twists coming yeah
and it's not even about it like being a
good or bad twister it was just a waste
of time I didn't see like the purpose in
it have you seen taxi driver and did you
like it
I've heard this movie is basically taxi
driver um I think I read that too but I
haven't seen tax-favored so I can't say
one thing that I kind of liked about the
movie that it seemed like they were
going for is it it seemed and I feel
like they could have liked hamed this up
more was the idea that like everybody is
kind of like the Joker and that God was
the point but I feel like they could
have honed in on that like way way way
more and it would have sent like a more
powerful message to the movie I think
especially when he's talking to the one
lady about his depression and everything
I thought that um I thought that I
thought that the movie was gonna play
way more into that idea that like the
Joker kind of like represents everybody
or at least like kind of like the modern
day like depressed person or whatever
but I thought the performance by the
main actor was really really good I
think that that's like a standout
 holy I like the movie
itself like the whole movie I don't know
I maybe give like a 7 out of 10 I
thought well I thought the movie was
pretty good there's a couple issues
maybe an 8 out of 10 but the main actor
was so good oh my god he was so good I
know his name I just not her Brown said
gee Quinn jokin jackman Joker
I'd heard Brad's name but his
performance was outstanding holy
jaqen Joaquin Oh Joaquin
oh there you go okay hey I have no idea
Prince's name I've only seen it the
timeline is a little bit weird though
because I I don't know what how old this
joker is supposed to look if he's
supposed to look like he's in his 40s
but have a Batman is split kid when I
mean that by the time the Batman grows
up he's like 80 years old
it's an else world story unrelated to
the main continuity okay the reason I
thought I 1010 for me was simply because
what came was a little too old maybe I
mean like I think it's a standalone
movie I think the movie works like
pretty well I just wish they would have
honed in more on the idea of like the
Joker guy like could have been anybody
so like for instance like here's like I
don't know like how much how
dramatically it would have to be
reworked for all of us to work but like
for instance like figuring out that um
okay so he was like this is a pretty big
spoiler for the movie for well maybe not
for a long time
The Joker guy thinks that he has
somebody else is his real father and it
later turns out that that's not
necessarily true that could have been
like re incorporated into the movie in
better ways I don't know to make it feel
like you know like all of us think we're
special or all of us think we're you
know these cool people all of us think
that we're supposed to bring happiness
and smiles to the world but in reality
you know sometimes it's just a normal
boring ordinary and your life
sucks like I feel like they could have
like worked in because there were times
where like they it feels like there were
times where they made references to like
the joke of being like that kind of a
person is supposed to represent all of
us but then but then it feels like
there's a lot of times where they don't
I don't know that's like the only that's
the only thing I would've liked and out
more but yeah I don't know the message
doesn't hit as hard if it's given you so
easily first of all I don't know if
that's necessarily true but secondly I
think that it I don't think that that
primary message is like so subtle
throughout the film I don't know I think
they could have planned on it more he's
far more messed up than the average
depressed person I mean you say that but
there are so many references in the
movie that's supposed to make him it
feels like he's supposed to sound like
an everyman so for instance like so more
spoilers like three people are killed
throughout the movie and it's supposed
to be a really big deal to everybody but
then like he references okay well if I
was killed nobody would care about me
you guys would like walk over my
right I mean this kind of represents
like the the average person right like
white-collar crimes and everything
aren't taking a seriously normal people
get reflected by the system a lot it
seems like in general it's got like this
aunty I don't know if I'd say anti
capitalism it this like populist rift to
it where like everybody is like
protesting the streets and they're mad
because I feel like rich people have
 over everybody else bla bla bla
so I mean like I think that that theme
like definitely like is in the film do
you think any of the last kind of movies
in his head as well it's oh yeah they
even called like the Wayne family like
fascists and stuff yeah all it takes is
oh wait do you think any part of the
last part of movies in his head is
possibly the entire movie was in his
head right I think that that's the type
of movie it is you can't really know I
couldn't tell that maybe this is just my
white person racism was the black lady
at the very end in the minute more
spoilers what does a black lady the very
end in the mental hospital was that the
same lady as who is social worker was or
am I just can I just not see faces no
okay no but I thought the same thing huh
okay I thought the same thing to be
honest I don't think the average person
is someone who literally has no friends
has severe trauma I grew up without a
father is piss-poor can't hold down a
job and is disabled well that's not
supposed to be like wait what is that
is that what you think in order to
relate to the main characters struggles
you have to have like every single
quality that this person has to have
like I think like it like a general
overview like in the broadest in the
broadest most general sense of the word
the main character is somebody that
feels like they don't fit in right
that's something that a lot of people
can relate to the Joker is a character
that feels like he can't fit in and then
he's like pushed to his broking point
and then takes it out on society right
that's like you don't have to match like
every single characteristic no you just
said that anyone could be the Joker but
he's literally the trash of society I
don't know even my trash of society but
the point of the Joker was that was that
he did what he did not just because of
society but because it was a psychopath
he's supposed to be a villain you can't
make him like some ordinary man I
totally disagree with that am I wrong
I feel like my strongest argument big
spoiler coming up I feel like my
strongest argument against that would be
in that one scene where there's like the
 dude and then the big guy that
gave him the gun when he killed the big
guy but he let the dude like walk
away like I don't think the Joker's
supposed to be like a psychopath like
everybody he kills I think is like
pretty purposeful what does he kill like
five people I think he kills three
people in the subway that were
with him first he shoots the one host
and the reason why he kills the host cuz
as a host like making fun of him like oh
well you just brought me here to make
fun of me and laugh at me right and then
he kills the one dude bytes dubbing in
the eye I don't know if they're more
than that the huge dude whatever he says
in general not in this specific movie
he's objecting to the movie oh the point
of the joke is that everybody is one bad
day away from becoming him Batman is
like the jerk rip takes the good route
from his tragedy oh yeah I think the
Joker says that who does the Joker
say that - I had a really bad day I
think he says that to his imaginary
girlfriend when he's in her apartment I
still don't know what the point of that
guy that I think that should have been
all of that ship in left of the movie I
think it was a really bad decision the
whole imaginary the whole imaginary
girlfriend thing was just I don't know I
don't think there's any point in that it
was oh god I felt so out of place in the
movie I felt so dumb at what point did
you know she was fake um it's hard for
me to say because I read all the
spoilers before I actually watched the
movie because there were script leaks a
long time ago so I mean I always knew in
terms of like when I when I would have
figured it out in the movie um not sure
it's I don't know if I would have ever
organically figured it out because she
doesn't really do much in the movie like
she she's always like in a background
like never she's not even important I
don't know it's like so weird I don't
know why she was in the movie at all it
was so strange I didn't understand that
at all I never talked with her outside
I'll bet goes a new permanent cousin
yeah I mean like all of that was like
pretty but it could just be that could
just be a movie trope where like the
crazy depressed guy like somehow always
gets like a unattractive girlfriend
really feels like they invested in her
whole artistic emminster he hid
delusions yeah but I'm it was clear that
he was delusional otherwise like I don't
know the girls had to point out the drug
it was only mad at Society but it was
mentally okay I mean there are
other ways to demonstrate that I think
he came across as pretty mentally
I don't know if this is supposed to be
open-ended or if I just didn't
understand it but here a big spoiler is
there supposed to be a chance that the
Joker actually in this movie that the
Joker actually was the son of Thomas
Wayne or because I could seem like there
could have been like a way more
insidious like subplot the idea that
like Thomas Wayne like framed the mom
almost and made her feel crazy by guests
letting or saying there's no way that
son is mine blah blah blah blah blah and
she goes to mental like all of that
or something that like when he would
have had to like fake the adoption photo
paperwork and all of that or some crazy
stuff I don't know if he was supposed to
read into some crazy sub like that
or if you or if just the photo is
supposed to be like a fake from the
grandma or from the mom it's just a fake
from the mom and she like wrote that
herself or something I'm not sure
because like because the adoption stuff
theoretically could have been faked
because there was the the part where the
the mom said oh you know Wayne made me
sign a whole bunch of stuff like he
could to fake maybe I don't know
I'm not sure how much she's supposed to
read into that the girlfriend was a
joker trying to conform to society's
expectations society programs everyone
to believe the path evidence jabra in
our childhood said i become the trigger
is about breaking freestyle explained
okay did your three whatever mental PSA
before the movie played i don't know we
like just got in just as it started I
don't usually like yeah I don't get I
wait like 10 minutes to go in and wink
did you get shot while at the movie I
don't think so
sounds like we've identified that the
universe itself or what we perceive to
be the universe is not fundamental
