my dudes what's up welcome to episode 9
of the DT podcast joined by my wonderful
guest trihex here how are you doing
hello everyone
oh I cut you off right there [ __ ] cut
me off I'm not in the mood today I'm not
in the mood for this [ __ ] today wait
your goddamned turn use the button
system we developed whoa are you on the
website are you in the button website
okay first of all sir it's almost
February so if I were you I'd calm the
[ __ ] down right now cuz I'm not to have
my end and I'm gonna first I'm gonna do
it's an executive order here to extend
February to being like half the year
like straight up I'm gonna like reduce
like March April and June to like three
days long eat just [ __ ] make February
half the year but what's up with
February what's to deal with February
it's my [ __ ] month Black History
Month [ __ ] I knew that no no this is
what you do is a good host you ask the
other guy host a question and then I let
you elaborate I pretend to not know it's
chemistry you're right it's chemistry
yeah yeah well you kind of blow me up
like that cheese you think you actually
thought that I forget mayhem so anyway
how have you been doing this week
catching up
yeah I've been dude it's crazy cuz I
feel like normally this time of year
things would slow down a little bit like
it would be like you know this is when
the things kind of drag until things
pick up around April for the summer
season or like [ __ ] to happen but I feel
like things have not slowed down at all
I feel like it's already another podcast
day already like it's just flying by I
love it's the crazy like this gaming
schedule what's coming out or the gaming
release schedule we're like just like
like there's so much [ __ ] this happens
now between November and December with
game releases that now like you have
like the post holidays like
shitstorm of like games coming up
between like January and March that
missed the lucrative December release
window I know this is crazy right now
for me what kind of games
tell me what kind of games are coming
out the yard like looking forward to in
the past odd or like what's like what's
been I have what's been released
recently that you've been like do you
play besides like Mario maker stuff like
I've been playing three games some
screamer
yeah yeah so well okay so you have kena
march 3 coming out January 28th so so
for that been prepping that by playing
yeah you were I'm Brett ran through the
playing of the series now I'm trying to
get caught up for it for the the
complicated story it's involve the King
of Hearts so I can be you know a cage
floor fanboy and be into the game that
comes out and into January
uh-huh we have resin evil 2 HD coming
out from Capcom if you played a you
played Resident Evil 7 or biohazard 7
when that came out in January 2017 it
was it was awesome because it was like a
to me was like one of the best games
I've ever seen in terms of its use of in
VR so playing a resonable 7 in VR was
quite an experience I literally had
nightmares playing that game how much
how much how far you got through Kingdom
Hearts 2 I am about about 15 hours in so
far I just beat the parts the Caribbean
world which was kind of funny because I
didn't get all the references because uh
I had never I have not yet watched the
Pirates of Caribbean movies but now I
kind of want to that I played through
that world so you haven't watched any
dude there's no thing the way if I'm
gonna if I want to trigger you I can
just tell you everything that's like of
like pibil wrong with you everything I
have not yet watched yeah I mean I
haven't I have a cube that girls like
there's a big like you know one day I'm
gonna watch all these things here but
you know do you want me to go down a
road no that's okay there's a lot of
[ __ ] I haven't seen either so we could
go back and forth oh that's okay okay I
haven't seen the lower Rings films oh my
god okay now I really want to do this
hair man damn what else well I mean to
be fair on the loader is that yo it's
like everyone's telling me oh man oh
don't be don't be a [ __ ] [ __ ] don't
be a cache you're gonna watch all the
extended cuts I'm like man do I really
have like I don't know what was that
like nine and a half hours to blow
through all three DS films dude one [ __ ]
of sitting damn all right well there's
all my to do this [ __ ] I'm not I'm
gonna get to it I am what else what
other big what other what else what what
else how we not seeing any Lord of the
Rings movies what else what other crazy
[ __ ] I guess we haven't seen the Pirates
really it's also gaming too haven't
liked em playing Mass effects I haven't
played a
we think here what's the other one I
haven't played any Bethesda game ever so
I don't even able to like really meme on
you know the bugs that are that are the
bugs that existed morrowind that are
still valid in Skyrim potentially every
scene like the matrix you've seen like
that [ __ ] right no I have not seen the
matrix in full oh I plan to that I plan
to though [ __ ] dude a lot of movies I
thought we went to that episode where we
learn about each other I feel like I
don't know you at all whoa whoa oh man
that wasn't my obspec dude matrix one
came out in 99 I was like 10 years old
damn like I didn't people when I wasn't
enough for the matrix Wow alright you
were talking about Resident Evil so I
remember that for some of the Resident
Evil's this is very nitpicky with the
was Resident Evil 2 one of the ones
where this was I don't know if you guys
remember this but back in the Wild West
days we hadn't like standardized video
game controller movements on how
characters moved like was this the one
where one joystick made you like move
like in circles and the other joystick
moved you forward and backwards do you
know what I'm talking about
yeah mmm no Resident Evil was like was
known for the the static camera and you
had to like you had to like figure out
the POV of the character and move in
accordance to where the camera was from
the character that makes sense that's
like train controls apparently people
are saying guys sorry good yeah yeah so
if I recall correctly and uh way about
my mind my credits linear yeah so yeah
uh take controls from the early game
yeah it was it was crazy because uh if I
recall correctly the whole idea of an
analog stick on a controller didn't
really didn't happen until least for
PlayStation right it wasn't right away
like the PlayStation 1 launched with
like note with like a the initial form
of the DualShock controller didn't have
analog sticks correct those were added
after the faculty action to what
Nintendo did in six before whether even
uh were there ever first-party sony
playstation 1 analog controllers were
they there were but it came out of it
came out quite a bit after the ps1
launch so there was like a um I I want
to say at least it was least one year
there was like one year of games that
came out
have control stick support I remember
because of ape escape of that game that
game came out and I was like the the
iconic like killer app that show that
demonstrated the power of having control
stick analog stick controls which cam
again would you say ape escape ape
escape oh yeah it's some some like it's
like a very simple game you run around
and you use like the left stick to move
around and the right stick to actually
like deploy your your your monkey
capturing a net tool or whatever okay
and you would rotate the right stick in
any direction that way you could
immediately like you know like move
around you could just like rotate that
bad a bat that little the net or the
baton in any direction you wanted to
gosh yeah I know it sounds really basic
now as I'm trying make it look
appreciate what that what that meant
back then but no I mean I remember
playing I think the first game I played
with the with with the actual joysticks
the analog sticks was a medically solid
yeah okay and that felt really good
being able to like move the stick around
and I kind of run snake around in
corridors and [ __ ] and then I liked
those games because I don't think even
though were solid one I don't think
those were tank controls I think when
you move the joystick it moved it ran in
that direction
I'm pretty sure yeah that's pretty cool
actually you know what's funny about
this I remember one one really liked
unorthodox accessory so prior to the
Dual Shock controller were the two
analog sticks on the ps1 that had no it
also added Rumble had it built it's kind
of like a copy Nintendo but what the
[ __ ] independent batteries to I think
you had to load into those didn't you
for the n64 yes
but know what's funny here is before
Sony had launched that uh that built-in
Rumble modified controller I remember
there being an accessory at an EB Games
in like 1995-96 year it was like a
little you would it was a velcro wrist
strap that would go to your wrist and it
would plug into the memory card slot of
like the secondary memory card slot of
your ps1 and it would Rumble it would
Rumble there like it retro actively gave
you Rumble on your on your wrist because
if you didn't if you couldn't afford new
controller it was like she's like the
tire on your dick or some [ __ ] I've
never heard of this before my entire
life what the fire yeah I mean sure I
don't nothing stopping you let's go
ahead and do that okay I'll look into it
a picture of it for you it was
this is like [ __ ] dumb dude just
bought a controller so we have okay so
Kingdom Hearts 3 that's gonna be a huge
release it will be Resident Evil 2 I was
able to HD yeah the the remake here
being being remade of the same graphic
fidelity as resin evil 7 which was
beautiful so there's also a demo right
now see if you want to check out you can
okay so it's looking really really good
so you have the a VAT that comes out
actually the same week as Kingdom Hearts
3 so you guys like you got gaming
overload right there Oh got the Warcraft
3 remaster should is coming up soon
right oh yeah yeah what date is that
actually I don't know I'm just reading
some [ __ ] off shot I don't give a [ __ ]
about that that what I do give a [ __ ]
about though is the Last of Us - holy
[ __ ] you know in the release date of
that game is did you play the first one
I'll make me have D failure actually we
don't have a I know that not that's like
ninety dogs like bread and butter right
now but I don't think we have a date for
that we're gonna find that out [ __ ]
at the next PlayStation even I would
imagine it's been three or four years
since the first the Last of Us yeah it's
been it's been quite a long time yeah
Naughty Dog is notorious for being a one
game at a time developer despite how
massive their clout is at this point and
at this where I think about the point
now we're like it's gonna probably be
the ps4 swan song like it's a you know
they they I mean they got carried pretty
hard here with just God of War and
spider-man on as far as exclusives goes
for 2018 so um yeah there I don't know
that playing between 19 but if you want
me to derail that briefly here we
already do know now that Sony is very
notably here sitting out of III 2019
so with indication here that is probably
gonna be either um they either gonna
like bump up the PlayStation experience
their own private Expo where they
announce all things PlayStation they're
either gonna bump out to be like it's a
massive like a clout magnet for for
their own like non competition of
pressed enough to compete against like
whatever the [ __ ] Capcom or or Nintendo
are gonna be announcing at e3 that that
week they're gonna do their own thing at
their own time on their own agenda or
we're gonna get that the you know the
the idea of them confirming at PS 5 SME
coming in or then I like reveal or
announce that it's it's happening and
then give you a date for it this year
like you know 2019 you get a
announcement and reveal the PS 5 or the
next-gen Playstation whatever whatever
you want to call it and then I ideally
would come out in 2020 which way 21 all
right well damn you're killing this this
is the introductions trihex well I had a
Daddy rail to give you an idea of why we
don't know yet about lastly is derailed
so on so many different rails I'm not
even sure which one we're on anymore
dude that's crazy man that's ok I
forgive you
ok so else but I've never ridden I've
never ridden rode never really on train
before it would be I've never rode or I
have not ridden have not ridden I used
to mix up those um it's like past
participle I don't even know there's
name yeah I've heard it used incorrectly
so frequently that I have to like go out
of my way to find out how to actually
say it brought yeah I [ __ ] it up so
much run stream somebody send me an
email I didn't even realize that I'd
been [ __ ] it up and I actually
started to consciously listen to myself
and I realized that I was [ __ ] it up
a lot but but now I now I correct other
people I've risen ok there you go there
you go anyway so you said you've been
playing Kingdom Hearts 2 and then we
listed a whole bunch of other [ __ ]
have you done anything else exciting
this past week so I I uh
I'm active on Instagram again I don't
this on a few I mean I know you're on no
you're you're a big Instagram enthusiast
hold on baby what's your name on
Instagram baby trihex the try x6 letters
a snipe that [ __ ] forever ago and didn't
use it for like six years yeah I posted
a you know me my girlfriend had our
three year anniversary on on the 10th so
that was pretty hot when I look at your
thing it says it says follow back cuz
you're already following me I got you
bud thanks oh yes I'm trying I'm trying
to be more active on it I uh
depressingly enough I didn't even use it
at all in 2018 it's actually terrible so
I'm trying to get back on that now I
asked people what they wanted to see and
I posted a gem pic for the boys and
girls and the reason I bring this up now
is because I realized that I worked out
a little too hard yesterday and I I
pulled my left trap
that [ __ ] [ __ ] hurts right now so
like I pulled my left trap when doing uh
doing a shoulder raises and trap lifts
and now like the entire area near my
left shoulder blade is like super
sensitive and normally saw big deal like
I can power through that but it's really
[ __ ] hard to stay asleep so my sleep
is was terrible last night like I have
to like I wake up mitts feel like like
like almost like spinal cord like nerve
nerve ending things and like no matter
what my on my back or my belly the mass
of my body just somehow triggers the
healing or happening right there it's
like I could feel the [ __ ] not - I'm
just like someone take a bath with some
epsom salt later on tonight and just
like try to recover cuz I should know
it's so [ __ ] annoying right now
amazing I'm sorry I ripped that from
Jessie okay oh no we're gonna talk about
that we're I'm not letting up a hooker
that's definitely a topic when I get -
on your on your turn of introductions
how your morning was how your days been
so far yeah I stayed up unfortunately so
I'm a little tired now I stayed up
through the night because I had a debate
with Jesse Lee Peterson this morning my
day I went to the studio and I just
basically for an hour this guy just
asking ridiculous questions I don't even
know like it's there's like levels of
like a person can be like really dumb
and frustrating and then they can be
dumb and frustrating in such a way that
it's actually funny it's like the no
[ __ ] but then there's people that
are dumb and frustrating and they're
just not even funny and they're just
like stupid likes like Tonka trucks but
then there are people that go like even
the next level beyond and they bring it
back and it's like that's where this guy
is um I feel like Jesse Lee Peterson is
he's probably legitimately like
brain-damaged like I think there's
something mentally wrong with him like
on ironically and um you think so I
think it's like a it's like a I want to
say how are you are autistic in a
negative sense here but it seems like
it's like an autistic esque obsession
with like Christianity or something like
that it's just like maybe yeah I don't
know I don't think he realizes anything
that he does and he's totally the same
off-camera as he is on camera like it's
just like super [ __ ] bizarre like I
don't know yeah yeah I may be a de cerdo
diagnosed sorry good try I think I
really intro who Jesse Lee Peterson is
I have this guy here this is a guy by
the way y'all just to give you a quick
little blurb this is a guy who not only
thinks that modern racism ah he's a
black he's a black guy a guy who thinks
that modern racism is like is doesn't it
doesn't occur well it's already been
solved but that racism never existed
yeah that was hard to do with uh I was
thinking admitted with them I figured
his name Gavin McInnes says name
oh that like the white national yeah
they had at the proud boys they had an
intellectual discussion quote-unquote at
some point and I I caught a blurp of it
he said that on camera I was like oh
never even you made you made Gavin
second take on that comment damn so yeah
that that's the kind of level of guy
we're talking about right here so um so
beta beta male I'm a beta male question
mark question mark destiny here well on
his podcast and burrito that's what he
would say randomly even when even when
the commercials were rolling and you
guys weren't seeing anything he would
just be sitting over me and he would
just out of nowhere be like beta like
Budo like you just say like randomly I'm
just like what though fighting you know
you know he's just like talking himself
he's like in his own world I don't think
this thing ever home you know yeah he's
like oh I had a lot of fun are you
having fun Steven Oh like he's like
laughs and he's just like he's a good
kid he's like in his own little world
it's insane hmm I wish you I wish you
were recording like like Loki just like
just a pic just take the phone hit the
record button just give me the
microphone Loki damn yeah that guy's
something else
mm-hmm okay are you ready to hop into
these goddamn topics weird I am but I
will make sure here are you do you feel
like you have enough brain cell capacity
to go through talkin I feel like you
feel like your brain is kind of like
fried my brain is 150 percent constantly
it's always firing on all four cylinders
okay
mmm only a four cylinder huh hey four
bangers are respectable my little focus
is a four banger great chill out calm
down there dawg damn sorry bro round
here I [ __ ] with American muscle betta
obviously you would drop a four cylinder
[ __ ] Danny
in five more years when whatever
American car company you're driving the
carb doesn't exist anymore I'll be sure
to keep all right okay
hopping in to topic number one we have a
big request to be very strict and how we
go in and out of each topic I know how
much you guys love that so here we go
topic number one and Gili yet
advertisement all right
ban the razors for the sensitive man the
2019 the thinking man did you watch this
ad I did watch this ad
however notably I watched the ad on on
Twitter first and then I then like much
later I saw the ad when it's uploaded to
YouTube and I saw the the the reaction
on YouTube that dislikes the comments to
tens of thousands of comments I was like
wow this is a [ __ ] show right here yeah
damn I mean like it's it's [ __ ] Oh
people were saying it's pronounced July
I'm sorry people are real [ __ ] mad
about telling guys not to like let
people will bully each other and ragas
rape people and [ __ ] I don't really know
what the [ __ ] the big deal is holy [ __ ]
I like I watched it and like yeah I
don't know what do you I mean you said
you watched it all I mean it I don't
even think it necessarily I see ads like
this sometimes it sometimes are really
cringey and I was like oh this one it
seemed okay like yeah yeah in the era of
the me to movement people need to right
the men could definitely rise up and do
a better job and call out whenever you
see things like cat calling or any any
kind of general just like the
overcompensate word here but share toxic
masculinity yeah
do better I don't see a uh I don't see
what the big the big problem here would
be I mean more so than any other any
other company
Johnny any relevant and uh in the modern
political climate of advocating for
better people yeah I mean like did you
see Joe Rogan's people are talking with
during section I didn't watch anyone
else's to it I watched vegan gains do
you know that guy I I've heard of this
name before he's a little bit out there
right yeah a little bit he's very
passionate about veganism and then
varied a certain way about other things
like I don't know man I just like Pete
conservatives always do like the
snowflake [ __ ] and I
feel like they get mad over the dumbest
[ __ ] [ __ ] and it's like I mean like
if you want to be mad because it's like
political or whatever
no actually I'm sorry [ __ ] I shouldn't
reach out I'm getting influenced people
like oh it's political that's not why
people are mad people are just real
[ __ ] mad because anything having to
do with the media movement it just
pisses people off so [ __ ] much you
know companies try to market [ __ ]
morality and [ __ ] to us all the [ __ ]
time and people look at cute commercials
and like oh this is a good commercial
all I like blah blah blah blah blah you
know people like um [ __ ] I don't want to
say because people gonna provide history
and I may be like [ __ ] advertisers
have always done this [ __ ] know whether
whether you think ads should or
shouldn't market you know some sort of
moral messaging or whatever's that's
that's a valid discussion but like man
people are so mad about so much dumb
[ __ ] about this [ __ ] ad it's amazing
it's amazing yeah I saw a lot of
cherry-picking in the and those I
shouldn't use a youtube comment was like
the counter-argument against uh for
those who like her really really
triggered by it but what I saw was Adam
just like yeah they were mad that there
was no there was no black black males
being depicted here this is my favorite
[ __ ] things that [ __ ]
conservatives do right you look at Trump
and you look at like [ __ ] you know
like the people that he surrounds
himself with like mana for it I mean
okay he was a little part of his [ __ ]
campaign for a little bit or you know
all these people that are getting [ __ ]
like Cohen and if I can you know Rick
Gates and all these people it's like
whatever do they're neither big then you
look at like Obama I feel like okay one
time Obama was in the same room it's
Bill Ayers and if you go back and Bill
Ayers passed he was connected it's like
dude holy [ __ ] you're like going so
[ __ ] hard on this [ __ ] like what the
[ __ ] is like you're digging so hard
because you hate this guy like damn and
conservatives do the same [ __ ] like when
we're watching video isn't like well
actually I calculated and for 87 percent
of the screen time there was forty seven
percent of the black people on the
screen we're doing good things and 22%
of the white was like dude damn I'm like
amen like you're really paying attention
of the color people's skins know when it
comes to who's being shown in a good and
bad way like did you do that for the 500
million other things where it was like
all white man that we're doing well like
we were speaking of Lord of the Rings
earlier or game I felt like oh yeah I
don't know god no yeah yeah the the just
in general yeah there was reach I don't
think I was even the valley
but uh oh my god I'm trying to thank you
what else like well some what else I saw
you know yet people who were like trying
to flush their Gillette razors I'm sorry
how you pronounce again um gala no way
it's spinach he sounds right it's G yet
gieta G yet the hit okay alright yeah
yeah go ahead they're flushing their
raise was down the toilet air they were
trying to and it was like a really
really stupid tweet it was actually
reminded me of the parallels between
like whenever Kaepernick's I'm with Nike
and like you had the the triggered
people were just like people were nomads
I wish they would have left their shoes
on before they set him on fire oh my god
yeah the guy you like threw his like
Gillette razor in the in the toilet took
a picture and was like sorry I'm going
over to Dollar Shave Club and it's just
like so when you're dumped that tweety
are you gonna reach in that toilet and
grab that razor cuz my god and Dollar
Shave Club capitalized on I actually had
an email offer two days ago to do a
campaign for them and I actually [ __ ]
turned it down because about [ __ ]
here it said Oh his dealership club
jumped on the the Gillette hate train I
mean the get the sorry if I I'm singing
wrong to us our my Italian is really
rusty it's okay yeah but that was
Chekhov actually jumped on the they
jumped on the hate train and it was like
damn what the [ __ ] whatever mmhmm yeah
yeah people I don't know it's like gonna
be a better person and I guess they're
mad because it becomes political but I
feel like they're also mad because it's
like do you feel targeted by that do you
feel like you're um you are the people
who are like a posting the ads like do
you feel like you're the person who does
the cat calling and all that yeah I try
not to act rapey in general dude I have
this conversation with my chat and like
I remember like I brought up like we're
listening to the to the Trump thing
because the Trump [ __ ] is like a really
good example of like you know like you
know I just [ __ ] make a move on this
[ __ ] I just grabbed by the [ __ ] and
they let you do it and everything and
this man wait
I'm sarcasm yeah in this game it's just
like oh come on like don't you talk
about that with all your guy friends and
it's like no like I mean like I give you
me like call people ugly and [ __ ] but I
don't talk about like trying like rape
people or I like rapey towards girls and
[ __ ] like damn dude no I did I'd you
know I try to do that it can it be rapey
I think that right I don't brag about
skipping consent and to like yeah I mean
it's it's like an indefensible thing
right like do that that quotes going to
like thrown out in like historian
handbooks like like 10 years ago like
left and right yeah but yeah I don't
know what what more can we go into about
this one here this one some guy said use
rapey in a proper context rape involves
actual penetration good thing I said
rapey instead of raped them rapey when I
say rapey behavior what I mean is it in
this country it seems like historically
we kind of have a we kind of have this
habit of excusing men when they do
things that kind of like violates the
personal spaces of women because it's
just kind of funny it's like a you know
boys will be boys or it's just how guys
are kind of thing and you know
everybody's expected to laugh it off
there's a lot of like examples of this
the popular when I go to is that I
always forget his [ __ ] name but that
Irish guy that was like grabbing that
one ladies but on TV you know I'm
talking about Irish guy was grabbing the
book please but mmm doesn't ring a bell
no is it for like a sitcom or something
or like a commercial you can give them
the the medium of what what it was it
might be able to help you out here we
can do better than that because on the
DT podcast we can watch we can watch
your videos oh that's right yeah we are
an audio and visual medium that's right
so let's load it up here hey youtube
[ __ ] you 4d monetizing this vodkas it's
about to happen
alright ready it is worth watch it again
boys trigger warning alert if you don't
like trigger and oh okay
I immediately know about this yeah this
is like super like yikes but go ahead
play I'm ready I'm ready to relive the
magic
oh it's playing baby you ever like this
like there's always like [ __ ] like this
just kind of like exist summer society
would kind of laugh it off and it's like
it's actually that's like really gross
like that's not cool like don't do that
you know yeah yeah but that was a that
was like a that was from like a British
show right it was an x-factor I don't
know if it was like an X Factor audition
or some [ __ ] but okay yeah so was I so
it's non non USA and this was like that
was a while ago not I'm not tried if
anything's given the context of like
when that happened but it's not the only
example though clearly
um honey ray please know that sexual
harassment I don't know the differences
sorry okay so good I mean there's
there's a lot of those - there's a the
[ __ ] that like I wanted even to like
mine one of the same thing here but I
remember recently getting some reading a
big report on the mistreatment of those
I shouldn't bring up the NFL it was not
particularly relevant kinky prefacing
here but the NFL cheerleaders and and
what and what they go through them and
the the NBA cheerleader I don't other--
call that NBA like support girls go
through like it's incredibly uh
incredibly toxic from what I hear like
legit like star you need to like they
will like regularly um I know it's a
pretty pretty alarming uh questionably
sexist treatment on there and say what
things have to go through to stay on the
team like it's very really really
unhealthy I'm sorry I wish I had more of
the facts on hand to elaborate further
there but yeah that was really alarming
to me there on that one
yeah but yeah I'm sorry I was at that
point though uh you know I mean I don't
know thanks much more to say like I wish
that there is like like I wanted to have
like hot takes on this but like the ad
itself was like pretty [ __ ] harmless
I don't know like I feel like if you're
getting mad at [ __ ] like this it kind of
reminds me of like when uh you remember
when a wolfenstein came out and they're
like we're gonna kill Nazis and feel
like really killing Nazis is this the
type of politically divisive speech we
need right it's like dude why do you
remember this [ __ ] when people got real
mad at Wolfenstein two's marketing no
that was really an issue yeah there was
some I'm saying people I'm kind of being
Weasley here I know that there was a lot
of remember on Twitter I want to say i
watch like a no-bullshit video about it
went there weren't there big league
youtuber people that were like kind of
like poking fun at this who are like oh
yeah like they're going real hard on
killing Nazis and should because they
want to kill conservatives and it's like
why it really I'm trying to remember
Sargon made a [ __ ] video about this
or no I'm pretty sure I watched a
no-bullshit video on it I'm sure there
were others too but like okay just
actually so in that regard then we're
people mad about far cry fives story
with the whole um with the whole like
wasn't like but didn't Far Cry fives
like story have like things and oh yeah
I remember watching god I don't know why
I watched this guy's [ __ ] has video
no [ __ ] made a video on that to
where he's like oh you know like they
tried to show how evil conservatives are
but it backfired because some of the
conservatives in this camera it was so
stupid I remember dude like everything
that guy's [ __ ] makes us so dumb yeah
it's a it's just it's silly mm-hmm yeah
but like Jesus like when you get baited
and actually defending [ __ ] Nazis and
[ __ ] because you're trying to own the
libs like maybe it's time to take a step
back I like [ __ ] Jesus Christ God
gotta own the libs man always man got a
cannibalize myself to own the libs yeah
I kissed God I got a throw at my my
Keurig coffee makers in the trashcan
that I already paid for there I got the
money from me purchasing gotta burn my
already purchased think he's got a grab
other words Oh got a gotta order lattes
from Starbucks
[Music]
remember this one actually if you member
the way you went in and you like said
your [ __ ] hold on am I making this up
you said your name was like Merry
Christmas or some [ __ ] so they were
right yeah some dumb [ __ ] like it's
either it's either either like for Trump
or Jesus or Mary you did something to
make them and it's like yeah you sure on
them all right sure you know gave them
more money oh they said her name was
Trump or something yeah oh my god people
are so yeah this is one time I remember
his protest this just gets comically bad
it's insane I was walking down the
street the other day and I came up to
this [ __ ] person and it was insane and
I was like in LA and I did not expect
this to happen here cuz I figured this
would have been a happy holidays' place
I walked up to this guy and this dude
looks me like right in the face we're at
the crosswalk and this guy who's like
[ __ ] dead serious looks at me and
he's like hey Merry Christmas and then I
just kept going and it you know I didn't
even think about it at all you you
weren't you weren't super trigger no and
then like seven minutes later as I like
enter the Starbucks to get my 15th hot
chocolate I was like oh [ __ ] did I miss
an opportunity to get insanely [ __ ]
triggered could I have had my moment did
I miss it should I be like recording a
vlog right now how [ __ ] ass pan I am
that someone said Merry Christmas or
happy holidays like oh well [ __ ] well
sir if you regularly consume Fox News
you would you miss your opportunity to
be triggered because the propaganda
machine told me that this year the are
2018
Starbucks holiday
makeup designs didn't feature any text
on them it was just kinds of the things
that implied holidays but it didn't
explicitly say Merry Christmas so now
the war on Christmas as escalated to
like tier five now and it's time that's
a retaliate massively nationwide this is
some country destroyed [ __ ] yes I agree
okay is there anything else about Gilly
yet a that we need to talk about or I
think we about I think we might hit up
all the movie points in this I don't
know yeah it's absurdity we're I think
I'm good here I'm nothing more to
contribute to it okay we at some point
we need like the third party to disagree
I feel like if we had like Richard Lewis
on here hopefully could be putting up
some good arguments why it's bad to tell
men not said well I mean we can't rate
people who are if you want to if you
want to go that route we can already
covered virtue signaling a little bit
there but that but one thing I hear is
like a good you know oh it's virtue
signal yeah well everyone does that
though yeah that's literally like how
society works like people are like your
virtue signaling so what do you mean is
like well you're just you're saying that
because it's some like thing you believe
in it's like yeah and I guess like I
guess like the ultimate thing people say
is it like I guess virtuous signaling is
when you pretend you of a virtue but you
don't actually have it I guess I don't
know if people actually [ __ ] do this
like like how often do people like fake
having like if you want to accuse like
anybody a virtue signaling like how
about like Republicans that constantly
hide behind the military and then
[ __ ] ship them off to fight wars all
the time like what the [ __ ] how about
that for some [ __ ] virtue signaling
like damn I don't know it just seems
like such a weird [ __ ] claim like we
said hey like I believe in this thing so
like your virtue seems like no I
actually believe it how do you even know
in virtue say how do you know if I care
I don't care about this thing yeah yeah
okay you know what you know what
probably a good example um so
kukuku be then agree that perhaps that
the Pepsi ad was the one that would
seemed like a virtue signal genuinely so
tone deaf
I have to rewatch it again here but like
um yeah it was it was a Kylie Jenner was
I think so yeah every initiative is made
of [ __ ] video some dudes
no [ __ ] airplane and like as he's
diving into the building like a flight
attendant comes out and he like opens
the [ __ ] Pepsi and like steers the
plane up and they go and label it like
I'm sure like yeah crisis averted or
some [ __ ] I don't know Jesus Christ that
that commercial yeah that was just like
a cringy [ __ ] commercial damn but uh
yeah don't know where we're not gonna
watch it we're not to watch it yeah no
we definitely don't
yeah moving on to the real the center
story the main draw today label it label
it it's like number two pokemons
copyright pokey mean it's a [ __ ]
Pokemon as a goddamn name her real life
name is Iman and so the joke is Pokemon
oh yes I confirmed this okay multiple
times because I'm so asked pain about
[ __ ] like you correcting me that her
name is pokey Pokemon email it's not
pokey main look you corrected me earlier
about about uh about was arrest a road
ridden yeah by ridden yeah that
alternate I was trying to like get cop
here for the imaginary scoreboard so
[ __ ] man out now I'm 0 and two dude [ __ ]
yeah you better watch your [ __ ] self
- you're about to earn a quick unfollow
on Instagram if you don't watch yourself
okay you're gonna need a lot of Jim
selfies to make up for this [ __ ]
episode damn dude
I thought I thought on ironically
announcing unfollows was like a 2014
mean still do that now do you ever do
the shadow and follow someone if they're
following you and you don't want them to
so you block them and unblock them woo
no I did you know I know I know what
that tech dude damn that's hot a lot of
dumb funny [ __ ] you can do unlike
Twitter I know that girls will do that
[ __ ] and guys probably do too like yeah
it's funny just funny [ __ ] I did not
think about that damn that's actually
really smart yeah get the [ __ ] off me
bro like it's like the equivalent of
like the shove off me in subway if
you're peeping people's stories and you
don't want them to know you have to
block them and unblock them so that you
don't show up on a friend anymore and
then they won't see that there's a lot
of like that meta goes deep all right
you got in case you [ __ ] up and do have
you ever been have you ever done the
thing I do this once I think it was like
a week ago
oh my god we are scrolling through some
[ __ ] either like an Instagram you're
creeping or a Facebook or something and
you accidentally click the like thing on
a post it's like [ __ ] three years old
oh no so I think you're creeping really
hard yeah and it's like okay let's
listen so when I was new that IG I was I
forgot where I was going through but
like I double tapped the image to zoom
in because that's how it works on
Twitter at the time oh so that's now
yeah and it like then I was like [ __ ]
dude now it's like I don't want to
unlike it cuz you know the minute you
like it that notification gets sent
right especially if you have like a
larger account so like anytime I do
anything like I know that shit's like
popping up on that person's phone and
like the worst that you're gonna do it
an undo it and they go and they look and
it's like not there anymore yeah I know
that you know that they know yes because
if you unlike a like thing that's the
metaphorical equivalent alright or the
literal equivalent of deleted tweets the
minute delay tweet anyone who had that
screen cap now that that screen cap is
like 10x more guys yeah it's like hiding
bodies or some [ __ ] do like that's some
that's some real [ __ ] oh my god that's
some real [ __ ] mmm okay I'm getting card
two here apparently the notification
will go away if you immediately unlike
something but I actually downloaded a
special program on my phone to keep
track of my notifications because some
people do play those games you're
playing games on my phone I'm gonna
catch that [ __ ] I got a [ __ ] lager
for all my notifications you ain't gonna
[ __ ] with my [ __ ] like that yeah yeah
people share with discord messages to
send a disco message and deleted that
[ __ ] notification gets logged
[ __ ] oh okay actually don't
leave write an important deal here okay
when it comes to accusations that happen
in discs or like person said X and it
was incredibly sexist racist bigotry
whatever right you're trying to pop
someone off because it did some question
behavior in discord how does one
factually like prove anything without it
escalating to getting like discord staff
to like show their bear in of the server
side logs because someone like
screencaps of discord log and it's like
yeah I can recreate that and Photoshop
in like four seconds how does one is
that is that what you're getting on
right now that you have a you can pop
off on that kind of [ __ ]
oh no I could just log notifications on
my phone and those are gonna be done
through push notifications or done--they
like servers and [ __ ] so but I mean
theoretically like faking that [ __ ] is
real easy
what's the button - what's the button to
bring up the code box I always push it
accidentally and I think mmm
ff12 flm disk where I don't [ __ ] know
oh wait I know cuz it'll [ __ ] my just go
but basically in dis code you can push
oh and chews it up 12
you can push like f12 and it'll move to
the side and you can just edit the text
yourself but it's basically I think the
discord UI is like a wrapper for HTML so
like you can just edit the messages
directly and then it actually like looks
real and everything because it's
actually in there so yeah yikes yikes
all right I'm sorry well I'm actually
literally disobeying the topic no
actually you didn't even derail because
we didn't even get on the tracks yet so
let's get on the tracks play pokemon
copy right now okay we have to go
through this covet quickly cuz every
time I talk about Pokemon it gets
clipped and pasted somewhere and I feel
like people have this impression that I
talk about it all the time it's really
[ __ ] annoying actually so no so let
me clarify that quick yeah I advocated
have a topic covered because I feel like
no no you're gonna weird now you made it
sound like I put you up to say oh my god
alright whatever
okay talk what I had to do which of the
videos how many this videos how many did
you watch you got that right I watched
three videos god damn what do you mean
like opposition research oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah to get the full
story to get the context okay yeah so
PewDiePie called her out and he
basically said she was legitimately
copyright striking people and then some
guy made like a video and uh man I guy
was real upset called like the dark side
of Pokemon or some [ __ ] yeah yeah dad
dude we're a hella mad and then Pokemon
made her little response video where she
kind of apologized about some [ __ ] and
yeah what do you what do you have any
thoughts on this I have very strong
thoughts on this so follow lead I mean
okay okay so so from what I understood
she she was accused of copyright
striking invalidly
or incorrectly
and it seemed it seemed like for a while
was kind of like the whole yeah I love
the name drop your [ __ ] name drop
[ __ ] King star or who are you gonna name
drop Alan it he doesn't say like the the
opposition the uh well look what I've
seen right it's like what she does is
like if it's kiss construe disagrees
with regardless of how it's how it's
objectively framed or anything like that
yeah you drove it out there I'm a cop I
strike you and you're featuring me you
get strikes like a transformation of
content be damned and that was the
accusation and then she like came
forward and elaborate on like what she
should and shouldn't have done including
you know the idea of having the entire
conversation with the person who had
some of the more questionable videos and
stuff like that so um I've tried to care
how to really keep it all together yeah
I it's so there's like two the two parts
here right first is the the whole
keemstar thing yeah I'm you want to get
into that work quicker the I don't know
third girl was about another had drama
on Twitter they were making a videos at
each other but yeah so they uh they had
a little bit a little spit spat here and
there and the thing is like whenever you
involve Kim start anything here Kim
stars his entire agendas never to like
deescalate things he's always about
escalating it and if anything making it
relevant to his is his show so it's all
about you know the whole idea of blowing
things up further and further to where
then there are accusations being had by
the mass public was the reception the
framing done by keemstar so then that
you need to now come on his show to
either defend or or push through and
double down on things you're advocating
for or being accused against it to
defend yourself so the fact that she
even respondent keemstar in the first
place is kind of like a well yeah what
else was he gonna do course it's gonna
[ __ ] escalate it so that's like what
his whole thing here is so whenever she
came to respond to him what happened at
that point was the boat both all the
Twitter responses the Twitter response
videos of her in him exchanging back and
forth were compiled together to a
compilation to be viewed in a convenient
form on YouTube by some other person and
and that is what you copyright strike
NASA land I I don't agree because that
was because that's where you can easily
you know that's that's his trademark
transformative content they
all put together in a convenient thing
and you can call it a montage or or
something to that to that note I don't
know what other commentary was added to
that particular montage but yeah that's
the one where she was trying to
copyright strike that one that's the one
I feel most people are or were not on
her side because of the chronic trance
right now but I think she covered that
in her apology oh she did she cover that
in her apology video um so there was
that one there was another one where she
had another person it was kind of like
recapping at this point now but it was
another one where another guy had a
YouTube channel they had two recent
impressive feat of subscriber think it
was like 700,000 or so and it consisted
of like at least half that the videos
were featuring featuring her and even
some of them contained a very very
clickbait very questionable very
questionable super sexualized but like
in like a really like weird way on
content and she just blew that channel
up and I feel that one was like you know
of a ballot takedown because it was just
like you know pokey main thick
compilation and in just wold like clips
of like her like getting up and walking
away like nothing that was intended to
be sexual just like I know chat pervs
being being being who they were uh-huh
and then I'm not forgetting another
thing here
there was like there's like two separate
guys nurse and then in general whether
the video that you're bringing up here
at the UH the dark side of Pokemon
poking me whatever I don't know anymore
um I'm overthinking it in that video the
the general criticism was that she's
striking down videos when she herself
reacts to things reacts to full YouTube
videos on stream without while providing
minimal commentary so she's like you
know you can't you can't use my [ __ ] on
youtube but at the same time I'm allowed
to use your [ __ ] on Twitch that was the
the argument being presented there for
the hypocrisy on on her end and then in
that said video and then finally and
then finally the idea that she was um
bullying one of the one of the the clip
the clip themes like I still want to
call them that because she eventually
had saw the he put his like his
Instagram in the description of the
video that that she had a problem with
and she's going through his Instagram
live on her string with her with her you
know fat few count and it's good
like is it you know derogatory bullying
behavior supposedly which I'm like adds
kind of a reach but okay sure um yeah I
mean that's the entire day before come
when I saw so I'm gonna I take the real
aggressive stance here because I hate
everyone and I am a [ __ ] ruthless
content creator
[ __ ] that [ __ ] if people are [ __ ]
around my [ __ ] and they're making videos
of me that I don't [ __ ] like if I
even think it qualifies for protection
under copyright laws I'm gonna [ __ ]
smash the [ __ ] out of that video okay
[ __ ] out of here with that [ __ ] if I get
a Twitter fight with some other [ __ ]
and I delete my tweets and you rip half
your [ __ ] video just comes from
videos of my tweets your [ __ ]
[ __ ] is getting the hammer alright
remember do you remember in the Avengers
did you watch infinity war yes remember
when authority manned the Black Panther
land and he quit this out of [ __ ]
nowhere with his giant hammer that's
what I [ __ ] do when I see that [ __ ] I
get my copy paste because I got all
sorts of DMCA forms I got that [ __ ]
pre-populated everything I fire these
things off faster than [ __ ] jontron
can fire off [ __ ] alright talking
points I mean I [ __ ] go crazy on that
[ __ ] if you're [ __ ] around if you're
stealing people's [ __ ] videos you're
throwing them up on your YouTube when
you're doing it for some clickbait
[ __ ] man [ __ ] that [ __ ] hell yeah
you better believe I didn't see that
well if I couldn't go to court if you
want to [ __ ] fight that [ __ ] that's
how I feel I understand that I think
when Pokemon did like her little apology
video I thought she was soft I
understand why she did it because she
doesn't want to like be like make
everyone think she's a [ __ ] or whatever
but um man [ __ ] that [ __ ] dude people
want to compare it to like doing YouTube
videos and [ __ ] or watching YouTube
videos on stream I mean like generally I
don't DM say people if I think that
they're like working in good faith if
somebody's like watching my video is
part of like a [ __ ] 8 hour stream or
some [ __ ]
or if my video is on I like the
background in some [ __ ] then anyway
don't [ __ ] I did whatever I like I think
there's a difference between like that
versus I'm literally just uploading
verbatim a video and like half of it is
literally like you making a video like
on Twitter sure I feel like these are
kind of different things also the
purpose of them is a lot different as
well I don't know if the purpose should
matter as much to me it does I feel like
if you're like just ripping people's
videos and [ __ ] - like [ __ ] with people
that are like slander people like [ __ ]
up dude you know I mean it's your
copyright like why not go hard
ya know uh you're right I I can't
comment really further on the whole on
the whole YouTube metrics down under
Annika understand it that well to
comment anything further you already
said but concerning the the twitch meta
though I yeah I always try my best if
I'm going to like watch a video I I
would never just like sit there and
watch it raw I would uh I I always try
to like do something while doing it so
even like before like you know reacting
to like some of your iconic the base
that your chat wants me to do so badly
and I now it's kind of like fun to do a
second take and get let them like relive
the magic essentially I always make it
like you know at most a quarter of my
screen like it's like I'm playing Mario
I'm really playing Mario but I'm playing
Mario while doing something engaging cuz
I'm so like you know I've been playing I
mean I mean I've been playing like
10,000 hours of Mario at this point so
it's like I gotta like find something
some new way to engage it further so
it's like you know if I wasn't watching
let's say if I wasn't watching a
destined debate or if I wasn't watching
a really dank youtube video while
playing Mario I would just like I would
honestly I would consider just doing
audio books while playing mario TBH
that's how you know when i'm ready to
replace you when i want to kick you off
the podcast you're gonna get a message
from your account manager when I'm like
I'm sorry drags but we received like
three DMCA takedown notices for your
channel and they're gonna come from
destiny died GG LLC for watching my
[ __ ] demand and I'm just never gonna
talk to you again [ __ ] dude I gotta I
gotta try to produce real content not do
the lazy reactions you know I'm just
like I mean like for in so far as like I
haven't watched enough of Pokemon stream
to see what she does or what she doesn't
do I mean like if you're literally like
putting people's YouTube videos up when
you're channeling walking away from your
computer [ __ ] or if you're literally
like you know just eating and you're not
talking about anything at all like I I
can see that these are like closer
arguments for like okay well like this
is kind of just like ribbon people
should but yeah I mean like when you're
like literally like ripping people's
other people's work whether it's a
tweeted video or what and you're
literally just throwing these up to like
draw attention to yourself or or to like
[ __ ] talk someone or to do like hardcore
not true clickbait like that one guy
that was posting videos of Pokemon I'm
putting like other people's asses and
shut up like poking my pregnant like
yeah yeah that was Lee yeah super
questionable at that point yeah super
say I'm done
and then as far as poking making fun the
guys Instagram I mean that
probably indefensible she probably
should never do that just because she's
a streamer but I mean the guys Instagram
was like LinkedIn the [ __ ] YouTube
comments or like it I'm not in that
accounts and he puts in under the
description I'm like I don't know I mean
like she probably shouldn't do I mean
you shouldn't do it if you're a streamer
but god damn yeah you under more
scrutiny when you're a large profile
like that goes yeah Stace Kyle you got
to be on your on your on your guard way
more often I would say yeah that report
button is mega lucrative let me tell you
I wish I've never seen this about guys
before she thinks she has talent and I
cringe every time I hear her say content
creator I mean Dawg she her YouTube
channel and it never mind okay let's
honor I guess people do say that about
guy sometimes people say excuse he just
screams all the time hmm so anyway the
pink comes right can you elaborate
further it so you're the idea of content
creator that bad oh it's a guy in chat
was just like really triggered because
he thinks cuz a lot of people think that
girls are just like talentless hacks and
I think it popular it's just because
they're pretty or whatever and so like
oh like Pokemon isn't a content creator
she's not telling at all it's like oh
it's what that guy was getting at okay
yeah yeah then what what is she then
like I don't know like she literally has
like what it's not like some like
literally like two million [ __ ] it's
like some ridiculous [ __ ] number
almost three million [ __ ] its gravity
yeah like should say okay but yeah three
mil YouTube subs millions of igf oh yeah
she's using a powerhouse man for sure
yeah okay not a content creator though
sure yeah
content creator influencer these are
just gross terms to refer to sort of how
mad are you dog that I signed [ __ ]
five figure contracts calling myself an
influencer
wait are we not supposed to talk to chat
what we do this alright what's the next
topic alright yeah alright there's a
reason you [ __ ] on the screen alright
so we got the UH we got the the Trump
fast-food White House dinner oh boy
where if you were on if you're on social
media the day this happened oh my god oh
my god so basically the government
down no White House chefs forever so
Trump out of the goodness of his heart
reaches into his own pocket deeper she's
into his own pocket you ever have the
uncle that shows up for Christmas and
he's like I got you a little something
even though I couldn't afford it and
it's like it's like the shittiest thing
imaginable but you have to take it and
be happy and kind and tell him thank you
and pretend to play with it alongside
any other toys even though he got you
like the literal shittiest [ __ ] thing
in the universe and it's like well yeah
but it's it's one of two things it's
either it's either like a freakin like a
stupid like 50 piece puzzle from like
Dollar General or Dollar Tree and you're
like well whoop Dee [ __ ] or it's like a
$10 gift card to like Game Stop where
you can buy literally nothing but a
fidgets spinner or have you ever seen
have you ever had a family member give
you like the random like $5 like
dreamcast or playstation game or some
[ __ ] and it's like some weird [ __ ]
[ __ ]
you've never heard of before in your
entire life people think indie games
only exist on Steam man if you would
attend family Christmas parties you
would see some of the most crazy random
[ __ ] video games in your life [ __ ]
Rayman ghost is spiraling just like the
most random [ __ ] [ __ ] like this is a
real [ __ ] game oh my god yeah I'm
sorry not to derail here for but sorry
whenever whenever you're that whenever
you're that said uncle and you're like
okay I'm gonna get my I know my son's
got a game cast 360 I don't know what
it's called it's it he's got some video
game thing and I'm gonna I'm gonna buy
my games I know he likes he likes those
gaming things right mm-hmm I want
someone to like make a series or you
document what the process is of the
uncle slash parent who's like okay I'm
gonna use purely my bias and zero
education on the the thing I'm trying to
buy like you know nothing about games
right I know nothing about games you
know you plug in the paddle and the game
does something and it turns on it and
then you win right I won't know the
process of locating their judging purely
based off of like game box art and how
they like it or like okay well let me
think here I like Tobey Maguire because
I like spider-man and I think Nickelback
is pretty good so if I get them you know
if I get them this like action music
game I just want to know like what goes
through their head like when they're
looking through their so my hobbies like
my grandma did that
actually as a [ __ ] meme I used to
play one of the games that I like
playing like growing up was a game
called have you ever heard of Ninja
Gaiden yeah isn't impossibly [ __ ] I
don't know how oh my god there that game
and there was another one called I want
to say ghosts and ghouls yeah super goal
of some ghouls he's also ears or
whatever yeah it's really [ __ ] hard
yeah oh my god these games were so hard
but um when my grandma bought me a new
system she bought me the game and she's
like sure you'll like this cuz the guy
on the you know he's got a sword like
the ninja game you play and that's when
she got me a Playstation and Final
Fantasy 7 because that was what was on
the box art was Cloud Strife and his
giant buses started and God damns yeah
yeah isn't that crazy yeah that I I
would love like just Appalachian of
parents X children who's like you know
yeah you know again I was told the story
here but like yeah you know the freaking
parents walk in and you know they wanted
a you want to call a duty and they've
gotten the parent was like well Call of
Duty 60 bucks we know what's what can I
get for 15 and it was like you got
[ __ ] chicken blaster for we because
it you know some some some shovelware
nonsense because it's contained guns and
that was it yeah so just yeah this
anyways though but yeah back to the back
to the topic here at hand about the
about this about this dinner so you know
because we were derailed a little bit
I'm actually so curious yeah did you
ever remember oh man holy [ __ ] I'm
nostalgia tripping so [ __ ] hard right
now you ever remember buying sometimes
like the gamer magazines because they
would come with the preview CDs when you
would put the game in and the get you
could pick for like eight different
demos or whatever of like games you
remember that [ __ ]
we're going to here dude I was poor yeah
I'll do every else want to know for
context here every year I only got two
games
it was Christmas and birthday and I had
to use them both incredibly wisely so
yeah I lived off of demo discs for a
very long period of time there was the
one thing with my measly $5 week
allowance I could do to actually like
buy show one level unlike Tony Hawk pro
skater that it would let you play and
[ __ ] like Oh Mandy that was a long
[ __ ] time ago holy [ __ ] oh dude yeah
I I I was a frequent subscribe
to OPM and xbox official magazine OPM
being official PlayStation Magazine
so both the PlayStation Magazine and the
Xbox Magazine contained demo discs and I
would I would I lived off of that like I
played that I played that Dead or Alive
3 bit like a 500 million times on Xbox
me and my cousins would at least anyway
yes yeah that was a yeah man no demos
were crazy dude it's even it's even
stranger now because uh demos are a dead
concept now right like I feel like we've
kind of like moved to our demos they're
more alive than ever demos are so
[ __ ] alive that you don't even give
them away anymore you sell them at full
price to be when you call them pre-alpha
I was gonna say early access alpha or
early access pre-alpha but uh or
whatever you want to call it now
remember it was it we use to be early
access beta but now like because I get
more insecure about about that's free
alpha now look like it's a pre alpha
what is it I get every [ __ ] III dude
we're you alpha means you've written
down some ideas no [ __ ] no no no
that's a pretty helper free alpha is
literally I have like a bunch of like
[ __ ] loose post-it notes and some
napkins with some coffee stains on them
and that's my that's my game right now
that's pretty odd so for like the
general the things these word that what
these words used to kind of mean is you
would have like an alpha game alpha
basically means you kind of have like
your core workings but but your games
feature incomplete so there might be
like entire systems missing maybe you
don't have your sound engine in at all
or maybe you're missing vehicle like
some massive parts of your game might be
missing yeah I think of alpha I think of
like wireframe ground with like moving
blocks yeah it could be yeah it could be
that no sound could be right that's why
you're generally think of and then from
for the beta beta is typically where
you're polishing the game up it's
feature completes all your major
components are in but you might be
polishing some things up you might be
working on your graphics whatever and
then you kind of like move towards
different like release clients so then
you get to like like release yeah this
is like kind of like the general and
then like in different stages of
production different people do things
during but that's like kind of whatever
but like people are releasing like pre
alpha games and then selling like
cosmetics it's like what the [ __ ] is
going on why would you even like how can
you even know these are gonna be the
final game you
even complete yeah like what the [ __ ]
are you doing wasn't can I bring about
the biggest example this recently what
did see 76 students didn't they have
like a beta like two weeks prior to
launch and it was like well yeah it's
[ __ ] terrible like what are you gonna
change before the game comes out you
have two weeks left
mm-hmm it's like okay this is just like
a and it feel like a giant if I were
called correctly it was a giant like
preorder scam I say that's a scam but
like it's like yeah if I recall
correctly you pre-ordered the game to
get the access and that was just used to
push pre-order numbers to get it on day
one are called [ __ ] amen and that's
how exactly I feel when I get a Burger
King burger it's like a pre-alpha
cheeseburger and that's our tie-in to
trump so your uncle your Christmas uncle
grows up gets rich becomes a multi
billionaire and then he goes to buy
[ __ ] cheeseburgers from Burger King
and that's what Trump did because the
government was shut down see how we
wrapped that all in together yeah I did
that first off technically it was a it
was big it was a it was a big mass and
nuggets and some way it was McDonald's
and Wendy's yeah that did that wasn't
the important part of that why you have
to blow me up again like that [ __ ]
Jesus I'm trying to the goods I'm
[ __ ] I'm not wrong here so I got got
one of the board now one two job did you
smashed that debate I got out
cheeseburger hard in that one okay nice
job I found the [ __ ] writer of
Wendy's treats right here boys it's
[ __ ] trihex things hey man I don't
cut corners man all right can I say okay
I don't know what the [ __ ] were even
supposed to say about this Trump ordered
cheeseburgers for people out of his own
pocket
wow what a god because they don't know
it's right yeah the Clemson Tigers won
there forgive me I don't know what like
what thing was they won their sports
ball thingy and they wanna visit to the
White House and because the government
shutdown you had no you had no staff to
prepare any kind of like feast or any
kind of catering thing so
Trump did what I guess what anyone would
do does and just well here's thing right
there's two parts there right cuz one is
yeah so there was like there was like
this really this is iconic picture of
him like doing this really awkward smile
the hands up and he's just like hey it's
a it's a McDonald's feast you know
here's all this
old McDonald's food and Wendy's would
you can you can all go crazy on and yeah
I don't know if you guys like know this
have you ever been in like a place like
a high school thing before where they
ordered like 300 cheeseburgers and [ __ ]
no well yeah no pizza yes cheeseburgers
no because piece is much more like I
feel much more friendly towards
environment Pizza definitely works
better when you do like french fries
cheeseburgers and [ __ ] I don't know like
if you guys like haven't worked in fast
food whatever this [ __ ] gets bad in like
five minutes like you don't want to eat
like a french fries that's like ten
minutes all that's kind of if you're
ordering like hundreds of [ __ ] things
like this and then you're serving them
you know like to even twenty or thirty
minutes later that's some nasty [ __ ]
food you know if you're talking like up
to an hour like oh yeah I don't know
it's kind of weird yeah not only that
but having cuz you know cuz I mean mean
that's me both I've worked in these
environments before I can tell you now
like one McDonald's doesn't have the
capacity to make 300 cheeseburgers uh
that quickly like you can load at most
maybe thirty patties like a minute but
yeah to get the 300 yeah you're gonna be
you're you're you're sitting there
that's gonna the burger one that you
made for you the burger 300 it's gonna
be sitting there for about 25 yeah if
not 30 minutes I think only on the
grills where I worked I wanted to say on
each side you could look like it was
like nine or twelve patties or some [ __ ]
like on each thing like yeah you're not
drawing 300 patties out of the [ __ ]
grill and cook come on yeah yeah well um
you know we go you know it's a very
scenic you know thing there you want to
bring it down you got you got your uh
you have a lot of items McDonald's on
the - for $5 mix and match menu so yeah
Jim filet-o-fish is which
Oh little filet-o-fish is uh you had Big
Macs you had Nuggets so you know you
know Trump be sure to optimize that that
dollar that value menu and uh really
finished at pennies there you had the
yet all the sauces the sauce packets in
the gravy ladles um technically not
ladles of the gravy the little gravy
pouring thingies but like uh yeah you
had that going on it was just uh it was
a giant [ __ ] show I just opens himself
up sometimes fair attack like so like
why not just like he could have just
ordered pizza okay no there's
something's a good done your deep or
catered in like
real food but like yeah yes yeah the
Trump Hotel down down the road down like
I think I can I even like one block away
and could have easily like used his like
Trump Hotel resources like calling that
staff to come in to do [ __ ] because I
didn't have the White House to have to
utilize um but above all here I think
was kind of a people will think this is
in like keeping out really hardcore
which is a fair criticism here but I
think more so is shows like Trump's
narcissism because Trump does genuinely
enjoy McDonald's um from my remember
reading about it he eats it quite
frequently um and this is like him like
imposing you know I like McDonald's so
why the [ __ ] would anyone else like
McDonald's I love McDonald's and my
taste is immaculate talked here
unmatched so I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna reimpose what I like on everybody
else here sure people are saying that
they had people are saying they had
pizza yeah they did but like when I just
ordered pizza like why would you have
like people like I want you to arrange
these Pat these like Wendy's Burger is
like in the most artistic way papad and
I would just seems dumb to me someone in
chat says you can drop 40 double-sized
in 20 singles at once on each flat and
as usual at least two flats of
McDonald's damn I guess like some might
be a lot bigger than than the one that I
worked at yeah yeah I didn't have yeah
those ones that have like the double
drive-thru and [ __ ] might have like more
cooking [ __ ] inside if you guys don't
like got some crazy [ __ ] going on but
yeah fair fair point there yeah mine sir
I didn't have that though but I think I
was in McDonald's in a Walmart so
what-what would I know
sure so so that was the fast-food dinner
glad you played the video for it
speaking and that kind of so the reason
why the fast-food dinner happened though
segues into I'm leaving Activision oh
that's the next time I'm just [ __ ] you
do the government shutdown there's not
really much to talk about that has
anything weird still shut down it's been
um wait sport the longest ever I don't
know what they run yeah that's why it
was coverage worthy because now now as
of the past week we aren't we have now
entered the longest government shutdown
in history and yeah there's definitely
some some things there too we kind of
covered a little bit last week here the
the National the National Parks being
unstaffed I've let the people just like
go in there and do crazy [ __ ] you had a
some some some some exotic breeds of
trees of God knocked over so that people
can like use their their off-road
vehicles to like go muddin and [ __ ] and
then in the national parks which is kind
of a kind of crazy you I'm sure by now
you know any any toiletries or trash
facilities in those parks are completely
overfilled now and probably incredibly
gross no you have pres trouble
processing tax returns if you're waiting
for your tax refund a lot of employees
thankfully have been called back to work
for the government with no [ __ ] pay
um I'm pretty sure there was some FDA
employees that were called back to do
like like kind of emergency or like
really important food inspections and
whatnot there were a couple other
departments to where the employees are
basically being called back to work with
with no pay in order to like make up for
some of what's going on I've heard
there's a lot of problems I haven't
[ __ ] read about this I should have
but there's a lot of problems like the
TSA related stuff right now at the CIA
right now you have um TSA agents are
running from what I hear like at best
case a third of their their normal
capacity if you want here I have a you
want to have a video I retweet here
about like showing you the actually it's
in Europe actually notice on it's a the
Atlanta Airport and showing how bad that
line is you know the busy Airport ATL is
right yeah
yeah I don't think I I don't I didn't I
haven't flown through that one much but
I don't remember ever being that busy
but let's look yeah we'll check the
video it's a time lapse of the TSA line
we're rarely is it ever worse than 30
minutes long because you know the
Atlanta has capacity to like deal with
the watch arrive because they're like
one of the busiest airports in the world
but here I'm getting SeaTac flashbacks
oh god yeah we're talking like I'm
hearing it's uh pushing upwards of three
hours to get through TSA right now there
which is crazy
there's also uh staff issues at the air
control centers from what I hear you
like they're running lower than shorts
there so you could have you know I'm as
many eyes and as you know them as many
eyes in the sky to make sure every every
you know every connecting flight every
coordinating flight all
all um you know locations are good to go
also they're here and then recently
right the we covered all that yeah
there's a lot of [ __ ] going on I mean
you know if we enter February we're
gonna have officially like food stamps
are gonna be running out of they're not
gonna be able to provide either because
they're reserved cash flow is going to
be depleted by by this point wait for
who for snap oh yeah yeah so the for the
snap things this is it's already so
[ __ ] so I don't remember to snap
stands for but those are like your
electronic benefit things right those
are like your food stamps basically
right yeah yeah food stamps another
thing yeah there's a I should remember
what it stands for but snap like Snap is
an acronym for something or maybe a
backward eye maybe they wanted to
snappin anyone but um the thing is is
that I think there's a provision for it
where like if funding is coming to an
end for it you can request benefits like
30 days before it like becomes defunded
so there are some states that are doing
that so some families are going to have
like double the EBT available to them
you know for like this month so
hopefully they don't like spend through
it because if they waste it on now
they're [ __ ]
and then hopefully the government should
don't get to figure it out soon so that
people get funding for like food stamps
for March and [ __ ] and like yeah holy
[ __ ] that [ __ ] is all like [ __ ] up as
well like Jesus Christ you know people
already so [ __ ] at [ __ ] managing
their money I don't know man oh yeah
it's looking looking really scary but
yeah so we have miss governor Dom being
held up right now and the other thing
about this too here's a didn't uh Nancy
Pelosi because I was correctly yeah
didn't didn't she delay I forgot how
does what happen here exactly she
delayed Trump's address I'm gonna do
another address declaring a state of
emergency this time if I recall
correctly but she like delayed it out of
concern of safety because we don't have
the Secret Service I thought she did it
actually haven't I thought she said she
wanted to delay it but I don't know if
that actually happened because it's not
supposed to yeah I know you got Billy
has it from when I last word oh really
[ __ ] me damn that's pretty me me the
State of the Union stay up Thursday at
the Union okay yeah are you sure I
thought is that actually [ __ ] I sure
can she do that alone this way well when
in this story break like a few hours ago
I could be wrong but yeah yeah this is
like very very recent but it was it was
delayed because from from what I stand
the speculation was it was delayed due
to um well she also had a personal
interest in it cuz she didn't want Trump
they're just like blast Democrats cuz
there's gone blamed them for the reason
why the wall is not funded and why this
government's going on so it's just gonna
like she didn't want it to she'd want
him to go on but she wanted to the under
the cause of the of the security issue
being at hand she [ __ ] dead he has to
do the State of the Union from the over
Oliver : I'm sorry this is [ __ ]
quotas very funny
Pelosi delivered it again in an
interview with CNN's Ashlee kill oh this
is housekeeping this is a housekeeping
matter in the Congress of the United
States so we can honor the
responsibility the invitation we
extended to the president said Pelosi he
can make it from the oval office if he
wants holy [ __ ] that's [ __ ] hilarious
mm-hmm and then there's the other
component here to write with uh what
what's what's Mitch's Mitch McConnell
Zucker involvements right now he's the
one
reject isn't he refusing to call like a
vote on any spending bills at the moment
I haven't kept up like as much with yeah
that's what I heard he's a there was
like there was like another attempt
recently made to try to get the the
coach not to end and he like blocked it
some a lot of those a little blocking is
because they know there aren't gonna be
the votes anyways I just I haven't kept
up as much like the whole shutdown [ __ ]
is like such a [ __ ] [ __ ] show it's
kind of one of those things where I just
want to wait for the dust to settle and
see what the [ __ ] but yeah yeah yeah
okay well see we'll see where it goes
I'm kind of I'm getting kind of antsy
now cuz I actually have a I have a
flight in February I'm just like oh god
I'm hoping this is resolved before then
but I mean I guess I get to have a go
find a TSA Horror Story if it's a not
resolved by the 31st I fly out to
Oakland yikes yeah so yeah so like
I I think the problem right now is
whatever whatever legislation they want
to call I don't think it's gonna have
the votes to pass this what the problem
is someone in chat is saying that like
um McConnell window because the
president won't sign off on it however
the president doesn't have to sign off
on [ __ ]
yeah but generally if you're calling
votes for legislation you don't want to
push legislation through just have the
president veto it like it just
undermines your position in your party
you know but yeah so that's all I got
for that at least oh you want to move on
to the are our last organized topic
let's [ __ ] do it my dude all right so
uh so the last topic of this week topic
number five I think I'm gonna count
correctly here yeah number five
Bunji leaving Activision so we got some
more that's some more spicy gaming news
here are our beloved halo factory or
exhale factory Bungie has notably left
that division price of right above us
all earlier this week here but pretty
pretty big thing Bungie was able to
separate from Activision and keep the
Destiny IP further infuriating the
destiny before me right now because he
has now continued to coexist with this
brand brand confliction of naming here
nice job beta male she chose it more
alpha Nia I would say [ __ ] off the I
chose my name before these [ __ ] did
okay don't even [ __ ] start with them
that's my son right of my Instagram
account my youtube channel
[ __ ] them maybe this means Jesse how
finally [ __ ] die or do you think I
start gonna support destiny too and all
that [ __ ] uh yeah I think they're gonna
support it dude I think it's they're
gonna come in further with it is there
gonna be a [ __ ] destiny you know well
the original case so the the contract
that Bungie sign with Activision it was
a 10-year four-game contract Jesus so
east so they I would imagine eight they
kind of built the the novels in an
engine but they built their assets and
resources here to utilize the the
Destiny game for you know a while here
so I think it'd be really wasteful of
them just to not make destiny three or
at least you know I'll they they're
gonna been in that B they clearly they
acquire the IP I the agreement because
they want to they want to make the fans
happy
you know there was a lot
mandates made by Activision to monetize
and price gouge to left and right and
that's why whenever the the revenue goal
setback division they were I imagine
pretty lofty and probably kind of
unrealistic um were set by Activision
for Bunji Bunji and nothing they could
do other than just you know completely
milk the fan base for all they could to
make revenues meet as far as I can
that's why you have all these all these
controversies have happened since then
because of the the unsaddle ACK of
content the the stiffness of the content
that was presented you know further and
further you're seeing cosmetics tethered
behind paywalls and in destiny and the
fan base being really unhappy with how
things are going especially going the
best news two expansions overall so um
but yeah what's really sorry okay guys
okay well so the what's notable here
though is that Activision let Bungie I
say let me musk a contract a thing here
and I'm not quite sure of the the exact
the exact specifics of how this happened
but Bungie was able to keep the the
destiny brand and IP and my my my hunch
here is that Activision let them have it
because um if I recall here destiny did
not meet their their expectations and in
terms of revenue generated across
expenses that were being spent so
they're like okay yeah it's not alright
so in translation here it's not getting
Call of Duty numbers you know you're not
giving me five hundred million dollar
opening weekend numbers um whatever you
lose new expansion or any kind of like
new product for the destiny IP so you
guys are kind of like not really giving
us what we want to have this whole
contract the first place so you're not
optimized for Activision Activision tier
money so [ __ ] y'all were out anyway then
we're gonna move on from you
damn only they weren't even happy with
it which is kind of crazy that's a that
has me really really concerned about
where act which is gonna be heading here
because it's like are they accepting you
know Call of Duty five hundred million
dollar opening weekends for all their
games from now on what other games do
they make besides like Activision
Blizzard mmm besides Call of Duty
I'm not I'm not a big I'm not a
Activision fan at all so I have I forget
what else they a besides the Blizzard
properties and Call of Duty like I don't
even remember anymore
Jesus I just like Google that Activision
Games
I see call of duty black ops for destiny
call of duty black ops call of duty call
duty World War 2 destiny - call of duty
ok they must they must do some other
games Oh
Skylanders imagine aters you know and
Skylanders was [ __ ] huge I hadn't a
way blessed are you being real am I
being real oh I just I've never heard
that game in my entire life what it was
it's actually funny cuz I was gonna tell
you this little story here I went down a
having not been in a game stop or a
Walmart gaming aisle in a long-ass time
I think in 2014 2015 I went down there
and it was like half the aisle with
Skylanders it was actually crazy it was
like a quarter amiibo half of it was
Skylanders figures everywhere it was
Skylanders was I don't know if it was
very popular or they just like pay to
have like a [ __ ] ton of shelf space and
all the gaming stores but yeah
Skylanders was [ __ ] everywhere dude
for a long time dude okay it's slight
derail just a little on the other track
a little bit to roll a light beer able
to kill one share some instead of five
okay
do you remember [ __ ] I remember they
were called like you had these things
where you had like a little like a
little like platform and you would put
like a ferry person on it and then you
pull a string and it would cause him to
spin around and then they would like fly
through the air was it was it a figure
it was a little like gum like look like
a mini drone thing it was like a figure
kind of what am I talking about can
someone remember someone tell me not
ventilate oh no guys come on I know I'm
not the only person that had this well
Destin were they called sky dancers does
that sound like a thing like I mean you
know my my generation Z ass dude I don't
even I don't even I'll even play with
toys toys their arcade for [ __ ]
toddlers dude I'm I'm eight years old
now I mean I got an iPad Pro and I'm
[ __ ] out here getting [ __ ] done dude
I don't play with toys man well just
[ __ ] chill dude don't
now but uh I'm not gonna move I'm afraid
okay never mom and well cuz I don't know
if like the sky oh my god they're called
they are called wait what was the name
of this game um Skylanders okay they
were called sky dancers someone's gonna
play it I'm playing a commercial it's
relevant to what we're talking about
okay hold on go for it play it
[Music]
pretty dresses pull their magic star in
the twirl and flying sky dancers Dahlan
dollars larger sets keep still
separately you never had any of these do
it you had these okay I'm sorry but what
I would do
his Howard Howard Howard get [ __ ]
scotch tape and I would tape him down to
the thing and then I would pull them and
I go wrong room and they'd like peace
slash and everything and I chase my
sister like it's a chainsaw oh my god
because you want you to start pulling
him they were like [ __ ] spin around
like a [ __ ] right like okay
nevermind I'm sorry I didn't know if
anyone else have this experience I'm
sorry anyway but child only child so I
didn't have this whole like another
another sibling the torment with my lift
or the toys as a kid
sadly okay alright anyway yeah Bungie
leaving aggregate what do you think this
means to feed your destiny you think
it's gonna like significantly change
well the ball is really in this in a
bungees court here now that there's no
longer the mandates provided by
Activision's like ridiculous
expectations for money money money money
money I I could see it more I could see
Bungie going a much more pro
pro-consumer direction and just be less
invasive with the DLC and the
monetization options so you could see
destiny finally get no get better I mean
there's not you know the expectations
right now are pretty low in the first
place so you know them turning around
would be would be a very welcome thing
that the the news of them separated math
division was met from the staff of
Bungie with a code here camp a champagne
bottles being popped and everyone with
celebratory gasps and cheering shows
that the the workplace culture was you
know understandably pretty toxic and and
and terrible there huh so I can see them
going in a better direction but the same
time now I do worry because if I were
correctly there was there were some
departures made some some notable
positions at Bungie were notable
individuals who made Bunji Bunji left
over the last eight years so I'm
wondering you know are the remnants of
Bungie still can they still pull
together and and and do good because now
there's like full accountability on
their end they if if that thing still
sucks
according to the master section here it
still sucks after this point you know if
[ __ ] Bethesda Studios acquired like
Bungie after those three made I'd like
the [ __ ] fallout engine oh dude
Howard why I gave this for the [ __ ]
walls holy [ __ ] to be fair I say that as
an insult but Bethesda Studios did
publish the dude the doom game they
didn't they didn't create the game but
they published doom and that game was
[ __ ] sick so okay I'll give Bethesda
Prize much as I [ __ ] hate that
companies uh as a game designer as a
publisher they did do him real well so
yeah yeah I've heard nothing but good
things about doom 2016 mm-hmm are you
gonna play the new one I can I'm taking
it you didn't play the old one no no I
actually do want to play doom doom 2016
I want to play that one soon and I also
do want to play the new one as well you
should play that it's it's a fun game
it's good it's so good it's so good it's
really good it's like what it's so
underrated it's really really really
good or not it's not underrated people
said it was amazing it was amazing it's
totally [ __ ] would you like it yeah
no go for me dick ride I do not I love
it I definitely I've heard nothing but
great things about it I've heard by even
like game of the year for some people
yeah it did a did a IP resurrection the
best way possible stayed stayed to its
core and and implemented and then and
then did some just great um but yeah I
know uh yeah I'm both concerned I'm
hoping that Bungie can pull through and
like and do some good and show and show
the power of like you know just you know
because if bunch of fools doing does
well it'll me Activision look really
really bad one to activision needs to
get the [ __ ] together because they have
this incredibly uh me it's a very
troubling
it's kind of unsustainability of modern
triple-a gaming now or just like that
you know just
more more more more and more gotta be
last year's a gotta be last year's
revenue targets at all costs and just
comes to get further and further into
anti-consumer practices over and over
again you know every year like their
stock price fell by like [ __ ] 50
percent over the past few months like a
holy [ __ ] that company has lost so much
value yeah yeah so it's uh it's looking
troubling man so I'm concerned for both
of them I wish them both well I wish I
wish Bungie luck i division co [ __ ]
burn in hell I don't even care anymore
so we'll see how that goes but it does
kind of segue into a the minor thing
here about the fact that speaking of
incompetent big publishers ei cancelled
open-world Star Wars game they don't
care about this but not here at the UH
so um you know ei who was in the hot
seat in 2017 for battle battlefront to
being a monetized [ __ ] disaster
if you recall it was pretty much a pay
to win game but it was tethered behind a
$20
oh this was the one where they made that
hilarious [ __ ] comment when when you
realized you had to play the game for
like it's like a little bit longer I
think than the heat death of the
University like unlock Darth Vader or
some [ __ ] and when people like hey this
is some [ __ ] why is it so expensive
to just play like these main characters
and then make one under the forms like
we want our players to have a sense of
achievement when they unlock characters
there's some [ __ ] like that right pride
in a college yeah why don't that was a
particular comment here but one that
they made a comment on behalf of the EA
company officially on some reddit
involving being mad and it was the most
downloaded common history of reddit yeah
because it was such it was such glaring
[ __ ] dude it was actually [ __ ]
terrible yeah a sense of accomplishment
and it's like and if someone did the
math and if you'd if you don't buy any
any kind of like monetization in the
game in order to play I think it was Han
Solo or Darth Vader you'd have to play
for was it like 50 hours I want to say
to finally play them yeah with some it
was for characters that you would
probably expect to be in the game the
full comment was the intent is to
provide players with a sense of pride
and accomplishment for unlocking
different heroes
and then there's a little bit more like
random [ __ ] but yeah holy [ __ ]
yeah that's a [ __ ] show so yeah so what
happened here is a EI cancels little
more Star Wars game now you guys might
be familiar here with an earlier game
called 1313 that is not this this is a
different game actually this is another
yet another cool cool idea for Star Wars
gaming that got scrapped it was
apparently one of the last the last
remnants of assets that were being
produced by the knack and visceral
studios and so now nothing remains I'm
from what whenever they were produced
yeah it's a really unfortunate you have
here there's gonna be an open world game
it it to be fair was in pre-production
or or something to that note here but
yeah a fish illegit scrapped there were
no layoffs done due to the scrapping but
just shows another you know another
unfortunate I would say probably
mismanagement on EA's in so you've seen
even prior to this news right here
you've you've heard for campaigns to
like have Disney strip the the Star Wars
IP away from EA because right now
Electronic Arts has the exclusive rights
to make games for Star Wars from but in
people are saying you know that they you
know the people who like Star Wars is a
universe you'd love to see you know some
of that you know oh gee Battlefront to
swag and you know give it to a competent
cup it's not gonna that's not gonna
nickel-and-dime and do some of the gross
things the EA has done with the
battlefront and battlefront 2 since and
give it to a better developer or a more
competent publisher
oh yeah this is a little bit you know
instead you know tether in the incompass
of EA to the incompetence of activision
so this is like a total shot in the dark
I wonder if the cancellation in that
game has anything to do with like the
movie culture around it right now it way
as well right with all remember all the
Star Wars movies that got canceled
because Solo was kind of a flop and he
add the bought the the Boba Fett husband
and I forgot what the other one was
obi-wan yeah yeah obi-wan spin-off yeah
it's possible these aren't related at
all they're they don't care about and it
could have been all just like a creation
or whatever but you know yeah I don't
know I really can't say until we I I
mean the thing I want look at here for
you there is there's a really troubling
graph of of game development studios
that were acquired by EA and then shut
down it's actually a pattern they do
they've done this an alarmingly high
amount of times here if I could find
sporty-er uh-huh
game dev Studios shut down by yay
there's a couple quick here oh my god
why is my internet slowing down so much
here yeah here we go so uh mato it in
the discord trap for Europe but you can
show this year
bullfrog productions origin systems
mythic entertainment pandemic studios I
remember them wait what do they make I
feel like I recognize that name pandemic
studios they they made we have here I
recognize her they're a little actually
they made oh it's it's poor no Jeremy
ran 2008 the completed engine sixty
million dollar buyout and they make for
both Bioware and pandemic and and
pandemic
oh that's max last less than two years
closing in 2009 and the previous
projects included a lord of rings
conquest got Chuck and airman I don't
know why I just feel like you know yeah
recognize a little too actually but um
yeah freaking waste own games Westwood
Studios chakra chakra Bioware Montreal
black box oh and of course in a course
Maxis which was a which you know we
recall here 2013 SimCity happened which
was a another [ __ ] show by EA as well
just a lot of this a lot is a lot of
incompetent so yeah they have a
troubling history for sure and anything
all ties together here at the whole
bunch of you can have the vision so
we'll see where things go here I'm kind
of curious if this is like a one-time
thing or if more Studios would do this I
really wish I knew more about the
details I got really wish I knew if
Activision like let Bungie keep the IP
or if like they like both parties wanted
out of the contract goes
bleeding them of an optimal results and
um and they're like the yeah sure you're
taking a woman care I don't know it
seems super crazy to me
so kind of wondering that our Wharf
bunch of just bought it someone had
chefs at Bungie bought it I believe but
um yeah I don't know any of the diesel
so this I don't like other cyclisation
so so but yeah that's the UH that is the
entirety of what I got for you for is a
bunch of leaving a fission goes maybe
like maybe one day we can have like some
some dude on here and talk about it
further
I haven't played haven't played a
destiny um but I can just tell you I'm
really really hopeful for um
I won the pullthru minnows I'm a huge
Halo fan so I'd love to see uh what one
I want heal infants not suck and into
I'm really opened that um you know if
there's enough of core Bungie here they
can make him pull together it's like
Master Chief still part of hey lowers
did he leave in some other Hale okay no
he's still there and then not only that
too but like you know also wonder you're
these these hallowed game development
studios like you know like we look at
things like the modern iteration of
Infinity Ward and I'm wondering like how
many of the like how much of the staff
they're still like anyone from like mw2
or mw1 you know I'm wondering like this
is X that come we still have the the
clout that it did before as far as like
the staffing that makes that company's
culture what it did to put out such
great gaming at its time so so you'll
have to see but yeah that's the topic I
have for you there and then uh what's I
want to my right now that we uh we're
doing this one hour and thirty minutes
we're at a perfect time to take some
beautiful questions from reddit mm-hmm
okay okay let's see here so did you see
anything and what's the most high school
one here say most most oh my god most
highest voted I'm terrible right now
you're [ __ ] up again yeah well yeah I
caught that one though it's different
like a that's a self-inflicted gunshot
wound there's some pretty some pretty
light ones here actually riled starless
awful one what place do you both want to
visit something specific you want to do
before you die
but what about what's like the biggest
place you've wanted a visit is there one
you want to that you haven't well
actually haven't gone international
before ever so I definitely want to go
to Japan on my big own weight to be the
bleep to never like you know just go to
Tokyo and run up and down Akihabara
so I definitely wanna do that at some
point um that comes to mind I mean I
also want to go to Kyoto as well and
visit there I want to see like I want to
say all I want to see like all of Japan
not just like the the hostel bustle the
city boss wanted to see the the
countryside too if I if I if I may just
like be immerse in the humidity and the
nature and all that maybe a sick time
mostly because also I um you know even
going somewhere like Hawaii for me in
2013 was a pretty it was a pretty
drawing experience because I had never
you know being out here in the mainland
compared to going out there like they
have a huge thing about keeping Hawaii
beautiful and and preserving nature and
there's a lot of segments in Hawaii
where they they ban outdoor billboards
or any kind of like signage like that so
you just have like nature uninterrupted
or undisturbed and it really puts me off
I'm like wow dude wow there's this is
like some scenic wallpaper material
vistas right now and it's like and then
you can see you know some some obnoxious
like lawyer billboard you know in the
middle there you know it hey got a car
accident called me [ __ ] and you know
that would like take you out a little
bit there but there was nothing it was
just beauty and I'm like I want to see
more this makes me actually really happy
in a very unexpected way I want to see
morbus kind of [ __ ] so I don't know this
is true like in all countries but I've
had people from I think Sweden tell me
that that when they were in the United
States they were very [ __ ] off-put by
how aggressive all the advertising is
here I don't know if that culture
doesn't exist in the same way in other
countries I mean it's hard for me to
even read you know ads if that's like a
different thing in the US but I've heard
that complaint from a few different
people that when you come to America the
advertising is very [ __ ] aggressive
compared to the rest of the world or the
rest of the Western world elaine's yeah
yeah I mean even for me even when I'm at
a Times Square I was like holy [ __ ] dude
there is like I feel like it's legit
like just like so much distraction from
even trying to drive safely
driving like around that area it's like
[ __ ] hell dude can't see a goddamn
thing
yeah say thank for Vegas - I'm going to
the strip I was like I mean I get which
kind of do right there but like yeah
there's like there's there are some LED
billboards that are so [ __ ] bright
that it you are forced to look at him
when you're driving past it mm-hmm it
seems kind of kind of unsafe but uh yeah
so go into the national parks going to
Japan definitely I mean this is a lot of
so it won't visit in particular there's
a I'll give you the probable most out
there one this is more like a bucket
list but there's a documentary I saw on
Netflix called happy may have heard of
it it's a really really cool documentary
and and it they go over this one country
I should notice ahead of time when I
don't they go over this one country that
rabbit and measuring gross revenue
generated by the by the country they go
over like gross happiness of the people
they they prioritize that over like any
kind of you know me whatever in yeah
so they up and I forgot what the country
was called though but they had some
pretty cool things I had a lot of rules
that was a I say it both on yeah I'm
sure how you pronounce it but okay but
yeah they uh yeah dude I look into dude
it's it was really really cool they have
like they had a bunch of crazy rules
where they they only allow the X places
must have a X must have like Y percent
of unpreserved or like undisturbed
nature there was like all kinds of
things are tulear like they they didn't
want to make it to another like they
don't want any kind of like concrete
jungles anything like that there was
ever gonna be any crazy economic
development they wanted to keep it like
I guess humble in a way so yeah Gross
National Happiness for sure but yeah
that's the UH that comes to mind and
maybe more from there but that's that's
that's already like a pretty big let's
start from it there I gotta go to I got
a you know freakin do an EU trip I gotta
go to got a go to cue got a go to when
you go to a gym Berlin you can do it
right you're definitely doing that right
yeah maybe maybe I got a the only thing
is a honestly actually no you're I
probably can't actually I can tell you
that
well I could tell you why um well we got
the news about the you know I'm a big
you I'm a big Yoshi guy I got I got
popped off of playing uh Yoshi's Island
for speedrunning and the new Yoshi game
comes out March 28th on switch so I I
gotta be here to put on for my for my
front people man I got a deliver like
you know just like how just like how you
you know your name is destiny you're you
you have to play destiny three when it
drops from Bungie so I have to play
yoshi island or Yoshi's crafted world
will come balance which gotcha so okay
makes sense
then okay excuse I guess so
so yeah we'll see though we'll see we
got here Oh whoo I just went thoughts on
the teacher striking in Los Angeles
that's that that's uh yeah it's
happening your backyard right now did
you have you see anything about this s
oh I actually just this morning driving
to the Jesse Lee Peterson thing I saw
the UM
yeah this teachers on the side of the
road protesting protesting for our
students or whatever yeah do you know
what the conditions were for their
protesting for like it's a pay wage or
is it like um I have no heart and II
actually yeah okay I didn't I know of it
y'all but I didn't I need to look into
what they were advocating for I don't
know if it's separate from the the other
strikes that happened earlier last year
where there was like a pay wage going on
and they wanted like if I recall
correctly the other teacher strikes were
wanting um they wanted there hadn't been
a pay increase in ten years for the
teachers which was separate from the
superintendent's in the higher level
staff so it's already looking calm you
know kind of kind of questioning right
there but they wanted they wanted a pay
increase and they wanted to tether to
inflation or something like that that
way was like no solving done people are
saying that the class size is right now
in California are forty five to fifty
students per class are you sure that
sounds [ __ ] insane dude that's not
even assignment clapping it's a [ __ ]
that's an auditorium that's like a
college intro class that's like a gen ed
course oh [ __ ] oh my god that reminds me
of whenever I'm sorry another anecdote
here but whenever in Louisiana when the
economic crash happened in 2008 and the
the budget for the state went out of
control
and they had to layoff a [ __ ] ton of
staff and the students eyes went from
like 22 average to 30 33 35 average / /
/ cut for a student our poor class I'm
sorry and so that meant like what that
really means no to illustrate that was
at the classroom you know had let's say
like you know maybe 25 desks total let
me get it like throw in another table
like you know and just hat or like a
bench and people had just like you know
use part of the bench as a table
effectively - like right on the the
worksheets or the papers or whatever it
was just it's super duper scuff dude
[ __ ] hell yeah that sounds really I
can't even imagine you know 45 to 50
that is how do you conduct order in that
kinda classroom you know get the you
know let's call me about the bottom 20%
the class is just gonna like not give a
[ __ ] and be on their phones bali phones
weren't even a thing whenever I was in
high school or that until senior year at
least I can't even imagine you know you
know 50 student size classrooms now with
cell phones like good [ __ ] luck dude
good luck getting anything done that
kind of class yeah yeah that's crazy to
him oh look next time we can go over it
breaks it a little bit because that [ __ ]
got [ __ ] recently yeah that they're
those noobs by that's morning - wasn't
there yeah I think basically they voted
on Teresa Mays deal got [ __ ] so it's
looking like a no deal brexit but they
made it a vote of no-confidence I think
so now people are wondering if they're
gonna still find a way to cancel brexit
to get rid of I think it's article 15
make it so they don't actually brags it
it's right it's like a whole oh way may
want her no confidence about oh she
survived sorry yeah holy [ __ ] there's
just like so many [ __ ] dreams right
now a god damn but you know who the [ __ ]
knows okay do you have any other final
memes I'm gonna die so we play we might
have known so short I [ __ ] have
[ __ ] myself so hard
nah dude I know we can in here actually
any final names or any other questions
any big things you wanted to go over
real quick um I'm trying to think here
that I I think I cover everything I
wanted to actually
other than [ __ ] I'm trying to I'm trying
to see was there anything else
it was like um those like actually one
more kind of kind of good question but I
mean it's cuz it's kind of opening it
here but I was go ahead go out for you
if you say it's like and well it's too
happy we'll do it next time which one it
was a reddit question yeah well do you
think the health of our country might
greatly improve in the near future due
to people losing faith in the publican
party um no I mean these people are
still here and they're still gonna be
here after Trump is gone I don't know I
mean well known in two to four years I
guess how things look what the scary
part is whether or not um whether or not
the landscape has changed permanently
due to Trump being here like maybe that
Trump style of speaking in that style of
rhetoric and that populist [ __ ]
maybe people will continue to push that
afterwards and it'll still be popular
and if that's like a lasting stay of
American politics it's gonna be like his
permanent cancerous mark left on us you
know yeah yes it was that it's all we
can covers next week tune baby detail
here and you had a you got we got some
we got some early contenders who were
admitting who or who are running in here
we didn't even cover the fact that that
Tulsi Gabbard and Elizabeth Warren or
both almost going in there right I
thought Elizabeth one was still just
exploratory committee deed do you
believe explored with me it's not gonna
be bringing into the ring yeah don't if
the exploratory committee gives you like
[ __ ] results don't you not run usually
or I could be wrong maybe [ __ ] I guess
that it that is true but usually when I
hear it I'm like okay and like but to me
it seems like you're famous is getting
riled up and I didn't get it ready for
it I I super doubt she wouldn't run at
this point sure yeah we could talk about
those two in bigger detail there was a
pretty funny thing I saw uh let me see
here who else is there
now I was by that really I am a now do
you actually I want to keep any further
do I imagine your brain so so super
fried from from talking to they know
knife married not everything do it was
only one thing it's live reason okay
yeah [ __ ] from the superior the
superior alpha male himself man like
dude just just like
just give up run man you got to admit
you got to come out of Texas go to the
super church and just like and you can
just give in to accept you as Lord and
Savior and understand that even you can
be saved destiny what's the name of the
what's name of the churches or it's like
the more you money you donate the holy
you are there's a name for it it is is
there a name for it I don't I don't know
personally I forget the guy whoever the
guy was who has like the the Superdome
and in Texas he uh
I remember those like there was like
some bad weather there like late last
year and he like was ridiculed for not
opening his doors to church for those
who would need shelter and finally today
you got Rosalie opened the doors for him
but all the prosperity gospel is a
prosperity gospel I've also been looking
at us here to said church why we've ever
seen the inside of it's actually insane
it's like [ __ ] like like a like a
arena Superdome those mega churches are
[ __ ] crazy yeah that are crazy and I
didn't know that it costs money to uh I
thought like they would just open the
attendants and you know they just like
you know they would like really Shane me
if you didn't give him like a [ __ ] ton
of money like you know like 50 50 bucks
move for the first Sunday service or
whatever but III remember hearing that
the reading that tickets for like a
decent seat or upwards of like joinder
dollars a piece like it's like it's like
a legit like I like a concert mic like
if you want like front row it's like
four grand to get to get that seat and
it's regularly sold out it's actually
insane dude like I'd look off to get
some citation for you to look further
into it but I was blown away when I
heard that numbers were like that like
that number is like coasts around 200
for a seat and four grand for front row
yeah pretty [ __ ] crazy that whole
church business is insane as [ __ ]
Kenneth Copeland there's like a bunch of
these like huge guys that are like
[ __ ] crazy
[Music]
yeah but nah we can we can wrap up here
man I I have no other memes I tip my my
II Fedora to you destiny you have one
today is a correct athan I'm asking that
a pity one not even a good one versus
your like strong two so Wow
your brain is bigger your your the if
you're not an alpha male because Jessica
Peterson said otherwise but you are
definitely you have cut me
I am the beta's
which is pretty pretty pathetic on my
end so I'm gonna go ahead and go you
know to muscly roots now he tried it and
tried to alpha as hard as I can
what can uh would anything you wanna
shut out where can people find you
what's up yeah y'all can find me on
Twitter TV slash trihex um I'm gonna be
going live a bit later today I I'm
actually I finally have acquired some
some YouTube editing partner so I have
videos cued up starting now and they
will be going live starting in February
so my YouTube will no longer be
irrelevant so look forward to that I am
gonna be playing through Kingdom Hearts
I'm gonna be playing through a resin
even that comes out when we playing kh3
I'm going to Genesis six I'll be
competing in Smash Brothers at that
tournament and pretty excited for that
and I got much more coming up between
now and then so I look forward to seeing
y'all there destiny I'm a big fan as
always so I I look forward to your boys
gonna come to come through and they're
gonna like beg me to react to everything
apparently I've got a watch that just
leap unison debate so I'll be doing that
cuz I look good right cuz I'm actually
familiar
I actually know just Lee Peterson is and
I have I've even watched the David
Pakman appearance episode on disappears
in show and it was it was quite a [ __ ]
show dude it was it was [ __ ] memes
dude so I'm gonna see if you get can you
top his episode do cuz it was like that
was a [ __ ] train wreck I mean it's
pretty dumb it's not like yeah it's not
gonna be good at all
well we'll see you then yeah that's
that's me though so I'll look for single
then yeah and then also hold on it was
instagram.com slash trihex yeah oh yeah
and the IG is hot now you can follow me
and destiny on Instagram
there you go yeah and you can even tell
me what you want to see cuz actually I'm
a complete IG noob so I don't know what
to put on there so people told me they
want they want Jim pic so I started
doing some Jim pics so you got some
hitting there and backseat me like you
do in the twitch chat and tell me what
the [ __ ] you want me to do and I'll do
it
alright so [ __ ] sick
all right well hey thanks for joining me
we'll be back next week guys I won't be
as tired next time sorry I don't stand
up way too late for this I think I'll be
back next time I'm probably going on up
I'm gonna take like a week or two trip
to [ __ ] New Zealand and about a week
or two so yeah that'll be fun I'll do my
first like set of like big IRL streams
that'll be interesting [ __ ] um where did
this come from that's a big announcement
sometimes I just like to travel is that
is that a [ __ ] problem he [ __ ]
judging me no sir I just feel like I I
feel like you know for like a power
couple I you would you would tell me
this in private before it was like when
you were considering it and I just told
you you heard it about five seconds
before they did because of the stream
delay so alright well okay alright then
alright well hey have fun be careful
yeah and then I will see you next week
and I'll see you are you beautiful
people next week as well alright
join us then guys peace out all right
later y'all
