how you doing good have you been um good
good someone thought you died well I was
replaced by a younger female version of
me wait he talking about milena okay
okay
he doesn't even deny it it's pretty
accurate
you guys should cringe together I can't
imagine how much [ __ ] cringe that
would be yeah that's why I go on I your
new kuhmo character it's the best one
you've ever met it just okay can you
please not try to lock me oh my god why
would you do that I will kill you I will
no no well I don't care listen I don't
care because I don't care what chess
says I'll [ __ ] kill you okay you know
how close I was they're putting a
[ __ ] arrow in little Bobby's [ __ ]
face I was so good to do it two times
but I was just gonna pick my crossbow up
and do it and I was like the weak don't
deserve to survive or something edgy
she'll like that I was so ready to do it
again I won't lock him I'm happy with
you film long time since I got the rap
chat um my skills they've improved and
my moon
it's this is the interlude interlude
damn mr. Mouton breaking out those
complicated rap schemes it's like I'm no
longer allergic to you your raps are
like anti histamines album dude this
fiber is so good I love AT&T
I'm just casually down letting this game
at 650 megabits per second holy [ __ ]
like all download risk of rain in a sec
I just need to quickly grab this 20
gigabyte game in like two minutes holy
[ __ ] it's so good I haven't had a single
[ __ ] internet problem here god oh my
god that's to me a megabit is not a
megabyte wait what do you mean and make
a bid is just her megabyte is just eight
make up bids no okay head uh something
to me mr. moon there yeah make it big
this dick on your Jim yeah we [ __ ] it
look at his ass look at him he's smiling
isn't he oh yeah we got him boys food
farming the dykes yeah yeah brother
oh yeah
hi DMCA like three or four different
[ __ ] videos that keemstar put on
Twitter
[ __ ] feels good man [ __ ] him I don't I
wonder how many you have to DMCA to get
like a Twitter account shut down if I
got king size Twitter shut down that
would be [ __ ] the funniest [ __ ]
[ __ ] in the world after China is trying
to get me banned from [ __ ] twitch
hardest difficulty if you play less than
artists I'm leaving and I'm gonna ban
you from my channel okay okay what do I
do
hold I want to get a Red Bull easy there
champ
I think he'll notice a face father bag
all right we're swapping it back home to
home boys just Pepe laughs but put the
difficulty back oh and then you'll find
like chess and stuff on the ground that
you have to spend money to like use oh
so you're already running ahead and
getting all the good [ __ ] well I don't
have that much money I can only afford
one such a [ __ ] [ __ ] or a scarf or a
piece of [ __ ] I actually legit [ __ ]
hate you
oh hello ki Torino how is your day then
they have a nice stream mr. moon comes
like you [ __ ] [ __ ] what the [ __ ] are
you doing you [ __ ] idiot okay heels
don't ever act like kateryna's here cuz
that made me really excited a guy there
so yeah gonna have a friend here to play
against it Oh
open chest he said I am feels more
damage to help the enemy haha nice meme
what's this one do heal all nearby
allies [ __ ] dad how do I get rid of
items I'm killing the [ __ ] in there now
no we're getting mr. moon room just
should wait oh my god you could fall off
the level
yes you fall off the lower oh wait I
just okay I don't think I can good okay
wait I bet I have full life in there I'm
at I'll be fine what does my someone
even doing right now look at him like
it's gonna have you play this game oh my
god I'm actually creating right now oh
my god
alright go one more time I'm ready now
no no no wait wait wait wait hurry I'm
like said their difficulty so they
definitely know we invite me again don't
steal my item I'll kill you Oh
and I guess I'm making a trip to LA boys
in a video game
waiter get Leslie we got to go to Colin
Wayne radio pal and Steve I can't ready
out why cuz it's on the medium
difficulty oh my god ready
are you asking me don't say that that's
racist what
no it's why you acting the [ __ ] are you
doing what do you mean okay listen to
out of rap okay no oh so you listen to a
lot of rap sit now that's what you can
say oh my god I listen to white rappers
they say that so yes I can I don't think
so yeah name four white rappers go
Eminem soul Khan I don't who's that one
guy that everyone tells me the really
shitty rapper that's like who's the one
who's the guy that feel like listen to
this guy and he's always oh I'll go on
is one who is this [ __ ] rapper you guys
always probably like to do it no god I
hate him
all of his songs are like that yeah I
know and they all sound like that Oh
Aesop Rock that one [ __ ] Christ
any time your British accent am I gonna
lie I just assumed this is so easy now
this is so boring which in a roll no its
nest [ __ ] falling asleep oh my god
I'm pretty sure the only difference
between difficulties is that the top
right the difficulty gets harder faster
pretty sure the very differences that
I'm sorry about falling asleep now I'm
Kareem Joey's in this game is I thought
this game is supposed to be a challenge
you put thousands of people to sleep a
day ok chill out nice job mr. Burt
sounds like good point you played league
daily boys actually good morning Lily
how you doing ok thank you please pick
up I did pick up one how many did you
pick up see who I absolutely picked up
to because they spawn on what anything
there he's not apologizing sincerely he
just does it cuz he gets in a peer
pressure because he's pathetic as [ __ ]
what is your problem
Kate damaged everybody else to double it
ok that's because I died listen just try
it just try just try one time on heart
ok and I won't die this time I know it
is I know it's right Lily's right it's
not fun or normal just try it one time
on heart okay and then we're good you're
basically just like praying for good
items I just want to get my blood trying
to please get away from me oh my god
tell us a joke Steve mr. Mertle thanks I
got a joke you wanna get yeah alright so
a mushroom goes to a bar and they won't
let him in and he says why I'm a fun guy
I did one for 45 minutes I need for an
hour and 45 minutes I have to know he
has a stroke
wait are we different
what yes we're ready I start we're
getting we're allowing Lily to play Lily
play the goddamn game Steve a friend of
mine told me that they were thinking
about adding some sort of resting in a
future bill because it really feels bad
when you got that would be quiet I have
had plenty of games where I die and but
you're late ten minutes I don't manage
that much I mean Lily plays lead guitar
anyway in she's used to being dependable
ooh sorry I've done cool I don't think
you go there though bullying anybody I
can starting right now ready okay okay
24 hours boy hey that means you're gonna
be on the stream for like five more
minutes go he's just not gonna dog
anymore I'm gonna say right now yeah I
mean he's gonna try I mean I'm really
good the guys are hit the hit the geyser
see the geyser look anyway oh just say
you never mind wait how many I'll give
you a [ __ ] there it is
that's back into that right there your
cue has no effect you're not gonna sell
a thing right here not that nope that
was not the thing no it's we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna learn right
right right right right right yes yes
that right there wait I did it right oh
my god I hate the Sun it's too easy this
is so boring how do I get back up there
this thing oh I get some Peppe laughs in
chat for how [ __ ] mad these guys are
right now
do you like the robot guy Kyle oh I have
honestly never played I've never played
the robot guy
I recommend the robot my guy is really
good because he's really good for new
players so I'd recommend you can you
stop lying he can't
wait I think Lilly and I play more video
games and you and Steve do now then you
and the League of Legends game no does
anyone else it was like so excited and
you already failed the no bully
challenge excuse Steve don't get hit by
the laser
you take fall damage in this game yeah
talking about the other day four seconds
ago okay I just have different proc
rates on their attacks actually no I
cannot bully somebody for a whole thing
right so randomly the shrines or chance
to stop working well you know it's just
like subscribers yeah okay so like
randomly they stop working right like
randomly okay thank you so all of you
are wrong after two items thank you guys
thank you well it it literally is random
because there's not a 100 chance you get
an item every time you pull it so you
could pull it 10 times every two item
yeah that's rent because the items table
randomly that makes a million that is
plant oh my god
I'm cringing right now we're playing
drizzle this time I've never played this
one before Bissell is actually really
cool it's a lot like please please God
you have to understand what's gonna
what's gonna mess you up also when these
things do they suck everything in your
very close
run away shift let me shift throw away
cuz via the mushrooms were like not
useful at all on anyone but the engineer
and on the engineer they're like yeah
there's the other guys here ya know I
normally like five you don't know let's
play with engine so oh thank god we have
the portal I guess I'm rockin the portal
you ready for communism actually I would
have had it I knew I should have clicked
it I knew I should have said [ __ ]
everybody I'm gonna go click it don't
like him at all it's okay like read the
next level stupid Steve why is this
thing green oh you picked the [ __ ]
dump
well hey what I marked this and I said
I'm coming back and then he wears leave
seats
those are leaves - why do they grow mr.
Mergen he's fuming right now
[Music]
