okay so here you go I don't know why you
give a [ __ ] about where I live but this
is my beautiful my humble abode
look we have a door Wow looks like a
prison door my saxophone we got clothes
we've got a box of stuff my other
computer
I haven't hooked that up yet let's my
streaming computer keyboard lights
here's my temporary desk how amazing
laptop countered stuff frigerators stuff
countered drawers there's a name
cupboard that's what they are you gonna
set up a new lighting system yeah my
lighting will be cool I think right now
what I'm planning is um I'm probably
going to put my desk right here
so the windows over there and then
ideally I'll have like some type of not
dress here but like what do you call
like a bookshelf something like that
here and I can put a lamp on or
something so we can get some cooler
colors going on this is kind of a boring
area but imagine the bed goes here was
our temporary bed I was gonna take this
out of the bag but I don't have a
pillowcase for it so I'm worried about
[ __ ] it out I don't know if reverb is
gonna be a deal a big deal once I have
my PC set up because the microphone only
catches like pretty close noises so I
can't say mind if I imagine why I sent
my computer up top and then we played
League oh how long before we end it all
boys oh if we got a good tactical
position if somebody breaks in except we
have no guns here but this little piece
of [ __ ] that thing cost me 200 [ __ ]
dollars that is my hot spot that I've
been using $200 then I paid $75 and I
get her Nam so I get 15 gigs of Internet
I thought I had like a little balcony
which would have been cured to do like
emails on but I guess it's just like if
you want to kill yourself you just this
face kind of [ __ ] but if you go all the
way to the top of the building the view
is pretty cute
I guess you can see like mountains and
[ __ ] back now you care how much is this
loft I think it's about twenty six fifty
a month yeah I think it's totally
[ __ ] worth it though holy [ __ ] oh
here you go bathroom oh you guys don't
even know why it's cool actually hold on
ah [ __ ] it I think we can do it time
frame how long you gonna be here this
lease is for ten months
and then I don't know I'll see how I
feel living every ten months you
planning on screwing in the kitchen yeah
a setup is probably going to be right
back there
like my computer [ __ ] everything I read
about the neighbors
mom I have anybody okay supposedly I
only have one neighbor and they're in
that direction that's what the lady told
me I don't think I have a neighbor above
me I don't know about below
I don't like stomp a lot though why are
you screaming tenant cuz I'm [ __ ]
bawling that's why that's it I think my
internet Charlie gonna die in the
elevator but okay this is why this place
is [ __ ] sick as [ __ ] okay holy [ __ ]
so I can just like go downstairs and
like this is like and I'm like look I'm
in like a real city how close is the
nearest Starbucks yeah so there's like
all this [ __ ] like right across the
streets we got Chipotle in my building
it's like a million different food
places of [ __ ] I actually see you I
guess they can go to eat up starving
having it all tonight I love Asian
people because they disrespect our
holidays so much so like anytime you
need food in is a holiday just find a
[ __ ] Asian place and they'll always be
serving food it's [ __ ] sick as [ __ ]
okay what do we want guys I usually just
eat these things these things are so
good oh my god okay small chicken
chicken chicken
what is tosh.o I should know this is
that pork or chicken is chicken chicken
breast lots of chicken all right sounds
good our cables ain't corn is not a
vegetable wait what are these backwards
way do people actually eat with this
part no way right here if you guys ever
go out chopsticks are really really easy
okay you just put it one of them like
you're writing right make sure that it's
rooted or seated firmly in your hand
then all you do is you just stick
another one up here and then you like
grab it with your fingers
like that kind of you only ever move one
chopstick only one ever Mose don't try
to move like both of them because I
don't get like real dumb real quick as
long as you're keeping one stationary
and you're moving the other you'll be
good to go do this think I should cut my
hair should we just be crazy like this I
think it's I think it's kind of me I
don't know if you guys can see the same
if you say
Mimi's name Mimi you think she actually
gets so mad she would run across the
room the hard instrument to learn as an
experienced musician any orange all the
lines are really hard to learn and I say
all the string instruments are pretty
hard to learn too when I say hard to
learn what I mean isn't like to takes
you a really long time to be able to
sound good
what about bite wound I mean violin is
hard to sound okay is well but like
perforins you literally have to be like
a college-level player to be able to
play a horn and accompany them sound
good it's really really really hard any
way of learning electric guitar over
acoustic I think you can do I think
electric guitars way way way more you
can do like there's nothing you can't
really do like the scope so vibrato on a
tickets are I mean you can but you can
also do if I brought it on a clarinet
but not really you know I just think the
melodies you can produce on an electric
guitar really really really good ok
people like spamming in the chat like
real dumb right now okay everybody
[ __ ] calm down okay when I say I
don't need a teacher what I mean is that
I've studied up music to know what I
need to learn and I don't think I need
to teach you to guide me along okay I
didn't say that I can I'm going to learn
with no [ __ ] resources so for all of
the people that are [ __ ] sperg in the
[ __ ] out and chat typically when you
learn a new instrument it's very
important that you go by established
training materials because something you
can do when you learn a new thing so you
learn things incorrectly because it
works at a very low level but then what
happens is is that as you progress
you're gonna hit a roadblock and you're
like oh hey this thing that I learned
incorrectly is kind of slowing me down
in which case one of two things has to
happen either one you continue to play
incorrectly you'll be permanently skill
capped you'll never get better at the
instrument or two you have to spend a
whole [ __ ] ton of time on learning
something that you already practiced so
much and then what's really probably
gonna happen is three you'll get
demotivated and quit okay so I
understand okay [ __ ] calm down I want
to school for music I'm not [ __ ]
idiot I don't actually know how to get
back to my apartment from here one of
these elevators doesn't am I allowed to
go in here I can't do it I can't do it I
got to get out oh no
have somebody kill somebody
no oh you guys hear anything on the news
was it me [ __ ] that was really [ __ ]
awkward holy [ __ ] what are you supposed
to say to people guys oh god I just hit
like seven buttons oh can I hit a button
no no I just hit it again oh I'll go to
the roof I think I have like a phobia of
heights I've never thought about it
before but it's like kind of nervous
like leaning over this or maybe that's
like normal
well let's go around earlier I think we
went down here okay I guess you can
stuff up or anything I guess oh that's
like the real hangout spot is hopping
off the roof and then going down onto
like this thing do you think we should
pick up the litter
yeah my apartment building are there
people leaving trash out what did you
buy that was so important that the whole
world had to know unbelievable
I think that's fake [ __ ] people I clean
everything else
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] guys nope that's
real not real [ __ ] got it ha ha ha nice
meme dude ice nice meme nice meme nice
meme I'm reading clips in the jet Wow
we've done so much we didn't even have
to get in a car guys how's your
soundproofing um I don't know I mean not
at all it's just [ __ ] window what do
you mean
these pants are fine they match the
outfit this is awesome
oh [ __ ] God dealeth we had too much fun
there's no fun zone [ __ ] I hit the wall
guys if I [ __ ] you know I have to
repaint that oh god oh god what do I do
I ran into it with the chair oh yeah
[Music]
look at this badass [ __ ] [ __ ] dude by
a goddamned burners what does here
doorbell sound like they thought it was
their doorbell oh that was so awkward oh
my god now they hate me this carpet is
so ugly holy [ __ ] not sure what the
thought process was here the doors are
also incredibly ugly as well I'm very
confused by their by the thought process
here in a place like this you'd think
they would have gone with like wood or
something instead of like literal like
hospital janitorial looking doors very
strange
look at how energy-efficient this is if
I need to put this backpack downstairs
what did will you give me if I get it
right on the chair goddamn it
[Music]
I thought I heard someone oh god it's
all over boys okay we're good
the why should I actually like play nice
washer right Tide Pods there's a big-ass
there's a bathtub that comfortably seats
to at least in my size it does this
thing it makes me so uncomfortable I
feel like I'm actually gonna like slip
through and then just die like I'm not
even comfortable like really leaning on
this I also feel like if I do this a lot
like inevitably I'm gonna drop my phone
someday but if you want to sound like
Destin here's all the notes you need
look you only need white ones
[Music]
there you go and then when you solo you
just have to play there you go now
you're a piano player I got to be
careful cuz this thing like shows your
password it's time oh god like right
there holy [ __ ] I can't believe it just
like shows the password without hiding
it or anything get the new 4k monitor
the thing is is that 144 Hertz is so
nice I don't think I could give that up
but the 4k looked really good
cuz damn dude that 4k monitor looked so
[ __ ] good I was like zoomed out on my
oxygen not included play through it was
like noticeably different without even
I've never had that before like without
even like cuz you know like sometimes
like you plug something and you play
with it for a while like oh I didn't
even notice haha like this was like I
turned it on as like whoa this looks
amazing and like I said I thought like
maybe it's just cuz I haven't been front
of my monitors in like three or four
days but like no yeah it was insane if
you have a 1080p monitor I don't even
know what you're you're from the 4k
monitor is probably an IPS on the 1440p
is probably a TN panel [ __ ]
that is an $800 [ __ ] monitor this
right here is not a [ __ ] TN panel this
is look like a TN panel [ __ ] off
look no this is not no [ __ ] TN panel I
make way too much money buying that [ __ ]
are you serious [ __ ] TN panel get
that [ __ ] [ __ ] out of here I can't
believe you would suggest that okay are
we good I'm leaving hurry no cappuccino
Papageno have a channel mapache no deaf
Channel cappuccino Al Pachino my dudes
[Music]
