everybody I'm here with destiny we're
gonna talk about the secular case for
objective morality and I have laid out
my my argument here the reason why I
wanted to do the stream with destiny
destiny des debate debate recently with
Tom jump that we were talking about a
little bit before we got started here
Tom jump took the affirmative position
in favor of objective morality destiny
took the negative position and I just to
be clear Dustin is your position in
favor of subjective morality or just you
don't think morality can be objective I
believe more I I don't even believe
morality is a real thing so if we do
have a conversation about morality I'm
gonna say it's incredibly relative and
incredibly subjective there's gonna be
my position okay okay so I wanna I want
to lay out I know a lot of the theists
make a case for objective morality that
I don't like at all because it just
seems like that they are wanting to say
that morality is subjective so that they
can use God as an enforcement mechanism
and really morality they're not using
the word objective in the same way like
there's a scientific definition of
objective and maybe we should go into
that first the difference between
objective and subjective because I think
we will agree there I think the the
theists basically are making a case for
something I would call more like
aspirational morality like they're
basically saying that there's a
best-case way to order society to set up
a list of rules for society that is
would be the best way to do it and that
they are calling objective but I would
say it's more aspirational so they're
they're saying that this way is out
there and we're searching for it now
normally the moral subjectivist will
look around the world and say okay there
are all these different societies with
all these different moral frameworks so
therefore morality must be subjective
but I want to make the case that there
is somewhat of an aspirational morality
out there but it it is limited by
a set of rules that we can define so you
you are you are you following me or do
you want to do throw anything out there
so do you so on objective and subjective
what what are how are you defining
objective and subjective so objective I
guess in this sense I would mean like
objective means that when we talk about
morals or moral fact these are features
of the world that anybody can observe
that in that if all humanity were wiped
away they would still continue to exist
so I believe that there is some
collection of particles or matter that
make up what we call a tree a particular
tree and if all humans were to be erased
immediately that tree would still be
existent like something else could
appear and also see that tree that if
some independent third frame of
reference was there that could observe
everything that tree would still exist
but morality moral fact I would say only
exists in so far as its ideas in
people's minds so if all humanity were
wiped away morality would be wiped away
as well because morality isn't a real
thing or a feature of the world it's
just something that we talk about to
describe other things
okay so independent of human minds
basically which are yeah so we're in
total agreement there and this is where
I have a problem with the the the
theists argument for objective morality
so but would you there there are special
cases that are like emergent facts like
for instance the value of gold at any
given time we can go to a website we can
look it up there's a there's a
measurement that you and I can come to
an agreement on what the value of gold
is today correct so that is another
level of objectivity that some people
have a problem with but I would say in
order for us to talk about morality we
really need to talk about these emergent
facts which are in some ways objective
okay I mean I would say that like when
we talk about like the value of gold
what we're really talking about is that
there is some there there is some unit
of exchange that two people agree upon
to trade one object for some amount of
money right that's what when we say the
value right right
correct but that that agreed-upon value
is that's a human idea what if all
humans were wiped away
aliens couldn't combine go like oh
there's a bar of gold like it's probably
worth about 2000 USD or something right
like that value is like normally that
existent yeah this is like a value gold
is subjective the same way that like a
moral statement is subjective I would
say right so it's we can't say that it's
independent of human minds but there's
another aspect of objectivity that's
that we consider all the time it says
agreed-upon measurement like we we can
agree that the height the buildings are
objective because we're agreeing upon a
measurement system like you could
measure a building in metric you can
measure of a building in inches and feet
you there are two different systems of
measurement but the the fact that we
agree upon a measurement is important in
objectivity otherwise we can't come to
some kind of consensus yeah objective
fact sure and I don't disagree that but
like so we have to be careful what we
consider to be objective here
so you're we saw your argument is saying
that like okay so we can measure a
building in inches or feet the same way
that we can measure an act as harmful or
virtuous now even though like these
measurements are kind of abstract
there's still like an underlying fact of
the matter now I don't disagree with you
but but and maybe this statement seems
more extreme on face value I would say
well inches and feet clearly don't exist
right if all humans were wiped away
inches and feet are just things that we
all agree upon these are ideas that
exist in our head and then we've written
them on paper but they only exist
insofar as the human ideas so an inch we
could define it as being ten times as
large as it is now or half the size that
it is now right it doesn't it's an inch
isn't like a feature of the world so I
like an actual fact of the world whereas
like and then the same thing with
morality right like one person murdering
another there is an underlying objective
fact here right
somebody has driven a knife through
somebody's heart or pull the trigger and
executed somebody with a gun or rifle
but to call that action wrong requires
some subjective non-existent unit of
measurement that we all kind of just
agree on that's independent of like the
actual world it's just like an idea that
exists in our heads yeah
we're in total agreement so far so the
the building is objectively a certain
particular height the
measurement system that we use is
somewhat subjective but we do
collectively agree upon a measurement
system otherwise we wouldn't be able to
discern objective reality sure right so
so the the the difference that I have
with most people in this morality to
subjective morality debate is that
they're not agreeing upon a metric to
measure by they're simply looking at the
independent facts and saying you know
this is like like you point out with the
inches thing they're saying this inch
thing is objective and you're going no
it's not we're collectively deciding
that it's an inch like it measures
objective things in the world but
they're never really pointing to what
what exactly are we going to measure I
get for example like inches and feet it
actually I'm pretty sure I don't know
it's not I'm pretty sure that they're
what they've been measure to have has
even changed throughout history yes like
I said before it has not always been
like the exact same length that wasn't
even standardized until like it was like
long into the existence of these units
at all yeah yeah exactly exactly okay so
so the there's different metrics that we
can measure by and one of the things
that I am looking at here in order for
us to to come up with any kind of
measurement from rally first of all we
have to define morality specifically and
this is another place where I have a
difference with the theists and the
general people talking about objective
morality and in particular where it was
very frustrating when you had the debate
with Tom jump because I was like well
you guys have started this conversation
you really haven't even defined morality
now there's a lot of social
psychologists that are kind of defining
morality in this way that morality is a
set of rules that governs a group of
people that it's basically a set of
rules that a group of people adopt to
become a community and in evolutionary
terms its to compete for resources in
the environment this is why of a
morality evolved in us do you you you
believe in evolution obviously correct I
do I hesitate to use so this is called
so this is called a just so story so
basically we make some observations
about given facts of
in behavior men tend to be larger than
women we tend to organize in hierarchies
right and then we say well because this
happened I think that we organized this
way because of these reasons the the why
there is very difficult to defend and
oftentimes just completely whatever so
III mean I don't broadly I would
probably kind of agree but I would be
careful I would caution against thinking
like just because we observed some given
trade in humanity doesn't necessarily
mean that we evolved for some given
purpose or that something like happened
this way because of another thing like
it's entirely possible to certain
behaviors we have so for instance I
think female women are some of the only
creatures that have pleasure during sex
it played like generally it's not plural
for men that could have just been a
byproduct that might not have been
selected for that could just be a
byproduct with some other feature that
evolved or it could have been it's
really really hard to know the case but
yeah so yes I just yeah it doesn't speak
German well I completely agree with you
just just so stories aside and we
definitely have to be careful just so
stories but you you do buy into the fact
that we as human beings evolved and that
our behaviors evolved as a as through
the process of natural selection right
obviously yeah I mean I think I believe
in that that seems to be like the
leading scientific theory at now so yeah
I don't have anything better to believe
yeah yeah there's some there's some
dissent over over how exactly morality
evolved and this is where the just like
you're right in bringing up the just-so
stories there's different competing
theories I'm a fan of Jonathan Hite who
has put forward moral foundation in
theory which basically attempts to
catalogue all of our moral intuitions
and it was funny that you had the debate
with Tom jump and Tom jump was talking
about this morality he's saying morality
is basically about human freedom but
human freedom is really only one aspect
of morality there's all these other
aspects of of morality and Jonathan
height has kind of narrowed it down to
about six moral foundations and tried to
base all of those moral foundations on
huge bodies of study like one of them is
the care harm foundation which is based
on attachment their attachment theory
which was developed by John Bowlby like
there's been decades of research
on it so I am conscious of the fact that
you're talking about that just so story
things but there there hasn't been
plenty of empirical study here an
empirical study is that that's how we
get towards something objective so true
but be careful like I'm like an objector
is no study that can show us that like
we evolved a given trait for a
particular purpose like that's that's
really really really hard to actually
say like oh well we did like you could
do this but it would require an immense
amount of archaeological evidence most
of which has probably been destroyed an
immense amount of like sociological and
anthropological understanding like how a
society existed and lived at some given
point in time and then to be able to
trace this like longitudinally
throughout generations of like human
existence like it's so hard to make like
that causeless time like we evolved this
feature for this thing like that's
really hard so I carries an example
right like why do we swallow air or
swallow air why do we swallow food and
inhale air if you're like the same pipe
like in our throat you know like that
like we can obviously choke to death you
know it seems like a pretty bad design
and you know so people say like well
it's energy-efficient to have like one
pathway for everything it doesn't make
sense to evolve these things separately
so it's easy to say like well we evolved
our throat that way because it saves
energy but that might not be true having
a dual system might actually end up
being more energy efficient maybe it's
just the precursor species to us had one
throat for a totally different reason
right that's the only reason I'm trying
to be like really careful here is
because it's really easy to jump off
from this like we evolve this thing for
this reason 100% to go right into
biological prescriptivism since we have
this feature and we have all de for this
reason this must be some true thing
that's that's the only people people
tend to make like biological
observations and they want to jump right
into moral prescriptions from there so
they'll say something like men tend to
be larger than women men ought to be the
protectors of ones like woah we'll hold
on right or because because they'll also
have like the dress so spare we're like
men are bigger than women and therefore
they ought to be the protectors of women
because we evolved for men to be the
particulars we're like well that might
not necessarily be true right
maybe androgen makes us stronger but
maybe there was some other reason why
androgen and men and being average
insensitive was selected for a long time
ago that made it advantageous for us to
split in that way maybe being stronger
wasn't a reason right it's just
I just really really cautious against
those just so stories like it's so easy
to get lost like really far down a
tunnel well you've convinced yourself of
so much that is kind of all like on
really shaky grounds that's that's the
only reason I'm like I push back against
those a lot there's a lot of motivated
reasoning that can get bought into that
and yeah it's really scary okay it's a
good destiny I'm very disappointed you
don't believe that men evolved to
protect women yeah I think it could be
that could be the case I'm just saying
like it's really hard to like make that
statement
no manifold to keep them in the cave I'm
I'm I I totally agree with you and we're
we're on we're on the same page here and
this is the reason why I'm not getting
into specifics I think when people get
into specifics then that's when the
conversation sort of the rails like I'm
trying to build a case here that's there
there is this thing that happened
evolutionarily like us building the
ability to cooperate as human beings
gave us a survival advantage over other
species that couldn't cooperate right
because we could form larger and larger
groups now as soon as we started forming
these groups those groups became
competitors against one another and the
larger group has a survival advantage
over a smaller group do you disagree
there um larger groups like a nature or
today in history or well just in general
like even if we go back to like tribal
days like if a group of a hundred a
hundred men and a group of a thousand
men which one has a the survival
advantage I don't know and I want to say
you saw the movie 300 you're like I know
well no like so like again like man I
dude I didn't want an alt writer is yeah
oh yeah yeah so I got into I got down
the rice realism hold and I started to
read well I'm not I'm not doing no I
know you're not I'm just saying that
like independent of race I used to be so
much more confident in my assertions
about like human behavior in human
biology until I started to like read
more and understand more about how
insanely complex like human evolutionary
history is so like I it's going to be
impossible to get me to agree with
most any like this is why this is so
foreign so when you say like the
difference between 1000 people in 100
people
well like okay well like two years ago
my gut would say like oh well a thousand
people they clearly have an advantage
but now I'm not so sure maybe 1000
people in a single area maybe they're
more prone to overhunting or over
farming a certain area or / / / like
taking over the environment and it
causes them to be unsustainable maybe a
group that large is more prone to
infighting maybe humans can only keep up
like 80 90 or so relationships and then
past that it caused so like I don't know
what the answer that is I could I could
please leave a comment yeah I could see
it being like great okay so so but the
measure that all the things that you're
bringing up right let's talk about the
movie 300 right what is it 300 men took
down 10,000 right sure yeah that's
that's the movies 300 right well I think
it's you
yeah they ultimately did lose but but
the thing that the two groups are
competing on is moral systems even the
examples that you gave are moral systems
there you were saying a group of people
that has a more sustainable outlook on
the world has a system of behavior that
is more sustainable to the environment
may outlast a larger group that has a
less sustainable group you talked about
infighting you said maybe infighting
weakens a group okay the the morality is
based on rules around things like
infighting and and resource allocation
that kind of thing these are these are
the moral system so that's why I'm
saying I mean it could so let's make
sure that we're on the same page here so
if we could say that evolution has one
purpose which I would say it does what
is the singular purpose of all evolution
or natural selection survive survival
and reproduction okay close it's it's
actually it's only reproduction the only
thing that evolution cares about is
passing on genetic material whether you
survive or not is whatever you get yeah
if you can pass on gender material at
five years old then it doesn't care if
you live till 50 or 100 or if you could
have a hundred babies and only half of
them survive at twenty that's better
than having every child survive it at
eighty-five order right so if we
understand that right it could be that
we could we could hypothesize that a
group of master rapists humans exist
that are capable of flying and swooping
down and raping like every woman like
instantly and getting them pregnant if
this was the case this would probably be
like we are we could we could
hypothesize that this genetic material
would have a higher chance being passed
on than any other type of genetic
material now would we call that moral or
morality because that's just the way
that things evolved well we wouldn't
call it there we wouldn't call it our
morality definitely this is a two
competing moral systems and this I mean
there this exists in the real world we
don't have to hypothesize about these
these different creatures there is a
difference of opinion between the
Mormons who practice polygamy which you
know exactly like you said polygamy is
about producing as many babies as
possible right the men are going to take
on multiple wives and they're just gonna
some of these polygamists have like a
hundred kids right that's a that is a
great way to grow your moral community
very very quickly now whether or not
polygamy has kinds of trade-offs because
the a lot of people apostate from
Mormonism because if you're a low status
male in a society where they practice
polygamy
there aren't enough women to go around
so the male's end up leaving so there
are trade-offs and that's all I'm
getting at here is morality is a set of
rules that binds a community into a
collective group and that group is
competing for reproduction
well survival reproduction you know
we're in order to make reproduction work
you you have to admit there are certain
ways to be more reproductively viable
that that involve marshaling resources
etc it seems to be the case but I'm
getting it seems like it seems like
you've agreed with almost everything
I've said so far i'm argument it's
awesome okay hold on wait which one of
us is supposed to be arguing for
objective morality well your your this I
guess you never really answered in the
beginning if you're in favor of a
secular you're you believe morality is
subjective
subject yeah but it's Dave it's
arbitrary define arbitrary what do you
mean well if we are going to define
morality as a set of rules that binds a
community together can that community
make any rules at all and still sustain
it so like a lot you wouldn't brain stay
in the case right yeah well III disagree
that's why I think morality is objective
I example that I use in this might make
things clearer is so airplanes are
designed with certain features because
they have to be otherwise they're
they're designed around the constraints
of the environment right if you can't
design an airplane arbitrarily and still
say it will fly correct sure yeah so you
can't design a moral system arbitrarily
and still get the features that morality
gives evolutionarily which is binding
people into a cooperative group that is
sustainable over time so if if you for
perhaps introduce into your moral system
some some rule that is destabilizing to
the system that moral system will die
out and these moral systems have evolved
over time through this evolutionary
process sure I know I know roots the
people that are sustaining them either
die out or survive based on the
viability of their moral system I don't
necessarily disagree with this maybe but
like all of this points to morality
being just an objective thing like I I
don't understand how we're wait did I
say objective or subjective objective so
all of this points to morality being
like a subjective thing like there is no
underlying fact of the matter like it
seems like we don't disagree on any of
these points that morality is just
whatever it can just be something that
helps people survive but it's not like a
fact of the world like it's not like a
thing that actually exists like we can't
point to it anywhere we can't measure it
like well you can't measure it because
listen if we're competing on well
evolutionarily work we're competing on
putting out babies right well that's a
now we're like squarely in the realm of
biological prescriptivism we're saying
that whatever is morally right is
whatever furthers the existence of the
species that and I'm not saying that I'm
saying this is this is how evolution
made us and this is this is the goal of
evolution not necessarily the goal of us
and I agree if it's the goal of
evolution does that make it right does
that make it moral no not at all wait so
then what are you saying is moral how do
we do what's moral is is what is your
stance on polygamy um I'm neutral I
don't care okay
so weak you're neutral on polygamy I
would say that we should measure based
on the like any moral prescription
should be measured on its societal
effects yeah but what society that would
be calling for like what do you want to
improve
well the generally people want to
improve well-being there's a what is
being obviously massively subjective we
on our way to the moral landscape it
feels like every one of these
conversations what I'm curious because I
I couldn't stand that book I'm curious
your take on the moral landscape
I'm not a big Sam Harris fan I don't but
Sam Harris is a moral realist and sure
but wait but aren't you a more realist
yeah definitely but well but it sounds
like you're making a similar argument
like there's some vague concept of
well-being that's never gonna be defined
and then we're gonna try to maximize
said well-being and then that's it well
I would measure I would measure on
something specific like the suicide rate
because math society is one society that
doesn't have people commit suicide yeah
I would think that's a decent metric
okay so let's say a person that is about
to commit suicide is that a good society
I know obviously no it's not about
preventing suicide there has to be
something more there's some other
underlying hold on I don't necessarily
understand that that's what do you mean
so like you're I don't understand the
what you're saying you're saying you're
gonna kill people before they commit
suicide yeah there's got so there's
something deeper if that's not an
acceptable thing that suicide isn't what
you care about it's either preserving
human life or having humans be happy or
some of there has to be something some
deeper value than just not people not
committing but in order for us to
measure something we have to agree upon
an objective measurement right and I
think you and I would both agree that we
can
measure how many people are checking out
of the society via suicide every year
like if we there's a suicide rate in
Switzerland and there's a suicide rate
in America and those those are objective
measurements I'm only I'm only using
suicide rate as something that we could
objectively measure so if if more if we
conceptualize morality as the set of
rules that govern Society and there's
different levels of this obviously they
range from socially enforced rules to
legally enforced rules like rules
against murder and rape and those kind
of things obviously they're so important
that the Society codifies them into law
smaller rules are usually enforced
socially so there are all a wide range
of rules and I would even go as far as
saying like they're the reason why the
Americans system is so good is because
we even have competing moral systems
within our society one of the great
things about America is we weren't we
are a theocracy so our moral systems are
constantly evolving in the same way that
our legal systems are evolving with the
we have the laboratories of democracy as
they say in the States our religious
systems in the United States are
laboratories of religion or moral
philosophy or whatever you want to call
them but they are constantly evolving as
well yeah but like my question is like
what we're trying to get at is like how
do we figure out which moral system is
correct yes and this is this is this is
why I feel morality can't be subjective
because it can't be simply arbitrary
rule this is the whole argument so I
would argue there is no correct moral
system because what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna ask you what is the correct moral
system and then you're gonna say
whichever one furthers humanity or
whichever one has the most people being
happier which are what you're gonna give
me something like that and then I'm
gonna ask you okay well why do you
choose to value that thing why do you
value happiness over sadness or why do
you value reproduction over preserving
the planet or why do you value this over
that and eventually you're gonna be
forced to admit well okay I mean I don't
know it's just because that's what feels
right or that's what seems to be the
case and I'm gonna say okay so it's
subject
like there is no objective foundation
for any of these rules like I don't see
how that how you can ever escape any
part of that argument like that tree is
like inescapable I think or if you feel
there's some part though that you
disagree that you can push back on be
really interested to hear it well I the
gold example that we started with is
interesting because the value of gold is
actually determined objectively well as
human beings we can all have subjective
feelings about what gold is worth okay
but like when you say gold is we have to
be let me yeah let me just make finish
me okay so I can feel gold is not very
valuable right you can feel gold is what
is worth way more than people are
charging for but we objectively measure
gold by the value of the last exchange
on this stock exchange now once that
trade takes place then it becomes
objective because it's history it's
we've recorded it we've said no this is
what gold is trading at we so we haven't
be careful with the word objective here
because what we need is we need to
contextualize what our objectivity is
measuring so like here's an objective
statement okay Gohan in an anime called
Dragon Ball Z is stronger than Crillon
that statement is objective we can
measure the actual power levels that are
scouted out in that anime and that is
just objectively true but that's on the
layer of we're talking within the
fictional realm of Dragon Ball Z which
character is objectively stronger that
doesn't mean that it's an objective fact
of the world that Gohan exists and
krillen exists and Gohan is objectively
stronger than Crillon we're making like
a normative comparison of these two
things but only under the understanding
that these two things exist in a
fictional world so when you tell me like
the value of gold is objective kind of
its objective in the sense that within
our like subjective understanding of
economics and trade we have some value
that we kind of agree that we can trade
gold for but that's not the same as
saying that gold has an objective value
independent of humanity in the real
world the same way that like the Sun
objectively exists right like even
though both words are even though we're
saying objective both times we're kind
of talking about different worlds or
different contexts when we use the word
objective here yeah I agree
I completely agree the on the on the
subjectivity
I mean you're talking about a fictional
realm though but this is the case for
morality is a bit different because
you're talking about a set of rules that
govern a society or an organization and
that organization is going to live or
die based on those rules so if those
rules are ineffective then that society
will die out and another another society
with another set of rules will take its
place
those those rules are much more real
than some fictional storyline well but
like why should you value a society
dying out or not dying out hmm well if I
it's my sis yeah but what where is this
notion that playing a society ought to
exist like where do we find that in the
world yeah well you're this is it this
is an interesting philosophical debate
the the I'm not sure obviously those
those ideas are very subjective as a
human you know I'm a species this I
guess you'd say I want my species to
thrive over yeah but like where is the
like other species to thrive yeah but so
like these are descriptions right
we have descriptive statements like
humans want to survive or whatever
normative statements right humans want
to survive in the world like but but
where is the where's the moral statement
from that how do we say like oh well the
human being ought to survive or some
given society ought to survive like how
do we that's I don't think that's a real
thing and that's what like our morality
is kind of like resting on is this idea
that humanity ought to survive like I
don't think you can objectively declare
that there's just no way we don't have
the ability to do that I know that's
possible to do once the and I've debated
this point as well so if you're arguing
that morality is a set of rules that
binds people into a cooperative group
and that group
competes in towards a goal basically
there's a lot of scholarship on morality
uniting people into
unity and that goal is somewhat sacred
to that community this is why different
communities have sort of a blindness
towards anything that might disrupt that
that goal okay well you give any
descriptions though I'm not getting a
prescription from any of this just
because a community wants to survive why
often survive ticks want to survive
mosquitoes want to survive right but we
don't consider them worthy of survival
we we say that our subjective moral
interpretation is superior to theirs
right well we want to survive over them
so we kill them right much the same as
two competing groups of humans might try
to kill each other so it seems like
morality what we're talking about is
morality so is the description of things
wanting to survive how is this like in
any sense like a like an objective or
real morality like well you're you're
describing the goal is subjective and I
agree with you that the goal is
subjective but once we choose a goal we
we empirically can figure out how much
closer further away from that goal we're
getting yeah i 100% agree 100 percent
objective but what you just described as
subjective morality this is why I don't
like meta ethics I like normative ethics
so I think that we should just choose a
goal and say [ __ ] it so reduce human
stuff let's do it yeah but but this is
subjective now but so I would say like
we should probably reduce all human
suffering and that's my life goal there
now there's no way I can justify that
it's totally subjective somebody could
just used to say we ought to like you
know maximize human suffering and and I
would before I said oh yeah we could and
then you would kill that person because
[ __ ] them and then you were just like
okay well these are the goals were
trying to maximize Society we can't
justify these we know it [ __ ] it and
then you just move on from there and you
say [ __ ] meta ethics and you go right
into like should we be utilitarians or
deontologists and then how should we
have our individual little more
positions but that's it but to say that
like to pretend that just because we've
arbitrarily chosen some starting
position that all of our measurements
thereafter are somehow objective I mean
their objective with respect to our
subjective foundation the same way that
any strength of a fictional character is
objective in regards to the subjective
fictional world that they inhabit so for
instance Ironman could always kill
spider-man that's an objective statement
with respect to the subjective fictional
world of Marvel the same way that we
ought not kill somebody is objective
with regards to the subjective
foundation of we ought to like maximize
human happiness or reduce human
suffering that said that's what that's
like my alter
argument for like why morality is like
all subjective like we have like
subjective statements but they're always
in relation to some subjective starting
position that's completely and totally
unjustifiable this is this is an
argument that I can't really win because
there's not a lot of empirical study
here but the why I would say it exists
outside the realm of science science can
never analyze these types of Phyllis's
like philosophy comes squarely before
science science can't analyze philosophy
ever you know Wilson was one of my
favorite
biologists and he he actually he was in
favor of us kind of biology biology
philosophy but sooner or later we were
going to have to ground philosophy in in
evolution so that but you you agree that
the objectives that the the goals of
evolution are are objective correct so
we will you said it was reproduced more
right it's basically is that word no the
word goal there is like really loaded
like I believe that evolution is a thing
it's a process that happens like you
know I would be uncomfortable saying
like evolution has like a particular
purpose or goal in mind it's more just
that like certain genetic material is
more suited to reproduce and pass on
itself to other genetic material like
that just seems to be a thing that
happens I mean I guess in in some ways
we can say there's like kind of like a
goal of a creature or whatever but I I'm
a little hesitant to say like the goal
of evolution is to do something like
evolution is purposeless it just is it's
just a process that exists the same way
that photosynthesis like doesn't have
the goal of converting sunlight into
some usable energy it's just a process
by which sunlight is converted into
usable energy but if you don't have
reproduction variation and selection you
don't have evolution correct yeah you
don't you need you need some sort of
variation variation and selection that's
a simple program yeah for sure yeah so
reproduction in evolutionary terms is is
kind of the goal yeah the only I just
don't like gold because gold implies in
like there's some intentionality but
like yeah I mean I guess if we were to
say it had a goal like the same way that
the goal of a compiler is to compile
code with no error would ever or turn it
into usable program I guess we could say
that sure I just don't like that there's
a very big like intentionality there
when people say does evolution have a
goal that's the only I'm trying to get
away from but but yeah sure I guess if
we were to say it had a goal that would
be the goal sure are you are you a
utilitarian because I think yes you
mentioned it briefly I I I don't it
seems like you can't get away from
utilitarianism but it's the thing that's
like the Christians are always hitting
me over the head that I'm like it seems
like if you if you view morality in this
way as a set of rules that binds people
together the the outcome of that seems
to be some kind of utilitarianism
because there's this innate democratic
process that takes place within that
group if you get 90% of the people in
that group just hating their lives that
group is not stable like in order to
maintain a stable group you have to have
the majority of people buying into the
system willfully otherwise you get
rebellion so it just it seems like the
state of the world is utilitarian and
this is just my moral intuition so maybe
I mean yeah that's kind of a separate
argument like I think you could probably
do like other things like you you could
you don't necessarily have to be
utilitarian if you believe if you
believe like in an objective or
subjective morality or if you're
religious are not religious like you
could technically be something beside to
utilitarian right you could be add
intelligence if you wanted to so like
for instance like Kant wasn't religious
but he was a dantella just and believed
that morality was really like but I
don't know so yeah what so do you do you
feel like you understand my argument you
feel like you could steal my argument
that all I really wanted to do was lay
out the argument for yeah I mean I think
I understand it pretty well yeah does it
make more sense than most of the
objective morality claims that you're
getting like it's the one with Tom jump
I don't even know if I could steal man
that argument because I really don't I
really don't know what what is what his
argument is mine's very grounded in
evolution grounded
argument yeah I mean I think I
understand your argument I think I could
give the argument like pretty pretty
well but I just feel like it misses it
just needs to go one step back to
realize that it's subjective in and of
itself I think but yeah I mean like I
think I understand your argument as well
as I can so the goal is subjective yeah
but you you were saying that well
eliminating human suffering is your
personal goal sure but it's subjective I
can't really justify that in any way
right it's just you pull it out of air
yep okay cool well this was an
interesting discussion would you uh
do you have anything else or no I think
that's about I think I've said my piece
whatever you have anything else no I
don't thanks for coming on man I I
appreciate you doing this yeah no
problem thanks to the conversation I
appreciate it I have our I'll lit I have
one super chat to read I don't know I
gotta ground for that yeah drew well T
for a dollar dollar nine that says
utilitarianism leads to the repugnant
conclusion yeah that's the kind of [ __ ]
I get wait we release the Republic
repugnant conclusion that what we're
exactly what is the repugnant conclusion
I think they all want to say that
utilitarianism only leads into genocide
because they can pull out these examples
where it's like okay you walk into a
doctor's office this is and isn't it
better to cut out all of your organs and
give them to like ten people than to I
mean that's that's an extreme case of
utilitarianism any moral system is going
to have problems like that so obviously
a moral system you want to build you
want to build rules that work around
that and like evolution is trial and
error so moral systems are in effect
trial and error sure do you want to
maybe we can talk a little bit about
Jordan Peterson I the video that I
originally yeah I got a smile oh my god
the original the original video that I
had made I was giving you a little I was
ribbing you a little bit about Jordan
Peterson you made one comment about
Jordan Peterson only makes
prescriptive or descriptive claims but
never makes any prescriptive claims and
I was like destiny you wrote a book
called 12 yeah he makes a lot of
self-help prescriptive claims but he
won't do it about social issues that he
talks about so for instance Jordan pewt
son will come on and say like women
caused a lot of trouble in the workplace
we don't know what we're gonna do with
them and there's a time issues it has
been caused but he won't actually say
like cuz it leads you to believe like
will should women be removed from the
workplace or like what's your suggestion
there but then he never gives any the N
and then it seems like it's fan-based
kinds of kind of runs with that
sometimes and then makes it much of like
damaging or harmful prescriptive
statements what is your what is your
opinion on enforcement aagama destiny is
enforcement how could be a good thing
probably not I mean it might be I don't
know I don't know if about it I haven't
seen it like played out in a society so
that's awesome
that's awesome yeah the enforcement agha
me would be a would be a a moral
prescription right that would be a part
of your moral system well I think policy
is necessarily like a moral thing
because you're telling people to do
something so when we have a policy like
policy is a prescription which is like a
more like you want to do this thing
generally yeah you're way ahead of most
people because most people I say that to
and they don't even realize that laws or
moral statements we don't make laws
because laws or morality they're there
you're basically saying yeah this is
such an important rule that we're going
to objectify it by writing it in a book
alright so if your if your moral system
and this is one of the problems that I
have with moral subjectivist is because
they always want to jump to that rape
argument they want to say well if you're
basing your morality on evolution then
wouldn't the best system be just for
everybody to be a bunch of rapists and I
don't that system would break down
pretty quickly and be overrun by people
who who had a more cohesive moral system
I mean nations in many ways are
competing on their moral systems
authoritarian regimes have a moral
system that we find detestable in the
West and it lacks innovation this was a
argument that I was making with Bosch in
our debate is that if you have
authoritarian regime that keeps that
stifles innovation you're going to that
system is constantly going to be out
competed by a system that has free
people that are free to innovate like
right now China is stealing our
innovation because they have an
authoritarian system that doesn't have
creative destruction so huh yeah so I
mean I don't disagree with generally
fallen in line with like liberal
principles of like freedom and
everything although it's possible that
China's system might be superior I guess
we'll see like right now our system is
not doing too hot so yeah what are your
what are some of your critiques of our
system we don't we we're too top-heavy
right now
I think capital is favored too much in
society capital gives you a lot of power
labor is getting pretty [ __ ] right now
and the people at the top are doing too
well considering how [ __ ] the people at
the bottom are I think yeah income
inequality something that bugs me too
are you in favor of ubi
um possibly I would have to see like how
it plays out or what the costs are for
ubi so I'm not sure everybody sends me
this study that they did in Finland
where they took 2,000 unemployed people
between the ages of 25 and 53 I think
and they they actually say in the study
that they in no way means tested and I
was like what are you kidding me
you means tested when you picked two
thousand unemployed people like I've had
a job since I was 16 what kind of 25
year-old doesn't have a job so they give
money basically to the least productive
members of society and then those people
don't produce anything they wonder why
so the idea behind UPI is you give money
to people who are productive people of
society that are just basically the
working poor without resources behind of
the fact that it takes money to make
money right yeah of course I don't know
if the goal of ubi is to only give money
to people that are already working like
I think ubi is supposed to be a bit more
general than that no yeah it gives it to
everyone yeah so you in it so you
inadvertently give money to the the most
productive people in society because you
don't necessarily know who those people
are gonna be sure
yeah yes so I'll go ahead you you've
been very generous with your time
destiny all what I'll let you go you
have any final thoughts or um no not
really I appreciate the conversation
take care man yeah thanks a lot like we
looked this up for California that
wasn't exactly you can't just like when
you sell a property to a new person I
don't think the rent control just
disappears all the time I think this is
like
