foods it's apparent that the vitamins in
them are in much different forms than
what we consume now and not only that
because of the quality of the animal
foods and the way they were raised the
vitamin content is significantly higher
well that's like a loose premise of it
so what so what's the prescription from
that my prescription like what's the
what is the like a saying one of the
benefits of following a diet like this
or what is the difference between
indigenous groups and tribes and what
are you like advocating that we like do
like a certain diet or do you think that
some diet would be more optimal than
what we know or what sort uh yeah I
guess well yeah so if we look at these
people they were free of any
degenerative disease so if we talk about
obesity heart disease any cardiovascular
related diseases
pretty much anything I mean but of wait
you're telling me that all indigenous
people were free of things like heart
disease before modern foods yes I mean
and even in cases of it's interesting if
you look at I have a couple studies on
the Masai and is that a through gross
sclerosis the build-up of plaque in the
arteries is there's a big difference
between actual arteries and the
inflammation caused by cardiac events so
when we look at these Masai these people
that subsisted off of blood meat milk
they were actually immune in a way to
the disease wait let me just
yeah I'm really close can you can you
like me for to see that a people didn't
get things like heart disease before I
guess before like modern day nutrition
was advanced I mean that's not something
you're gonna that's not I mean that's
not gonna be something to be able to
read in a short period I can link you
the I can lick you a big text see if I
could find the specific
let me let me just go grab the sari to
prepare this before and let me just grab
the studies on the on the maasai that I
had at that book that I like that mean
that's not gonna be something you're
gonna be able to look at quickly there's
just you know it's hundreds of pages
this is one study on my side
Oh is summary investigation of four
hundred Masai man and number of woman
and children showed a little or no
clinical or chemical signs of a toaster
OSIS despite a long continuous I'd have
only meat milk men have low serum
cholesterol levels and no signs of
arteriosclerotic heart disease the
common understanding that animal fats
cause coronary disease has been
investigated we're talking specifically
about regenerative disease you know
we're not talking about like literally
almost all of the Native Americans got
wiped out from smallpox mm-hmm
typically referring to is anything
that's kind of related to like such as
cancer disease obesity diabetes all of
these things were absent when they were
on there do you think that like um don't
you think you could achieve like similar
outcomes using things like ketogenic
diets though instead of just going like
full meat only diet or oh well the you
know the reason I reached out to you
wasn't really specifically to talk about
I mean only diet huh it was it was to
talk about the base nutrient density
that these animal foods offered so if we
actually look at and let me get the
source for this real quick if we
actually look at hunter-gatherer
macronutrient ratios in their diets
approximately like 65 to 75 65 to 70
percent of the calories foods so every
indigenous group consumed quite a
variety of plant foods in most cases in
the case of like the indigenous
Aborigines they would literally have
access
to hundreds to thousands of wild plant
foods just in their native habitat so a
few indigenous groups that subsisted
entirely off of meat and and the big
thing to keep in mind is that free food
in every case was eaten out of necessity
you know these people had to survive so
know that we might see certain groups of
Native Americans that subsisted mostly
off of Buffalo and they might have
gotten 80 to 90 percent of their college
from Buffalo but then we might look at a
group of Swiss people in that are living
these Swiss people might have had you
know sixty percent of their calories
from just cheese and then the rest of
their calories from rye bread uh-huh
variants in all of these indigenous
diets but the one common factor is the
presence of high quality animal foods
that's the that's the kind of thing to
take away from from this and if we do
look at a ketogenic diet diet doesn't
really focus on the nutrient content of
the foods it's kind of difficult to
correlate I mean in a way would
following a ketogenic diet achieve
macronutrient ratios that some of these
hunter-gatherers were following possibly
well I guess I thought the reason why I
ask is I'm looking at things that are
related to especially we talk about
things like obesity and diabetes it
seems like control your intake of sugar
is really what's going on here they're
just eating meat isn't conferring you
some protection some mystical protection
against like diabetes or obesity but but
more if you're only eating meats or even
meats and vegetables the amount of sugar
that you're in taking is dramatically
decreasing and I feel like that would be
like a huge explanatory thing there as
well no I mean if we're just if we're
just talking about the anything
degenerative eased and and we look at a
ketogenic diet and yeah I mean there's
plenty of evidence of that reversing
diabetes and a lot of people that is
certain that certain and the the high
carbohydrate intake the refined
carbohydrate intake the sugar intake
tribute superb a hold on your mic keeps
cutting out I don't know if you using
push-to-talk or like every now and then
all
lose like two words out of a sentence
this better I'll just talk a little
louder Shaka yeah I don't know I'll tell
you I'm sorry I'm using a I'm using a
dynamic microphone so yeah that's fine
just make sure to keep my voice at the
same level
yeah I just linked one study that showed
the micronutrient ratios and the other
study that showed put together diets
meat-based yet to heart disease
ketogenic diet in regards to diabetes a
lot of diseases that's one element of
diet that's removing acclamation yeah so
here's kind of the problems that I've so
like when you write here like the
paradoxical nature of hunter-gatherer
diets make basic yet none I throwed
anthropogenic where does anthro genic
mean damaging to the heart
let me what is this grass yeah yeah the
formation like fatty plaques in the
arteries okay
what I'm wondering is that like if you
look at hunter-gatherer lifestyles these
are people that we're probably far far
far more physically active than what we
are today I feel like there are so many
more variables here than just diet that
might be impacting like sure maybe the
diet is helping too but wouldn't the
immense amount of physical activity help
as well first but the main correlation
that I would wanted to make with the the
nutrient density of this diet was mainly
look at the facial structure if we look
at the height you know if we look at
their lack of need for glasses or braces
layering thing that stuck out to me and
I mean you could even Google like Native
American eyesight or sight and these
these people these Native Americans that
are only you know several generations
off their indigenous diet and these
Aborigines that are only one or two
generations off their indigenous diet
such incredible eyesight I mean that
they used to recruit the Aborigines for
the Navy and because they would be
literally be able to see ships that were
miles away weight say you think that you
think that having a meat only diet is
helping these people with their eyesight
or their current I say oh I think the
incredibly high retinoic acid content of
the animal foods in these diet is
necessary for optimal human physical
it has and has it's been demonstrated
with a study or anything or only
demonstration and the only data that I
have that it's not really there's
nothing showing that you know what if
for humans there is a study called the
Pottinger cat study that's did go
sterile after being fed several
generations of a cooked meat diet as
opposed to raw meat diet and it did show
the effects of ancient nutrient profile
weight for cats that's dull
well I'm sorry you might keep scanning I
want to ask you to repeat is just cuz
your mind keeps cutting out so sorry I
didn't hear that again did you say for
this is for cats there's one study
called the Pottinger cat study where
they fed cats a cooked me diet and so
then my only problem here and i'm not
trying to be too picky because i animal
testing is very [ __ ] important for
this type of stuff I totally recognize
that but when we're talking about things
like health and diet cats are obligate
carnivores they're I feel like their
digestive tract is going to be much
different than our is where the way that
they were the way that they digest and
integrate different vitamins and [ __ ]
into their body my humans can
theoretically lit well not theoretically
we can live without eating meat at all
cats if they don't eat me will die are
these digestive tracts really comparable
I mean if we would do want to look at
the digestive tract of a human and
compare it to any animal in particular
it is closest to that of a wolf so in
the regards to the acidity of the
stomach the length of the small
intestine the lack of fermentation
chambers in the gut the lack of bacteria
that ferments fatty acids if you look at
the human digestive tract it is meant to
synthesize nutrients from animal foods
the only correlation I have between
facial development and structure and all
of those things is specifically really
looking at these indigenous groups of
people and their facial development
their height their absence of
degenerative disease and then
correlating that with all the animal
foods and they're okay okay yeah hold on
okay so cuz we keep like lumping in like
a ton of things together and then kind
of like moving past it but I'm kind of
interested in each of these individual
things so like I mean
talk about things like eyesight well you
talk about things like height I've never
heard this site so my understanding is
how height works in a human is that
height is something that is largely
genetically determined that you have a
capacity to reach a certain height and
that things like like you've got growth
plates that are more or less genetically
predetermined and as long as you receive
the proper amount of nutrients you'll
grow to a certain height whatever you're
going to and then your growth rates
close and then that's it are you are you
making the claim that like if you eat
like a certain diet that people will
necessarily be taller that that's like a
thing that is true I guess I guess I
would to answer I would ask a question I
would say okay well why do you think
Italians are short and why do you think
Dutch people are tall is it genetics or
does something determine genetics over
generations I mean that could be an
incredibly complicated question I mean I
mean there could be a large number of
genetic factors that play into it there
could have been environmental pressures
at one point in time that influenced
this genetic factor I'm not sure are you
saying that it was solely diet or and if
we look at the amount of animal foods
and grains in the diet of Italians over
the past thousands of years the Grange
is substantially higher than the Dutch
if you look at the diet of the people
the Dutch people in the Netherlands that
wall pretty much the tallest country in
the world they have a very high intake
of animal foods in the diet yeah sure
but like I could so without the problem
without having like studies with the
problem about having like a causal well
one like some sort of study that highly
correlates it and then to like a
biological mechanism that describes why
this would take place is that I could
propose hypotheses for why this may or
may not be true so for instance let's
say that in a vacuum a short person will
outlive a long person because a short
person needs to consume less calories to
survive so the long person is at a
disadvantage they're in an environment
for being able to survive reproduce now
let's say that that long person or let's
say that a taller person is able to
exist only because being tall allows
them to hunt down certain forms of
animals right and if they were shorter
they either wouldn't have the the leg
the grade the ability to run long
distances or hunt animals right so like
I could take two populations that grow
entirely apart from one another where
one people tend to eat plants and
another people tend to eat animals and
the people that eat animals might be
taller slightly because that's the
that's selected for when it comes to
hunting but that doesn't necessarily
mean that they're healthier or better
off for it they just happen to be
totally because I'm more suited for that
right but that and that also doesn't
necessarily mean that eating that food
enabled them to grow taller that just
might have been the trait that was
selected for right I'm not saying that
I'm correct I'm just saying that that
could be a possible explanation wouldn't
you need like a causal mechanism to
explain one over the other you could say
that but it's if it's like a plant if a
plant doesn't have the right nutrients
in the soil to grow it's not going to
achieve its its growth potential tell
you that almost everyone nowadays does
not achieve adequate yes so like that
should be able if that's true that
should be demonstrated that people
should be able to grow taller that
should be pretty easy to demonstrate no
like malnutrition and not growing to
your theoretical height as a result of
malnutrition should be something that's
pretty easy to demonstrate there's a big
difference between malnutrition and
optimal nutrition I mean in you know
what people think is average on what
people think is optimal for sure I mean
I guess I feel like we're taking I feel
like this is even like a really socially
loaded question too because the idea
that being really tall is optimal that's
not even necessarily true like again
like larger calorie consuming things
tend to live less longer and need to
gather more energy in order to survive
these are I would consider these
suboptimal traits for survival and like
a like a from the perspective of hunters
being taller was a desirable trait I
mean you could cover more ground taller
and they have more bone density and
muscle mass they're strong are they're
able to yeah better yeah I agree with
what you're saying here but this is kind
of showing my point like again like
having greater muscle density this is a
negative when it comes to survival this
is why humans don't don't naturally come
with a ton of muscle right because we
don't want to carry extra muscle if we
don't need to so having to carry more
muscle in order to be able to hunt
animals it seems to be the other way
around then that the reason why these
people are taller or maybe stronger is
because they needed to be in order to
capture food whereas if you're farming
or living a more plant-based life you
don't need that much energy now no but
it correlates directly with the
percentage of animal foods present in
the diet because if there are animal
foods present in the diet
you know the body is able to grow to its
optimal height because of the protein
the fat soluble vitamins but
if not a high percentage of plant food
its if it's not a high percentage of
animal foods then there's gonna be some
sort of bottleneck on their height yes
why nots and I agree what you're saying
there but or I'm sorry if I would agree
with what you're saying they're doodles
I feel like you should be able to
demonstrate that there should be like
some study or something showing that I
did I was just looking for a study I did
just link one child height gain is
associated with consumption of animal
source foods and livestock owning
households in western Kenya okay but in
western Kenya are we talking
malnutrition here like we can actually
kind of like read this really quickly I
guess no I'm just reading through it
real quick you know look - I happen to
haven't gone through in this one before
let me see if I can find another one on
Dairy Association so this is among
children of lessons of over six months
old reported frequency of egg and milk
consumption was associated with
increased monthly hike game poultry
ownership was associated with with high
reported frequency of egg milk and
chicken consumption some livestock did
you see we're sure to be low urban ona
so yeah I'm curious if this is um we
conducted a longitudinal cohort study of
anthro anther open up anthropometry and
3d feeding recalls among children in
addition we clicked in on wealth
livestock ownership and livestock
disease in some house we use linear
okay hold on this one you linked is
interesting okay look there's no more
consumption effects growth of young
children the consumption of milk but not
other dairy products is associated with
height among us preschool students
sampled 1011 age 24 to 59 months we used
multivariate regression tested for
associates for milk consumption and high
control engage results children and the
highest quartile of milk intake were
taller than those in q2 and q3 but not
q1 okay total calcium had a positive
effect on height but did not change the
height differences among percentiles
total protein was not associated with
height and Q for children were taller
than those in other quartiles children
who drank milk and daily were taller
than those with less frequent intake
consumption of other dairy products had
no association with height blacks were
taller than whites and mexican-americans
controlling for milk intake did not
alter this pattern okay so this seems to
I think this like this is evidence that
drinking milk at the very least could
cause you to grow a little bit taller
sure there's here's another study it's
on the birth correlating with high IQ I
believe educational attainment and the
reason we're looking at the the month
that the child is born in is because in
nature what would have happened is bring
in the summer brings grass and food and
the ruminant animals become fat and this
is when humans kind of have their prime
hunting period in in the late summer and
fall so the idea is that humans would
have procured vision from these animals
in the summer and fall they would have
gotten pregnant and then given birth in
the spring in the summer months and the
reason it's important that they give
birth in the spring in the summer months
is because levels in the body you know
you can only store enough vitamin d3 for
one winter and the the scale of storing
vitamin d3 if you're below 40 nano grams
per milliliter your body's pretty much
it's using whatever vitamin d3 it can
get once the amount of vitamin d3 is
passed 40 nano grams per milliliter your
body starts storing it for the winter
and once you're above 60 it's deemed
kind of that your body has adequate d3
stores for the winter over 7075 is ideal
the numbers I got this from were from a
it was a study on indigenous peoples
living in I believe some like an Arctic
Russian climate and the reason I use
them as a demonstration is because it's
pretty much the minimal amount of
vitamin d3 as they are not in a sunny
area find this but the important thing
is that and I'm gonna link some to video
I did and it just has a bunch of studies
in the in the description of the video
is the vitamin levels in mother's breast
milk variety holes in breast milk can
drive from 0.05 percent to 0.73 percent
so that's almost the 20 fold variance in
levels and not only does this apply to
breast milk this applies to all the
vitamins all the fats type of vitamins
all the all the B vitamins all the K
vitamins it's hard to really look like
this whole idea that I have is that
there's a lot of bits and pieces of
information that you can't really you
know show a concrete agent as opposed to
you know things that you're kind of
piecing together uh-huh yeah it's just
it's scary because like if you're not
careful like anybody can weave together
any story and it seems like when it
comes to biology like everything is
biology is very very soft in terms of
its scientific claims when it comes to
diet and whatnot because it's so hard to
understand everything is linked together
so I just get kind of worried when
somebody has I don't know how far you
take it I haven't watched all of your
channel but I don't like people like
Peterson's daughter Jordan Peterson's
daughter will say things like an all
meat diet can help you cure like every
disease you have listen listen listen
she is a complete and I mean to be I
mean to say this in the nicest way she's
a bit of a ditzy [ __ ] in regards to
this diet
and you know the difference between you
know she eats ribeye steak all day I'm
eating pretty much every part of the
animal other cat brains and liver and
whatnot so that's that but just to if
you want to actually look at vide like I
think anyone would agree that if you
don't have a problem a proper mineral
and what do they one of the key fight
amines that plants need to grow I think
it's potassium nitrogen and I can't
remember what nitrogen potassium plants
need three let me just look it up real
quick so plants need nitrogen
phosphorous and potassium to grow as a
minimum in the soil and they call these
fertilizers and PK fertilizers trees
these are like carbs fats and proteins
uh-huh and you're pretty much giving the
plant macronutrients to grow you're not
giving now you're not giving the plant
micronutrients you're not giving it all
the minerals you're not giving it all
the other vitamins vitamin K vitamin
carotenoids you're not giving the plant
the other vitamins that will increase
the vitamin concentration in the food so
if we look at I'm sure you've heard like
they add pigmentation to farm salmon
because the farmed salmon don't get the
orange color because they don't have the
keratin oyster present in their diet
sure if if an animal or a plant does not
have the required nutrients in the soil
in the diet if they're not eating the
proper foods they're tissue isn't going
to be reflective of the vitamins
themselves applies to humans too so if
we look at listening for plants is
simple because what happens if a plant
does get enough nutrients it you know it
just doesn't it doesn't grow it dies it
doesn't grow optimally nutrients that
humans need and to me if you know if I
ask someone what a healthy diet meant I
mean I'm hoping part of their answer
would be the vitamin and mineral content
of the diet at least to some degree
because if the vitamin and mineral
of the diet isn't the most important
thing in the diet then what is you know
if your vitamin d3 intake if your
omega-3 fatty acid intake if those
things aren't the most important part of
the diet then I'd have to ask what is
huh so then if we actually look at those
vitamins individually a vitamin versions
of the plant and the animal form vitamin
A for example vitamin A in plant foods
occurs as carotenoids and I did a
conversion raised in the body not only
or the conversion rates limited and you
know they only convert at you usually
fruits around 14 to 1
anyway so what are we moving towards
you're essentially saying that you think
we can get most of these from from meaty
things or what I'm saying is the the
forms of vitamins in plants are not we
can't assimilate enough nutrition from
them to be an optimal health I'm getting
at so if you take you know you can eat
all the carrots you want but your body
can only convert a certain amount of
carrots annoys the retinoic acid and
even in that case some people have
genetic polymorphisms where they can't
convert carotenoids to retinoic acid and
that's a pretty large population
actually wait is that your vitamin k2
good link on that give me a second sure
I think this was in the a lot of this
like that that video I linked to
carnivores is vegan nutrients I'm kind
of going over a lot of what was in the
video
okay so this is the the study on
carotenoid conversion to right of an a
and the important thing the main thing
to note here is part of the study
ready you still here I'm here okay
okay so what happened was they fed
subjects six milligrams of carotene and
oil and the conversion factor was three
point eight to one which is pretty good
you know four to one two dosage to 126
milligrams of carotene and oil the
conversion factor went up to 55 to one
and this value and they did what it went
up to 55 to one they increased the
dosage by about 25 times of carotene and
oil okay so when they tried to
administer higher doses of the vitamin
the conversion rate lowered drastically
oh okay yeah I'm familiar with the
bioavailability we're talking about the
ability to like if you consume like
10,000 [ __ ] grams of protein you're
not you're not gonna get all of that
most of that is going to be yeah yeah of
course but this is different in a sense
that use higher amounts of vitamin A for
processes and store it but it's just the
plant version you can't achieve optimal
levels for it and if we if you scroll
down in the study right before
conclusions it says we have observed
large variations in the bio conversion
of dietary carotene to vitamin A which
may be related to the genetic
characteristics of the subjects because
the enzyme responsible for beta-carotene
conversion into retinol is B carotene 15
comma 15 marks some scientific stuff
genetic polymorphisms in the gene may
contribute to the poor converter
phenotype reported that two common
nonsynonymous single nucleotide
polymorphisms have been identified and
in vitro biochemical characterization of
Loblaw fancifulness it basically shows
their ability is a decreases 69% to
convert carotene into retinol acid
that's why some people turn orange and
that's also why some people do far worse
on a vegan diet than others uh-huh
large percentage of the population I
don't know remember where I found the
statistics on that but I think it was up
to 40% of the population had a
a highly impaired end the reason this
vitamin is so important specifically
vitamin a retinyl gas it is because
other than the creation of every cell so
you know cell differentiation what you
know cells your body chooses to make is
regulated by gene expression which needs
yes it is a precursor to that entire
process you believe say that every cell
in the body and if whether or not your
body has the optimal fuel to make it by
vitamin a and the only way to really get
a consider about a vitamin A is in the
form of retinoic acid which only occurs
in animal products gotcha
that's interesting this is why the fish
oil capsules are so recommended
oh well fish oil is omega-3 but cod
liver oil well liver is the only animal
food that's abundant in vitamin A huh
and did you ever hear of like the orcas
we're killing sharks and eating their
liver right no but what about it go
orcas are killing great white sharks and
eating their livers so this is one
example in nature of preference for
organs and the liver of the shark has a
very high vitamin A concentration so
specifically killing sharks and
consuming their liver for the nutrition
that was in the liver huh look at and
animals in nature that kill they usually
go for the guts first where the organs
are where the nutrition is even I even
have like a compilation of clips of
certain divorce animals unquote eating
meat if available like deer eating birds
monkeys eating meat there's a lot of
preference for there's a book called
then I can link it to you Vizio or I'm
assuming I don't even have time to read
stuff myself let alone yeah it's fun
goroh but there's this book called the
fat of the land and it's Bob the armor
Steffensen who's an arctic explorer and
this was back in the 1900s
and threw him in the hospital after
because what happened was he came back
from these Arctic expeditions he claimed
that he survived for only I think was a
couple years on an ami died and they're
like oh no you would have died he would
have gotten scurvy so they put this guy
into a hospital for like a year and they
made him only eat meat but the main part
of this book printing it now is because
these indigenous people had very
specific preferences for parts of the
animal and what they would do with them
uh-huh okay so someone in Chad said did
that [ __ ] say that vitamin A is only
in vitamin and animal products it's
[ __ ] call him out on that please
don't listen him at all so what you're
saying is essentially is that vitamin A
exists in I think you acknowledge that
it exists in vegetables but what you're
saying is that the bioavailability of
those foods is not so great
B of the USDA label MA is is a bit
[ __ ] so if a food has beta carotene
in it they can label it as vitamin A on
the label of the food but that's not
actually correct because food has
vitamin A in the carotenoid form not the
retinoic acid form and the carotenoid
form needs that that well in order to
can hide it or whatever right why don't
you needs fat to be converted and you
have to have the genetic predisposition
to be good at converting it and the main
contradictory thing is okay if you need
fat to convert beta-carotene into
retinoic acid only to get fat in all
parts of the world at all climates at
all points in time you know the only
access to fat would be from animal foods
and I mean to get fat from a plant food
and in most parts of the world is it's
not accessible problem on climates well
what else did you want to talk about or
what else what else do you got for us in
but this is the main premise of the idea
that if we consumed you know just the
overall nutrient density of these animal
foods if we
consume them we would be in optimal
health but all its you know if you look
in nature you know do wolves have
crooked teeth or wolves wearing glasses
and it sound kind of crazy but I don't
yeah so I'm okay with the dietary claims
I did a little bit of research before I
had this conversation and it seems like
most of what you're saying appears to be
lining up with with what I've heard and
I haven't heard you say anything to
country but when you start my worry is
when you move from like making pretty
basic dietary claims like for instance
bioavailability vitamins in certain
foods to saying things like wolves have
good eyesight so our eyesight problems
are caused by not eating certain foods I
don't know if that's that's I mean
that's not really what I was getting it
what I was what I was saying was animals
in nature on they're not on their diets
that they normally eat don't have these
problems that we're having I don't even
know if that's true though like I'm one
I don't know how I don't know if the
measure for human eye sight is accurate
for instance is 20/20 vision is that
truly average vision or does that need
to be changed and then to I don't know
if the I don't know if like if humans
need optimal eyesight in the same way
that that wolves do if that's even like
a thing that's necessarily like like if
that's a trait that's is highly selected
for as it is in wolves so for instance
like looking at like certain humans
going well look some humans are very
hairy and they're very healthy because
they look like bears they can survive in
cold climates like bears could and it's
like okay well you know I'm sure that
bears select for thick fur or you know I
think that that selection is probably a
lot more important than than humans
having thick hair I just don't know if I
cite it like saying that if we just eat
like the right diet or I said what I'll
be perfect the correlation wasn't gonna
be towards wolves it was just I was just
kind of mentioning that I mean you know
we have people in our modern society I'm
sure everyone knows people who wear
glasses and people who have perfect
20/20 vision I'm sure people know that
you know people that have needed braces
two or three times born with perfectly
straight teeth this is not yeah and
people and a lot of the things that
people like to correlate to genetics my
belief is that it's
of vitamins throughout developmental
periods especially during pregnancy
prenatal period nursing I linked I link
that video earlier that had the studies
showing that there's a big variance in
various vitamins and DHA levels in
mother's breast milk and you know you
know I mean I can't really
uh-huh Vince people without you know
obviously because there's no like I
could say okay when they analyzed skulls
of s commit of Eskimos and anyway people
the skulls had perfect proportions they
had perfect teeth they had no signs of
dental cavities they had none of those
things and then I could say okay now we
have these problems and then we say
alright what's the difference in
lifestyle it's the diet it's the sun
exposure it's all of these things all of
this data that I've been giving you is
kind of I mean I don't know where you
want me to specifically like try to
point you to more studies and they died
at birth for the person that says in the
chat because they died at birth in the
name of the reasoning Senate of the
Republic knew it was so high in certain
indigenous groups and that once they
passed a certain age much longer was
because of the lack of these vitamins
during the developmental periods as
necessary past a certain age once your
body was developed
please make this guy stop
oh that's the true point as well that
animals that would have health problems
in nature would just die so we wouldn't
see them as often as well maybe but um
[Music]
yeah I guess I'm just not sure how much
of our problems are caused today by like
by it seems like like sugar related
stuff I mean I don't think I'd
necessarily disagree with most of your
broader points though Oh
I mean over this conversation the things
I brought up were okay indigenous groups
consumed these animal foods in their
diet and of certain forms of these
vitamins and forms that are more
available to the human body mm-hmm
that's my first point and I don't think
there's any anything refuting that
yeah probably again I just get very
cautious like correlating like
conditions of older people to current
people when the lifestyle changes are so
dramatically different as well oh it's
it's very difficult to prove because I
mean one we don't really have a lot of
data on these groups of people and you
know even if I can establish that okay
you know these people consume these
vitamins in these animal forms it's very
apparent that they didn't have some
problems that we have now putting two
and two together and actually saying
okay well I mean we could look at babies
fed you know babies that are breastfed
versus babies that are formula fed let
me see if I could find something on that
real quick breast fed versus what a
formula fed what at what's here claim
I'm assuming it's gonna be correlated
with looking for correlation with higher
IQ and birth way oh yeah I don't need
you don't need to show me that the
correlation between IQ and like breast
fed I'm aware of this that's like very
very very mean I mean to me if we can
understand that have these vitamins and
more available forms by our vitamins to
grow optimally the the difficult thing
to prove is that if you were to give sew
on more of these vitamins if it would
actually correlate to yeah that would be
that's alright that's the difficult kind
of the interesting
that I'm aware of is like taking a study
group of maybe like I don't know maybe
like 100 people and having like 20 of
them go to a keto diet 20 of them go to
him we'd only died 20 of them do
whatever and then to do like it sucks
weed you have to do like a longitudinal
or like over like a course of a year to
monitor health benefits and see what
changes like not changing and you're not
making any lifestyle choice changes is
what I'd be really curious to see that's
obviously like a huge burden because I
don't know how much interest there even
is an investigate even on popular diet
it's hard to find data sometimes like
ketogenic diets and stuff so for more
obscure diets it would be even more
difficult yeah but um let me look at let
me just look at this study breastfed
infants vitamin k2 I mean you know I
could I could really beat this to death
and and show that nutrient deficiencies
in in modern diets especially come
I just really don't know where to go
with this because thing is modern diets
are lacking these vitamins yeah I just
don't know if they're lacking these
vitamins because we have because we're
not exclusively eating meat or just
because modern diets like super [ __ ] you
know if you look at if you look at the
nutrient profile of a room and an animal
the muscle meat and the fat
well the muscle meat in particular
doesn't really contain a lot of
nutrition I mean in the case of wild
caught fish if you try to compare like
ribeye steak you know it's a world of a
difference in omega-3 fatty acid content
and you know just eating meat in general
vastly different nutritional profile
than foods like liver brain tissue bone
marrow kidneys you can obtain complete
nutrition profiles from consuming
certain animal foods just only eating
meat is drastically different sure
alright well hey anything else for us in
okay I kind of touched on all the points
I wanted to I mean it doesn't seem
doesn't seem like it's it's too
convincing what I know it's not I mean
it's not like I mean there are some
things that I know to be true I mean
honestly yeah you haven't said anything
that I don't necessarily disagree with
like when I look at it the thing is it
just like I'm
thinking prescriptively is usually how I
think of these things like what can we
tell people to do so on the surface like
all meat diets are never going to happen
because it's totally unsustainable
that's impossible
so what I'm interested in is like how
much of what you're saying is related to
like an all meat diet versus other
factors and what I feel like
and when I say feel this is my intuitive
feeling based on kind of like studies
I've read and whatnot and maybe you'll
even agree with this I feel like of all
the benefits you're talking about I feel
like we could get like 90% of these
benefits by cutting out most sugars and
increasing the amount of physical
exercise we get and that a lot of other
things would kind of fall into play from
there that maybe there are some benefits
maybe some things to be researched or
discovered past that but like going to
the put to the point of doing like an
all meat diet seems like a really
extreme move that one is totally
unsustainable to most people would never
even do and in three I don't think it's
necessary to get like the majority of
the benefits you would from from
radically changing your diet in the
amount of exercise you get every day
that's kind of it's just kind of like my
gut feeling on that you think that a lot
of the modern problems are more related
to negative things in the diet as
opposed to a lack of nutrition in the
diet I feel like so the - I think that
the two most neglected things we have
today are diet and exercise and in the
kind of the Western world in that but
but so like I think that the exercise
probably plays a big role in it [ __ ]
exercise impacts so much [ __ ] [ __ ] in
our lives from hormone production to
quality of sleep we get to likelihood of
depression like there's so much [ __ ]
that ties into the amount of exercise we
get and I'm sure that like exercising at
an early age is gonna have a huge impact
on a lot of developmental stuff as well
so I mean like I mean the exercise part
is probably really [ __ ] important -
that's why I kind of keep pointing back
when we talk about like um when we try
to compare ourselves to older people I'm
sure that the amount of daily activity
they got had a massive impact on the way
that they grow up as well not not just
the food they ate but then also in terms
of food like we do so much [ __ ] it's
kind of like saying like I think that or
well I'm not trying to sermon your
position but like we eat so [ __ ]
horribly today I don't think that we
need to do dramatic changes to our diet
to have a much better diet but things
that like cutting out like most sugars
like everything we eat is so [ __ ]
sugary and so low in nutrients today
that I don't know if we necessarily need
to go to and like an all meat diet to
get most of these to get most of the
benefit that you're kind of talking
about
that's that's kind of like my gut
feeling on that I'm not necessarily
advocating an only meat diet I'm
advocating for a base amount of nutrient
density in the diet yeah being for what
was I think like even the FDA like
advocates that but how many people like
actually like follow even those
guidelines that I think some people
would say are inadequate like I don't
even know if those guidelines are
traditionally followed by most Americans
like our sugar but it is if you look at
if you look at the RDAs and you look at
the magnesium RDA it's 400 milligrams
it's a 400 milligrams RDA of magnesium
but most people don't know that
magnesium and plant foods is bound to an
ox a liqu acid molecule and the
bioavailability of colic acid molecule
is maybe like 20-30 percent and then if
you look at magnesium tor 8 which is
magnesium bound to a taurine molecule
the in animal foods the bioavailability
is much greater so if you attain in the
RDA from both animal and plant food
separately actually be several times
higher in the vitamin RDA the RDAs are a
whole completely different topic to talk
about I mean the RDA for vitamin D is 1
400 IU if you're if you're naked on the
beach for an hour you get hundreds of
thousands of IU of vitamin d3 through
your skin
you know the RDAs are incredibly correct
in in a lot of different ways but like
like I showed you
you know correlation of you know birth
month with hi-8 I showed you you know
the association of consuming animal
products in milk with height ooh you
know the bioavailability of the
nutrients and animal foods you know I
feel like I'm making a reasonably
compelling argument and you know even if
I showed pictures of these Native
Americans and these indigenous people if
we notice their facial structure if we
notice their height and there's
definitely a different level of physical
development but to me you like you and
the chat don't really seem convinced in
any way that there's a coral
directly between the amount of nutrition
in the diet in regards to vitamins
little development so it's it's not so
much that it's just that I've spent
enough time like looking into some of
these fields to know that the arguments
are so insanely [ __ ] complicated that
I just get really nervous describing
like a causal link without having like
100% like concrete like from correlation
to longitudinal studies to biomechanical
explanations for how things happen
to actual like you know double-blind
testing like until you like really start
to build up like it's possible to tell
and there are a lot of fields that kind
of suffer from from these kinds of like
quick jumps like oh well look we see
this so this must be the case and then
then ends up not necessarily being the
case so I guess that's just kind of I
spent like I guess the only field that
I've really touched on with any level of
um with any level of like actual digging
into it would be the things related to
like IQ and to IQ and like genetics and
environment where that topic is so
[ __ ] messy so insanely [ __ ] messy
where even things like separated twins
at birth studies aren't necessarily
going to be good studies to study
genetic differences like where
everything is so [ __ ] messy and and I
guess just coming out of all of that
research I get very hesitant to very
quickly say well look there's hidden
screen that group in that group even
though there's a million different
variables this is definitely the cause I
guess there's a very cautious and making
that jump that's why I usually just
defer to I guess like larger academic
bodies have work to see kind of what the
prevailing opinion is and I just haven't
heard much come out and in terms of
saying that like oh well you know like
an all meat diet it is the best thing
for you now that being said I mean there
are most like I said most of the things
you're saying I don't necessarily
disagree with I think bioavailability in
animal foods is a pretty well-documented
thing right the consumption of meats
especially cooked meats freed up a lot
of time for humans in the past in order
to do other tasks and whatnot I don't
think these are bad things I don't think
they're even disagreeable things I guess
I just get I don't like to jump and make
that the strength of the claim that like
eating better foods will improve our
eyesight and make us grow taller
these thinks these things I mean there's
evidence pointing towards that I agree
but man these are really really really
strong claims it's a pretty big jump but
I mean you know saying saying Italians a
a proportion of grain comparisons to
animal foods when compared to you know
the Dutch in the Netherlands I mean what
else could you really correlate the
height difference to beside well again
like you've got to be really careful
because like when it says that it almost
sounds like you're engaging in kind of
like a post hoc rationalization like
there could be a lot of things that that
might influence that I don't know but I
could spin you up like five tails right
now that that might influence that that
maybe taller people did better in colder
climates because they were able to reach
certain things even if something as dumb
as that or that shorter people did
better in certain climates because of
some reason or that there was less you
know food available on the ground so
they had to be taller in order to hunt
or that certain types of people migrated
at like there's like a million different
potential hypotheses and any person
pushing any particular narrative could
very easily come in and go oh well this
is the reason why this is this and
that's the reason why this is this when
the reality is I'm sure there's like a
massive combination of factors that
determine why certain people are
slightly different than other certain
types of people that that's the only
thing I kind of am worried about I'm
just trying to think of like what
information I could have brought to this
to make this more clear because if you
read you know if you read Weston prices
book nutrition and physical degeneration
a main focus of the book is people would
be on their normal diets and then when
they will go into the cities when they
would start eating modern foods their
teeth would just rot away yeah but again
I mean like that has to be with like
introduction of sugar and whatnot into
the diet right like I don't think that's
necessarily just eating oh but then when
they went back to their indigenous diets
before stopped so yeah like somebody
could have like a cavity and then they
could go back to eating an indigenous
diet and then their cavity would just
stop growing and go away like the tooth
would repair itself er yeah there was a
degree of repair in the tooth
I mean let me try to find that actual
quote in this book real quick gran teen
would regenerate I mean the - obviously
like
like like I know that your enamel can
can repair itself early if you use
toothpaste and [ __ ] that's the point of
fluoride or whatnot but I don't think
that like actual cavities and the tooth
could reverse themselves I mean maybe it
could maybe the decay could stop I don't
even know if that's true though the
cavities already formed I don't know if
the decay will just stop or if it'll
continue until the cavities either
filter I mean this book really focuses
on you know the facial structure and
your development it was like after one
or two generations on a modern food diet
it shows that again I guess I don't know
how big of a deal this seems to you but
huh we're on the indigenous diet you
know they had proper jaw development
they didn't have crooked teeth they
didn't need braces and then the first
and second generations after them after
the parents adopted a modern food diet
didn't have a draw wide enough to
accommodate the teeth so their teeth
will all crooked they needed braces I
mean I don't know how important in this
book they also mentioned that pigs were
born without eyes if they had a lack of
vitamin A in the diet
well I just I'm reading for a second
about this teeth thing I mean this this
is literally like this book is literally
you know it's 320 pages and um you know
I'm a little bit upset I didn't come
into this a little more prepared because
I wasn't sure what questions you were
gonna ask me it's totally fine like I'm
like I'm incredibly like I spent so much
time digging into are you familiar like
race realism I don't know how pie into
politics or whatever you are unless I am
NOT into politics at all but i 100%
understand how you need to critique
every single word that comes out it's
just like it's one of those things where
it's like like when i dug into race
realism my hope was that like okay well
I'm gonna go in here and I'm gonna
figure out what's going on and [ __ ]
Christ that conversation is so [ __ ]
complicated and like I came like I went
into that you know I'm not area when I
go to these topics I'm the same as a lot
to know but damn like I went into that
expecting to find answers and I came out
like so scared to make any decorative
statements on on anything related to
like environment or genetics influencing
some trait like all of it is so [ __ ]
complicated the way that it plays into
each other so anytime and then like
diets are insane and I'm you know this
right diets are insanely [ __ ]
complicated where nothing is absolutely
clear you know the just because you
ingest a certain amount of a vitamin
doesn't mean that's going to be
available for your body to consume even
if your body can consume it your body
might not be able to utilize it even if
it utilizes it there might be certain
things that inhibit you know the
efficiency of it like there's so much
[ __ ] that goes into this there's
definitely a lot to it but and I don't
think anybody's gotten close to like
solving any of these things we're like
we can say like for 100 like oh well if
you just do this like this thing will
absolutely happen and we can prescribe
this thing and it will fix definitely
like these things like all of it just
seems so I get really nervous when
somebody kind of like provides like a
one-stop like catch-all like oh well if
we just all eat meat this will fix all
of these problems those answers always
seem a little bit too simple to me and
there's so much groundwork that has to
be laid to 100% proof let's I don't want
to say hang if we just start eating meat
that'll sup know I mean each animal food
specifically has a certain vitamin
content depending on how it was raised
and I mean if I don't want to use an
animal example so let's use a tribal
example Native Americans used to feed
specific foods to pregnant
a nursing woman to ensure fertility huh
like fish eggs fish roe liver and when
you actually look at the nutrient
content of these foods you know there's
a reason they were feeding into the
pregnant woman they were exponentially
higher in nutrients than all the other
animal foods but if I made a really
blanket statement like right now
ZZZ is we need glasses we need braces
right and these indigenous people and
one main factor is the diet and and you
and you would try to argue that mental
factors that oh they didn't they needed
to see because they were on ting or all
well they needed to be talked as they
need to cover is that your your main
basis what's that I know yeah what I'm
not saying that that is the reason I'm
saying this could be explanations I'm I
don't I don't know I am agnostic someone
just said that there's no diet that is
universally good in and if we look at
these indigenous group there there's a
huge variance and what they would have
eaten mm-hmm you might have an African
coastal tribe that literally subsisted
off of fish called the niors that any
urs and they were known for being very
tall over well over 6 feet or I think
over six and a half feet in many cases
the Masai real quick something this is
kind of what I was familiar with was it
the idea was that our jaws today can't
have we don't have enough room for all
of our teeth anymore
that was kind of like my impression I'm
just going through an article now and
there could be more here but like
basically the idea was that our heads
have gotten so small over time that we
just can't fit all of the teeth in our
mouth you're saying what how long would
you consider that to be like hundreds or
thousands of years um I think hundreds
of the I think hundreds of thousands of
years okay so I have a picture uh-huh of
my great-grandfather that had a
drastically wider jaw and facial
development than me uh-huh
so this is my ground this is my
grandfather grandfather
then let me try to find a picture of me
with my shirt on because that's all I
post on Twitter hold on I got a silly
picture from Halloween well here what
I'm curious of is it like is there an
example of like modern-day people look
at my grandfather like and my
great-grandfather and myself we have
very similar facial features but my face
is drastically narrower than his mm-hmm
and you think this is just because of
diet I think this is specifically
because he received more nutrition
during developmental stages of his life
like he was breastfed whereas I was
formula fed I think he received more
nutrition during the key developmental
stages of his life particularly prenatal
health you know during the pregnancy
breastfeeding you know indigenous groups
used to feed children for a minimum of
two years and some indigenous groups
breastfed their children for up to 4 to
5 years and that was not unusual 2 years
was on the lower side
cha-cha wants to see my shower wants to
see my Chad grandfather
I once said that poor I'm trying hold on
the chats going fast there's evidence to
support facial development is tied to
the hardness of food we eat during
childhood you might say that but why are
their babies born with much wider jaws
than other babies and then why are there
children that are 1 or 2 years of age
that have drastically wider faces when
they're always being pressed also didn't
have people living the argument showing
argument it just doesn't make any sense
to me when when the hardness of the food
in what we eat versus what indigenous
groups of people used to eat was was not
no significant difference
if I can find you a skull structure of
Inuits
so an evolutionary biologist Daniel
Lieberman at Harvard University
conducted an elegant study in 2004 on
high racsos fed soft cooked foods and
tough raw foods hired chewing strangers
ulted in more growth in the bone that
anchors the teeth he showed that the
ultimate length of a jaw depends on the
stress put on it during chewing
selection for jaw length is based on the
growth expected given a hard or tough
diet in this way dye determines how well
jaw length matches tooth size but what
what's the argument that is harder than
we eat now I just don't see that well I
can represent it here is that in this
way dyed it's a fine balancing act and I
species has had 200,000 years get it
right the problem for us is that for
most of the time our ancestors didn't
feed their children the kind of mush we
feed ours today our teeth don't fit
because they evolved instead to match
the longer jaw that would develop an a
more challenging strain environment ours
are too short because we don't give them
the workout nature Express expects us to
so the argument in this article is that
chewing things more would lead to
greater bone growth during adolescence
that would cause you to grow a jaw that
would be able to accommodate the average
amount of teeth that a human has we see
their address and you could google
pictures of babies there are Jurassic
differences in mouth and facial width of
just babies when they're born straight
out of the mother's womb well yeah but
that can one or two years of life but
that there's a genetic differences right
but Janette aren't my argument is that
genetics are determined but you could
probably even find a woman who's who's
given birth to multiple children and the
the width of their draw decreases as she
loses nutrients and and gives birth to
more children I mean that's possible but
that was true that should be me that
should be demonstrated in a study if
that's true right that like as women get
older they don't like this hard versus
soft food argument because children are
typically breastfed for early stages of
their life and how does that have in him
and if there are drastic differences in
facial structure of young children and
why are we correlate especially the
width of the the mouth and the jaw then
why are we trying to argue soft versus
hard food I just don't understand well I
don't know that children exclusively
drink best breast milk growing up or I
mean during in indigenous groups they
were breastfed for a minimum of two
years yeah but what I mean is when they
exclusively breastfed or were they
breastfed and then they also ate other
things as well although exclusively
breastfed and then foods would be
incorporated you know two three years
into their life I don't understand what
what foods are you going to feed a child
that are harder than the foods we have
now I think most children that are 2 to
3 years of age now are chewing much
harder foods than our ancestors were
wait no no way today we feed them like
formula and things out of like gerb or
jars and [ __ ] like they're get ok by 100
but what food would you have fed a child
that is harder than what we have now 100
years ago I mean any type of meat or
vegetable if you take meat and usually
the indigenous groups fed their children
raw meat and I mean I don't know how
many of you guys have had steak tartare
carpaccio or certain cuts of raw meat
and not even raw meat if we look at egg
yolks if we look at brain tissue bone
marrow butter fat cream these animal
foods are very very soft they're not
actually that hard knowing on like not
knowing on osso bucco here that's not
they're chewing if anything I would
argue that the foods we give to children
now are much harder from cereal what
would what would child have for lunch
typically
if you had cereal for breakfast I mean
cereal I would consider a hard food
I don't think cereals are hard food no
no not at all when I think of a hard
food I think of something that requires
chewing you typically don't chew cereal
the same way that you would like chew on
on something more I don't know like
fibrous I'm trying to think of an
example of like some type of vegetable
that like like even something like I'm
not broccoli whatever require more
chewing than like than like a piece of
cereal that's like 90% air no like but I
think this is just I mean I carrots and
stuff like that sure but you have to the
the thing you have to understand is now
didn't exist a hundred years ago let
alone hundreds of years ago Oh like
creation of pretty if you look at diets
in places even like a hundred to two
hundred years ago you know they didn't
have access to fruits and vegetables
because there was no such thing as
refrigeration and it was very seasonally
based come from grains and animal foods
and that was it your choice of nutrition
over the over the course of most of the
year was either ugly and then just
whatever animal foods you had access to
I'm sorry somebody chat wait how do you
not choose cereal so cereal so there are
things that you can chew I don't know
how to explain this but like if you eat
foods like even like an apple or like a
carrot there are things that you chew
that you like really have to chew it
will leave your jaw feeling like you've
like had to work it out
cereal is not like this at all when you
eat cereal it's like cereals like you
like you barely crunch it and then it's
been yeah like it if you take like a
bite out of a steak and it's like it
tenderizes it slightly but then you
gotta keep taking bites out yeah yeah
like something like meaty stuff yeah
it's gonna be way different than like
cereals not something you chew I mean
like you chew it you don't if you bite a
piece of cereal it like breaks down yeah
but you're never gonna eat cereal and
feel like your jaw is tired from eating
cereal like it just doesn't work that
way the only the only main gripe I have
with the the hardness of the food
argument is just looking at the very
very young children ya know and again I
like I just it's just stuff I need
empirical dunno I'm just I'm trying to
find like because I think this random
link says that the prehistoric diet was
mainly a breast feeding so I'm curious
if um like up to what age do you have to
well actually I guess we can just look
at the original how everything goes I
used to have studies that and I don't
know if it was from the Australian
breast feeding Society uh-huh
I there was one group of indigenous that
breastfed till they were like seven
years old it was something crazy uh
because I don't know how long you have
to eat and choose stuff until your drug
grows like maybe this is a process that
you can do up until you're 14 15 16 or
maybe up until your into your
mid-twenties when puberty completely
stops her whatever
I mean I don't know how how relevant
this is there was an awful was a
documentary there was a guy I think his
name was Gail say it he was on the Joe
Rogan podcast he talked about how a
tribe of monkeys started eating garbage
out of a resort that was built and they
were eating a lot of cake and these
monkeys developed tuberculosis within a
generation or two and just died and and
tuberculosis is and if you read Weston
prices book it just seems to be a
disease that kills people when they go
on modern diets in the absence of
vaccinations let me see if I could find
that
I don't think I'll be able to find that
but look at like me work availability
nature and they try to kind of relate
that to how you would have even been
able to obtain your calories or is that
way time so I said it again do we want
to look at availability of calories in a
natural environment the outside of the
context of modern refrigeration and
transportation that's I don't know I'm
just curious right now what causes our
teeth to fit in our mouth that's the
only question I'm curious about right
now is if as if a lot of adolescent
chewing can actually impact whether or
not our our teeth fit in our face or if
this is just a giant thing I mean if you
scroll through the the Weston Price book
they have
this generation of parents following a
modernized diet of refined grains and
flours and jams and canned foods the
facial structure children was much more
narrow and they lacked the jaw with to
accommodate the teeth let me see if I
could find a specific quote from the
book
because it seems like the the amount of
chewing that seems to be something that
because I'm singing this in another area
as well and a report published online
this week in the Proceedings of the
National Academy of Sciences she
concludes at the transition of farming
which involved the domestication of
plants and animals a major increase in
food processing and this consumption of
easier to chew food altered the shape of
the human jaw making it shorter and less
robust and the shortening of the jaw she
suggests led to greater cutting the
teeth and the orthodontist pills that
plagued many modern families as for
whether these changes in jaw shape or
did a natural selection over many
generations or simply changes that arise
anew and each growing infant von kramm
on table Atal cites experimental studies
showing that animals raised on softer
more processed foods grow smaller jaws
than those fed fresh unprocessed foods
but even if the jaw alterations were due
to natural selection she concludes they
would have taken place over a relatively
short period of evolutionary time would
that would that explain why we have a
lot of modern people that still have its
genetic and a lot of modern people that
have this draw with and proper facial
development without while having you
know without the need for braces they
have plenty of room in their mouth for
these teeth you know there are modern
people that have that and then there are
people that are polar opposites that
needed braces multiple times corrective
jaw surgery and things like that wait
what's the question
alright you're saying that past
generations were chewing harder foods
and that's why differently than ours now
but what about modern people that seem
to have proper facial development and
don't need braces I don't know who were
they trying harder for in adolescence
where they just genetically born with
larger jaws like I'm not sure and that's
what I'm saying I mean my my theory is
that and the information that I've
presented here is to try to correlate of
you know the mother's diet the child's
diet during developmental periods is
what gauges whether or not the body has
enough vitamins and minerals to even
form the skeletal structure of the face
and uh
um skulls of primitive Indians
and I mean you want to look at like like
pictures of skulls in the primitive
Indians I mean well I can this isn't
like this isn't like you're you I know
that you have your explanation and I
don't deny that these correlations exist
I'm just rejecting that it's that we can
say it's causal because the correlation
exists like that said I'm just saying
that your claim is very strong and that
to get to that very strong claim like
experimental data and biological
mechanisms are really important here oh
so you're saying like we've kind of
established that you know these people
had perfect facial development and they
were consuming you know certain amounts
of animal foods but to now prove is that
it's not due to things like chewing
harder food environmental changes
exercise things like that yeah that
maybe you take new people you could grow
one on a meat diet you could take
another person and put them on a meat
diet but all their meat goes into a
milkshake blender first and maybe the
first person grows up with a healthy
straw or whatever on the second person
doesn't and it's not actually the
nutrients it's the environmental impact
it's the actual working of the jaw that
lengthens the jaw that causes the teeth
to fit in the mouth that that could be
possible I don't know if that's true or
not I'm saying that could be a possible
explanation but I've said this a couple
times already but then how would you
explain a drastic with a facial
difference between two young children
would you say that's genetic I mean it
could just be genetic variation what do
you mean I mean there's Janet that's
part of having kids right genes vary
from child to child
in you know if the environment if the
diet of people and where they're living
isn't what determines their genetics
over the course of years and years and
years I mean then what would really do
that though if what can you say that
again and if we might what I was gonna
say was if you plant a lien person in
the Netherlands for ten generations
mm-hmm you know I'm sure they would
Paul ER and they would start developing
because if we can argue that all I mean
and that kind of humans migrated from
various parts of Africa it's at
different parts of the world yeah
that's generally accepted by people so
if the original human was from African
descent and it migrated all then what
determined features such as our skin
color type of hair hi wouldn't all of
these things be determined by the
environment that we're living in and one
part of that be diet it can be sure what
and if that doesn't explain it then what
does well but what I'm saying is that
like part of it could be diet but part
of it could be other environmental
factors as well so for instance when we
talk about like perfect jaws that might
be chewing growing up rather than types
of food eaten or or the nutrients of the
food available that might be more of an
exercise thing than a nutrition thing I
mean if you had a picture of a baby that
came right out of a mother's womb and it
had a very wide jaw and wide lips and
then you took a picture of a baby that
had a very narrow jaw and narrow lips
you would just say that's purely genetic
well it could be it could be genetic it
could be based on the mother's diet but
also the child would the wide draw maybe
they grow up if they eat only soft foods
and their jaw doesn't accommodate like
all the teeth that they would have
growing up I may be the one with the
smaller jaw grows up to accommodate all
the teeth anyway like but what but what
then why do all indigenous groups that
were still close to their diet such as
various African tribes Australian
Aborigines Native Americans why do they
all have very specifically wide faces
and lip development like these
indigenous groups in various parts of
the world although they look different
their face
features are incredibly similar in
regards to the lip development and let
me just I'll bring up I'll bring up
three pictures of three different
indigenous groups we have everybody's
the individual pictures don't say much
right way like we're talking it we need
to talk about wide groups of people
right how many pictures of Native
Americans ooh I'm gonna give you like
ten well not pictures we'd be talking
about like averages between groups of
people so like some sort of study across
all the collected skulls or whatever of
certain things and then comparing these
facial features and then creating a
dataset not right
chewing gives lamp gauge what's done
could I could I find that information I
mean I don't know this is a really
[ __ ] hard [ __ ] I mean I could find I
could find that information but here
would be interesting information okay is
are there Studies on historic people
that had mainly plant-based diets and
then Studies on historic people that had
mainly meat based diets and the
historical people would that ate more
plants than meat ended up having shitty
jaws compared to the people that ate
more meats because I was under the
understanding that most ancient people
had we're doing really good as far as
teeth go as regardless of whether or not
they ate more meat or more plants which
would lend a little bit more credence to
the idea that chewing things and having
less processed foods grew you cost an
environmental interaction with our jaws
that made them accommodate our teeth
more so than just eating more meat no
but the constant the constant factor in
all of those indigenous diets is that 65
percent of their calories as a minimum
came from animal foods but is that is
that really true though I don't think
that's true
that every single group of people all
indigenous peoples had 65 percent of
their calories coming from animals that
were ride from 55% to like 80 percent
and even some indigenous groups would
consume only me like the Inuits and they
asked the most what the reason I wanted
to bring up the nature argument is
because pole to climate the only
possible way you could procure just in
general in any climate in any part of
the world before modern agriculture and
humans have existed for long periods of
time before modern agriculture Jarrid
enough calories from nature was from
animal foods 100 100 percent there's no
source of nutrition from plant foods pre
agriculture it was animal based diet and
then grain started to take place a lot
of
who is depending on accessibility in
this book the nutrition and physical
generation has they look at skulls of
different types of Indians they looked
at children showing changes in facial
and dental arch formation from modern
foods
in the in the indigenous Seminole
Indians this were normal
with freedom from facial distortion in
contrast with this the Indians of
Florida who are living today in contact
with modern civilized foods bunch of
teeth they had much more tooth decay and
showed a typical deformation with
crowding of the teeth and narrowing of
the face conditions that have been found
in all human stocks went on an
inadequate nutrition during the
formative and early growth period this
is on page just eat healthy lool
and some young college student trying to
prove a point from a single book you
read the two primary books I mean Weston
price and traditional nutrition visiting
you have Vollmer Stephan says the fat of
the land there are a lot of but pretty
much any sort of write-up on
tribes I've heard a lot about I can't
remember the name of the book I think
it's called something with the word
white man and it's a book on Native
American Indians and what they used to
eat I've heard a lot of books on like
tribes on the Dinka on the Masai a lot
of studies on them as well okay I'll do
more I'll try to do more research into
the into I guess like these prehistoric
diets and see how much variance it was
from one group to another and then maybe
we can revisit the conversation when I
get a little bit more information about
it or yeah I mean there's definitely you
know even me it's just I'm kind of I'm
all over the place with you know the
various topics that I talk to related to
this huh it it to like a marketable kind
of way Oh close to diets people are
following now but difficult because the
main thing holding back this information
is the lack of data on these people sure
it I mean you could look at what the
indigenous Aborigines ate all you want
you could look you could look at what
they looked like and you could put two
and two together but Oh like correlative
or causative Studies on this then you
know argue this point is it's it's
difficult good thing okay all right well
hey I appreciate the conversation but do
you have any final parting words if you
guys are interested in this I mean you
can read that book that's a pretty good
explanation also pretty good one I mean
that's really it like you have to be
pretty open-minded and read these books
and then then there's still a lot of you
know even when I initially read these I
still had a lot of reservations about
this
Aharon interested I can't I can't blame
twitch I didn't I didn't honestly for
the first half of this conversation I'd
even know you were live on stream so oh
[ __ ] sorry I know it's okay thank ya I
mean honestly fine if I thought it was I
thought if I knew this was gonna be live
I would have prepared a lot more
information I'm kind of just uh had some
I had some stuff together and I had an
account of the points I was gonna argue
so presented a decent amount of
information if people want to look at it
but I mean I can understand that if
people don't have like a black and white
concrete thing that you could put in
front of them it's very difficult to and
there's so much conflicting stuff to a
lot of conflicting theories on every
single in of these topics but uh I don't
want to take up any more any time I know
chat isn't really too enthusiastic about
this topic so uh thanks for having me on
I think if you are interesting reading
this I'll try to I mean just let me know
like what like what specifically you
want to talk on and I'll try to have as
many resources as possible okay cool all
right well hey I appreciate the
conversation yeah enjoy the rest of the
weekend guys yep
[Music]
