wait are you the person I'm fanatic me
yeah perfect okay to make sure oh all
right wait before we do this introduce
yourself to the chat okay um my name is
fnatic my real name is Lauren Riley I am
a professional musician by trade now
that's right before living but before
that I played video games oh [ __ ] wait
what do you play what instrument or
instruments I play the piano once I'm on
your stream you played I did a Skype
remix someone called me on skype and I
just started playing the piano ok I know
who you are gotcha I remember yep yeah
so I play the piano but I also play for
other instruments I kind of just have a
natural affinity for it so I've played
I've never had lessons but I played by
ear I probably have I just have a really
really extremely sharp ear that's there
like I can hear songs and play it quite
that's awesome yeah I'm really good with
that being said I particularly like your
stream I very much enjoy your your style
of debate I think the video you just or
what you just did right now like picking
apart the router video I've done that
exact same thing pause and get it almost
identically every single part cause do
that ok um
I think we share similar ideologies on
most things the difference is I have a
particularly Christian background oh
[ __ ] um yeah here we go
I was raised in a I say cult-like
environment but it was particularly
hyper conservative and environment both
of my parents are very stalwart
Christians I was born at the pastor's
house none of us none of me nor none of
my siblings ever received like
immunizations or shots or any of those
kind of things weren't allowed to listen
to secular music whatsoever I've never
seen my mother and make up my parents
didn't wear wedding rings because it was
jewelry and etc I was raised from the
Bible we would go to church five five
times a week my parents currently old
church at their house where my mother is
the pastor where people come though I've
been pretty deeply entrenched in the
Christian faith I don't practice it the
way I was raised
I've grown past that a lot but I've read
the Bible like countless times I've
still
actively read the Bible particularly
well-informed on that okay I think that
where we run into a bit of an issue is
when you compare radical Islam to
radical Christianity and I think you you
have and I hope that doesn't come off as
an insult but I think that you have a I
don't think you're very well informed
when Protestant Christianity as a poll
and the ideology that that is
encapsulated new testing Bible in one of
your videos from one of your debates you
were I watch her to base most of the
time like if I'm driving somewhere I
have I swear might as well be narcolepsy
I will fall asleep anytime I have fall
asleep when stream all the time if I'm
not actively doing something I fall
asleep one of the things that actively
waits me up is debates because it just
gets me to speaking very very heavily so
I can be you know particularly exhausted
I think I'm always I always am I never
get sleep and debates will do that so I
was watching your debate on them radical
which woman was affecting the country
more radical Christianity versus radical
Islam yeah and I agree with your point
that radical Christianity I mean I don't
think I think it's objectively true
radical Christianity
I'm affects the United States more than
radical Islam I mean but I I think the
way that you get to the point is a
little bit incorrect for one if you
start looking at just the difference in
the disparity in the population whereas
over sixty five percent of people in
this country identify as Christians
whereas only one percent of this country
identified as Muslim and at that point
you start running into an obvious like
you know the sixty five percent of the
population is obviously going to affect
things a lot more but the main point
that I wanted to make when you make the
comparison between radical Islam and
radical Christianity I think you're only
able to make that comparison because of
a lack of information about what
Christianity is and when you start
talking about the fact that there is
literally not a single injunction to
violence in any of the New Testament
Scriptures that I think at that point
that is what Christianity is it would be
radical peace radical peace now you
could obviously want to talk about okay
well the Catholic Church and what they
have done I don't particularly believe
that the path that I'm Catholic Church
is a Christian H Christian
if the Christian organization I would
say that the Catholic Church is is much
more rooted in political ideology and I
think we can look at that through
history and what they reformed through
if you really remember you know
historically right like not not not
looking at the Bible just look at any
historian and it's like factually true
that the Catholic Church originally
prosecuted or persecuted the Christian
Church if we look at like the catacombs
and what happened in Rome and the
Colosseum's that they were particularly
persecuting the Christian Church they
might use the name Christian now but
their ideology and their practice is
completely um disagree or diverge from
what is talked about in the Bible itself
they don't even use the exact same Bible
obviously but yeah so when you when you
start talking about radical Islam versus
radical Christianity and and the reason
why there is a reef Reformation of the
Christian faith is specifically of what
which used to be Judaism is because of
the New Testament the New Testament it's
pretty up he's like very much a lot of
what was found in the Old Testament
Bible oh I don't know if this is like a
Catholic I don't know if this is a
Catholic different differentiation on
interpretation of Scripture or maybe you
just maybe you might know just more than
me and I'm just totally wrong here
but I very specifically remember being
told several times by our religious
instructors that the New Testament did
not usurp the Old Testament Jesus
himself says I did not come here to to
rule against the old prom the old
prophecies but to fulfill them right I'm
uncomfortable like the Catholic part of
me would be uncomfortable saying the New
Testament like overrides the Old
Testament right I understand that did
you say to change the law
Yeah right yeah and and the way that
plays out you can see in I mean God you
just see it all throughout the Bible
like all of the various times in which
he does exactly that
where he specifically goes through and
says hey before we used to say this but
now I'm saying this right well but
didn't did Jesus really
I don't so oh my god dude okay hold on I
might if I'm ever wrong on something
feel free to [ __ ] call me out cuz
this is a really old [ __ ] so I always
saw Jesus's appearance in modern day in
zero BC or 4380 whenever [ __ ]
whatever right when Jesus came and and
he made that statement I'm not here to
overturn the old law but to fulfill it
the examples that Jesus gave wasn't like
wasn't like the old law said this wrong
thing and this is how you should really
do it it was usually like more extreme
versions of some older laws like for
instance wet win-win [ __ ] is it I want
to say it's the Sermon on the Mount is
that the one where like Moses or some
old prophet told us that if somebody
slaps their cheek to turn at seven times
or whatever and Jesus says I say to you
don't forgive your brother seven times
but seventy-seven times right is it was
this a Sermon on the Mount yeah so like
it but like um it didn't seem like Jesus
ever came into like whatever you learned
in the old law is not true but more like
I'm going to take the law and expand
upon it right right well there's it was
always at a more extreme version for
instance there was one point where it
said you know an eye for an eye for a
tooth for tooth for tooth and he's like
now I'm telling you turn the other cheek
right and there was one where he'd be
like hey you know that they said give
10% I'm saying give out of the abundance
of your heart then there was you know
like and so on and so forth there's like
countless examples where he did that
sharing so Jesus though but then Jesus
in practice 100% contradicted so many of
the traditions and laws that were in the
Bible sure especially in regards to like
forgiveness I would argue that Jesus it
seems to me that the Jesus who is God I
guess if you believe in the Trinity I
don't know I think it's just a Catholic
thing but like that Jesus himself was
far more forgiving than thing God was
God was pretty [ __ ] spiteful in the
Old Testament but Jesus seems pretty
forgiving of sins in the new yeah yeah
as far as like radition is about like
you know there was a point where they
went they were really upset at him
because they didn't wash their hands
before he before they ate he was like
wait a minute you guys you guys are
following tradition for no reason like
you don't even understand the concept
all that so yeah he did do that now
here's the thing so Jesus
obviously all of his disciples and if
you really pay attention to what his
disciples did it and what pau himself
did littered throughout the entire Bible
there are unbelievable amounts of
Scripture that specifically mentioned
that the Old Testament which is the law
of Moses which is where you would get a
lot of the practices that talked about
things like Deuteronomy right all of
that is completely done away with and I
mean it's literally everywhere if I can
read to you a few examples if you don't
mind yeah and I guess um all right bro
so romans 6 and 14 it says you're not
under the law but under grace the law is
obviously the law of Moses right and if
you can read it for context you get it
um Galatians 5:19 once you were born
again you are not under the law and of
course obviously if you're talking about
being born again the very first time
being born again was ever introduced
into the Bible in any way shape or form
it was through Jesus yeah Jesus there
was a speech where he said to someone
unless you're born again you cannot
inherit the kingdom of heaven and they
asked him wait how can you be be born
eight how can you be born again are you
gonna enter the womb and be born a
second time and of course obviously you
know the later on it was expounded upon
through the cross and whatever and the
very first time that was ever introduced
it was a completely foreign concept sure
that obviously was a New Testament yeah
yeah yeah I think my understanding of
that idea again as a Catholic because I
don't know what the non Catholic
interpretation of this or Protestant
interpretation of this wait which one he
was in on Katherine its Protestant right
that's [ __ ] savages the the my
understanding of this was that nobody
like was able to go to heaven or any
[ __ ] like that until Jesus came and
that the sacrament of baptism I think is
what allows you to wash off your
original sin receive the grace of God
and that after Jesus died he went into
the underworld and he brought up with
him all the people that didn't have the
chance to ascend to heaven save for a
view a few people that um there's a name
for that like ascended immediately to
heaven but otherwise yeah that was the
point of Jesus dying on the cross and
everything okay sure okay so when you
basically when you come down to that
right when you start reading through
them right that was only a few but it
goes over like but one last example yes
this is alright for as much as we have
heard that certain which went out from
us have troubled you with words
subverting your souls saying he must be
circumcised and keep the law to whom we
gave no such commandment right that's
just like it's very obvious right
because the law circumcision that
started with that what that was in
Leviticus after eight days and so forth
right um it's very very obvious if you
look at pretty much every scripture in
the New Testament that all of the law
was completely done away with okay like
all of it so then with that with that
being said if you take away all those
scriptures it's not cherry-picking if
you eliminate literally all of those
scriptures then you wind up with this
New Testament where there are and I'm
not exaggerating here literally zero
injunctions to do violence not a single
one okay if you don't have any
injunctions to do violence and then by
the way I'm not one of these retards
running around here assuming that you
know Oh radical Islam is such a huge
threat it doesn't constantly I mean
goodness handguns do so much more you
know whatever so so I'm not one of those
people but radical it Islam if you were
to practice the the the Quran in the way
in context as it is preached as it is as
the words are there there is no
Reformation there is no New Testament in
when it I mean this is where a Muslim
would argue that there are different
hadiths that you could follow that do
prescribe a pretty much non-violence
that it is very possible to have a loyal
interpretation and to follow a very
strict set of Hadees that do not allow
for violence against like civilians or
anything and and not like everybody
that's non-muslim is isn't as a
combatant or whatever I'm I'm a hundred
percent positive that like a well-versed
Muslim would make this argument insofar
as their interpretation of the Quran and
in which who dates they choose to follow
sure okay I guess someone could probably
choose to misinterpret the Old Testament
in Leviticus and then say hey you know
trust me we can avoid all of this
violence because the injunctions are
there the injunctions are there like in
the Quran itself now obviously there's
more text right like if you look at the
Jewish faith you'll have new texts that
come out not that are not considered
Bible but they are like text that are
you know
that are observed by the parishioners of
specific seconds of Judaism that would
allow people to then stop doing things
like sacrifices and so on and so forth
which is why they don't follow like to
the letter of the law anymore because
certain things have come to usurped that
but overall if you take the text for
what it is like it without adding on
additional text right this is where you
get the word fundamentalist if you're a
fundamentalist practice or of Islam the
text in there does give you several
injunctions to do violence and we watch
it happen time and time and time again
historically um I mean this is kind of
where I would step in to like so moving
past like the theological argument um I
guess like but I would look for is like
demonstrations of stuff that's happened
throughout history for how I choose to
view a religion and I mean like sure
Christians are the are the people that
new people I mean the United States is I
would argue largely or at least has been
largely like a Christian nation our
leaders pray to God our leaders
reference God and then we go to war on
foreign soil and we'd kill a [ __ ] ton of
people and whatnot I mean I have a hard
time buying that like just because
Christianity has a pure text that that
makes it like intrinsically good or
something well I think this argument
that I think you would agree like I
don't believe this is a Christian if
this was a Christian nation and I think
things like abortion and whatnot it
would be completely sensible obviously
like saying okay no we're just gonna
make well but they try really hard to
it's only very recently we've overcome
that and if you want to go with the
argument this isn't a Christian nation I
could buy that sure but then I'm sure as
[ __ ] I'm not gonna say that like the
people in Iraq that form like Isis and
[ __ ] that these guys are that these guys
are 100 percent religiously motivated
because a lot of this [ __ ] comes down to
geopolitics
so so I mean like the thing is that like
if you would have any Muslim majority
country go to war with another country
and their leader would have come out and
say something like I prayed to Allah and
he guided me in this way and now we're
going to war we would be 100% on board
saying like that's the holy war this is
some crazy Muslim [ __ ] we need to do
something but when George Bush says [ __ ]
like I prayed to God and this is what he
told me to do or when Trump holds up the
Bible and says this is the most
important book ever written we don't say
well those aren't Christian acts those
are just you know
those individuals will [ __ ] is an
atheist that's some scary [ __ ] to me
when a guy is saying like I'm holding up
the Bible and this is the most important
book like I don't know what the [ __ ]
interpretation you're taking from that
or how that's gonna play out
sure okay well here's where we went into
the issue okay so when Muslims do it
right when Muslims do that and they say
oh this is what you're doing so on and
so forth right
it's literally well-founded the women I
don't think that matters whether it's
well-founded any huh guys
well it does particularly because you
cannot find that same injunction in a
Christian faith and and what you have in
is is where you have individual
politicians who subscribe to the
Christian faith um who happened to be
leaders and intimate ever try to try to
divorce 100% anything that they're
practicing from their faith would not be
that wouldn't be a genuine I mean that
would be disingenuous but it doesn't
change the fact that as a whole this is
not a Christian nation like the
Christianity is not 100 percent route
like theirs we have easi have separation
of church and state it's like I mean you
say that but we have in God you trust on
our money we swear in holy books in
order to swear in you know when we when
we go under oath you know our president
reference our head of state references
god on it on it every day he gives a
speech like I mean like you can say that
we're not like we're not like a
theocracy sure but I think that religion
is still a really important part of who
we are as Americans sure I I didn't I
didn't say that religion didn't have a
huge influence over over individual
practices and because of the fact that
the vast majority of the country is
Christian then obviously is going to
have its influence as it hope but it is
there's an obvious codified divorce
between Christianity and the United
States and as you said you chose to use
the word holy books right we swear in a
holy book we've had people swearing on
the Quran like it happened that in and
of itself because obviously these things
are diametrically opposed is indicative
of the fact that this is not a Christian
nation do you agree with that the fact
that we do wait with the fact we do what
was a lot of the fact that the fact that
when we have a codified separation
between Christianity and and and the
politics and because of the fact that we
have
um people are able to square in on the
Quran as has happen I think those two
things together are indicative of the
fact that this is not Christian nation I
guess it maybe has to acknowledge that
Christian that religion has an influence
on individual practices which make up
