hey guys what's up we're gonna episode
12 of the DT podcast I'm trying here by
my wonderful friend mr. Michael trihex
how're you doing to anybody
hey what's up man do it you know feeling
feeling pretty good you know um Black
History Month February we're out here
it's flying by I feel like I feel like
January was like a slugs pace of a month
and then like I'm blinking now it's
already past you know it's already like
almost halfway right it [ __ ] we're
almost at Valentine's Day tomorrow
actually so look this is flying by now
by comparison February what are you
doing for you doing anything special for
Valentine's Day do you guys celebrate
her we celebrate I honestly I kind of
forgot about it I was in kind of a
scramble to like to like stream better
in 2019 so in in that scramble I kind of
forget what day it was so you know you
get in that habit of like you're on the
grind and you just kind of the only
thing really making you give a [ __ ]
about what what date it is I mean I know
what day of the week it is but the date
is like when you order things off Amazon
or some extraneous factor irrelevant to
your stream is why you care about the
date suddenly mm-hmm so like I thought
today was like I thought like yes it was
like the six and I found out it was like
the [ __ ] the 12th and I'm like oh
[ __ ] dude I gotta figure I'm doing with
Valentine's Day soon see we might look a
cute little dinner thing waiting my
girlfriend
Valentine's Day right is that tomorrow
yes tomorrow oh yeah okay gotcha
and you might be right we got
Valentine's Day tomorrow and then we got
a actually do it that's not important
even though yeah I'm gonna go I'm gonna
probably gonna have some we're gonna
have some nice dinner because of me and
her or we're simple I mean we do we do
like a meal prep out that week and we do
a cheat meal once a week so cheat meal
an extra cheat meal is like the way it
right right to her heart
like me and her eating on getting chi
food is like always a grand experience
but that's irrelevant don't like look
does she do the gym stuff like you do
yeah she works out with me let me work
out together three times a week well
that's um yeah is it's it's a well you
know jumping Soulja feels like the
product one of the most important
aspects to make you maintain being
motivated when you go solo it's just
like it's such like a you've known the
vibe off of you have no one giving you
accountability other than yourself and
that eventually I feel where's
especially for like running low on like
really sick albums listen to I would say
okay but yeah Valentine's Days I'm a big
dude though let's talk about the real
holiday coming up here which is a the
new meta March 14th you know what that
is no should I
what's a March 14th stake in a [ __ ]
day oh it's kind uh we could talk about
more in March but that's the pot but you
knew about that joke was coming up here
yeah no I think I would be like
ideologically opposed to that like if
you mark that it's like a special
holiday wouldn't that be a reason not to
do it any other day I don't want
somebody thinking that whoa whoa the 900
IQ here okay [ __ ] now let me clarify I
mean let me backpedal now real quick
here I didn't say I celebrated I just
thought it was like it's the new meta
holiday this man actually can condone it
would just be like imagine if there was
like a be nice to your girlfriend or
boyfriend day like I don't want that to
be like one holiday out of 365 days yeah
heard that dude heard that but no yeah
everything's been everything's been
pretty good okay well that's pretty cool
anything front of the stream recently or
just chugging along
ya know honestly like I said that was
gaming overload I recently beat Kingdom
Hearts 3 I so talk about that if you
worked at some point I what was your
overall like impression of it listen
some Brie flavors are like good bad what
do you think oh that's a cop you're
asking me that's a complicated issue the
game is it's so it's okay it's alright
it's got it's got so many small annoying
flaws in it that you kind of wish it was
like give it a little more polish time
and but it's really it's not even really
that it's mostly the entire column in
trying to despoil I guess for privilege
oh yeah I'm not Mike I spoil year for
sure the whole it's the the
accessibility for the narrative I feel
like the core appeal of Kingdom Hearts
the fact that like you got an epic
crossover between like Disney and and
and final fantasy right and in that the
story that would tile that together is
kind of was gonna be the appeal to get
into the series with the gameplay being
second but the problem is like every
spin-off title quote-unquote spin-off
Idol is this vital to understand the
story like they're doing
if you only play Kingdom Hearts 1 & 2
you are not gonna be able to follow 3 at
all like its oh yeah because there's
like seven different like duties that
are actually all plot necessary that are
off plot that are like not necessarily
like major releases right correct
depending on who you ask
there Kingdom Hearts 3 is either the
10th or the 11th game in the series and
I kid you not the plot and Kingdom
Hearts 3 has references that are vital
to understanding from recoded from birth
by sleep from three five eight days from
from an especially from dream Drop
Distance which you would feels like a
negligent title on Nintendo 3ds but
actually that one is the one that
includes confirmations of there being
time travel and parallel dimensions
consisting in the genome arts plot huh
so you're gonna be super lost on all
this [ __ ] going on in KH 3 before we
played wanted to and the problem with
that is if you if you people are only in
that camp and you you have to literally
do what I would like three hours of
classroom homework on just reading and
understand the plot to be able to follow
what's going on in cage 3 and for that
reason I'm like really I'm like it's so
tough to recommend Kingdom r3 to any
newcomer because it's like you have to
do all this [ __ ] homework to even
get into the series so for that reason I
give it like a have fun out of 10 to him
a game really you can really give it a
number cuz like that's the problem
really like who's gonna who's gonna get
into that series at this point now and
say I'm gonna I'm gonna do all these
things to understand that the narrative
of a game okay so well anyway so yeah
that's a that's my my I try to make it a
bridge it's Mike might as far as I can
abridge it on my take of Kingdom Hearts
3 mm-hmm how do you feel about seafood
seafood it's dope actually I am I've
been eating a lot of cod lately I don't
know if you familiar with the fish cod
not not Call of Duty yeah obviously you
caught him in runescape
I know cod go ahead they were shipped
fish I think they only he'll like
something but I was doing that for
audience accessibility on the podcast I
obviously know you have a big IQ and you
know what Cod is so Tomi alright no but
um yeah yeah cause one of those like
really
nutritionally dense and calorie minimal
food
you can just like eat and get like a
[ __ ] ton of protein out of so one of my
meals a curly pepper right now includes
some roasted veggies and Cod and Cod's
pretty pretty bland but uh but cause
it's nutritionally so [ __ ] dense I
love it okay
I tried why why Sheila's time or last
night for the first night real night I
went out with a lily albert and andy and
a friend and we all had some like really
nice sushi place and it was it was okay
actually I thought it was okay I don't
think I'd like it like I don't think I
would ever go out of my way to order
sushi but it was a positive experience
I've only had seafood from like the
Midwest and it tastes very bad up there
like I don't know how to describe the
fishy taste everybody always says that
bad see if it has a fishy taste but I
just assumed all seafood have that taste
of people were just bullshitting but
this thing that was actually really good
the sushi was really good it was really
fresh that's good to hear that's good to
hear man
um and then you're in West Coast too so
like you're you're out were like the
sushi is like absolutely banger there
are a couple of joints around LA that
have like like it might be somewhere
around like 25 to 30 dollars per person
but there's like an all-you-can-eat
there was at least one really God like
all-you-can-eat sushi joint that I
remember being at one time I think it
might have been near Little Tokyo but it
was like absolutely [ __ ] godlike and
I ate a [ __ ] ton and I definitely was a
loss for them I definitely consumed more
sushi than their asking price where the
buffet was and I'd it was glorious
you know this but sadly I don't know
where it was though this place is really
good so I'm happy I went that's good
my last pro tip there is that in general
when it comes to sushi or or ramen
joints if they if they give you a fork
then they're probably too casual and
they probably have like shitty food if
they only get provide you of chopsticks
then you're probably in the right spot
no house is like a good metric on its
own
oh it's a fantastic metric okay and if
you can't pronounce the place it's also
gonna be a banger if I see like a 4.9 on
Yelp and I see I can't pronounce it I'm
usually down to try it out okay yeah
solid strats by the way salad strats
[Music]
okay are we ready to get right into it
yeah what would you uh what you got what
you got this
man what are we got super funk the
hottest clips
in the Twittersphere is that correct the
hottest what the hottest twitch clips on
the Twittersphere yeah damn so down
their tracks yeah that's what we got
that's what we're doing that's the theme
sorry man actually um for once I'm
well-rested I'm actually like crunk off
of a red blur right now so oh [ __ ]
okay yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna claim I'm
gonna blame your executive decision to
bump the podcast back to ours because
now actually get adequate I get adequate
rest right dude I'm ready for you're
gonna carry this [ __ ] then alright let's
[ __ ] go boy
our that didn't I didn't mean it like
that like boy like boy but let's go my
boy so deadmau5 has made a statement
hold on that so I can read this okay go
for it why do I click that one
so deadmau5 mm-hm I should have actually
looked up exactly this far but I heard
he basically got um he called a guy an F
word in a game yeah he was playing he
was playing a game online and he he
dropped the F slur which is a big no-no
in 2019 I don't know the context of
exactly what game II was playing or what
triggered him or what the guy did to
trigger him to say that word but in his
words I was in the heat of the moment
but you get a little bit of context
provided here and the in his uh his
reddit post if you want to like read it
out loud you can ask for it's a pretty
good read so yeah sorry about that guys
I know it was a fun place to connect and
[ __ ] around but I'm not gonna stand for
twitches double standard when it comes
to censoring and suspended me and
suspending me for harmless [ __ ] well
we've had some fun partnerships here and
there and they were a great company to
work with I'm gonna have to cut this one
short I don't know the capacity to deal
with that kind of [ __ ] whatever dude the
internet is just basically full of [ __ ]
for the most part and well what I said
was generally toxic as [ __ ] and not an
ideology I hold closely to my moral
standing by a [ __ ] longshot
it was just some bottom-feeding piece of
[ __ ] from Colorado who decided to make
it news proving once again the online
clickbait tea world was a piece of
[ __ ] [ __ ] on a good day well it was
intended to insult
[ __ ] ass hat who was being a [ __ ]
asset it wasn't directed at an entire
group of people who have a sexual
orientation that defers to my own [ __ ]
off with that [ __ ] I Know Who I am
and I don't have to [ __ ] sit here and
cry and defend my [ __ ] self with the
obligatory I'm not that person I'm sorry
reflex but I'm sorry for anything I'm
sorry that we live in a world where
bottom-feeding pieces should consider
staring and a monitor watching me play
video games just waiting for someone to
get tilted so we got a few [ __ ]
clicks that's what I'm sorry for the
same people who knew it was in the heart
who was in it yeah the same people who
knew what it what it was in the heat of
the moment knew the purpose of that
statement and the people that think
otherwise I'm better off not even
[ __ ] knowing and they can just keep
the [ __ ] keep way the [ __ ] clear of me
there you go yep whoo so the thing I
want to ask your first is like was his
statement also clarify this was like
this was him posting on reddit right
yeah this is what I post yeah yeah yeah
so was in posting all this on reddit so
you think he's he seems more upset at
what was a rillette piece as a hit piece
like a some some journalist documenting
him saying the F slur and that became an
article I got traction and got and got
clicks and metrics the second real
article was just like a deck steroid
thing that's what I don't know I don't
even because this is something he's
actually mad about being suspended I
feel like the article happened and then
that it gained traction and then he got
suspended that's my guess but I don't
have the conclusive evidence to say what
the what the chronological order of the
actions happening here are catch him
because he doesn't even mention like it
doesn't mention a twitch I feel he's
just kind of mentioning that one article
that uh that claims that he is you know
attacking people have a different sexual
ideology than him quote-unquote well
yeah so the if we have if we had more
context here I wish I knew what the what
what the incident wasn't question family
it's just like a pub G stream sniper
meters gonna real s pain oh yeah yes
remember G how could you get that now
this is like League of Legends I could
totally understand this I'd be more
empathetic but pub G I'm gonna get that
mad over Butchie I'm just like next
actually I'd love you to put that one
little further here is that is the
implication there that stream sniping is
more frequent or just like the talks
they're just that pup use a more toxic
game
oh no it's cuz I don't take FPS as
seriously as I did like MOBAs and [ __ ]
so like for me like getting like FPS is
or not it's I don't know if I've ever
gotten like legitimate like super ultra
ass blasted I like an FPS not the same
way that I would like Starcraft or
League then I got you yeah do you feel
it's case because like the FPS is are
more prone being stretched night no I
think it's just the case I mean the
types of games might contribute a little
bit but I think it's more because when I
played RTS it was at a very serious
competitive level and then for League it
was also pretty serious in it over
decent level but for FPS I'm like top 20
percent like some garbage so it's like
whatever yeah I got you I got you
probably even lower than that in this
[ __ ] apex Legends game until I learn
how to play that better so I got you I
got you
so man so it's probably on I piece off
the platform and not even try to like
just like kind of like hold that that's
kind of uh I think you'll be back well
wait how much did he stream I don't
recall I remember him being more active
like when the music directory I just
opened up in like 2014 on Twitch but I
don't even know how active the music
directory is now because it's like you
know cuz music happened and then IRL
happened in 2016 an IRL kind of just
took over every sub category that wasn't
a particular popular game on Twitch and
I don't even know I haven't
pay attention to the to the to the
directory enough to really say it's just
chatting doing the same thing now is
like does everyone go to just chatting
for views or are they using just
chatting whenever they have no specific
should we be in just chatting instead of
podcasts do you think if you want my
actual answer if we wanted more metrics
probably or babb sorry more better
metrics probably no because we're
technically chatting this is that
literally every [ __ ] thing on Twitch
we could put a game in there like well
I'm talking the problem is the category
is too ineffective to define what you're
actually doing to give you an incentive
to go anywhere else
it's like the new IRL game [ __ ] yeah
it's literally it's the same problem
with IRL just not as severe because you
gave most of those you gave ASMR its own
directory I'm not
try it what I'm gonna let this a let's
see what the [ __ ] hold on it's my
Account Manager and you know oh all
right I'm gonna [ __ ] that hey here's my
defense of that it's because like if
you're if you are a twitch bystander on
the front page or even on like the
directory page and you're looking like
you're not
no one's eager to no one's going to say
ooh podcast funny yeah no you're right
over there and go in the middle of one
and hope to [ __ ] that they have like a
topic a topic spoiler or a or tickler to
let me know what the [ __ ] talking about
wall in the middle of their podcast this
you know Low Energy talk heavy zero
twenty second summarization what the
[ __ ] is this place is gonna be about the
log cast I know it's gonna [ __ ] do
that so something that like I've done
this is actually very interesting to me
so I am sure I've been thinking a lot
about kind of like the types of insults
that I use over the past over the past
year mainly over the past six months and
I guess like if you're trying to be like
a I'm gonna use a I'm gonna use an
ambiguous phrase good person then the
goal of most insults is you want them to
be as targeted as possible and you don't
want to cast a wide net and I think the
big problem without getting into a whole
bunch of like sociology should whatever
the big problem with like calling
someone an F slur or making fun of
certain types of people's appearances is
that what happens is you end up casting
a really wide net
and as a public figure that can be kind
of troublesome so like if I call
somebody [ __ ] or if I call somebody
fat or whatever or a [ __ ] or whatever you
know these words that we definitely
shouldn't say that the problem is there
are people watching that will feel like
they're kind of under attack even if
they don't like even if they've done
nothing wrong or whatever even if they
have nothing necessarily wrong with them
right so like for instance like a fat
person isn't necessarily worthy of
derision or somebody that's gay you know
should be insulted on the basis of being
gay and yeah I think typically when
you're trying to insult one and it's
actually it's interesting because a long
time ago right like growing up a swishin
RTS there are certain words that we said
like all the [ __ ] time that we
obviously [ __ ] yeah and if you're in
any that's their worst game gamer words
he a gamer words but like if I over the
past like six
over the past six six months I've tried
really hard to get away from casting
wide nuts generally and for the most
part it's actually made things like
pretty easy are not pretty easy but it's
actually like once you've kind of
switched your mind into that mode it's
not really that hard to keep up with I
was kind of worried that I would like
constantly be reaching for those types
of words it does suck that I do feel
like I lack what things to say like when
somebody's acting in a way that I
genuinely perceive to be like [ __ ]
or autistic not that I would you know as
an insult like it's hard to replace
those words because sometimes like
somebody's like social ineptitude is
like just perfectly described by the
word autistic or somebody's like total
inability to accomplish what I would
consider to be a pretty basic task seems
somewhat [ __ ] and I end up
defaulting to like stupid or dumb [ __ ]
[ __ ] but um
yeah you know though so I completely
agree with everything you're saying
right now I would go with step further
here and say the there might be some s
the word here linguistics going on there
because like the thing about the word
[ __ ] is that it's like it's got some
strong syllables to it it has it has a
huge like zing whenever you throw it out
there and I feel that's also the kind of
thing you can like really stress on the
each syllable of the word when you're
throwing out an insult to cement how
stupid or dumb they are trying to be oh
yeah like saying like oh you're a
[ __ ] [ __ ] it's like more different
than like the deadmau5 is I apology or
as the apology is a statement here he
calls him an asshat asshat has such a
like a soft
I don't know diction to it you know
compared to just like saying I don't
know whatever he wanted to say right
sure um but he's that's why that's like
one take you could can conclude from the
whole thing not them deflecting from the
idea that still bad words to say as I've
made great effort to to reduce my my
choice of words being bad though
sometimes I just kind of like I just
really wanted to say it I'm just like
this really annoying person I got really
tested on that whenever I was getting
stream sniped in Dark Souls 2 yeah I I
was I was out of where I was so heated
and I didn't have any like go-to
vocabulary for a comfort insult so I had
to just like calm a really annoying
person and like yeah now there are
definitely like I mean like we exist in
like a culture and there are certain
phrases that you could say that like
someone know really quickly like yeah
like with this certain gravity yeah but
yeah like I've actually tried like I've
gotten away I think for them almost
completely with some exceptions I still
use like in cell I don't know if maybe I
shouldn't say that I'm not sure in
cellar virgins or I use in bread as well
I don't think that's necessarily too bad
hopefully maybe but once you've gotten
my wage soy boy still open man you can
you can hit out you can the route soy
bio all day long as long as you don't
know I guess the problem is do is like
the soy boy is that like a property of a
vault right now to use and yeah I don't
know that's it's kind of brought me
right one of the Oh something like
interesting though as well as like once
you've taken a step back from using like
certain types of words for a while
everybody else that uses them is like
colored in a different way tour it
becomes like easier it becomes like so
friends is like I try I try very hard
and I've been doing this for some time
to not just like randomly insult like
people's physical appearances that I
disagree with I don't know if I [ __ ]
this up like obviously I been with like
Greek and Lilly and whatnot but for the
most part like I don't think I don't
think of like clicked on a tweet and
seen somebody that's like got some very
easy shots you know a double chin or
some dumb looking face I tried really
hard not to like go after people's
physical appearances anymore and now
like when I listen to somebody like open
a tweet or make some joke about like oh
she looks like a man move on it's like
well damn like what about all the other
people reading this that might look like
that like exactly to them you know and
also you're not even like really going
after this person for the reason we
hated them right like nobody hates Sarah
Huckabee because of the look on her face
which is easy to make fun of they hate
her because she's the press secretary
for arguably you know one of the most
talent Arian [ __ ] presents never had
rightly that sounds yeah yeah
so yeah it's interesting like stepping
on the outside and then kind of like
looking in and when I see people do that
I have kind of like a like I don't know
that one seems to land like kind of in
bad that was high high grief that no I
get them because I can I can recall back
to my rampant high school insecurity and
say that you don't pick your genetics
and I can recall some girls who have who
have like um who had a everything that
that that no shape which you brought up
knows now you know the nose has it that
awkward like dent at the at like the
root of the nose like it doesn't get
awkward in I'm familiar vet
defect defect with a fraudulent slip
there yeah yeah yeah yeah there's a
certain no shape that people like it's a
really common one to get a nose job for
and I remember some girls getting
roasted over that they in high school so
you don't pick your genetics so yeah I I
go out of my way to never um it hasn't
been a problem no I wouldn't I wouldn't
roast anyone's like race appearance
weight BMI or anything like that
the only the only exception I'll make to
this is I I will I will go in if
somebody is is being hypocritical about
it so for instance if there's like if
some guy weighs like 800 pounds and is
making fun of like the way somebody else
looks like that that becomes like Ike
I'm sorry like old Destiny's coming back
for that one that's too oh yeah you go
in bro oh yeah go in and you make sure
you absolutely out store them for sure
okay I'm moving okay we're moving on to
something that neither of us know too
much about so sounds good ready
the Tanner clip all right let's uh so
just going here's context before even
get in here I have no clue this is I
don't even know why this is on our on
our why this is newsworthy so well um
let's find out here we go three two one
go so basically I'm not going to lie to
you the only reason I know her is
because idubbbz did like a [ __ ] video
on her whatever way did a contact cop on
her yeah oh remember in like the n-word
stuff like oh this is her yo no se you
kind of do yeah okay so yeah yeah I had
seen that cop the cop I didn't I didn't
know her by name though hey I wait she
seems like a Michael Mann she looks like
a porn star here
whoa where did that come from
okay so she has about 4 million songs on
YouTube I don't think she's ever done
Ford before okay that no that that's
cool I I was looking for like a better
way to summarize where I was going with
this here
she looks um what's the word here very
promiscuous
is that can can I even say that I mean
she literally said it might make up done
to my tits off I feel like that that's a
fair if I know no context here this is
my only contact provided the person in
question here I mean that's a fair point
to say okay not only that y'all are
sexist cause y'all the ones saying
automatic equations components are
that's automatically a bad thing I'm not
the one sitting or attacking them for
doing what they want to do if you guys
join us join me for episode 14 of the d
podcast next week blegh co-host is
taking a break damn but yeah anyway no I
don't think she's a porn star anything
but um that's all like this is a big
youtuber whatever coming over to twitch
I don't really care so much about this
but I'm actually really curious in
general I think we talked about this
like briefly before what do you think
are the chances that like in ten years
twitch is actually just like all
celebrities like what if celeb people
and [ __ ] started to come over and stream
on Twitch because they've already got
like their big fan bases or whatever on
other platforms whether movies or film
whatever or or TV shows and then they
come over to twitch and they start
streaming do you think that could be
possible
I've had this thought as far back as
2014 the minute I saw that like twitch
was gonna be like a standard app on ps4
and Xbox one and I saw it was just
growing in a monumental direction and I
did worry about like what would happen
if my celebrity just came in started
hating like what if like Will Smith's
son Jaden Smith blinking over it started
like doing [ __ ] like would it would it
eclipse all the literal who's by
comparison who are playing games to look
good and you have like a celebrity cloud
overshadowing the entirety of that mm-hm
um you know where the big fish eats the
smaller fish continually forever and the
thing I the one thing that gives me
faith there that that that can't happen
is that they don't have the dedication
and all the time
like I don't see any celebrity I got see
anyone like that even like
you know double-a or a status celebrity
where you want to point in terms as but
no one Tripoli right no one who's like a
household name coming to twitch who's
gonna legit have like eight hours data
stream on Twitch they're never gonna do
it they're gonna have like maybe the
only thing is like because of the way
that we kind of engage with fans here
and because of the way like the
monetization works I kind of wonder if
like some of these people could make
more money actually being on Twitch than
like signing TV and movie deals that's a
good question like if we look at I'm
just real curious real quick so like if
I go and I take a gander at Emma
Watson's Twitter Emma Watson has 29
million followers if somebody like that
could come over to twitch and get like
200 thousand subs I don't know could she
I don't know if Emma Watson like
actually stream like six to eight hours
a day she could she got like a quarter
billion subs right if you were cashing
out almost a million dollars every month
just in subscriptions like I don't know
I got one I wonder like if there would
be like one big celebrity would come
over like Snoop Dogg is streaming and
it's getting like hundreds of thousands
of subs and like [ __ ] this show like I'm
just gonna do this so let's pause there
because at face value I would say no
when you give it more thought you like
well Howard because it's like yeah are
they gonna be able to convert all these
like twitch veteran users come over
there too they are streaming and some of
them probably not but the thing that I
think the reason why you're quite about
that number about like having an obscene
amount of subs the fact that they would
bring in new people and it's to them
it's a whole new realm of interactivity
they're seeing you know static video
form interaction with Emma Watson maybe
like an interview on wired or whatever
here and there but having Emma Watson
live tangibly reacting to actual
comments in chat would give them like a
dopamine rush that's unparalleled to
anything never had before at which point
they would just immediately hand over
the wallet like the channel would be on
sub-only from the very jump that would
never turn off oh yeah for sure sure so
so yeah your your your you know 100 K
sub whatever would doesn't seem to too
far removed actually mm-hmm like in the
Watson or like Emma Stone or any any any
decently sized actress you know like if
Chris Pratt came over that's the one
thing actually who could who could like
you know destroy that if you wanted to
like mmm-hmm people a lot of people are
saying that like so
Liberty's already screaming to viewers
but that's cuz I don't really think
they'd do it Riley could was saying well
t-pain streams
he doesn't stream very regularly though
no like I've seen it on a couple times
and also he doesn't like promote it big
like these are like a lot of celebrities
when they tried to do this doing it they
just like turn on the stream and they
just kind of like goof off for like a
little bit they don't actually like take
it seriously you know like if I'm yeah
if they like took it seriously promoted
it across like other platforms and
whatnot like yeah I don't know yeah yeah
I agree that join at 50k subs is a
massive pay cut for someone like Emma
Watson I seriously doubt that she's not
anything she's worth a hundred million
dollars two hundred fifty K sobs would
be like almost a million dollars a month
that's like what do you think that's
like ten mil a year in just
subscriptions like yeah isn't I think I
have some stats there too because isn't
um isn't Scarlett Johansson the highest
batchest in Hollywood right now and I
think she's worth I think she's they
should happy up like eight million last
year yeah yeah so Scarlett Johansson
made eight million dollars last year
this is comparable to what ninja makes
if I were to think and isn't it wait
doesn't he just I'll have over a hundred
thousand subs or no um I last heard no I
don't watch him actively but I think my
girlfriend when she last saw he I don't
want it I want to bring up my my feeling
up shading them so I'm what the facts
here but he uh he turned to sub count
off because it was declining and he he's
made a couple of comments that seem kind
of worrisome about his like bottom line
at this point now cuz he would uh yeah
so if I say like ninja made like 10
million in 2018 so I mean like that's
okay
that's comparable to yeah so yeah James
what a lose I imagine only having 50k
subs Jesus I don't know what I would do
myself
mmm-hmm yeah well it was like one more
thing about the celebrity thing though
yet once the one that they don't I'm
gonna ever have like the duration
efforts like actually want to put on
like a comparable stream to like what
the the bigwigs have already said Stan
are now is the meta like people expect
you to do you know six eight hours on
cuz we're because they're your Lily
replacing their comfort food of like I
guess Netflix or Hulu or cable or
whatever for all of us young people out
here now yeah as you already know
and the other thing I was like it was
like it was like one other point about
celebrity that I was worried about them
no longer worried about now and I forgot
we cover so many things now I want when
we derail I kind of forgot where I was
going with it initially after doing that
harming over in taking over or them
coming over and oh I notice now is that
they are if a youtuber comes over to
twitch they're out of their comfort zone
do they don't have the edit button they
don't have that that jump cut technique
the day they want so badly so they have
to UM I feel like oh that was my [ __ ]
geez that's how I made fun of that was
some of the funny things about PewDiePie
it was it like being online and live for
like eight hours a day or in my case
three hours of Dino being live for eight
hours a day like it requires a level of
discipline it's not like you can just
edit it out if you have a bad moment or
that you can if you're bored for like
five hours you can just like cut that or
whatever and it was funny to see
PewDiePie come over and have like a huge
slip up how long was he screaming before
he dropped it and bomb was that like a
week no sorry sorry about that but it
was like a pretty short amount of time
and then he like just dropped Noah
um I didn't even know about that I
thought the heat that was on YouTube
live or whatever YouTube gaming I that
was him on Twitch my um I thought that
was string I thought I was streaming on
Twitch wasn't am I crazy
mm-hmm I'll have to pull the audience
real quick on that one oh wait it was on
YouTube but it would wait it would be
was streaming though right he was
actually well no I yeah he's streaming
couldn't upload that as a [ __ ] video
but yeah I think he was streaming I
don't think he'd been streaming live
that long and then he yeah and then he
like dropped that like so yeah but all
right so okay well even then though yeah
like it obviously not only that too but
it's like that has even surprised me
because PewDiePie right the big arguably
the biggest youtuber out there why dafuq
would he eat the dv8 platforms like he's
like the one loves the least incentive
to come over to twitch I would say
uh-huh
right cuz I think not the thing whenever
YouTube gaming got revealed in what in
2015 I thought yeah the problem YouTube
gaming is that like you all the all the
bigwigs all the power makers on YouTube
now or it's gonna go to that and
monopolize that so any any starting
person any young
it's not gonna young in terms of their
their their student clout it's not gonna
go to youtube gaming I would imagine
there's have a harder time over there I
feel getting discovered then say twitch
by comparison at that time okay so so
those are my two big reasons there they
don't have the duration effort and they
don't have the they don't have I guess
the charisma and fortitude to like be
privy from your end lightning without
the yeah without the edit but non-aryan
possibly maybe yeah yeah I don't know I
don't like the pesters but I don't know
if that's 100% true maybe they could but
um I don't know
yeah well we'll see we'll see alright
we're going over to shroud our wonderful
communist friend are you ready I'm ready
give me a count three two one go yeah
bro there's so many people here I just
looked at my viewercount a hundred and
twenty five thousand viewers well some
Chat Chat Chat Chat Chat Chat Chat Chat
Chat Chat Chat okay there's a lot of
people here right now let me let me do a
solid here okay I have a lot of viewers
there's some [ __ ] a legendary apex
legend streamers okay gamers courage
great guy [ __ ] cloak see [ __ ] look
at all these people this playing for
tonight [ __ ] [ __ ] oh [ __ ] a fortnight
and even bancos playing [ __ ] spread
out a little bit spread out spread look
at all these streamers wow skips over a
lily Picchu go horse day I mean do
whatever you want but I'm just saying
it's a lot of jabs out there
[ __ ] yeah that was cute though yeah its
redness credit spread the wealth did it
actually happen cuz notable here at the
clip is titled how to lose 15k viewers
I'm assuming it actually happened that
they actually pieced out need um it's
really hard to say it's possible that he
dropped 15k viewers after the game and
everybody's talking about it but it's
also possible that um at the end of
every game you lose you lose some
various after a game anyway that's like
a phenomenon when you're streaming a
game people will tend to stay around to
see how it ends and then as soon as the
game ends you'll drop all the viewers
that we're just waiting for the end of
that game so right right also to be fair
at 15k viewers not that big of a deal it
was at the time he's no dick Neary and
over 100k yeah exactly yeah so yeah like
and then yesterday he had apparently
over 200k furious during this tournament
so yeah yeah apex is doing some some
sick stuff here well I think I wonder if
it'll last do you think apex is gonna
last
that's the question actually want to get
to here you know that so I'm hearing a
lot about apex or I see that apex is
like running around right now but the
thing I'm seeing discuss the most here
is that fortnight is a the fortnight is
dying
narrative at this point because for
tonight's like averaging on the fourth
or even fifth biggest directory and I
saw at one point it was as low as a 40k
viewers well like the thing is that like
because some of these streamers are so
huge like they could swing these
categories hard so like right now dr.
disrespected ninja together have about
100k viewers on apex legends if they so
fortnight has 118 km/h Legends is a
first place with 300 3k if those two
streamers switched from apex to
fortnight before and I would be Rank 1
and then apex would be well rank 2 I
guess but like yeah so like just like a
couple streamers like switching around
can dramatically change games placing
and the in the leaderboards mm-hmm and
then Call of Duty and pub gr is sitting
down there with 24 25k okay well so
here's um I guess the problem here is I
really can't say anything like
enlightening and genuine without
understanding better about why apex
Legends is doing so well because I've
heard the frustration that fortnight has
the the the thing that makes it distinct
in the battle where Yelich onra with the
building is the same thing a lot people
to my cousin area dude I could
and I actually was ok with these battle
royal games like I played pub G and I
like that one I love the Call of Duty
one a lot an apex actually seems pretty
cool but like I couldn't get into the
building thing I don't know if [ __ ] that
right and then well not only that too
though so there's there's dev at it's
like mechanically different but also
that epic has gone out of their way to
appease to the to the to the mass casual
player base by giving them just a load
of [ __ ] every week as you know they were
updating constant with new items and new
stuff to just keep the keep the game I
guess like different and inventive and
for those who wanted to play more
technicals getting I heard there were
some frustrations with like the
saturation of new [ __ ] that wouldn't
allow a meta to develop for the game so
maybe that was another part here too but
I guess for me that information is not
really that useful in the context of
comparing right now because I don't know
what particularly apex does different
took a lot of concepts have you played
any of the battle rails
no I'm super I'm super Alvin here yeah
basically it borrowed a lot of what was
positive from a lot of the other games
and basically yeah it's it's kind of
like an amalgamation of a lot of the
other positive things from the other
games and then it adds a couple of new
things like the movement in the game
isn't quite as quick as Call of Duty but
it's not as [ __ ] cancerous as pop G
so like for instance in pub G you ever
have you know how when you have dreams
you want to run but you kind of feel
like everything is very sluggish no
matter how hard you were get that
feeling in a dream yeah yeah that's what
playing pub G is like all the time your
character always moves like that it
feels like [ __ ] trying to handle so the
game apex definitely handles better than
that I think that apex is probably a lot
easier on your machine as well it's not
as brutal as pub G it's not quite as
good as fortnight in terms of being like
very like unified and easy to run on all
machines but I think it still runs a lot
better than then punk J does and then
Call of Duty as well called it was very
CPU intensive there's a revive mechanic
in the game that is very good like if
your people die
you're not like sitting there playing a
game with them out for the rest of the
game you can actually take their banners
to like beacons and then revive them
during the game which is probably like
really important as well oh yeah oh and
also especially now that BR then oh sure
yeah I mean also it is
free-to-play which is so [ __ ]
important big mistake made by the call
of duty people to launch that game
initially with you there are 40 60 or
$40 price tag and I think they dropped
it to 20 or maybe it's free now but um
that was just real real bad they killed
that game really hard putting a huge cuz
Activision after this kinda put himself
in their own little bubble there with
the whole with their I got it we got a
crush last year's numbers at all cost no
matter what you know which we could
happily derail into these freakin
Activision layoffs that became you know
actual tangible news as of yesterday no
there's a good reason for that I don't
[ __ ] remember it oh god I just talked
to a friend that works at Blizzard and
he was telling me why because like
apparently a bunch of new people were
hired for something related to marketing
or something but they lost like destiny
and then like the call duty didn't do as
well and like yeah yeah so they I
believe they they grossed 7.2 billion in
their annual this year is that really
yeah yeah 7.2 billion which which beat
their laster's numbers which was 7.1
billion so now they've they had a record
year in 2018 and despite that
conclusively in their earnings call
which happened yesterday
they still laid off almost 800 people
that were mostly and mostly in the
eSports and holds the other division
they said quote unquote non-gaming dev
and eSports divisions is where they
really us really happened at mm-hm
but notably the the what's his name
you're the world of warcraft community
manager got laid off as well i recall or
someone someone important in the world
of warcraft division got laid off in a
run was the tree that i read that
slasher was tweeting about that um was
it his son the twitch guy was hassling
oh no no no I think they said to do it
no but nevermind that was twitch layoffs
yeah I can get to that one too if you
want me to but no this was I was trying
to like you said you had a justification
for the layoffs I'd actually would love
to hear it cuz um or justification was
they hired a lot of people that they
basically needed to dump because because
they lost a big IP destiny and they just
didn't need these people anymore they
they thought that Call of Duty was gonna
be like a lot better then
then it ended up being in terms of like
units sold or whatever I thought but
yeah also though it seems that they have
like towering expectations with no like
no real no real end goal in sight here
because not like all Duty that bad I
think called to do still have like a uh
had like a 500 million dollar opening
weekend which is to blow call duty but
they wanted more more more and more and
more and more year-over-year every
single time and sometimes it just feels
like it's kind of like unrealistic to
just like demand more without there
being like I think I really worth it
here I know the general consensus I've
gotten was that uh the layoffs didn't
seem like um the layoffs were
particularly done cruelly because people
who were in the divisions that were
being threatened or implied to be
threatened we're working and didn't know
who was gonna get laid off here because
why would you tell him in advance the
reality so if people just working in
fear for from what I heard was
quote-unquote weeks until the reports
came out and then finally that they got
laid off but to be fair there were the
was a they are offering severance
packages and health benefits for all
those who are leaving and quote-unquote
job job help is that what's called like
a career career coaching anything is
what's called now so the day will they
won't be completely off their off their
butts whenever they get thrown out of
there but damn I know it's just it's
pretty sad face value that's all
happening
yeah sorry then just true this I guess I
may be called you didn't do that bad
they just third I guess they're just
shuffling around employees and
refocusing on what makes the most money
and then just gonna rid of people they
don't think are necessary
yeah I'm just reading through some stuff
Jesus they they're fourth-quarter
earnings two point four three billion up
from two point oh eight billion a year
ago damn that seems like a that's like a
twenty percent increase in revenue it
seems crazy but yeah yeah and I just I
don't I don't know I don't know if I
don't know if like hurting getting your
eSports mission is gonna be like a good
thing uh I was in my mind their sewage
juice to say here but I just seems like
at face value the revenue being higher
and layout layoffs still happening and
even as much as like Bobby Kotick
announcing that a announced Network
we've had a record record year in the
opening of the earnings call supposedly
and then still the layoffs occurring
she's like I don't know what really what
the endgame is they're like if you're
going to like if you're if you're going
to do all that and not only that but
then you have no you have no banger this
year if I recall correctly in their
earnings called their there they were
stressed about how they have a lacking
destiny and moving forward to Call of
Duty they have like no other like
franchise to utilize for their holiday
in game so if anything here I mean so
they're definitely gonna be able to beat
this revenue that they generated in 2018
so that they're gonna probably fail to
meet a bunch of [ __ ] in nineteen which
means more layoffs if this is to be
taken as a pattern of where to go
anything you would keep more of your um
you keep more your staff so you can
actually like build something out of it
well I mean like yeah [ __ ] I don't know
it's complicated I don't know from the
situation really say it but like
sometimes layoffs are like you just have
to if you need to get rid of people that
are no longer generating revenue for the
company at the end of the day your
responsibilities to shareholders right
and if there's a bunch of people that
don't seem to be making so much money
for the company and you can refocus
efforts on your biggest money-making
products
[ __ ] I wish I could there was a list of
like what they're what they I think they
said it in their official statements
what they were gonna be focusing on and
they listed off like the four or five
franchises they wanted to focus on and
they probably dumped all not a central
personal not related to that and then
yeah yeah I wish I knew more about
offhand here but just uh just a minor
derail um yeah apex legends though yeah
aka titanfall three and doing pretty
good right now do you play any other
technical games I I did not I did watch
I watched a lot of titanfall one I
thought looked really really cool but at
that time I was but I think titanfall
one came out what like in 2013-14 I was
I wasn't playing those games at the time
though I would be a maybe I'll get
around to eventually but yeah I didn't
play it either sadly gotcha looks cool
though yeah I don't know I try to play
something fun but I don't have as much
fun with it but the but yeah but the
epics game it seems to be fun so far if
you get an FPS try not to give it a shot
yeah so what's a well I got on that one
there okay oh I guess we didn't actually
talk about I guess it's cool for
shrouded shout out his friends that's
really good
it's not so much like directly to talk
about there but yeah that's definitely
cool big streamers helping the small
streamers all right time the one clip
I'm loaded up you ready to go give me a
count three two one go yeah me three
core tips to be as Jack as you buy a
Bible lay in bed start prank you don't
have a [ __ ] chance kidding okay
there's not much here listen Tyler one
is my favorite streamer on twitch TV I
don't know why I never actually watched
a stream that much never watch it that
much but like the clips and [ __ ] that I
see of him and just like the big events
that he does like like his big league
tournament [ __ ] Tyler one is actually
out on ironic my favorite streamer on
Twitch and somehow he makes a living
streaming League of Legends he actually
can like maintain viewership throughout
the game even though he gets more doing
other things
ya know he's actually the probably one
of the strongest when he was variety
when he was banned on off of a from riot
did his variety stuff was actually
amazing I I had a blast being in there
it's even crazier the fact that like the
the talent one championship series is so
good that I will watch it even though I
don't understand League and purely his
um his charisma and scuffed production
humor is so strong that that carries so
far as me to play to watching him and
understand oh yeah did the scene
switches and all the [ __ ] for the and
the everything everything is perfect the
[ __ ] fake dumb dragon and or whatever
that he had animated to fight oh my god
dude [ __ ] Sheree the green-screen
the horrible things like the face cut
out where he's like on the house he's
like he's like providing like a meta
commentary on the Khan the commentators
he's like impersonating and stuff or
[ __ ] talking against the whole thing is
so good dude the Homer shalls'
oh yeah dude no TCS is definitely like
one of the I'm really happy now it's an
annual event that was super sick his
story is like very inspiring maybe as
well where like he literally went from
being I don't know if he was ever been
on Twitch but he was like perma banned
from league across like 20 different
accounts or whatever like league's most
hated [ __ ] person like riot is
talking about toxic and horrible this
guy
and then he like gets unbanned from
league gets another chance and then it's
like doing like quasi-official like riot
stuff now in terms of like casting and
hang out with people and being like a
big like league figure which is like
really [ __ ] funny like I don't know
he turned that around like hardcore yeah
so he started off so he was he was on
twitch he was a one-trick with his uh
what's it called lead it he uses a
Draven yeah his Draven don't ever forget
that
oh excuse me it's my yeah John gotcha
gotcha gotcha so he's your he's your uh
he sort of surrogates on it essentially
yeah um yeah yeah and he was doing then
people were trying out the title of one
build for a while and he was building
notoriety for just being this really
sick one trick with that uh with that
going on and then obviously he was
incredibly toxic didn't have a sub
button so didn't give a [ __ ] about
whatever he was doing things way more
relaxed in pre 2016 or pre 2017 whatever
year that things quit got a little more
tight and then um but yeah then he he
was like he was regularly keeping like
eight thousand viewers again still got a
sub button which was very hesitant to
give him partnership because I think
they either them or riot or both in the
know that he was very very toxic I
mentioned riot probably contact it which
tell him about that uh-huh and and then
essentially he got he finally got
permabanned on on League for about two
years and during those two years where
he was streaming he he then acquired
partnership and he had the it was a
suffering while doing variety and doing
anything but we wanted to do most which
was twit I was which was a league and
then and then from what I understand
here League was dying which is the thing
always gay people were saying
League is dying League was dying and
then riot from all the taller one
fanboys were like yo need to bring our
boy back to save this game at which
point eventually riot the gay ban and
unbanned palawan and here we are now
inspirational whom I don't know if I
have this conversation who are like here
who do you think of some of the best
streamers on Twitch haven't given much
thought here I I watched so little
twitch now that uh I'm trying man you I
wish you could let me prepare an answer
here out that he gives like a sloppy
improv answer rather than like a genuine
here a genuine one the thing is I
started on Twitch with with speedrun
so I was I was a existed in a very small
bubble in the ecosystem like I was I was
a speedrunner like in those days it was
like people like like Cosmo and it was
the other one oh god there's a decent
there's a cool dude he came to my
channel single Emma cries yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah they were uh you know they
were they were popping back in like
2012-2013
you had the closest they're here dude
there there are so many so many
speedrunners but yeah I would only watch
speedrunners I can say about a bunch of
great runners I really enjoyed um but
I'm not sure like objectively whose was
my favorite though that's that's a tough
question I don't I want to if it we
should let me prepare for that why I
don't know off hand here sure I want I
think like the doc does a really good
job with all of his production [ __ ] and
then tie the one I think is really funny
too
yeah it's funny cuz it's two worlds
right like doc is like all production
value and then and then t1 is like the
complete opposite he's like super
scuffed and he's like unapologetically
stuff got it and and that I that I
[ __ ] love dude that is like so
[ __ ] good mm-hmm mm-hmm
have you watched me that the dance guy
or whatever
I don't remember we had one of his clubs
last time that guy thought yes super
dragon yeah I think so yeah yeah yeah no
I still haven't caught him like sushi
dragon maybe I'm sorry sushi dragon yeah
yeah I haven't haven't caught him live
there's a lot of people that um for
example right like super dragon were I'm
like yeah he's crushed if my one guy
chance and I I don't um I don't offhand
know if I was following him or not so
that wasn't I wasn't following him and
then I'm like oh [ __ ] when I've been
missing out on for months so for example
I thought super dragon um I I thought I
was a I was following him from twitchcon
but apparently I wasn't so when we
Marshalls clip last week that's when I
click follow so now I'm gonna look out
for him at this point
mm-hmm but yeah I uh yeah so haven't
caught him yet okay we've got a
feel-good clip for our final one okay
the inner Disney and you should be
celebrating are you ready all right hit
me with it
let me creaking out are starting this in
three two one
she must have are you [ __ ] me dude
that's [ __ ] amazing
he got him I wonder why uh I don't I
don't know as much about all this but I
see that he's planning on controller
mm-hmm can you play a PC with controller
or do you think he's playing like X is
this game available on Xbox or
Playstation do you know I don't know if
he actually does anyone know if apex
legends is available in like console or
is he taking controller for PC how
people is saying yes it is on consoles
it's not oh he's on ps4
okay do they don't they have like the
first we should probably explain for the
podcast audio only whoa oh yeah
basically it's a guy with only one arm
is using like his right foot and then
his left hand to kind of manipulate the
controller and probably what is a sub up
in the way okay if you had two hands um
two and then they end up getting a win
basically in about a row cam which is
pretty cool
yeah very intricate here he's using his
um his big toe and second biggest toe to
operate the the shoulder buttons and I'm
actually I even sure we look here again
how is he how was he hitting the does he
ever hit the face buttons does he has
everything does he have everything
mapped to the - only r2 and uh I have no
idea it doesn't look anything mapped
because of much of the controller his
hand seems to be covering but yeah yeah
he's using his on his left hand he was
only having us available here
he's only he's using his um his thumb
and index finger to operate r1 or l l1
l2 left stick and we'll hold the
controller a certain way to do right
stick uh-huh he's actually out of
Chanukah because he has to commit to
like letting go of the shoulder buttons
on the left side of the controller to
operate the right stick which is crazy
so it's kind of like Goldeneye but in a
post-cold 9 world yeah one thing that
I'm kind of curious about is like why um
right there aren't there like special
controllers for people who
who have like are either like missing a
lamb or have other sorts of mobility
problems I wonder why he doesn't opt for
something like that or it's not
available in a Playstation or something
yeah there is um so there's a couple
things right there are a couple of
one-handed controllers that are
available and there's also the official
xbox handicap controller if you have to
actually call it but uh yeah the Xbox
adaptive controller is the one I've seen
the commercials for whatever yeah yeah
that that one I don't I don't know
either actually maybe he's just really
expensive I don't even know what I
assume it would cost $200 I couldn't see
it being cheap honestly because such a
such a nice thing that to acquire but I
do recall there being I recall that Sony
or maybe particularly uh Naughty Dog is
very very thoughtful of their handicap
players because I recall that I think it
was the Last of Us they went out of
their way to like fly in a superfan who
had like amputee issues or something
like that and they make sure the game
was was playable for them on a regular
controller or something like that
so sometimes out there insightful in
there and they're very um considerate
for it for their all their fans but this
guy here just like super on it man
that's crazy and that you know you if
you give them a will there's a way for
sure yeah for sure
cool really impressive okay where we
kind of flew through these today because
you have a thing that you want to do a
lot of commentary on what is this relate
to again oh this is a Nintendo Direct
Nintendo so typically other other other
big studio publishers what they do is
they save all their all their eggs in
one basket usually just blow their
entire nut load for e3 the Electronic
Entertainment Expo in June in Los
Angeles this is where usually where you
see like the the big a makers come out
you know all the biggest game reveals of
the year and usually all our data to
come out the holiday some you know
immediately that day but it's a very you
know it's very crowded new cycle at that
time of year for a gaming fans this is
where things like Kingdom Hearts 3 got
announced a couple years back a couple
years back this is where five a 7 remake
got announced this is where no no you
name any
any given thing the biggest of the big
all happened at e3 usually but Nintendo
as of 2015 opted out do something a
little bit different they now do what's
called a Nintendo Direct periodically
throughout the year so rabbit in like do
their one super Kamehameha nut at e3
they give you like smaller sized nuts
throughout the year wait so is this
similar to that Playstation [ __ ] we
talked about like is it called like the
Sony experience or what the [ __ ] am I
thinking of yeah the play the
PlayStation experience
ok ok similar to that but but they do
more than one a year the PSX happens
like it's supposed to be annual but they
opted out of it this year or whatever
I'm getting or moving to a world where
like people just stop doing these huge
conferences and they all have like their
own [ __ ] yes because um the thing is
III started in 1995 and that was back
when like gaming journalism had a much
bigger role in informing the masses of
gaming about what was happening through
gaming magazines you know it's 2019 now
so like who the printed word is like
dying in every direction possible that's
mentioned you have social media now so
you can just like why would you pay ESA
the the parent company that operates III
why would you pay them you know millions
of dollars set to rent completely
overpriced a floorspace at their e3 expo
to show off your [ __ ] when you could
just like literally do your you can rid
the biggest hotel in Los Angeles on your
own accord so if you're like iere
Activision and just get the biggest
ballroom and have the the EA show at the
at some [ __ ] Hilton elsewhere in LA
and say [ __ ] paying you know and do that
for like 100k and I even and grab it and
pay a million dollars to the to the ESA
for e3 so it's it's bloated it's
expensive and it's dated now because you
can create your own event with no
competition yeah not only that you don't
you don't even do it during e3 like why
even why even compete for news and a
crowd at his [ __ ] news cycle during
June when you can have your own thing
and a different month with no
competition I bet like the amount of
money being made changes this as well
too like back then like it kind of made
sense to hop onto somebody else's
conference and just kind of like sit a
booth up and everything because you
don't you weren't really making enough
money to justify having your own
conference right that would be like my
guest like in 1995 whereas today like
games are generating as much money in
some cases is like [ __ ] triple-a
movies and [ __ ]
so what yeah so you know you do have the
money to like rent out your own location
to do your own show yeah definitely that
this is why you're seeing the trend now
where Ubisoft is it or UB I never knew
Ubisoft but I think I've heard it would
be soft as well I'm not sure but I'm
gonna go over the Ubisoft okay all right
I'll go with you be be safe
Ubisoft has moved towards a trend of
revealing their new Assassin's Creed
typically in March or April of the year
it's gonna get released you're seeing
Activision also they do like a call duty
event but it's very tame but usually
yeah but the Call of Duty world reveal
now happens at its own even at some
theater somewhere eventually but also in
may not during e3 so um this happened
for uplink black ops 3 and black ops for
if I recall correctly yeah you're seeing
those two go out of their way to not be
to not reveal their their most banger I
guess I guess the most bankable
franchise during the crowd we could be
three just because like you're also
seeing an ocean or two down that gamers
are really fickle and you know games
that are like just like completely
diluted and constant hype by having sea
colitis tendon that gives much reception
if not actually negative reception
because you know the fan boy wishes get
out of control for e3 cuz get the
expectations are so sky-high now that
whenever you reveal another Call of Duty
or another Assassin's Creed they usually
it might even get like blues I just
crickets but the actual booze at the at
the life premieres mm-hmm so those in
the optical out of it entirely yeah
poison intend oh what they do now is
they do they do smaller directs and
they're actually really really good I'm
a big fan of them they're they're pre
produced they're not wive and they're
there's no bloated filler of the III
cringe lore there's no these are just
like these aren't conferences here just
like videos right to showcase they are
video presentations that are very
gameplay heavy they don't they don't go
for the the thing I hate now about the
the modern representation of gaming as a
hype cycle is that we're pushing further
and further away from showing off what
the game actually is in terms of its
unveiling for for hype and stuff you're
seeing more and more pre-release games
you're seeing more and more early
release games your song yeah elevated to
that another reason why apex was so
popular it just launched not pre awful
not pre really
it's not pre pre-beta not pre-pack like
whatever like it wasn't just like oh
here's the full game by the way yeah
another thing really I you know what I
forgot to even give give kudos for that
it's actually related to here out of I
think out of nowhere to like I don't
think anybody even knew that game was
coming like there was no hype or
anything around it it yeah yeah I don't
think I'll they give me a new cuz
honestly you know what's funny is I I
didn't know that EA published it okay so
how about that so I think EA kind of
like let that one slide under the radar
a little bit and now we have a cuz it's
produced by out by Respawn Entertainment
right something like that yeah that's
that's right now yeah so like yeah I'm
really wondering here like uh is it a
must not hearing its popular right now
and I'm not hearing any complaints about
typically a shenanigans like over
monetization or just like any of that
invasive revenue generating mechanics
and make it a game a game of service
uh-huh so I feel like maybe um they just
did know what they had on their hands
and if they did they probably would have
liked you know cuz anthem looks like the
kind of game that EA wants to put out
there you know it's it's have you seen
that chart by the way the chart of how
how to play anthem at this point anthem
pleased to meet ya anthem it comes out
it's that destiny looking game from EA
it comes out in February oh yeah yeah
yeah I've heard of this wait what is it
like really complicated to get into or
woody my cup somebody please give me the
link I [ __ ] do I wish I had it um
how to play it's like it's actually
comical how to play anthem early um
Google Images he real quick this is it's
so here you go here going me [ __ ] okay
ways to play anthem you yeah you got the
standard pre-order you get demo access
on February 1st the full game every 20
yeah I'm seeing it no I should probably
that was not big though I'm Yuka
probably on a better one but that this
is the image look for you I don't am I
looking at what you linked me I can't
actually bring up here yeah yeah yeah
that's correct
do you know what this reminds me of [ __ ]
if somebody could find me the [ __ ]
chart I don't know which game this was
it might have been destiny to but I
don't think it was but it had to do with
like
baby oh no I think it was an assassin's
Creed game but it was like the game came
out and there are like 25 different
types of DLCs or maybe it was Deus Ex I
might have been Deus Ex there were like
25 different types of deals he's like
everyone came with like different
[ __ ] bonuses oh man if somebody has a
picture of this holy [ __ ] it was [ __ ]
confusing there was but not only that
Deus Ex also had um if you remember this
one here's actually crazy they had a
thing where they said that if the game
reaches a certain threshold of
pre-orders we will take one of the
planned DLCs and make it free oh okay it
got such negative backlash that um they
they they took that back and just made
it part of the game at that point if I
recall correctly it was like yeah at
this game we just like 600 600 k 200,000
pre-orders worldwide we will make this
plan DLC free and it was like we're
gonna hold it hostage by threat of event
oh this is cool
this is close but I feel like I've seen
other charts for different types of
games as well but I'm like this type of
[ __ ] really let's say you just like
really like the game and you want to get
like everything you you can't actually
do it right like if you buy the ultimate
digital edition then you don't get like
the steelbook you missed that but if you
got like the gold steelbook you don't
get the deluxe pact Gary's packs it's
just like it was huge and and I've seen
like other charts like this that are
similar for other types of games I want
to say the Deus Ex went to this like oh
my god like there is so many cancerous
ways to get um yeah it's it's a Polish
it also I'd link to the Deus Ex 1
um so on someone had from you chat oh
this might be this is another one
related to that as well hold on
I saw the Deus Ex one where you can like
get more rewards because I'm working
with the pre-order but okay so what
let's see which game was this for what
is that chart
what is this chart dude oh this is
watchdogs so this is like depending on
which Edition you buy this shows you
like which bonus content like you get oh
dude and it was like crazy [ __ ] weird
to figure out like oh alright for those
not for those are listening right now
this
this chart has like dude what is this
like how many columns in how many rows
like [ __ ] like 20 rows and like 10
columns are you [ __ ] me right now
and there's like like if you want to get
everything you'd have to buy like three
different editions to do it like it's
just real dumb yeah I did this well
anyways my point still stands here you
look at EA being EA I'm looking at its
Anthem release down and how it like they
just like how to play the game requires
reading like a four by a four by five
chart to understand when you can play it
essentially yeah if you just buy this
Excel version you're not playing until
the 22nd so you missed the initial hype
window which is kind of just kind of
lame but uh you know by comparison apex
didn't have any of this baggage in there
so I'm just wondering if the DA even
know what they had on their hands at
that time uh-huh which is kind of crazy
but why did it wallstreet us up again
oh yeah because the whole um yeah so um
so but back to the original topic here
if LSU have more to talk about with this
whole thing no hum the Nintendo yeah the
Nintendo directs they are there's no
there's no bloat
there's no filler and it's refreshingly
very gameplay driven very rarely do you
see a game if a game is not shown with
direct gameplay it's usually just
because like that they're revealing that
the games in development now if they'll
announce like you know Luigi's Mansion
or whatever like something that you know
something though you'll get like a
confirmation the title you want as being
in development
unlike III where you get again the sort
where you get all the the pre-alpha the
early access the no gameplay trailer the
all cinematics trailer the just you're
you're fed about the prompt you're fed a
bunch of empty promises and grand hope
and they're they're banking off of your
emotional connection to the property to
get you hyped for it and go from there
so you know you also rarely show them
like target hardware either like um
honestly I recall here whenever anthem
was first shown there was so much [ __ ]
motion blur in the gameplay trailers I'm
just like dude like there's oh my god
like that you want something creak
you're the loudest go I can take the
hottest [ __ ] take
don't tell me like motion blur I'm about
to lose half my fans all right
absolutely
I'm about to lose half my fans here's
I'm gonna drop a hot take and I'm gonna
drop a true take ready ha trick number
one motion blur and games looks pretty
good hot take number two people don't
like it because their computers are [ __ ]
and they can't actually run it there it
is there it is I think the motion blur
looks ok I'm in games when I'm playing
single-player games I leave that [ __ ] on
medium I do yep but not in Crysis 3 the
motion blur looked pretty [ __ ] good I
liked it yeah there it is
alright so my take there is that motion
boy is used to hide shitty FPS is all
around I'm not a fan of it in general is
just like you know just it makes what
I'm trying to look at harder to do I
guess makes my vision it's like real
life you can't twist your head [ __ ]
20 miles an hour and then see everything
instantly do this wave your hand in
front your head tell me if you see it
like your hand discretely moving from
side to side or does it look like it's a
blurry [ __ ] think that's but that's
life homie that's how it works you can't
sit here and tell me that you'd see
discrete [ __ ] frames every second
when you're twisting around row faster
video game it should blur it should look
blurry that's emerging alright then I'm
also gonna say here if I put motion blur
on then you're not allowed to play games
less you play them with like a triple
display Eyefinity um uh enhancement
where you have to have three monitors
because how is your gonna simulate
actual peripheral vision without having
three monitors surrounding you and it's
been a triple formation oh my god how
sick would it be if there was a [ __ ]
eye tracker and you had the triple [ __ ]
setup and like if you move your eyes to
like another part of the screen it
lowers the like resolution of like where
you're not looking still like simulate
peripheral vision that would actually be
so sick okay that would be sick I mean I
came up that's actually a thing but
doesn't negate my pointer that motion
blurs [ __ ] ass do you know how crazy
would be I'm sorry doesn't it because
the what you just said was like very
interesting you know crazy be to play
horror games with like two monitors that
appear and the resolution is like
because in real life your resolution is
highest in the center of your vision and
it drops off the further you go out your
lower resolution here right
how sick would it be to have like the
monitors the low resolution and then you
see something move but you're not
actually sure because it was actually
like in your peripheral vision you like
look over and [ __ ] oh [ __ ] that would be
like horror games would be crazy
the question there is is that better
than it's going full VR with it have you
done hoarding VR yet no I haven't done
much of er stuff
oh man you got it you got off on that
because like that's already pores or a
whole nother element dude I thought
that's the genre of gaming that's God
and horror and thriller has gotten like
so [ __ ] buff on VR dude uh-huh
because they can create you know
legitimately you can't really when
you're playing a game and don't think
I'm you're not out of this bar way on
motion where I'm at with your ass but uh
when it comes to playing like core or
thriller games it's kind of hard to
convey a genuine sensation of
claustrophobia or being trapped is you
know you're looking at a light on a
monitor in front of you you're sitting
in a chair but the minute that you're
like in VR dude like [ __ ] man [ __ ] is so
exhausting like when I was playing resin
evil seven um in VR back in like early
2017 that [ __ ] blew me away how
genuinely stressed I felt playing a
horror game in VR like okay damn I'll
turn it out yeah real quick cuz everyone
in try to saying your eyes already do
this you [ __ ] idiots
okay if I'm playing a [ __ ] game on my
monitor and I'm sitting back here and
the field of view is set to 120 I'm
seeing a lot more in the center of the
resolution of my eye than what I would
normally be able to see like if I my
face was like right up to the screen if
I had triple monitors set up what I'm
saying is the eye tracker would make it
so you can't just look in a place it's
supposed to be in your peripheral vision
because it would actually blur things
out that your eyes weren't directly
looking at that's what I'm saying [ __ ]
off you [ __ ] morons all right enjoy
yeah yeah
also here said that VR is [ __ ] notice
though I'm not know what I'm advocating
for is that VR is able to simulate like
spatial I guess spatial density and
other elements that like that horror
would like to be able to do well with
spatial relativity I'm not saying that
VR is like good enough yet I I do agree
wearing up your headset sucks after like
two hours I do agree under certain
circumstances it can it can get your
eyeballs actually fatigued like watching
like a 3d display uh-huh after a long
period of time there are definite a lot
of anoints still in VR space but I'm
just saying that like it VR does do
horror a lot better than the idea I
think v oh yeah I'll definitely consider
trying
triplets play if I have the opportunity
to now back to the important okay we're
okay before I go back to that real clear
I'm sorry cuz a lot of people to have a
real dump shin and chat is triggered if
I gotta mean motion blur is the thing in
movies because they run it around 30fps
motion blur isn't that good at 100 FPS
motion blur has absolutely nothing to do
with with with with the frame rate that
something runs out motion blur is
basically the phenomenon of capturing of
not generating frames but capturing
light in a natural way the same way that
your eye does in the same way that a
camera does when a camera captures light
or the way that your eye captures light
when you wave things past it very
quickly like blurs or just things that
had things that happen the reason why
these don't happen naturally on a
computer screen is because in a computer
you're not capturing anything you're
discretely and to do something
discreetly muses like a set number of
times you were discretely generating
frame after frame after frame after
frame so there is no motion blur the way
do you get motion blur is you create an
algorithm that basically kind of like
blurs images together but it's a lot
different and it's nothing to do with
the amount of FPS you're gonna have
motion blur at 700 FPS you can have
motion blur at 1 FPS you could shoot a
movie at 24 frames per second out of no
motion blur by taking 24 like pictures
well although that would be different
circles your lines like you could play a
game at 24 FPS with no motion blur or
you could pay it at 900 FPS with noise
I'm sorry ok there's a lot of people who
say in real-time [ __ ] sorry go ahead
I don't know the motion blur tints it
like this which is like over over done
for me like I feel like if it was like
subtle it wasn't so invasive maybe I'll
be more down for it but I'm thinking
back to a couple of notorious console
examples which I it might Mike's would
your argument here but sure let's just
bring up here the fact that every
console every seventh generation console
grand theft auto had absolutely dog ship
motion blur GTA 3 GTA 5 City and San
Andreas has some of these [ __ ]
amania bias I thought that the crisis
through motion blur looked ok did you
ever play it again I didn't play crysis
3 i don't look straight though I thought
it alone I thought it looked really good
in that giving it right it's also a game
that has that also it kind of is doesn't
include my my other critique of which is
that often framerate is done in a way
it's like it's like pounding on makeup I
guess I don't know how use like a non
questionably sexist or addressable [ __ ]
here yeah yeah it's like oh well our
textures are bad and our framerate is
bad so just go ahead and cake on the
motion blur because it makes it look
less bad uh-huh that's the best thing I
noticed particularly here when I'm
bringing up
anthem is that like the game was like
the league was targeting 30 and the
motion and it wasn't able to hit a
smooth 30 when they were showing it at
e3 and its first unveiling and it's the
motion blur was like so high for me I'm
like holy [ __ ] dude um which I get you
know it's like hey we gotta like show
the game off cuz we gotta have it we
have a target release date so we gotta
like get the awareness out there somehow
so they had to like do something
mm-hmm I guess I sympathize with that
but like man that's just I don't know I
feel like motion blur could be used for
a good purpose like you're bringing up
here in Crysis 3 which is a very
aesthetically pleasing game but I feel
like most of the time in modern gaming
motion blur is done to say it's like you
know till I kind of like mask the the
graphical and visual flaws in their game
and they're very aware of uh-huh I've
rarely heard it using the way you're
bringing up where it's like used to like
enhance yeah like I see a lot of people
saying like in chat like Uncharted for
literally had it to where when you
turned the whole screen would be blurry
so like maybe maybe there is really
shitty motion blur that I just haven't
seen it the two games that I'm aware of
motion blur and that I enjoyed it was I
thought The Witcher 3 I thought it
looked fine and in Crysis 3 I thought it
looked fine and I didn't understand like
all the massive hey jerks but I guess if
there's again did it really shittily I
probably played a gamer does a shame I
just turn it off I don't uh yeah yeah I
kind of want to link you an anthem video
now and just show you like how I'd love
to see like if you think this is like
bad [ __ ] yeah I'll look at it
okay let's see ant that's a game guess
because I'm like anthem like III know
that be like anthem III gameplay
gameplay III so anthem full gameplay
demo III best action game winner this
we're you looking in at where you at
um I didn't like it but I clicked the
thing oh I mean yeah I sure yeah Anthony
3 gameplay is what I would look at ok
I'm at like 3 minutes and 50 seconds I'm
just gonna yeah I know you're at I'm
sorry I'm talking I linked it on my chat
I can't like lick the disco whatever
like t see what I just like in my chat
yeah I gotcha now ok ok
time stand please where let's go to 446
that's what I'm at right all right 446
and in there give me a count ok you're
there yeah there okay
3 2 1 go
yeah I'm waiting for a real a quick
screen turn or something and all oh is
this like the motion blur that you're
talking about yeah you got some depth of
depth of field going on but um remember
that being particularly more bothersome
okay so see you got to give me your uh
your feedback on that yeah I don't know
how I felt about this game was so slow
yeah [ __ ] I wish she's gotta move run a
little faster that looked kind of gross
whatever the [ __ ] that effect was I'm
just gonna so we don't watch this whole
video I'm gonna skip ahead a little bit
I'm at 733 right now just not like going
737 739 Jim yeah when uh it was a lot of
flying I remember being like uh but
maybe I'll bring up thing from from a
while yeah like when he turns his little
boosters on I don't think that was very
good go to the combat can you tell me
like yeah whatever there's things on
screen - I was another one I felt was a
problem can somebody tell me like we're
a good combat is that you think there's
a lot where is like the worst motion
blur out in this video it's a good point
you're actually - this muscle might be
this might be some superscripted
gameplay as well
oh yeah barse all this [ __ ] is like
hardcore scripted you've seen like the
you know so I'm actually gonna do like
what players actually do the show off
all the all the other stuff as well oh
yeah this is like extreme watching this
thing fly around okay let me know okay
so let's see if it was his better than
my red so I'm gonna leave like Crysis 3
I hate that I've like kind of like
primed the audience on this um I see if
this is like I thought that this is okay
but maybe maybe it does look really bad
or something I'm not sure yeah it's been
it's been a while though I mean I think
you're like Crysis 3 was like what um
noctus video call he's horrible damn I
should have been yeah that's also prompt
you were watching like anything from
YouTube videos yeah it's tough to really
say [ __ ]
crazy 3 5 3 gameplay' I don't know what
I'm supposed to gather from that ok [ __ ]
me I'm not gonna be able to find it ok
well yeah [ __ ] well um yeah well maybe
we can just call it stalemate for now
yeah I'll load up and we'll keep going
though we'll have to let the buff play
some PC games with um with motion blur
on and see it see what's going on with
that yeah ok um ok so we've got about 10
minutes grab a couple reddit questions
yeah we get those fires hey guys just a
heads up the video clip thing doesn't
work super well for people listening to
audio only podcast where I'm I would
super appreciate her to give a one or
two sentence description of each clip
you kind of did that today and yeah we
should be more mindful of that because
there are people that listen to audio
only we should yeah summarize things
better which I didn't just do it all
with what we just did but yeah I'll keep
it in mind from here on I'll make sure
that the drill to do that more often
um so we see you else is there um what's
next question do you think there's an
issue with people only getting their
news from a lot such as The Daily Show
Stephen Colbert Samantha bean John
Oliver I grew up watching Jon Stewart
but he always reaffirmed that show was
commie first a new second do you think
there is an issue with people getting
their news and/or political opinions
from these shows uh I mean I guess it's
better than being completely uninformed
this comic that I maybe I mean if you
could be either completely uninformed or
if you could get all of your news from
Sean Hannity and what you think would be
better well when you frame it that way
yeah there's a quote I wish I could have
a place because there's a very elegant
quo that illustrates there's something
like no knowledge is better than false
knowledge or something like that like
there's like a it's it's a better quote
I wish I could remember but like
basically the idea is that like being
ignorant about something is better than
thinking you know the answer when the
answer is incorrect when you have the
incorrect answer
right yeah you're right yeah I don't
know if definitely that I guess maybe
I'm a little bit biased here because um
you know I I'm a big Jon Stewart fan and
actually daily shows what got me
interested at all in the political
climate um as far back as like 2008
uh-huh you know as I didn't you know I
was young I didn't care back then I can
give you a table didn't act like it
didn't really affect me in any kind of
real manner
um I was young and dumb everything else
but then when um then when Obama was
campaigning and throughout 2008 and I
saw the coverage from from Jon Stewart's
show and I thought it was actual I was
really really funny but that got me
interested then when I wanted to just
know more about the information because
I knew I was getting like not the the
comprehensive picture from what the
comedy was pitching of the absurdity of
the modern American political climate
mm-hmm it was from there that I was like
okay now I'm actually engaging in the
news so it kind of gave me like a foot
in the door to get engaged when I
otherwise wouldn't know yeah I think
that I think that juggling example
though last week tonight from from
Stephen Colbert seems to generally be
okay
I think The Daily Show seems to
generally be okay
these are two things that I haven't seen
commit like egregious errors in fact
they're misreporting or horrendous
biases I mean obviously I guess you
could argue they lean left but I don't I
don't think I've seen these shows get
like the facts wrong so I mean like yeah
I guess if that's if I mean that's in
those cases it's probably better than
nothing I would say sure yeah but yeah
exercise I just uh the question when
interaction was expecting actually if I
was gonna say you know from al-azhar
just like the Daily Caller I was gonna
be like like on that end the blog spam
[ __ ] sites or whatever probably not a
good way yeah um see here we already
covered the Blizzard news Rowan so you
want to you want to cover that one as
well
um yeah I mean we've kind of talked
about I don't know if there's anything
else to say I mean nobody likes layoffs
but I mean sometimes they have to have
and it sucks but like it's not like you
can never lay off employees right mm-hmm
oh here's here's one this is a festive
one for you the next one how has destiny
generally enjoying Los Angeles do you
think the change has been positive or
negative for your stream social
family career etc well that's it's part
one right yeah
part two for trikes do you think with a
lot of streamers being based in LA or
Austin do you feel any push to move out
there at all also how do you enjoy your
trip of Genesis and would you consider
going to cast compete and events for
ultimate I'll start again destined to
play the game would be neat okay so
actually this prequel question here yeah
cuz I I know you asked me how I'm doing
biting it's really asking how you were
doing and opening up the podcast so how
is a house led treating you so far um
it's okay I probably need to chill a
little and go out less I think I'm
probably going out way too much right
now you will you go out I see you I see
your ID and your Instagram is like
popping with all that uh all these all
these good times and stuff yeah so I
probably did shell out on that yeah I
mean so insofar as like my social life
and everything is going really great for
career and everything it seems to be
going fine for family it's likes do not
see Nathan physically but I mean I still
talk to my the phone and whatnot and
then I should be going there within a
week I'm waiting for some batteries to
do my thing and then we'll be I'll do
with like a big IRL scream at a zero is
something I want to do soon with him so
that'll be fun
and then for stream I think my stream so
far has been okay right now the things
that most pop that changed my stream the
most of the political stuff which I need
to do more of too but um yeah yeah but
otherwise I mean I'm happy living here
I'd pretty sure yeah everything that's
been going pretty well how about and
then how's the weather been so I know
like so cows kind of like in its own
planet compared to the rest of the
climate of the world so is is like is it
like cold over there still or is it's
still a typical like sunny 69 um I'm
actually doing okay but for the
negatives here it's been pretty [ __ ]
cold if I check with weather like the
lows geez yeah so the lows today are 52
tomorrow is 48 on Friday is 42 on
Saturday is 41 on Sunday is 39 these are
the low temps I'm generally okay with
this but a lot of people here seem to be
really [ __ ] miserable right oh yeah
they're super intitle yeah they uh I
recall one when I've been to LA I've
seen it be like you know a perfect 69
with a slight breeze not a cloud in the
sky
and it's just like oh man it's alright
and something that good they won't like
an it won't my god absolutely like 65
degrees outside or la Nia's are actually
crazy with their entitlement to the
weather and I don't know your life you
would be it rain it's brain so much here
- I've been la [ __ ] Wow they must be
at least like 20 times like in terms of
like traveling here for events and
business meetings and [ __ ] like that and
now that I'm here and living here oh and
all those times I'd never seen I don't
think I've ever seen a single drop of
rain ever my entire ever visit but now
that I've been living here for a month
it's framed me here more than like
[ __ ] Nebraska like oh my god like all
right for this week over the next seven
days there's like four or five days of
scheduled rain and it's been raining
like a [ __ ] ton it's insane I thought
these [ __ ] were crying about a
drought and there's yeah there's so much
[ __ ] rain yeah people are saying it's
like an insane outlier this year that
juliek yeah mm-hmm let me see here then
they asked me on part two do you think
we Boston was being based in Los Angeles
or Austin do you feel any push to move
over there at all um somewhat yeah I
feel like collaborations would be more
frequent and not only that I'll be able
to like do more stuff there are some
events that I get I get like emailed
about or offered to take part in
particularly like eSports stuff and it's
often like complicated because I'm not
like that's New York and just like you
know Drive I don't know like a couple
hours or like you know two hours over to
Anaheim and like go to their studio and
do [ __ ] I have to like fly there and not
only that I have to fly there from
Louisiana and there's rarely uh unless I
take like a New Orleans a plane to get a
direct flight
I usually can't so at the like flight
from Louisiana to Dallas or [ __ ] or
Houston than fly from there to actually
Los Angeles it's like the connecting
flight is so [ __ ] annoying so I do
feel some pressure to eventually get
Louisiana because I have like nothing
holding me down here other than just the
low cost of living which I could which I
could afford to live else or if I really
wanted to so once my girlfriend is done
with getting her degree here I have no
reason to stay here so I'm likely to dip
out I'm considering Austin right now but
I'm keeping everything open but I'm
definitely wanting to dip out by in a
couple years like probably probably the
year 2022
I want to dip out and then so far for
now go sooner go to LA also [ __ ] Austin
don't let people go to Austin trying to
bring train wrecks everybody over to LA
- all right oh okay okay alright alright
so alright alright it's actually this is
a topic on it I want to do all the rest
of podcast year ok why I moved it I'd
like about five ish minutes if you want
to make your deadline so go for it yeah
so this gets a good topic though so um
why should I move to LA / Austin I mean
I don't want to talk sir but like you
know you got couple people you got you
got soda you got train you got you know
gearbox entertainment you got something
you got some eSports going on in Austin
they have a sports stadium now you have
ok destiny on my way okay awesome TV in
LA Andy Milonakis in a son these are all
the people that I know xq c is coming to
live in LA and then LA is [ __ ] LA
there's a million things to do here I've
heard now I don't know this for a fact
and I've heard a lot of complaints that
there is [ __ ] all to do in Austin that
like aside from like going like doing
like the 6th Street like dink drinking
[ __ ] that like it really like all in all
in Austin there's like [ __ ] all to do
compared to like LA like there is a ton
of amazing [ __ ] food here it's it's
[ __ ] LA so there's like a ton of
different things you can go do you've
got the Griffith Observatory we can go
up and see the stars trihex are going
side the little planetarium and watching
the world know or you know you go to
Hollywood or you lose just like a ton it
we go to the Santa Monica Pier and we
could dance with each other and the
beach there's like yeah there's like a
million [ __ ] we can drive down
Huntington Beach we can go up to [ __ ]
los it's like a four-hour drive away you
know again you're not wrong la la la is
dirty I've seen I've seen a lot of areas
there oh don't ever live in LA proper
that place is [ __ ] disgusting
don't ever [ __ ] my dad you have to
move to like like like a Culver City or
like Glendale or a Burbank or like a
[ __ ] Pasadena or Beverly Hills
depending like what your budget is you
have to live like somewhere like on the
on the circling la never [ __ ] live in
like LA proper is [ __ ] disgusting
yeah for sure I've that Tina's story
already about how I saw like a bums dick
when I was in LA in 2013 no like a so I
was in an uber out and we were we were
going through um [ __ ] what is it what's
that what's the UM the place was like
where all the bums go near the homeless
shelter near downtown LA I forgot what
it's called it's called sunny row Skid
Row yeah it was a I don't know if that's
turn up that
that's a place that I've heard it's like
really bad if you pass by it you'll know
there's like it's like a mile long of
like of just tents and [ __ ] well anyways
though three blocks away from there
there was a bum who was like peeing and
I thought he was peeing in the mailbox
but he wasn't he was peeing like by the
mailbox I just saw like Bush and Wang
and I was like oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] and saw
that huh I saw and that was my like one
of my first experiences when just taking
the uber to get to my hotel from the
airport when landing in LA so that was
ice beside I should have read that well
dude we'll see man we'll see at first
I'll just looking to go wherever the
internet was good is your internet good
where you are right now cuz I do have
like AT&T Fiber one down one up I've
never had a problem the internet it's a
god tier I'm actually so [ __ ] happy
holy [ __ ] it's like I try to I have to I
make an effort to remember it every day
because it's easy to take it for granted
because I don't think about it cuz it's
like yeah my Internet's just never
[ __ ] up here it feels so [ __ ] good
holy [ __ ] we are gonna talk about we
should okay listen I'm really next week
want to talk about internet struggles
because like I feel like we need to like
just do we did people tell me when the
most pop up so do we ever had was the
whole um the episode there are history
on working retail and restaurants I
thought we could need to do one on
internet like we talked about like how
horseshit garbage our internet was
alright in our previous uh previous
locations like when you were in Nebraska
when I was out in the [ __ ] boonies in
Louisiana like I got some [ __ ]
stories man I've changed you know I I
feel you I used to be such a [ __ ]
patient like the person when it came to
a cuz I had such like a horseshit
internet connection speed and now I have
fiber I'm an [ __ ]
I don't archive [ __ ] I just [ __ ] down
everything you know give a [ __ ] of a
download gta 565 gigs in [ __ ] 13
minutes flat off the steam servers I'll
give it [ __ ] yeah like I used to do I
used to hold I used to buy like a hard
drive every [ __ ] like every six
months to just store more and more [ __ ]
on because I never want to read out
anything ever
like I would obituaries my connection
was so [ __ ] garbage but we should do
this another time though this is
definitely a topic I want to do okay but
sadly I have to get going
yes
we're cutting this episode probably
thirty minutes shorter than we normally
do because try X has a Nintendo Direct
announcement that he wants to kind of
talk about as it goes through in a
stream i'm destinee you guys know what
to find on my shut a destiny GG I think
we're selling new shirts now does she
need IgG slash shirt it's a cute one
it's got like a little duck rosey guy on
it go check that out and then yeah
tracks where can people find you what
are you gonna be doing like five minutes
yeah I'm gonna be on twitch.tv slash
trihex I mean my YouTube editor are now
collaborating the YouTube is finally
active youtube.com slash tracks go over
there we briefly touched on today my my
take on Kingdom Hearts 3 that video is
in its full eight-minute glory is over
there it's gonna get my extended spoiler
free hot informative take on Kingdom
Hearts entire series and particular
Kingdom Hearts 3 go my youtube channel
you can see it there I have videos
uploaded every uh as of right now three
days or three times a week but I'm gonna
bump up to five and March so I will see
you guys there today I'm gonna be doing
two things I reacted in tendo direct in
complete with interactive ship post
bingo and the first people get bingo
will get a gift sub so come there check
it out but also I am starting Dark Souls
3 blind playthrough with today after the
Nintendo Direct so I have a [ __ ] lit
a stream come through boys I'll see you
guys there alright awesome well hey
thanks for joining us guys um this has
been episode 13 of the DT podcast we'll
be back next week we should be I'm gonna
be traveling a lot this month so I'm not
sure exactly what's gonna be going on
but yeah I should be back then
alright should be here in some form I
might be mobile we'll see but um yeah
yeah look I'm very open to I have no
travel plan between now and like April
or down the end of March so if you um I
can always rearrange the day if you'd
rather do a different day than Wednesday
if you can't for some reason yeah
alright alright cool yeah well thanks a
lot guys join us next week baby bang
later
