hey what's up oh hey hold on one second
all right
hey all right so I think we're we're on
you can hear me yeah I can hear you just
fine how's it going buddy
man how are you I'm pretty good good
thanks for doing this uh yeah figured uh
my friend Paul he said that bait and I
didn't think you'd actually respond but
you did so I figured that this would be
cool yeah we talked at all times here so
do you want to introduce the topic of
your background in a minute
yes so my name is Kevin I wasn't going
to give my last name but it's a it's in
the twitch title so I guess I will go
holy [ __ ] I'm sorry I thought it's you
we're like an author I thought that you
like I'm sorry I that's my I should have
asked okay nobody in your cat's crazy
yes so I've done a couple pieces for reo
magazine the two I've done mostly been
on race or chat with Sargon on the you
know transgender issues I thought I
generally along with his point of view
but I think he put together just that he
just didn't see mother prepared he he he
didn't put together a very good argument
I thought okay sure yeah so I mean I got
a position here written down I figured
it'd give us a good jumping-off point so
I figured I'd read it and then we can
just go from there yeah sounds good so
my position is so historically speaking
the words man and woman I've represented
a dichotomous categorization of all
people so the division of people wants
these two categories based on the
ability to reproduce meaning the
category of man can genetically
reproduce with the category of woman
they're highly correlated
correlative with man and woman but the
economy has divided along the ability to
reproduce and not those correlations
third group labeled intersex however
this group is defined explicitly in
relation to the traditional
categorization huh
given this not the defining cat or
characterization a man a woman such a
definition would undermine the
of the modern cat organization saying a
transwoman fulfills the meaning of the
word woman outside of a useful mystic
sense in a logical contradiction that
similar to saying a is equal to not a
okay
trans men generally referred to as trans
mean pain both fundamental logic and
utility of the categorization why can
you repeat that
oh I can't hear you hello
can't hear me I cannot hear you by
easing of the web plan or the actual
downloaded plant web client uh maybe
would help to download the actual oh I
can hear you know hey that's really
weird I didn't do anything
oh we're okay yeah I don't know okay
what was that you remember the last
statement that you said the nice here
I'll do the the last paragraphs I said
given this personal identity is not the
defining characteristic
saying a trans woman fulfills the
meaning of the word woman outside of a
youthful mystic sense is a logical
contradiction similar to saying a is
equal to not a uh-huh
trans men should generally be referred
to as trans maintain both fundamental
logic and utility can't categorization
okay that's all right that's my I don't
know what put your dog to her yeah so I
guess like I would take issue with the
with up with almost the with with the
very first statements you've been so I
would reject the idea that the category
of man or woman the utility of it today
is to describe people's reproductive
roles in society go ahead
oh so I mean I think so reproduction is
you know one of the fundamental drives
of humans right it's it's well be
production happens at a cellular level
animal kingdom every
you know so you might think the category
of men a woman maybe ice not the desk
definition or how we use it in society
anymore but there's still a role that's
got to be filled there there's that
categorization still have to be filled
you know we we reproduce as humans so
even if even if you disagree that man a
woman don't describe that there still
gotta be something to describe that you
know I mean well yeah like I mean I got
a reproductive context I mean we could
well actually even in a reproductive
context those words fail because not all
men are fertile or not all women are
fertile right so even even in that
reproductive context it doesn't work
right right so there are you know so
that's why I said the category is man I
think this is where Sargon failed it is
the category of man mates with the
category of woman so there are you know
women who've had hysterectomies there
are men who who aren't fertile but the
category is still into reproduction so
you can have somebody who doesn't
necessarily fulfill that ability but you
know it's it's still the the two
dichotomous really dichotomous closers
intersect but but you know what I mean
they still fulfill that role of
producing one another yeah so I mean I
would be an idiot to not recognize that
there is a dichotomy between between the
male and the female and like a
reproductive role I just don't think
that we use these words like it's very
very rare I think that we actually refer
to like man or woman in terms of like
reproductive capabilities so for
instance if I asked my friend like hey
you know who are you gonna help with
today and then the friend refers to
somebody named Samantha and then they
either refer to her as a her or him like
very rarely are we trying to describe
that person's reproductive role in
society if anything I would say that
that your reproductive role is almost
entirely obfuscated saved for a
conversation you have with a doctor or
like a very close lover when you're
talking about having children
it just seems to me that like when we
talk about like what does it mean to be
a man or what is it
to be a woman in today's society like
most people wouldn't give reproductive
rules anywhere near the top of their
list answers you listen top ten trace of
male or female like in terms of like
societal definitions reproductive roles
like every night probably many but
endless so I got so I guess then how do
you define gender or you know the
concept of a man and the concept of a
woman so I mean it today's society it
seems like so if we talk about like I
guess like gender categories it seems
like we can make a broad set of
statements about men and then we can
make a broad set of statements about
women that seem to be somewhat true most
of the time so men tend to wear certain
types of clothes they tend to exhibit
certain types behaviors they tend to
wear their hair in a certain way right
and then the same thing for women women
tend to shave more than men they tend to
have these features that then don't like
maybe it's more when we get into like
the societal definition then we move
away from this dimorphic definition to
like a bimodal definition but we say
there's like a lot of overlap between
left and right if we're not just talking
rigidly about like reproductive roles
right so to me this seems to undermine
like the feminist agenda which was you
know that to be a man to be a woman you
know he fill these these gender
stereotypes of these gender roles to be
a woman and I agree with that that part
of feminism I don't really agree with
modern feminism in a lot of aspects
that's that's one I agree with which is
you can be a woman and you can be a
powerlifter you can be an engineer you
can not shave you know none of these
things define woman to me yeah so
actually I would actually agree with you
there
we might actually find a lot of
agreement that in those rooms that I
think there is some level of harm when
it comes to kind of like having these
definitions of man or woman but the
direction that that takes you to is
going to be for the abolishment of
gender categories altogether not to a
more rigid definition
male or female gender categories I think
oh I think if you were to abolish gender
categories altogether then I mean you do
kind of lose that bimodal so I there
there are correlative traits
psychologically speaking you know you
know James d'amour did this whole memo
on that but you know they actually show
ice I mean their corner of the trace
everybody I don't think you get rid of
the categorization altogether I think
that means kind of throw everything
disarray well but I mean I think I think
we can I mean obviously that would be
like a pretty radical shift but like
when I tell you that somebody is a man
or and tell you that somebody is a woman
we're really like you're only getting
like a broad like I guess the thing that
hurts is it like you you tell me that
like the category of man of the category
of woman you know sits here to assert
some reproductive role but if I tell you
that somebody is a man or a woman you
actually have no idea what the
reproductive capabilities are the woman
might have gone through menopause the
man might be infertile you have no idea
but we still use these categories
everyday because we're clearly referring
to things that aren't related at all to
reproductive roles right right but I
think the same thing could be said about
your definition was I could tell you
somebody's a man but that doesn't mean
you gave a couple examples you know it
doesn't mean that you know pity towards
math but I think you can always I agree
with what you're saying
I 100% I just I totally agree what
you're saying but that drives me towards
the idea that gender as a concept is
outdated and we should abolish it all
together I don't know how you get from
what you just said which I agree with
100% that calling somebody a man or a
woman isn't even necessarily descriptive
of any characteristic about them in
today's world
maybe these categories aren't even do
SFIL anymore I totally agree with it so
a part of the second point of my
position was was to say you know for
people who feel one way versus the other
you know there's a man who feels that
they're a woman and so to me the the way
we resolve this the best way we can pay
your instead of a woman your your train
so and then we can use the proper
pronoun so we can use so in your
employee conversation you're out to
dinner with somebody and you would use
she and her you know the proper pronoun
they prefer and and still maintain that
okay they're transformed they're not a
woman they're a trans woman and there
are some aspects of conversation where
we sit well we'll just defer to woman
instead of trans woman but I I don't
like the idea of just completely
dropping this differentiation I I don't
see I don't see the utility and dropping
the categorization I only see this
utility sure so what well let's talk
about that actually cuz I'm really
curious because there is dependent
either so nobody nobody in the world
feels like a trans anything that doesn't
seem to be something that people are
programmed for you either feel like you
fit into this idea of man or you feel
like you fit into this idea of one like
a trans woman isn't a man that feels
like
oh wait hello hey hear me oh yeah yeah
what about non-binary uh you know
somewhere else
um that's a whole other we those are
like a fraction of a percentage of even
like LGBTQ people but like I mean those
that we could talk about that too but in
terms of like trans people like trans
people don't feel like a like a trans
person they feel like like somebody of
the other category right um so so I
think the idea of like referring to like
trans women and saying that there's a
separate category for them called trans
women when the entire point of like
hormone replacement therapy and
everything is to make it so that they
you know their gender expression matches
that of a woman and not just a trans
woman it seems to undermine that entire
treatment process like I don't know if
that would be as an effective way of
helping these people deal with gender
dysphoria and then you move that to me
then it sounds like also your logical
conclusion kind of at rid of gender as a
construct entirely you know then that
also seems to undermine whether well I
feel like a woman well there is no woman
yeah I agree
I mean I agree with you but that path
takes us to gender abolitionism not not
to more rigid gender roles so I mean
like I mean like it yeah if that's a
position but I yeah I mean if that's a
position that you want argue for I would
probably be in agreement there and I've
talked to at least one trans to
transgender people that have told me
that like possibly in a different
society maybe they wouldn't feel trans
because the way that the gender
expression works would be so much
radically more different that they would
feel like they do identify as whatever
and it's not like this huge like
mismatch between what they see
themselves as what they are but in
today's society we do still have gender
roles which is where it which is where
the gender dysphoria seems to arise from
you see yourself in a different way and
what your body actually is which is a
big problem right so I mean you know I
definitely don't like gender roles I
think there are roles that women will
gravitate to but I don't like the the
idea of generals because it's like well
then you're then pushing somebody there
and that I don't like I think that's a
attack on liberty in some sense but I
guess like my the question I have for
you is because it you made a stay was
very interesting it kind of gets to the
point of us what let's say that we call
let's say trans women are just called
women and transmitters complement what
what utility are you losing what actual
harm is being done to society we if we
redefine as categories in this way what
about music yeah well so then this goes
back to you know the historical
categorization and biological biological
categorization so ominous - non you know
intersex and and when you say that
categories are mutually exclusive
particularly I don't you know at a
biological level so when you say well a
man can be a woman then you're
fundamentally dick on its head because
you know that's why I kind of put in my
position it's like saying a is equal to
not a well so I so I disagree with this
a is equal to not a because when you say
a zero not a where
talking like very strict forms of
deductive logic right we're not talking
about like universal categories that can
very easily be redefined from one thing
to another we changed the way that we
view what a chair is and it starts to
encompass the category of table like
we're not breaking fundamental rules of
logic as a is not equal hey we're just
changing how we define like chair or
table so I mean I disagree with this
analogy that we're using to like strict
and deductive logic so I go back to the
point I'm very curious like we can say a
lot of words like we're breaking science
or what are we actually losing if we
could say transmen of men and trans
women are women what do we actually lose
in society we do this Oh going back to
your to your chair thing huh I think it
would be like saying chair is not a
chair so it's not that it you you can
pair a chair to table but to me it would
be chair too not chair because there
aren't dichotomous chair not chair or
the commas so man and woman in my view
and I think this new move of most people
as right now is man and woman are
dichotomies yeah I just I guess I just
can't accept I mean we could go back and
drill on this but I just I don't accept
that that's the way that we use these
terms today I don't accept that when
John says I met a girl from work and
they don't hang out with a girl that
like the stand-in for that is I met a
somebody that is capable of reproducing
with me I just don't think that's the
way that we use these categories today
99% of circumstances when you go to the
store and you see like women's clothes
they're men's clothes it's not clothing
for people that are capable of
reproducing on this side of a diner
morphic like dichotomy that just seems
like a really strange way of doing it I
know I agree with you that there's a lot
of instances where we substituted man
and woman where it it doesn't go back to
that original categorization by ability
to reproduce and I think the guy gave
what good examples but but there are
examples where we do so there are
examples in the law kind of gets to the
bathroom idea you know the controversy
and to me the bathroom controversy got
real controversy there's deeper there
well like what if we just
bathroom kind of race doesn't make sense
what if we just had bathrooms right and
then they can go in okay so let me give
you an example and here's where I think
it gets difficult so okay there are
women who will go to two spas right and
in these spas you have the full full
nudity sections of the spas a lot of the
time uh-huh so if you get rid of this
man a woman and you say up and and we're
now we're gonna put them together and so
now you've got women and men in the full
nude that are you know being in the same
place and it's gonna be uncomfortable
more for women but for men as well and
then it go a little bit further than
that especially when you talk about like
transphobia so for instance if my
girlfriend were to go to one of these
spas and a man were to come in like like
a man man you know somebody who
identifies as a man whose expression as
a man were to come in in the full nude
very uncomfortable and again de
transphobia so que maybe that person
identifies as a woman then you're going
to shame my girlfriend for for being
uncomfortable because a trans woman is a
woman so there's a lot of things you
said that I think are true but I think
when you dig down into it there are
instances where these categorizations
matter and then when you go into shaming
calling somebody transphobic really gets
to a problem so I mean like we can I
mean like so I'm gonna ignore the fact
that there are saunas and there are
public places where like people are nude
and it's not a big deal and it's kind of
ironic because like I've been in Sweden
for a week I'm like it happens here
where people are nude and believe it or
not like outside of America a lot of
Europe like people are comfortable
nudity without wanting to tell
themselves like when I go to the
bathrooms here like I can walk into a
bathroom and it's weird as an American
like I walk in a bathroom women walk out
and I keep thinking I've went into the
wrong place that it happens here and
society who hasn't fallen apart here and
it seems to go okay well even if we
ignore all of that like you could just
just easily change the signs to like you
know people with penises on the left
people with vaginas on the
right like if you really wanted to it
was that big of a deal I don't think it
would be and I me like not to mention it
like we're brushing over like a whole
other thing what about people that are
homosexual would you be comfortable in a
spa with a gay guy walk again next to
you like is that something it's gonna
make you uncomfortable too because he
might be sexually attracted to you are
these people supposed to go in with the
women uh that's a good point I don't -
you know penis is one area of people
with vaginas in another I think that oh
especially when you're saying the
genitalia doesn't define that that seems
a little
well genitalia our genitalia like I'd
like a trans woman with a penis is it
going to say like well I've seen some
extreme trans people say other things
but generally like a trans woman with a
penis isn't going to say you know like
oh well this penis is actually my vagina
typically so I mean like I think that
trans women with penises would be okay
going to the PETA section and then trans
men with vaginas would go to the vagina
saying like I don't know people wouldn't
necessarily have a problem with that but
like you're only looking at this in
terms of like seeing the wet seeing
people that like you're thinking of only
people that definitely don't pass as
well so like for instance like well we
talked about like the bathroom thing you
know people like I want trans people to
go to their own bathrooms it's like like
- this the real bathroom it's not the
ones they identify with well okay well
to use like the emotionally loaded
example how would you feel like if your
little girl went into a bathroom and
then right behind it this big trucker
guy walked into the bathroom you're like
what the [ __ ] are you doing and the
trucker guy was like hey I'm on HRT and
I've got a vagina but this is the
bathroom do you want me to go in - so
here I'm going in like I mean like it
would be like just as ridiculous I think
I that's why I don't think the bathroom
is is yeah yeah because you're just
using the toilet you know you're you're
in privacy than most the time anyway
uh-huh I think going it's like that
sauna thing when you talk about prisons
- prison sports and and these full
nudity places
what places is where I think it breaks
down the bathroom it's like saying allow
to go into the women's bathroom then by
the same logic
you're gonna allow these other places
well how them to go in these other
places that are separated for a reason
so the bathroom I mean I guess but like
for that same argument for the spa thing
that the trucker dude would be there too
so your girlfriend is at the spa and
this big trucker dude that's been on HRT
for like the past like five years is
gonna walk in and sit down next urgently
excuse me what the [ __ ] is like sorry I
have a trends I'm a trans man so you
know I'm Here I am with the real women
and I'm a woman but they're gonna be
hairy and bulky and whatever it is
that's what testosterone does to you
even women if they take enough of it
like you want them going into the SIS
women spot like oh so you're saying a
woman who has and going into the woman
spa yes like a trans man so a woman
that's been on hormone replacement
therapy that's getting testosterone you
would want that person to go into the
spa with your girlfriend somebody that
outwardly looks like a male and in every
size shape and form accept the fact that
they have a vagina like they would be
hairy on their chest probably they're
probably in a very small of any boobs
like they would have a deep voice like
hey so what what i'm curious what how
would you handle that in your definition
how would you handle that in that
situation um I mean I I think that areas
like these I think these are kind of
like niche things I don't know how often
like people that identify with the
gender in a spa like really impacts
things mixed gender stuff is probably
fine in America we hyper sexualized the
[ __ ] out of everything everything is so
sexual on society compared to other
countries it's the same it would
probably be okay to mix it up but I mean
like in terms of like the general like
thought I have like trans people have
like such an elevated risk of suicide
because of everything they have to deal
with and like for me to just call trans
woman women
I don't really lose anything like I
don't think I lose any descriptive power
I like I could still ask somebody like
hey like I want to have children with
you were capable of doing it like that's
a question if I was getting a trans
woman or sis woman I would have to ask
the same
question in that way right because I
don't know if a woman is fertile or not
you know there are a lot of women that
are who are XY women who actually have
no idea that they have XY chromosomes I
don't even know that because they
haven't been tested for it and they
haven't tried to get Franco so I mean
like it's it I don't think I lose any
descriptive power by calling trans women
women or transmitted men and it seems
like it benefits them a whole bunch so I
just don't see a reason not to right
well you mentioned suicide so there's a
lot of statistics on this but I know
there's at least a couple studies where
at well at least one study where I think
it looked at down the road after they
have transitioned and it found that
there was still hyper elevated levels of
suicide even even after they had
transitioned ten years down the road no
thanks not so Anthony yeah no there's
not I feel no of what you started with
you're citing ben shapiro said at the
same study so the methodology the study
if you go read it it actually had to do
with the lifetime suicide attempts of
people that had transition and who
patton transition just because you
transition doesn't mean your prior
suicide attempts go away one to you
would expect the people that went
through the effort of transition to have
higher suicide attempts because their
gender dysphoria was so bad that they
sought treatment to transition right the
people that have the least amount of
gender dysphoria are probably the least
likely to commit suicide and three the
all three event oh you're gay I did I
did got pause right there yeah so you
are saying that there is a correlation a
like I either saying it's a mental
illness that people who feel the need to
transition that it's not just because
society is treating them wrong it's
because that there is an underlying
mental illness well so what is getting
into what we pathologize is really
difficult doesn't people debate the
[ __ ] and I wouldn't when the new
dishes of the do sever prepared so I I'm
not qualified to say what is or isn't
like an illness oh just going by the
book the illness related to trans people
it is referred to as gender dysphoria
it seems like in the current edition of
the DSM nothing changed let's make that
clear in 2013 right it was changed it
was originally gender something else but
I'm pretty sure it changed in 2013 right
sure so typically what we call a mental
illness today
in the DSM before my wares we call them
under some things that impair your daily
life so the things that we thing that we
call are meant to almost related to
transcritical gender dysphoria so gender
dysphoria means that you see yourself in
a certain way like internally and it
defers so much from your outward
appearance to society that it causes
like a great anguish that you experience
mentally this anguish leads to other
mental illness like depression or
anxiety that can cause you to become
suicidal or to something later do a
whole bunch of other horrible things
like that so that's the part that we
call mental it's just being a
transgender person is not considered a
mental illness but having gender
dysphoria is the part that we consider a
mental illness and that's what we try to
treat so we treat that there like sexual
reassignment surgery SRS or home or
replacement therapy HRT okay yeah I
think there's a lot of activists who
would disagree with you calling gender
dysphoria mental illness I don't think
it technically it's well I don't wait
what do you I don't think anybody
missing I'm not an expert but but yeah I
know I don't think any activists would
disagree with that I don't think they
wouldn't - if anyone okay then maybe
there's something I don't understand
what the activist community things like
that
calling it a mental illness in any way
it seems to be a point of contention
well okay so like there's a difference
between being transgender and having
gender dysphoria so being transgender
that's just the state of I was born
biologically male but identify as a
woman that's that's a transfer that's
what being transgender means gender
dysphoria is I am so different I feel
like I'm a man and I have a vagina and
boobs and that difference is causing me
extreme mental anguish
that's gender dysphoria so gender
dysphoria is what we treat we don't
treat transgender people to like make
them be okay with with whatever the
employment we treat the gender dysphoria
might haven't entrace to transition to
how they see themselves that's what the
current APA stances and that's what all
of our treatments are geared towards
right now that seems to be the most
effective way of dealing with gender
dysphoria we're saying that the
difference is in gender dysphoria there
is a lot of mental anguish
that's not necessarily the case with all
transgender people correct so there
might actually be like there are there
are trans people there are trans people
that I was born a man I really feel like
I'm a woman and that sucks but it
doesn't cause me like a great deal of
English at the end of the day so I
wouldn't have very much gender dysphoria
so like I wouldn't have that that big
part of like the mental almost part
those people do exist yeah okay and then
there are other people who like the
gender dysphoria is like kind of [ __ ]
they're like ah manly this is kind of a
drag I don't like this and then there
are other people like this gender
dysphoria literally makes me want to
[ __ ] kill myself I'm so different
than what I see myself in the outside
and I cannot live this way in society
everybody treats me in a way differently
than what I would like to be treated
with that it to me it does sound like
with that explanation that you are
saying that the primary underlying issue
then is not a mental illness but the way
society treats them because the way they
see themselves that's correct and that
actually that seems funny that you just
referenced the ben shapiro cites all the
time incorrectly um in that study the
the researcher she mentions that trans
persons likeliness of committing suicide
or trying to do self-harm after
transitioning is directly related to how
much support they have from the people
around them after transitioning that's
like a huge part of the success of a
person's treatment
I mean you agree it's a gender dysphoria
at least as a mental illness I don't
know if disagree on anything there but
it I don't know if any study that it
says once a woman's you know once a
person's transition it comes down to the
suicide rate comes down to the B oh no
it doesn't come down to normal but it
absolutely comes down it absolutely
drops yeah that's why for the
recommended course of action by the APA
yeah um well I guess I go back to kind
of what what the
Bremen is say something like a trans
woman is a woman so it's a person who's
a man you've changed the definition to
the point where you're taking something
that belongs to two mutually exclusive
sets in my world and object or data
point that belongs to set a can now be a
part of set B even though they're
mutually exclusive yeah I understand
this argument like we keep trying to
bring this back into like a realm of
logic where I'm not going to necessarily
disagree with you but your conclusion
here logically follows but but I'm
taking issue your premise that we will
do rigidly define these categories in
the way that we do um like I mean like
we just don't are you able to click
links right now on your yeah so like um
if if I were to tell you for instance
that I was gonna go meet my friend and
she's you know this is like my friend
and she's like really cool and like you
saw a picture here like should I refer
to this person as a she or a he like
yeah well I don't know if it's transfer
nut so this is a guy called sneaky I
don't know if he actually is transferred
out but he cosplays as women like it
would be very confusing to you in a
conversation if I kept referring to
somebody like this as a he right because
that's because you're not thinking of
like reproductive roles when I refer
somebody there's other characteristics
that were generally thinking of when we
talk about you know like he or she like
there's other things going on and
actually my favorite evidence of this is
when ben shapiro is having a
conversation with a joe rogan i think
and he's trying to misgender somebody to
prove his point he keeps messing it up
because he keeps thinking of the person
he's trying to mister he thinks of her
as a she even though biologically they
have a penis because that's outwardly
like what she appears to be i mean even
he keeps messing it up in the
conversation which I think kind of
points to the idea like this is it's
hard to have this argument cuz like we
don't have like these rigid definitions
of anything in society right languages
very descriptive but like I don't think
that we use these like man or woman
words to like say like this is the
biological reproductive role this person
fills a society you know right so I
would say to to the model you put there
no buying new this person and I knew
that it was a man that that cause played
in women's roles huh refer to them as
men if I didn't know and I was saying
you know you showed me this picture and
we just started talking about this
person I call her she yeah and then your
point about P he does agree so he you
know I had that conversation with
playwright I don't know if you saw it
where he liked it we were out to dinner
Adams call you she that you're right
it's the easiest it just kind of flows
naturally it makes sense you know that
that that's not I agree that if somebody
who's got transitioned that employed
conversation it make sense to just call
them if Blair white wants to be called
her it make sense to call them her you
know turn it's within my worldview III
don't think that uh you know I I don't
think that a you know changes anything
to me at least well but I mean like this
is how it works right so we can circle
back there's like a we can have a debate
I don't think there's a debate but you
can have a debate on how language works
right whose language prescriptive or his
language descriptive is language
something that a book has a definition
that tells us how to speak or its
language descriptive do we try to like
account for these are the words that
people use and this is how they tend to
speak personally I don't think there's
any merit to the prescriptive side of
language people change words all the
time in fact if you go and look up in
the dictionary Webster's dictionary now
if you go look at the word literally it
literally has underneath it figuratively
because that's how people use the word
so often I write this is literally the
worst day in my life
you know like language just kind of like
tracks like what people say in society
and if that person so this person is
cost less sneaky
if this he if he was standing next to
another guy okay and you know convention
and I would ask you hey could you go
over there could you could you go and
bring her over here without telling you
which one it was like it seems like you
would go and grab sneaky if he was
dressed in this sort of outfit yeah so
like for me to refer to him there as a
he it seems like in that case your
original argument was one of utility he
seems in that case I'm actually losing
utility there by strictly referring to
him as a he because it doesn't seem like
that word actually maps on to
reproductive roles like you like you
originally kind of wanted it to oh no
because I agree that you would you
probably would call soon as we've got
confused where you probably call him
ashy and you're right I would I would
grab that grab sure so like for all
intents and purposes if you never
actually saw this person's genitalia
which for 99.9% people we don't actually
see their genitalia the way we identify
people is usually with like outward
features that fall into the category
gender expression so like if I see
somebody and they have smooth legs long
hair they make way more dresses or
rappers they might have a lot of jewelry
they might wear makeup in a certain way
like I usually call this group of people
women and I don't actually know if they
have vaginas that they have agendas I
don't know the capable of reproducing
but this just this general kind of
category that maps on to this like a
very bimodal distribution right because
you know some men have long hair some
bah-bah-bah but like that's just kind of
how we address people in society and I
think that having like a trans woman
that hits enough of these categories of
dressed as like a woman I just I don't
know I don't see any damage there in
society if anything it makes things a
little easier I can't imagine if I meant
like Blaire white like publicly like
trans like hey could you bring that
trans woman up you like powers call our
hearts like I see I can't like yeah I
don't know why I would ever have another
category for this person it seems to
make things more confusing than anything
else right but I don't know if anything
you've said there could flicks with
might say okay you know we'll use the
pronouns we agree on that but at the end
of a more being specific we say okay
this person's a man and this person's a
trans man never like who's saying this
needs to say I think your your your
debate with with Sargon uh-huh to the
the
the analogy to stepfathers and I thought
that was a pretty good analogy so in
most cases we refer to a stepfather as
it they have guardianship you know
there's a strong bond their emotional
bond but we we maintain that distinction
between a a stepfather and a father so
what I'm trying to do is maintain a
distinction like like where does this
distinction matter that's what I'm
asking now like I would agree with you
for instance if a if a trans woman
outside the trans man wanted to walk
into a reproductive clinic and demand to
donate their semen and it's a trans man
so it's a person of the vagina like okay
well hold on this doesn't work okay like
well this now the category is actually
relevant here because this is very
important or or if a trans woman was
trying to get pregnant with with a
cisgender husband and goes to the doctor
I was like well I don't understand
what's going on it's like okay well you
both have penises like you can't get
pregnant right ok well now this little
point right now the categories are
actually relevant but for 99% of our
daily lives I don't I just don't think
that using these categories in a
reproductive fashion is very relevant to
what we're saying it like in the vast
majority of how we refer to people we
don't really know anything at all about
the reproductive status yeah well I I
think when you're talking about all the
fundamental when you dig down to what's
there between a man a woman it comes
down to biology so when when you
conflate these terms when you when when
you don't make a distinction I think it
becomes confusing to then talk about
biology especially you know you're a
evolutionary biologist someone like
Brett Weinstein one it makes it
difficult to teach it makes it difficult
to learn well so like that's no I I
disagree with this like we could still
have plenty of conversations about
biology with with with trans people
being referred to as I
trans women benefit is when trans
memories man I'm gonna forego the whole
part here first of all if we would if we
really want to get into the science and
the biology even the concept of sex
becomes very messy and at a final level
like no no biologist that's that studies
like actual like you know things related
to sex is going to tell you that there's
like this rigid distinction between like
male and female they're not it gets a
lot more messy the intense biological
level but we'll ignore that and when
you're talking about things outside of
humans even things related to humans
there's a lot of weird [ __ ] that that
happens it's just but but like even
outside of that like I don't see how
trans people are gonna make it difficult
to teach a biology course like they just
I don't know I totally reject that I
just don't see that ever happening like
you like what cuz they okay a person
with biological biologically male organs
who has XY chromosomes is a woman you
talk about reproduction in biological
settings when you're teaching it you
can't make these these things you I mean
even in biology you're not typically
talking about like the the the like the
women dogs or the men dogs like like
you're very usually restricted to
talking about like biological sex you're
saying like male and female not like you
know here's the dog man or whatever I
just I don't know I'm like and then and
then when you're referring to like
functions of organs right like you know
like these are the male testes versus
the female teste so this is the male
ovary versus the female ovary like I do
I don't I just don't think in biology
like having trans people makes things
that confusing I don't think it I don't
write I just I'd be very curious to hear
from like from a professor like to say
like I it's very hard to teach biology
now because trans people exist that
would be there would be a very hard
argument to so I think um because yeah I
don't know if I agree ie
in my worldview I don't think it does
because there is a clear distinction
when I say trans woman and woman but
when you conflate these things and you
have the have the antonym as part of the
category then I think it gets very
confusing and then additionally on top
of that so so this is I think where the
conversation eventually will lead is
what else but if you want to say okay
gender is is identity and people
typically on the right or who don't buy
into this too but say well I identify as
an attack helicopter and what sounds
silly but then you get into things like
other kins who who are people who
identify as as animals yeah so other
cats yes I thought so I only I actually
don't care much about like the social
justice narratives or anything related
to that show I don't care I just go by
with the science sense so the APA as far
as video has never recognized like other
kins as like a group of people I don't
know or Nia is a species dysphoria I'm
pretty sure it there is a Wikipedia
entry and I think the Wikipedia entry
that in here Oh
even if it's not in the DSM you know 20
years from now 30 years from now when
this conversation eventually goes down
its logical conclusion it very well
could be added to it in this case we'd
be having that conversation at that
point then it becomes when you say you
can just identify as something else
you kind of go down the rabbit rabbit
hole you you open a Pandora's box so I I
disagree so this is like so I would
argue that this is a fallacious use of
slippery slope and that you would have
to actually establish how we would get
from point A to point B so I'm telling
you trans people exist there have been
recognized throughout all of history and
people
literally kill themselves because of
issues arising from from like gender
dysphoria if you want to posit that
while people identify as attack
helicopters or other camera never then
I'm going to ask you to establish that
like a little bit more like are there
actually people killing themselves
because they feel so strongly that they
should have been Sonic when they were
born or or they should have been you
know like a dog I don't think that this
is something that is I don't know if
they are killing themselves
I generally genuinely don't know but
they do exist I mean there's there's
documentaries on them and when I was
getting before he was on Joe Rogan's
podcast he he mentioned a friend of his
who owns a company and there was an HR
complaint about somebody who identified
as a cat and they put an HR complaint
because they didn't have litter boxes oh
you know it's an anecdote but yeah I
mean like there are documentaries I'm
people [ __ ] car exhausts I mean I'm sure
they're like what I'm sure we could
finally go one off of anything but in
terms of like other Ken or or attack
helicopters being something that's like
cited in the literature that is like
included in maybe it'll make the DSM 6
and I'll change my mind like I don't
think that this is like actually a
problem that is more right well that's
right completely disagree I think that
as soon as you open up a something that
was has originally been defined by
biology just like the economy has been
defined by by also practice you when
just like that you would have to
question other things so it's careful
you have to be so we have to be careful
to make this table first of all biology
doesn't define any categories all of
these categories are arbitrarily defined
right what is a man or what is a woman
we can't take these definitions of
science like we give these things
definitions all biology can do all the
science can do is is analyze and
describe the world it can't tell us how
we should group things or how we should
just core or how we should like
categorize things these are 100% human
constructed things like a like you're
making a social constructionist argument
which go down that road when you say you
know okay it's math socially constructed
then again I feel like you're opening up
Pandora's Box I do you think math is a
socially
destructed I what do you think so I
would argue it is but mathematical
realism or anti realism is a far far far
cry from whether or not universals come
from any scientific discipline because
math doesn't math isn't something that
is like empirically analyzed like a
science it's a really different thing I
think I think that going like math is
something that stems from axioms so we
have to have a discussion on like
epistemology to argue mathematical
realism or fancy realism I don't even
have to know what epistemology is to
argue about whether or not categories
from science exist you know outside of a
scientific discipline and they don't
write like that does you know like every
category that we make is socially
socially defined because we have some
use for it right like if what is uh what
is a computer well as does a computer
exists well no there is no such thing as
a computer it's actually a collection of
plastic and motherboards and graphics
cards that's what it commits well but we
say computer because there's a there's a
use there when we describe a computer
when we give that category there's some
utility there same thing with male or
female or men and women like these are
broadly they map on to some physical
characteristics that we've decided you
know are probably important and that's
where these like broad categories come
from that's it no study or no
investigation into biology is ever going
to tell you man and a woman is how you
want to group these two things that's
that's a normative thing that never
comes from science
that's 100% something that we have to
socially construct let's see what we
when I think about this when I think
about whether or not something is is
socially constructed so you know like
again about map the symbols we use for
mathur are socially constructed but
whether or not the underlying phenomenon
is socially constructed that's well know
you know they're obviously like biology
the biology exists and yes we decide to
categorize things based on utility but
you know there is a fundamental human
drive to to reproduce serve the species
so
just to say that categorization is
socially constructed is because when I
think socially constructed to me it's
almost like you're saying it's arbitrary
we could have defined it as something
else but well so you can't to be clear
socially constructed doesn't necessarily
mean arbitrary I could socially
construct something to provide the
maximum amount of utility so that social
construct is an arbitrary it's a social
construct it gives me the most utility
so for instance like do you think that
do you think that tacos are like a
feature of the world the tacos are like
a like like I think the category of taco
is every human being would to be
destroyed like a taco would exist like
like independent of all mankind like
probably like a taco or understanding of
attack or even a durian nursery
yeah nervous for sure but but looks like
we'll say like taco or like sandwich
right like a sandwich is something like
this could be like so many things you
know but just because it's arbitrary
like we could define a sandwich anything
or rather I'm sorry just because it's a
social construct doesn't make it
arbitrary like if I say like the
sandwich is anything we kind of wanted
me we've defined like but this is what
we defined it as a sandwich is like two
pieces of bread with a piece of meat in
the middle and you're like well that's
socially constructed ago well yeah of
course it is that wouldn't mean that use
ago oh well that's arbitrary this cell
phone is now saying well now hold on
just because I've socially constructed
the category of sandwich doesn't mean
that it's arbitrary I just have the
social contract because it provides some
utility as a person same thing with male
and female like male and female and a
scientific sense generally provides some
utility to as they broadly describe the
differences between like a dog morphic
species and then man and woman and a
gender sense broadly describe our map on
to some differences a bimodal
distribution of features in a society
but that's it like that's all they are
they're not like derived from science
and some hardcore way and and I and I
disagree again with the original
assertion that man or woman literally
means like reproduce on milk yeah man or
woman means like reproductive roles in
society because we can both give a
million examples where we call someone a
he or she
or a man or a woman and we don't have
deal with their being productive rollers
we're totally guessing I don't know at
all well I mean so so what about someone
who identifies as a woman but is very
what we call butch very uh you know got
a lot of masculine features it you know
participates in a lot of masculine roles
traditionally masculine roles you know
at that point do you go to woman or do
you go to to male
um so I mean for me I guess it's just
basically how they choose to present
themselves
like what are they prefer to call but
not saying because they identify as a
woman then we will call them a woman
yeah I mean generally yeah I mean that's
kind of what we do with names okay we're
not going to the the stereotypical
features so you know to truly call him a
man they might look like a man that much
this argument I think kind of chips away
at what you were saying before you know
what the screamer and and and calling
him a woman because it looks like a
woman when he got this woman who
identifies as a woman that looks like a
man
what do you default you I mean this
these are two separate arguments one is
like should a transfer be allowed to be
considered a woman and the other is like
how should you address a person I think
these are two separate arguments I
address a person with whatever they tell
me to I mean like I don't like that's it
right I mean even people that are
broadly critical like imagine like ben
shapiro opens a debate with like hello
I'm Ben Shapiro and I go I'm sorry
you're not Ben Shapiro you're Benjamin
to Shapiro like if we look at your birth
certificate analyze it like it's
improper to introduce it like that well
that's ridiculous right you're typically
address those every toes like how you
address a person is a separate
discussion from like tenet transmen
would be considered a woman I think
these are two simple things well no I
mean I what there is a distinction the
distinction is mostly irrelevant on for
the most part there are some cases like
in the law where Ben versus Benjamin
mate may be relevant but I think that
you could say the same thing about
you know man and woman so you have a lot
of law laws don't written that you know
it's where you know if all female
facilities all male facilities that
these things were written I think with
traditional categorization in mind which
is you know the biological one and then
to then go back and reinterpret and say
well no gender doesn't mean men it means
identity i I think it it opens up a huge
issue there and how we interpret things
that will rain the other interpretation
with the other definition in mind I mean
like again like if I go with your world
like let's say that I'd make like a like
a like an all-woman's gym where the
women are only comfortable around other
women and then because of your rules I
get like a trans man that comes in and
he's like Harry he's full on hormone
replacement therapy he's got a beard and
everything is like well sorry I'm here
because this is where I have to be like
I don't know I don't I don't think in
that sense like it even passes your own
test like wouldn't we want this person
to go to the place that they identify
with
but you're saying whenever we have these
like the sauna that wherever they
identify with that's what you're saying
yeah I think I just I don't think it
causes them into problems yeah I think
it does especially you you know like you
said in America especially in America it
does if I were to go to the sauna and I
were to to walk in there into the
woman's section I think would cause a
lot of problems for the owner I think
you would lose a ton of business I think
there are women who would feel very
uncomfortable and I think there are
potentially even women given this video
don't you don't you think this will
happen don't you think since what
happened just the same if a trans man
walked into the women's section I think
it could but then it goes back to okay
what do you default to and to me the
default is the biological categorization
so I well like so you see that you saw
that picture I posted earlier sneaky
right let's say that somebody like that
walked into your son as a man
like naked or you were showering would
that make it wouldn't that make you
uncomfortable I don't know if necessary
to making me uncomfortable but I think
you can say would make some men
uncomfortable potentially so what do you
do there is would work my way in your
world too
well I mean in my world I would say the
like people should I so this has never
been demonstrated from how people like a
views like the trans things just like
sneak Reiki or whatever or like sneak
sexually harass people especially
because trans if you really go down that
road where you're saying okay we're just
going to go with the identification you
could absolutely take advantage of it
whether or not it has happened I don't
know if that's relevant it's if somebody
who is looking for victims identify as
trans they could be a you know a man
who's victimized women could then misuse
this now women so to me it I breathe air
if there are difficulties I agree give a
syringe describing where I default back
to the original categorization don't
think there's a better way I think
that's the best way I don't think it's
perfect but I think it's the best way I
think your your definition I think leads
to more problems but I totally disagree
like I don't think that anybody would be
happy with a trans man going into like
the women's bath it was a perfect I
agree it won't be perfect I I think when
you default when you say what are we
going to default to it I think you've
got to do that because I mean imagine is
you have somebody like Jocko willing who
obviously not just with somebody like
them who gets arrested and they are now
going to go to prison he commits a very
violent crime and they say they want to
go to what's the big date now the
violent crime they committed is is
serial rape they want to identify as
woman they have on their you know they
they foresaw this so even on their their
driver's license they've identified as
woman on the driver's license when they
refer to themselves they refer to
themselves as woman you know I've got
all this documentation I can prove that
identifies what I want to go
to this I think you've got a really boom
there okay so like this is like this is
like concern trolling on like an
unbelievably imagine well so like here
the facts also like where the why'd you
plead
what's a like about what let's get away
from the logic the the quote-unquote
logic part and let's go to the actual
empirical road so Pyrrhic lee so I get
purely speaking what you said I am not
aware of this ever happening ever I do
know that right now statistically trans
people are like 13 times more likely to
be sexually victimized in a prison than
a non trans person so to like engage in
this level of concern Charlier like well
maybe somebody when they're 18 will put
the wrong gender on their driver's
license and then a year later be a
serial rapist all so that they can go to
the right prison to go in and say
alright like this is like a
fantastically fictional account that I
don't think has ever happened and you're
using this to argue against something
that today exists and is hurting people
today it's statistically significant
numbers like that seems like a like a
bizarre argument to me at I don't I
generally don't know the numbers on this
are you saying that they that trans
population on trans population in
prisons experience high rates it's like
13 times higher I think yeah and that's
and that's that's not just in prison
either like that's a normal society to
like trans people are more likely to be
victimized like an in a plethora of
situations outside of prison
environments as well
they're more likely to be victimized me
and I know that I'm not aware of weight
statistics or the transportation bus
sure I guess like I'm trying to think
like honest to god like if somebody
would have tell me that like hot dogs
should be considered sandwiches like
this is probably something that would
cause me more issues in my life then
well then trans women being home women
like if somebody feels like a trans
woman is a woman I'm trying to think
like okay well where can I have like a
bad thing happen my life like I can't
think of something whereas if I were to
go to a subway and they would be like
what do you want I'm like give me the
sandwich you have and the guy that gives
me a hotdog that would be like a
measurable harm in my life okay well not
like the category of sandwich exists for
a reason and hotdogs sure as [ __ ]
doesn't count whatever would I don't
agree with that I I think that there are
there are measurable harms in in both
worlds but I think to say that there are
no measurable harms you may not be the
one victimized so that's why you
wouldn't think about it like the only
harms you've given me so far
but like the only harms you give me so
far like pretty fantastical
hypotheticals like this idea of like the
trans radical we haven't gone there you
know in 50 years if we if we we do go
down this route they wouldn't be
hypothetical I mean these things would
be happening were so they're
hypotheticals for now I don't see why
that matters par we said we're trans
women are getting raped III agree with
that matters but I don't think the fact
that we're talking about hypotheticals
matters I guess I just well I know but
like this this is what I mean when I say
concerning problem is it like like right
now it's something like a hundred fifty
like a hundred fifty percent higher
chance of being sexually assaulted in
like a bathroom if you're a transgender
girl that isn't allowed to go to the
girls bathroom if you're forced to go to
the male bathroom as a transgender girl
you have like a 150 percent chance of
being sexually assaulted versus like
going to the bad news everyone
what I mean I said how does it hurt you
yeah a greater risk yeah so like if this
is true and we know this is true no and
there's data that this is a true now why
would I not advocate for a changing of
categories to alleviate this now based
on a future concern of something that
might never even happen that just that
seems like a not good way - that seems
like a not reasonable route to go now oh
to me when we talk about things like
that is is the utility of the way it's
currently described so we're talking
other bathrooms
and and it's always been manned woman
right so I think he brings a good
question as should it be a man woman so
I think in bathroom I think you can make
a reasonable argument that no it doesn't
matter it shouldn't be transforming or
it should be you know unisex it doesn't
matter anybody can go in any bathroom I
think you can make a good case there and
I think there are other aspects of the
law other aspects of our society where
you can make a similar case where it
says okay we have a traditionally
defined it this way more utility to not
define it in the traditional sense a
logical sense so we're not going to do
with anymore I can agree with that I
think that that makes sense to do that
other instances that we've kind of
talked about I think that in places
where you can you can go by identity and
there are places where you can go by the
biological reality and I think trans
woman can be a woman it it go by
identity in in every scenario and and
that's when I have a problem
so I there are places where we can
they're places where we can talk about
which biology or identity in my world
your world it seems like we can it's all
gotta be identity well because 99% of
time we're talking about identity
identity like very rarely in society we
refer it to some underlying like
biological truth or we're just kind of
like describing well we're easily broad
categories like he or she hey I don't
know this is how it feels to me I just I
don't think there's like I don't think
that like that much value exists in
calling someone like a man or a woman
it's not like this is like giving you
like this rigid set of characteristics
like I'm certain like if I ask you like
can you describe to me somebody and
they're like oh that's a woman
like well [ __ ] I don't the [ __ ] that
means like you have to tell me way more
than that right you don't know what it
means
so you said when you be kept saying you
know what now to go back to what does it
mean and and when you get rid of the by
category completely in in aspects of you
know of our language then I think again
like you're opening up like a Pandora's
box of it gets very confusing nobody a
lot of questions here so that's why in
my world back to okay why is this social
system been constructed if it's if it's
highly related to the biology we stick
with the biology if it's highly if it's
not if there are other considerations
that are more towards the forefront then
we you know we get rid of that we say
okay now with trans women women same
thing in this particular arena I guess
like like oh no no I guess it used to me
it feels to me when we making these
arguments just feels like like a weight
like an exclusion everything to that
only hurts people right now like it just
feels like an exclusion everything to
hurt trans people right now like I just
I don't know I like it kind of feels
like the category of like white or black
like the category of white for instance
like people might argue that this is
like a this is a very real thing that I
definitely describe something is like
well I want to talk about so that this
brings up another point that I that I
wanted to talk about which was we have
we currently have you know
anti-discrimination laws you know you
have to to pay you know men and women
have to be paid equally and if you find
a discrepancy face legal find something
on long race lines so one to me if
you're gonna say that gender is an
identity you have to say race than
identity that I don't see any and two it
seems like this could definitely be used
to circumvent these these protections
that are in place especially in larger
businesses it's less likely to happen
but in smaller businesses I think that
you run into an issue there
hold on so what if I had followed this
whole argument so you're saying that are
you saying that like people are going to
identify as different genders to qualify
for like affirmative action programs or
why what I think we have seen I know
I've read individual stories well do I
think well never I won't get in that but
I pretty sure I have I have seen
individual stories where people will
identify as a minority race to get why
not not even affirmative action I wasn't
really thinking about affirmative action
oh yeah maybe like in a minority race
but I mean like that [ __ ] is like that's
yeah I mean put like the whole concept
of race I mean like have anything that
big in a way that's almost putting my
argument these categories are like very
messy and almost arbitrary sometimes in
terms of like how these categories are
fine so like for instance like today
well for all purposes an intense in
society I'd be considered white I don't
think anybody would disagree with that
but I'm also like half Cuban so I like
what is my race you know or black and I
don't think identify the woman I think
you absolutely can say you identify as
black and we saw this with Rachel
Dolezal a brief synopsis was all I think
she was like a leader in the
n-double-a-cp a or some black
organization she was high up there and
she actually was a white person
identified as black I don't know if she
was trolling or she sincerely felt that
way but she identified as black and it
came out it was this big deal and then
on top of that there was a an article
written I believe Hypatia
which said exactly what I'm saying was
that well we're going to accept
transgender arguments then we have to
accept that race is also an identity and
you can identify as a different race and
I think like something like call me on
the number but like something like 400
academics
I think wrote in and and like absolutely
livid they thought that this was
completely like over the top racist to
make that suggestion
well it's so like all that I mean that's
because like there is I don't as far as
I'm aware I don't think there is any
psychological literature on transracial
people this is not something that like
seems to be something that actually
exists or happens when you think it
doesn't exist or having it has happened
and we say there's there's no
psychological literature on it
well it doesn't exist yet if you went
back 200 years in the DSM I don't know
if exist back then if you go back to the
beginning of the DSM you I don't know if
you would see it on you do but I think
it'd be reasonable it's never like a we
cannot have we can go back thousands of
years and have accounts of people that
feel like they were women born into
men's bodies or men going into women's
bodies like we have becomes a warning
body no no not that we have we have like
accounts of trans people for a long time
we don't have accounts of like
transracial people or not that I'm aware
of these are where a white man felt that
he was born black or as an other kid
like I think that like transgender
people existed for about as like long as
we've been writing stories and that
seems to be a feature of a person's mind
if somebody could be born with this type
of thing but I don't I'm not aware of it
I could be wrong but I'm not aware of a
broad history of like people being born
into what they felt like was the wrong
race that like 10,000 years ago people
were writing murals on wall saying I to
Krug the caveman identify as an attack
helicopter I don't think this is
actually happened well so a couple
things there I don't think so the world
has got a lot more global 1000 years so
so you know these races you didn't see
him put a most part unless you were some
sort of traveler so yes you might be
right in saying that it didn't exist
back then but that doesn't mean it
doesn't exist it exists in relation to
our current society in which case we do
know it does exist I think you said
something similar about that before
whereas if we got rid of these
categories I think you said then there
are there are trans women
you said something along lines of got
rid of these categories and there are
Trent would then no longer identify as
trans remember exact your argument but
it like in a different society basically
where gender roles weren't as originally
defined maybe some trans people wouldn't
necessarily feel like I'm being generous
by doing that it's it's it's part based
on society and I think when you say that
we don't have a history of trans racial
identities well again it's partly based
on society it's also partly based I
agree probably better analogy well
everything is based on biology and
Society literally every trailer know my
face right I got be more specific
something to transwomen that there is a
biological there something like in there
born to make them feel that way i i
don't rely i think that there's
biological aspect to it but the question
is okay how do you go about categorizing
these people and um biology if you're
not going to do it on reproducibility or
you know male brain versus female brain
you're gonna do it on identity these
issues so you if clean even got to be
biology these male brain female brain or
something similar or identity i don't
see another option you should be putting
forth an identity option and it opens up
a ton of issues with III see these
issues but I think I just I feel like
the issues that you see come from like
like a lack of understanding of what a
trans person is like we can like we've
seen like on on fMRI such a like trans
people's brains actually look like the
brain of like the person that they
identify with I'm not aware that like
you know we cut into a person's body and
like oh my god this white person
actually had like black only got like a
like a like sickle cell anemia like a
black person's thing or whatever or like
I just I think that this is is like
identity I'm asking when my trans is it
are we
we were deferring to paint are we
referring to identity for trans people
were referring to identity for trans so
I don't feel like you can't apply that
same argument to race I'm saying that
you as a white person could identify as
a black person as a black woman I don't
see why your notion of the world we can
do this I won't see any fog and doing
this I I guess I just I guess when I
think of like when I try to think of
like trans people as like like a thing
that exists in humans there are like
some women that identify as man or some
man that advise women like that things
that we biologically assigned don't seem
to match up I just can't think of like I
had never heard of like racial dysphoria
that like a white person felt like so
strongly that they were black that they
started cutting themselves because of
how they saw themselves I mean I guess
there was a white people that like wear
baggy pants of that I don't know things
are like considered by category in black
to you but I don't I I I'm just not I
just don't think this is a real thing
and I just don't think that like if we
say like hey transplant will exist and
it's like part of the medical literature
we can observe it in million ways oh
well now all of a sudden we've got
somebody that's like a trans wallet that
wants their ass to be filled with credit
cards like I don't I don't think we get
from A to B here I think this is a
slippery slope that where you haven't
demonstrated how we go from one to the
other other than just saying like well
it's Pandora's Box they do exist so you
can exist in what number transracial I
don't know but did again there's been
documentaries there's that's a thing
weird well then to be clear when we say
there are documentaries we're saying
that they're like they're like
entertainment things that are made like
following like a really funny or
interesting story there's not like a
documentary of like the the plight of
like other kid people like that exists
like all over the world that are killing
themselves and like psychologists are
trying to treat that like it's more just
like you're a couple like funny stories
and like this is what we're following
right see see you're saying it's funny
and that's how most people thought of
trans and
it became a big issue so you're simply
just missing it I'm saying that's how
most people treated trans how most
people still treat friends they dismiss
it because they think it's funny it's a
super small percentage of the population
it's like 0.7% so yeah but the
difference is like trans transgender the
difference is like transgender people
have always existed and have always had
like severe problems related to being
trans I've never heard of like other
kids being like the historical thing not
like people in Egypt were killing
themselves because they weren't actually
captured something like well then I say
well let's do this let's assume that you
you now do your research and you find
that it does exist how does that change
how does that change your your viewpoint
I mean we then say somebody identifies
as a cat you know we we should do our
best to treat them as a cat if they want
a litter box in the bathroom at work
then we should put it in there for them
there's again there's no harm right I
mean if we actually did the research and
that's how I came out to be well then
yeah I guess sure it keeps people from
killing themselves or whatever and it
makes them more productive members of
society then yeah sure okay it's gotta
be just killing themselves
you go back to killing themselves and
you're i trans women or trans people I
shouldn't keep going on fault insurance
but trans people are killing themselves
they're like 40 percent it doesn't have
to be just killing yourself for it to be
a problem
okay experiencing like severe yeah
severe mental anguish that makes them
not contribute as well to society or
live like my I'm sure I so I'm saying
what let's say we agree let's let's say
we do the research and we agree not
together that it happens to be that
these people really do exist they really
are experiencing mental anguish it's not
just a weird thing you know you you've
got to give them the same considerations
you would give transcend and then yeah
we if we do the research in front of the
real thing then yes right now sure yeah
that doesn't mean I guess right so it
doesn't bother you but Bing I mean
you're fundamentally altering the
categorization of
person at that point we've already done
this throughout human history do this a
ton like this has already happened like
black people would consider people today
we did 250 years ago when we could leave
fundamentally altered how we considered
black people when southern people wanted
more voting rights right they were three
foots of person then I mean like what's
the problem with us we would change
these categories all the time I so it
goes down to okay what is a person
that's a really good question
I mean well yeah I don't wanna get into
abortion well I mean hey it's a it's a
that's a good question and these
categories are and when you actually
start tearing into this that's really
[ __ ] uncomfortable but the reality is
is that at the end of the day all of it
is kind of arbitrary what does a person
is it a psycho is it literally the the
moment like a a male sperm and a female
will come together and make something is
it somebody that has an experience whose
brain started well I don't know these
are really [ __ ] hard questions but to
sit here and pretend and like I hear
this a lot I don't think you're
necessarily you're nothing only when it
does is what is I well we get these
answers from science no we don't science
doesn't answer any of these questions
science doesn't tell us well then a
black person is a human the same with a
white person is a human because science
something tell us what a human is right
well okay so I got a I got a interrupt
here because the fundamental nature of
reality I think you have definitions and
you have reason and I guess because you
have definitions you could say you have
language although that's theirs for now
you have definitions and reason so you
talk about a circle you know it's its
point that's you know it's an infinite
number of points equal distance from a
Centerpoint well so like math doesn't
work here because math is something that
stems from from logic right if we talk
about a circle the definition of a
circle is going to necessarily extend
from axioms that we establish
mathematically so sure logically that's
true but now if we talk about link what
is a ball now I can I can give you a
rigid mathematical definition of sphere
okay we can tell you how to calculate a
circumference its area and all of that
but now let's say I give you a ball well
does a ball X
well I mean I don't know I don't know if
balls exist in our future of the world I
know that there is like a collection of
matter that we can describe you know
like you know maybe maybe there are
certain atom atoms exist well I don't
know you know I mean you've got protons
and neutrons and electrons you know
those exist well do those exist well I
don't know we've got quirks right like
this is like I know you're going down do
they exist you get into what is
consciousness and and and all that I
what what I was kind of getting at is is
feeling and I got this one and you were
debating Sargon is that you have whether
intentional or not you have this sort of
like post modernist those modernist ok
but it seems to me that you have almost
this like post modernist states where
you just want to deconstruct yeah
everything and and what I'm saying is
when you deconstruct everything Oh point
where you can stop or there's there's no
point you can keep going forever and
deconstruct everything to the point
where yep questioning okay and what I'm
saying is the same thing applies when
we're talking about this trans woman a
trans man and that's why I got into
other kids okay it's kept going and then
once you say okay we agree other kins
are you can identify a person can
identify as an animal and that erodes
the category of person you can keep
going and and I think there's no point
where you can stop so there are
postmodernist who do questions
fundamental axioms of mathematics and
they say that okay all these relations
that exist in society are then a result
of power but we question when you get
down to any questions for questioning
reason it bothers me because I see it as
a question of reason to reconstruct the
world with you've got nothing to
convince me right so I'm here okay yeah
so like we yeah we can we can we could
run to this halt if you really want to
but I believe in reason I believe in
like like we want to get it's like
things related to like epistemology like
I believe in like deductive logic okay I
believe in in parts of empiricism and
rationalism I believe that there are
things that we are granted to us priori
that there are things that we know
without without any relation to the
world so far as we know that something
can't be and not we know that something
that is a thing isn't thing right loss
of identity loss of macro view chicken I
believe in in forms of empiricism that
we know the world through our senses I
believe that our sense data should be
accurate it should convey some measure
of truth about the world or some
undulant hopefully right these are
things that I believe so when you talk
about reason that in terms of like
deconstructing everything I think that
deconstructing things so it initially if
you've never done it before
deconstruction is scary because you
don't want to consider that something
that you believe in can be deconstructed
but there's a power in that like if you
deconstruct something and you're aware
that it can be deconstructed then it
gives you the power to recognize well
okay if this thing can be deconstructed
maybe it can be different and ultimately
I think that it's empowering at the end
of the day to know that a category isn't
something handed down to us by the
institutions of science or by some fox
news anchor or whatever like these
categories exist because they make our
lives better and ultimately then today
all we want is to live the happiest
lives we can so if we understand that
these categories can be deconstructed
and built into something different if it
makes us happier then by all means you
should do it I think there's a power
there in a postmodern analysis of some
highly modernized way of viewing the
world I think there's a lot of power to
be neither that there's that there is
some power there but as post modernists
have done you can take it that thing
some people have taken it too far and
I'm saying I see the same thing
happening here so so we we start with
with with gender and then it goes to
okay there are other kids going to be a
lot of research in this but they but
they exist and then once you question
your question gender naive question and
and then it kind of opens up Pandora's
box so yeah well I love that though I
don't I don't know I don't even know
what you said
you might know about your gender but
yeah we should yeah we should question
all of these things constantly I think
yeah of course I agree we should
question it I I'm open to questioning it
I am I think there's there's power there
when when you you keep breaking these
things down so it's not like you're just
breaking down gender when we talk about
this this transgender argument you're
breaking down the why did we originally
go into men and FEMEN a man a woman
based on their ability to reproduce and
then you can make that same argument why
do why do we break down species into two
different categories which again goes
down to auto if it's just the ability to
reproduce but it's a large part of it is
based on the ability to reproduce I
think that that's like maybe that's just
like our fundamental disagreement and in
fact maybe we should have just either
resolved that are kind of ended on that
I guess I don't agree that I just don't
agree that when we refer to people as
men and women we're talking about their
ability to reproduce I don't think we
know that even most the time I see a
woman in Iowa we don't yeah I think it's
underlying it well but like if you just
said that then most of the time we don't
then that's my argument most of the time
we don't so we could refer to trans men
as men and trans men that's fine and for
the times when we do need those specific
my definitions those are going to be
very where that's gonna be like in a
doctor's office or like it of
reproductive fertility clinic like it's
gonna go into such of these niche
situations or like situations deserve
for a moment I want to pause there
because those these situations are
happening where you don't listen to kind
of right-wing website so this is
probably off your radar but there are
doctors who they're they're students who
are getting deducted points for saying
on you know I would I would put you know
a trans woman comes into my office I
would put man on the chart and they're
doctors who a student using quotes
because of this and there are people I
think a couple of happen in the UK where
they've lost their job so so
you're saying that yeah in certain
situations like a doctor's office deep
we should go back to the biology and
it's not happening I I would be like III
would have to see I'd be super curious
to see stores or doctors lose their jobs
from writing like biological sex on a
document right it's Burford for refusing
to actually happen where I think there
was like a medical problem some like
went into the emergency room at I I
don't have all these stories on hand or
just things I've yeah for sure
well like I mean I would be super
curious it's like if like a trans woman
was trying to get an appointment I'm
like an OBGYN and the OB chia one was
like I'm sorry like I can't I don't do
penises and then they got fired for that
like I would be super curious if that
actually was happening I don't don't
know well not not I don't do do penises
but I think like when they're coming in
and somebody comes into the emergency
room and you're and you're writing down
like on a form is this a man or a woman
where it's as sex and it's a trans woman
and you put man this has been coming up
again I think it's pretty strange like
it doesn't happen to be fun
more and more and just because it's not
happening to turn now it doesn't mean it
won't happen a lot in the future here's
like okay so here's I'm curious if we
can if we can agree on this if we just
like if we just recognize that there's a
difference between like gender and sex
and if we say that like man or woman can
be gender and like male or female can
prefer to like genitalia like would you
be okay with that distinction and then
trans men or trans women just get the
pronouns that are related to trans men
are trans women would you be okay with
like that distinction do you think
that's like too far that's the Pandora's
Box Oh
so I think when we're talking me and you
uh-huh we can read that we can use
different words to refer to biological
sex versus gender expression and that's
where I might and I kind of went that
well I said okay well I want to use
different words because I wanted to
resolve detention
in Argos but so maybe you know we could
disagree on what those words should be
but we probably could agree that there's
we could use different words and that
would solve a lot of issues not all of
them but the question also existed
outside of us you may agree on what
those words would be but there's an
entire world of seven billion people who
will disagree with us you know I always
I go back to you know as a conservative
you know what what should the rules be
yet that's where I go back to when
trying to discuss these disciplines is
what should the rules be to me trans
calling a trans woman a trans woman
instead of a woman resolves these issues
as well as they can be resolved but it
doesn't resolve the issues of trans
people being like super at risk for like
mental illness or things like depression
or anxiety or suicide I don't I don't
know that it doesn't because that's
saying okay you're a trans woman versus
your woman I don't know if that's going
to cause them to commit suicide I have a
hard time and I've already said that
there are a lot of places where we can
default to something other than biology
I've granted that point I just don't
want to grant the point categorization
that there is a categorization of
biology we don't use it you can disagree
well we can agree or disagree what
social system uses that categorization
needs to exist and I am saying man and
woman does represent that category and
that trans woman and trans man would
represent the category of identity I
think we can ignore a lot of things and
disagree on the nitpicky stuff maybe
gosh okay I mean I I think I disagree
but I mean I understand your point I I
saw I guess like just from you
final argument I think I just if I call
all trans women women I just I don't
think that that represents any
measurable harm to any part society or
at least no more harm than then not
referring to them as that and having
these other weird things where trans men
are going into like female bathrooms or
trans women are going into male saunas
or whatever like I think that referring
to people as they want to be referred to
transformed as women transmitted as men
like takes care of about as much as you
possibly can understanding like the way
that we set up like men and women to
refer to people and that to get rid of
to truly alleviate these problems we
would have to go the full on gender
evolution that's my final point and then
you can have that I don't worry yeah so
when we do this when when we say that
you have this man or woman and they've
traditionally been by cognitive been
mutually exclusive and then to to
redefine the word so as to include the
Antonine it it it leads to problems it
leads to problems with logic and reason
so I proposed this tension so that we
use different words for the different
things and I think it makes most sense
to stick with biological category and
using new words to describe I gender as
an identity which is come around I think
will say I'm like 1949 in America at
least a logical distinction and and it
opens up Pandora's box and then there's
another one which is that I didn't
discuss at this point already but I'll
bring it up which is morality so whether
or not someone's moral somebody can hold
an immoral position and be a moral
person so to they believe nominate yes
but Christians believe that homosexuals
are going to hell that doesn't make them
an immoral person to me so then the
question becomes okay come to different
logical conclusions than you and I so
we've agreed on a lot of things today
but there are people who won't agree
with us and when you talk about
transphobia
when you're talking about saying
somebody is a lesser more being is a
whole other set of problems because come
to their conclusion logically and
reasonably and we're gonna call them in
lesser moral persons for holding that
position that's another set of problems
we've opened up no I don't think there's
a problem at all but I think we're
kidding okay so I think we're getting
we're using these works and watch it and
reason and I think we're putting like
like logic and reason has nothing to do
with morality epistemology how we
arrived the truth these things are this
is like in my opinion we can get into
various terms I believe IDs are totally
there's a divorced from morality so for
instance like we can both believe in
logic and reason okay and we can have
two different starting axioms okay
my so so now looking so let's say we
both have the same theories of truth but
said we both believe in logic and reason
the deductive reasoning again we we all
this is the same for us okay but now now
let's move to mathematics and I'm going
to say well I believe fundamentally that
we ought to maximize the amount of
suffering in the world and then you
believe fundamentally that we ought to
minimize the suffering of sentient
beings okay now both of us can construct
moral systems that are fully reasonable
they follow all the rules of logic but
because we have starting axioms that
differ from one another I could fully
have a totally different stance you
might say that like we should lock
everybody up and torture them constantly
blah blah blah and I would say like well
we shouldn't do that we should help
people and and it's very strange for you
to defend your position that will hold
on my position is logical well sure of
course it is but just because a
physician is illogical doesn't mean that
it should be like morally celebrated and
then it's a virtuous and then it's good
I want to I wanted to make a point on
this particular issue so so about all
starting axioms on ralliers no I don't
believe that morality and logic are
fundamentally separate I think they
drive from one another so he's down how
I get my sense of
so my sense morality comes from innate
drives and capacity so a drive will be
something like self-preservation
procreation and autonomy something like
that so something that that is innate to
us that we just do here it's hard to
explain why we did we just do it and
then a capacity would include something
like the ability to reason logic we have
the capacity to empathize to love things
like that so to me when we talk about
how what do you mean 15-month see look
at these drives the capacities and we
say those capacities which include logic
to come up with a moral system I think
so then okay so well I could get better
no no no no that this is what so so
philosophically we're going down like a
like a biological essentialism route
which is not a good position to go down
I know well just because we have a
biological drive for something good we
can make that we can make that
observation that doesn't make that like
I'm like a morally virtuous thing so for
instance like I'm horny a lot but I
might have like a drive to rape somebody
but that doesn't make it a virtually a
virtuous action to do it that way we
would never go we would never say that
well I disagree and I had a feeling that
this was gonna go down this route at
some point so to me when you disagree
with which part so when you're saying if
we have a drive to raise any under my
logic we could say it's immoral to rape
and I disagree with that because to me
those there are certain drives is that
firstly this comes down to like the is
off distinction how do you go from is so
we have and you know we have a drive to
procreate I don't think we necessarily
have drive to rape you drive to
procreate we have a drive to
self-preservation but that doesn't mean
we ought to do those things but to me
that thing is is it's both these in the
are in a similar way that like like the
word pronounceable is now pronounceable
I for self-preservation is we we ought
to pursue a it's hard when you get down
that that deep into philosophy but to me
that it's it it's like some like so
self-fulfilling it is like a call to
action yeah so like I mean I don't want
to so we don't need to go down this far
I just kind of wanted to illustrate that
your earlier statement of like like it's
bad to morally condemn somebody who's
being logical that statement is vacuous
like you can totally pay you know i
largely consistent and something more
like condemnable door sure and i fully
agree with that but there are there are
people who can hold a in a moral but we
would you might say somebody hold in a
moral position but we would not define
their character as as bigoted or or
immoral so so my the point I was trying
to make was earlier you said okay
doctors offices we should we should
always stick to the biological because
it's relevant so somebody else could
come up with a different sense of
different conclusion and say no you know
we want these people to feel as included
as possible so that requires us to to
call them a man if they want to a man
and a woman if they want to be a woman
and can go Ahead's and says you don't
agree with me you come up with a
different therefore you're a bad person
that's where I have an issue well so the
bad person would be the the district
over why do you disagree with the other
person so like for instance if somebody
disagrees with your categorization of
people at a hospital and you say well
why do you want to categorize one group
of people one way or another if the
doctor says because this allows me to
deliver the most amount of you know good
in terms of like healthy outcomes to
people and then the other person says
like well I just want to do it because
I'm an sjw well then I would say looking
sqw person they could be logically
consistent but they're still like that
would be a worst person I mean we would
call people bad or good we're saying
relative to our own moral systems anyway
right but no I think there's objective
bad and objective good but uh well hat
went from where okay well we can go down
that route well this is pretty important
because if you believe in an objective
better good and that kind of right I
want to make a different point and we
can go down there I just I the point is
if SJ w out so society is holger down
like well we might agree - JW route
evidence by like the doctor's office
scenario we've just discussed
breezy buddy who's come to a logical
conclusion a reasonable conclusion and
society just keeps calling them moral
you're a bad person you're a bad person
you're a bad person you're trans folk
you are a lesser moral being this is
another set of problems that comes up
because there are good people will come
to a reasonable logical conclusion whose
morality is the same for the most part
like 99.9 percent is the same accepted
in this one particular instance I want
to call them bad people so create
another problem where any full society
the Christian holy large swath of people
who have reasonable positions for moral
positions we just come to different
conclusions you're calling trans folks
which is to say you're calling a lesser
moral being that's another problem that
arises I mean I just I don't think it's
a problem if you condemn somebody's
moral positions don't they write a lot
of the Greek saying I mean like we could
logically derive like Nazism if we
wanted we could go into we could we can
derive a whole bunch of like positions
that we were probably very moral it just
depends on what our starting axioms are
or what our meta ethical statements are
Thanks oh you know if somebody says okay
the book of Islam is is a deeply immoral
and and therefore anybody who who agrees
with the book of Islam is also deeply
immoral you're catalyzing large swaths
of people you don't know who have come
to their reasoning you don't know why
they've come to their reasoning your
category needs large swaths of people
that you've never met
as in mole and to do that is immoral
um you know Muslims are immoral that is
in itself immoral so when you're saying
a different conclusion than me on this
particular sort of gender is a Transpo
and is therefore a moral that is immoral
and about this argument yeah that's part
of it and we have to come up with a a
system where people who have come to
different conclusions on these things
are both and we can agree to disagree
and not have the other person anymore so
maybe you don't whole decision that
everybody who disagrees with you is a
transcript on this issue that's the
route I see society going down and
conversation support it's part of the
reason why I wanted the best system we
can know systems going to be perfect and
it's why I've come to my conclusion that
we need to have trans man and man trans
woman and woman so that's that's part of
my analysis and if you want to go to
whether or not objective morality exists
and happy to do that but but that's why
I wanted to bring it up okay I mean like
[ __ ] I understand your points here maybe
we can have like a secondary discussion
I guess some reality but like [ __ ] I'm
just I'm I'm sorry
may I understand your points here maybe
we got like a secondary dismiss from
reality
[ __ ] I'm just some [ __ ] I'm kind of
tired it's yeah sure yeah we could yeah
I guess maybe we can have another
discussion from really some time but
yeah yeah I agree it's been nice fun
thanks for having me on I yeah okay cool
all right thanks thanks a lot I
appreciate the conversation the cost of
a four-year degree would most likely
fall as a result because then you'd be
catching all the people that are trying
to get some sort of education
