I hate my [ __ ] country because of
people like you okay I actually [ __ ]
hate you okay I really do from the
bottom of my [ __ ] heart I think that
people like you are destroyed like when
I have to argue with commies and
socialists that tell me [ __ ] like
liberals get the bullet first [ __ ]
liberalism is dead it's because of
people like you that I can't really
disagree with them hey what's that buddy
yeah no problem
all right you commented on my Instagram
because you were upset because I think
all Republicans are stupid and you say
I'm just talking to the wrong
Republicans I think you just you do this
thing where it's like you criticize
people for like their viewpoints and
stuff which is valid criticism for the
most part but then you apply it's like
this whole group of people so like I I
just don't like it when you say like all
types of people are a major why are you
dog label an entire group or like you
know like so I don't think there's
anything necessarily wrong with an
entire you know I don't think there's
anything wrong with labeling a group if
that's that group stated ideology so for
instance I think I can I think it's fair
for me to criticize Republicans on
health care and generalize that to the
party when their entire platform is
typically like anti ACA and whatnot I
think it's fair for me to love you that
criticism at Republicans or say when it
comes to climate change or stuff like
that I think that's fair to do so yeah
but even within the Republican Party
there's so many different like not
everyone agrees on the same thing like
yeah they may have like a general
consensus of like what they would like
to see happen within health care but
when you get down to like the specific
details of the issue there's still a
wide range of like you know a variety of
different ideas and stuff of how that
they want to implement you know what
they want to implement and all that so
know where it is
no we're equivocating really hard here
the Republicans presented a unified
front against the ACA and that's why
they defunded it there wasn't a lot of
debate that's only what the ACA is just
one it's like the one it's one part of
the entire health care debate
that's happening it's not just like I
mean it's not there's more
to it than just that okay what more
Republicans proposed to it what was
their replacement for the ACA
well that's the thing there was a bunch
of different suggestions like yeah but
wait legislation I don't care about what
whoever random person or Facebook I want
to know what did Republicans replace the
ACA way yeah like almost pretty much
every Republican in Congress was like
wanting to do a different thing and I'm
pretty sure like the the conservative
group that they have in there they were
proposing a certain thing and the you
know there's a bunch of different people
wanting to do a bunch of different stuff
and that's part of the reason why I was
so hard to get rid of it is cuz you know
Democrats had a good point and they were
like what are you gonna do after it's
gone and a lot of a lot of people are
just kind of like well we're not sure
yet we're gonna figure it out okay so
let's say that you're a person who has
diabetes and now you're losing your
health insurance because the ACA is
being defunded do you think that that
person cares that there's a lot of
different ideas in the Republican Party
about what to do with healthcare if none
of it got to the legislative stage I
mean in that specific example I don't
know what else matters besides that
though I mean everything else I don't
know I mean if it's not policy at the
end of the day what let's say that an
entire party agreed on one thing but
they couldn't pass any legislation for
it wasn't ratified got an entire party
with across the United States that's
gonna agree on one thing one specific
thing
okay well careful we were equivocating
again because the Democrats agreed
enough to pass the ACA so even though
they didn't agree on the specifics of
everything that we're still able to get
something passed so right you see what
I'm saying is they're still Democrats
out there who didn't fully agree with it
so if I were to come out and say
something like divisive like oh you know
all [ __ ] Democrats are [ __ ]
because they passed the ACA that would
be sort of not true necessarily because
yeah as a group they did this thing but
there's still people within that group
we didn't necessarily fully support it
or there might be specifics within that
issue that they may have had a problem
with so when you say stuff like you know
all Republicans talk this way that's
just simply not true there's people out
there who are more intelligent about
certain things that you could talk to I
mean you reference like Sargon it's fine
like you could talk to him but he's on
it exactly like you know a spokesperson
for every single Republican out there
conservative okay
so when I look at Republican
spokespeople I see Rush Limbaugh I see
Sean hey
I see you know everybody else at FoxNews
you know people like Bill O'Reilly I
guess people like everybody else at Fox
News is conservative I don't know man
Fox News is like the largest
conservative cable news station yeah
Rush Limbaugh's lead largest talk show
radio is in there I wouldn't necessarily
say they're conservative okay we're
equivocating again so I guess maybe
Republican I mean like who do I look to
for do you say like the problem is that
like I can't pin down like any belief
we're gonna equivocate everything out of
existence when I say equivocate what I
mean is we kind of like mince words so
much that like nothing really means
anything or matters anything at all like
well you can't really say Republicans
believe this thing because I can find a
couple people a central messaging from
the top down that is consistent from
Trump to FoxNews to all of talk radio I
can't criticize Republicans on these
points in general it's not just one
thing it's not just like a it's not like
okay we're all gonna you know like agree
on this one thing that's the beauty of
is everyone has their own different
that's not no that's not the beauty of
it okay Republicans came together and
they agreed on one thing which was
defunding the ACA and they didn't
propose a solution for for health care
so what am I supposed to think about
that party of people okay not every
Republican did though right wait so if
we were to go to the Senate voting
record on getting rid of the individual
mandate you don't think that the
majority of Republicans in the Senate
voted to already yes yeah but not like
I'm sorry no I'm pretty sure every
single Republican in this I'm sorry the
majority of the Senate every single
Republican senator voted to repeal the
mandate I didn't know that was true yeah
I mean if that's true then yeah I guess
you what you said was correct I was
pretty sure that there was a few that
didn't because of that exact reason
because there was no thing I'm pretty
sure like every single one except for
like McCain like well I mean if you want
to look it up you can't I don't know but
I'm just telling you I thought that
there was more that we're not or that
we're voting not to get rid of are not
voting to get rid of it because there
was nothing proposed afterwards I
thought in my head I thought that there
were more but if you're saying there's
only one then I'm pretty sure it was
Jess McCain I don't understand this
point that like I can't criticize a
platform of a party when they in general
it's just that it's divisive and it
doesn't help anything all you're doing
is just like drawing these lines and
being like us versus them and it's just
not helpful to anything and all you're
you're not really like yeah
like what's the point of it I don't get
it like you're just kind of you know
stirring the pot I guess like I mean
that's fine I'm not saying you can't do
it it just annoys me that's why I
comments it the way I did because I was
like annoyed by it I think the
frustrating thing is that there are a
lot of people right now in the United
States that are individually impacted by
policy decisions that Republicans are
making right that are incredibly
detrimental to their lives so for
instance there will be millions of
people that will lose their health
insurance because the ACA is being
defunded and to those people it's very
frustrating that if they try to if they
try to attack the Republican Party on
their stance on health care that people
like you can hand waive those complaints
well hold on they don't all agree on
this one thing the important thing isn't
that they that they didn't that they
don't agree on a specific implementation
of health care they don't agree on a
specific solution to health care it's
that they all came together and they
agreed to get rid of what currently
existed and the fact that the party has
no consensus on what to do with health
care now is almost as bad as them having
a consensus to destroy it because both
of them are effectively going to be the
same thing sure I see what you're saying
and I'm not trying to use this as a way
to like to like ride the fence on every
single issue I'm not saying that
whenever something controversial is said
about a subject that you can just say oh
well not all no I'm not trying to use it
that way I'm trying to say that if
you're going to criticize something
criticize the actual like the policy or
whatever it is you're talking about
don't criticize like the the the whole
other half of the country that may
disagree with you because these these
aren't just like one-sided things these
aren't just like oh clearly this is the
answer and clearly this is right and
clearly this is wrong it's very there's
nuance and detail that go into every
single thing you're talking about even
this health care thing although the
examples you're giving are really sad
and like you know I feel bad for those
people that are that's happening to
there's more to it than just that it's
not just those people only in the
country and I agree that I should we
should have sympathy for those kind of
cases and stuff but what I'm trying to
say is when you use these blanket
statements of like all Republicans like
it's just it's not helpful I feel like
all you're doing is just dividing people
and making them seem like it's us.first
them and then it becomes more tribal and
then people just get into these
entrenched ideas where it's like oh well
this is a Republican idea so I believe
with that and this is a Democrat so I
believe that and
they don't they don't actually think
about the issues all they do is just say
oh it's a D or R and that's all I'm
gonna decide on the issues on okay so
the prior stand what you're saying but
the problem is that like I maybe if I
was like a persuasive person and my goal
was to persuade more people over my side
I would care but that's not really what
I'm concerned with I'm concerned of just
looking at the facts of the issue and
the fact of the matter is that the
Republicans right now are just flatly
wrong on a lot of the issues there
aren't two sides to things like climate
change the side that says it's a hoax
perpetuated by China to make our
manufacturing non-competitive that's not
a real sight to the debate and the idea
that I would humor that side is
something that needs to be debated is
woefully uninformed there is not two
sides or something like that's dangerous
right because no matter how stupid
something like someone saying Oh China
made up climate change even though
that's I agree it's more than likely not
correct you still have to engage those
people and explain to them why what
they're saying is so stupid
how do I engage people that don't even
care to engage with factual arguments
though when X then yes you have to it
you have to at some point say okay you
know like I have to walk away this but
just just to say like I mean there's a
lot of people I tried to engage these
people in fact and we've tried how many
people right now are you might even be
one of them believes safer ends is that
Hillary sold one fifth of our uranium
reserves if you already believe that
there is no engaging in fact with this
person it's easier to call them stupid
and move on to people that can actually
be persuaded by your easier for you yeah
easier for me easier for everybody why
would I waste time debating somebody
gives 95% of their news from Alex Jones
and The Daily wire I'm not necessary
necessarily saying you have to engage in
like a full-on debate with them but I
just think it's dangerous to dismiss
someone's ideas just because you think
they're stupid I mean you think it's
dangerous to dismiss ratings I think
it's dangerous easy people are allowed
to vote have children I mean like I
don't understand what you mean by it's
dangerous to dismiss that's the thing in
some world but yeah that's what I mean
that's the dangerous world I'm talking
about if you if it came down to you know
like I think it's dangerous for this
person to have kids and stuff because
they're not smart like they're not as
smart or whatever you you know what I'm
saying like you could make it into a
very like dangerous situation real quick
if you just start dismissing people as
but this is always the problem this is
the prime
defense sitting centrist is you always
said like it could be dangerous it could
be dangerous
so right now no no no that's not the
real danger the real danger isn't that
you hurt too many conservatives feelings
by calling them stupid the real danger
is that right now it's possible that
we've already done we're already on an
irreversible path to extinction due to
climate change
right now we are already on a path where
millions of people will lose them okay
so you're one of the people that don't
believe in it I mean maybe you're young
enough that maybe you'll get to suffer
through your lifetime in it I mean you
are it's funny I mean you are basically
saying we already are it's okay but like
what I'm saying is it's I don't care to
argue because you would be one of the
people that I was just call stupid right
off I understand but I'm saying that the
problem is I don't know about you you
take someone's someone that something
says that might be a nuanced view like I
just there is not a who wants to view on
this though that's the problem so wait
do you think there's a nuanced view on
whether or not climate change is
happening and is being caused by humans
no I agree that it is in that it has it
is happening by humans then what's the
nuanced view because like I just said
haven't they been saying that for years
that climate change is irreversible and
there's no way that we can get around it
and it's gonna it's gonna eventually
just swallow up the whole world
no I think they said that if we stay on
the current path it will be no I've from
everything that I've heard and that I've
read I've seen things that politicians
have said from interviews way back when
and other scientists and stuff like that
that say in a couple years
Puerto Rico is gonna be underwater and I
mean like there have been some absurd
hyperbolic print 50 sure and sometimes
the medical sometimes the medical
Surgeon General or whatever like
recommend certain vaccines and they
don't work out as well so do we just
abandon like every single flu shot what
I'm saying is that's that's no I'm not
saying we should and that's why that's
where some of the nuance comes is like
yeah well what is maybe once maybe they
said something that wasn't necessarily
fully true but that doesn't mean that
everything they said was wrong yeah
climate change may does still exist but
that doesn't mean you know maybe they
weren't a little bit harsh when they
were making these estimates of okay but
the problem is half the Republican Party
doesn't even believe it exists right now
that's a huge problem how do you wanna
communicate with a parent like how do
you convince somebody that we need to
convince it
not by saying oh you said one thing that
money that might have a somewhat
questioning view of this therefore I'm
just gonna totally dismiss you as
[ __ ] and not have a conversation
with you why would I waste my time
talking to somebody that thinks that
climate change is like a total hoax how
my present just thought that I was one
of those people and I just told you that
I'm not one of those people because of
the conversation we're having I hope you
understand now that I am NOT one of
those people because I outwardly
admitted that's you okay sure yeah but
most Republicans won't I know that's
most won't but some will and those are
the people you should try to talk to you
I think I don't think it helps you to
try to just bang your head against the
wall and say oh well obviously you know
this person is like for whatever is
religion for whatever reason religion or
whatever there there's no way you're
gonna convince them of certain things so
that's fine like I understand that
there's some people out there or like
that okay but you're gonna identify with
Authority right and they say what why
the [ __ ] should I even bother trying to
have a conversation with this guy he's
gonna dismiss me if I even try to you
know say one thing that might contradict
what he thinks I mean if you say
something really [ __ ] [ __ ] you
can't defend it then yeah of course I'm
gonna call that person an idiot right as
you should but you shouldn't just
completely you know dismiss everything
they have to say maybe they have
something that's I mean like if you
willingly put yourself in a group with
other Republicans and then you vote for
people like Trump or other Republicans
so I know that you're supporting in a
policy position things related to
tariffs and our economy things related
to immigration policy things related to
health care things related to science
and environmental regulations I mean
like what am I supposed to think this
person like I think you should think of
them as a person and say that yeah even
though they may have voted for this
person like you know just because you
vote for Trump doesn't necessarily mean
it doesn't necessarily mean you agree
with every single thing he does maybe
you just you that person probably just
thinks hey like you know it's better
than the alternative or I agree with
enough of what this person is saying
that I think it's worth voting for them
what is it well why does the enough of
what the person says that they're worth
voting for for a Republican why do you
like a trump supporter I mean yeah I
voted for I didn't vote for him in the
primary but I voted for so woody woody
what did you vote for Trump for in in
the yeah what did you think he was worth
voting for for what reasons
I mean I just thought he was better than
the alternative I saw that in what ways
with respect to way well I mean honestly
mm-hmm if you're asking me personally
I'm I feel like I myself am more of a
