what's up guys welcome to episode 16 of
the dark tribunal podcast how you guys
doing today I would like to chat how are
you doing today triad damn yeah yeah
happen to the DT I don't know TC podcast
now we're really deep DT CT actually
those DTC they set us up with your good
job what do you mean destiny twitch chat
trihex both it's funny because I could
have said destiny trihex twitch chat so
doesn't even matter like what a well
know that we've been DT TC or whatever
but yeah that's your opening drug for
today that's all we're gonna lead off
with yeah acronym jokes but I'm just you
know really good alright how have you
been doing this week what's up what have
you done besides watch us which I know
you did yeah I did see us well maybe I
had to me I've been I've been I've been
for lack of a better phrase here I have
been foaming at the [ __ ] waiting for
Jordan Jordan peels next film to come
out like I've been since get I've been
like I've been hungry I've been waiting
thirsty I've been excited and so yeah I
saw us as soon as I could actually so
okay I'm I'm equipped to to bait this
one down really really hard okay or
debate this with you you know cuz you
know they've been wedding - it's been
six episodes now we have not actually
having a legit disagreement or anything
yet so I'm ready I'm ready
okay I'm hoping you have an opposing
opinion actually we'll see do you do
anything fun this weaker side side um oh
actually I did I I went to dude I
[ __ ] with the twitch headquarters in
San Francisco actually okay I'm that I'm
now at which ambassador Wow good news
here I've always been right I just
haven't been recognized as it yeah well
catch you you actually BAM last week you
didn't even know what games I played in
what I did this week you know about the
try explore now well aren't you like the
leader of racism on Twitch because
they've try harder whatever isn't that
your ambassador position that's what I
read on Kodak or whatever what do you do
I switch headquarters what you're such a
piece of [ __ ] do you got what do you got
listen my throat is sore I'm a very
grumpy today so you're dealing with a
grumpy City right now let's better watch
yourself what you're contagious I do you
have like a [ __ ] e-e-e bola or some
[ __ ] because I have sore throat too
actually
I [ __ ] got it from the twitch
headquarters thing I I wasn't packing an
emergency left and right and I came back
I thought I was good and I woke up the
morning after I got back sore throat
all right well it'll be the two grandpa
debate then I guess yeah I've been on
[ __ ] usin X since like I got back
it's been [ __ ] terrible my sleep has
been absolutely horseshit and like I
wake up and I feel like I've had two
cockroaches [ __ ] in the back of my
throat for the last like two and a half
days sucks okay um have you done would
you do a twitch oh yeah so I'm uh I'm at
which ambassador now and you are correct
I've already because of some some minor
context there because I went to choice
headquarters in April 2016 to help give
and critique and give feedback on the
bits um idea back when it was stolen
idea you know bits is now a lot better
now you know and in the beginning
everyone was like you know what is bit
suspicious like twitches way of trying
to like get into the streamer donation
market share by having them get a cup
donations rather than you know X service
or Y thing and through the feedback that
me and my other streamer friends we all
collaborated on at the workshop at the
headquarters we were able to like give
twitch essentially like 50 ideas that
were worth expanding the constant of
bits on you can do more than just be a
donation substitute it can be way more
than that and why don't they outcome in
any of them I'm just messing with you
well you're not okay not to be fair
you're not wrong because you're right I
told them like listen if I can tell you
one little thing here yeah I told them
on day one yo you need to give power to
the poverty you need to let every
feature on twitch now is pay wall behind
money amen like you know I mean yeah
what about these kids were 13 years old
who can't thirteen year old kids should
have some of the most disposable income
in the USA you got to ask your [ __ ]
mom and dad for money to donate here god
damn streamers listen man we do a public
service we're keeping your kids off the
street we're keeping your kids from
eating drugs or keeping the kids from
eating [ __ ] we're keeping your kids
from doing all sorts of horrible [ __ ]
trick all right
you owe us some goddamn money you don't
send your kid after school baseball
because he's busy
home watching [ __ ] streams whatever
money you would spend on cleats on
surgery because a dumbass [ __ ] how I'm
gonna break their shins or some [ __ ]
planet system is a good investment man I
think y'all bunch of [ __ ] you know
hypocrites and some [ __ ] lazy
[ __ ] huh hey this tree made a
real job job doing playing video games
for a living I saw this [ __ ] on Fox News
about y'all y'all make a living playing
video games playing fork knife what the
[ __ ] listen man I'm not trying to say
anything but I'm getting hardcore Jesse
Lee Peterson PTSD flashbacks okay watch
out was more of a person Asian of a fox
the average any given like fox news
anchor but um sure if it's if it's JLP I
think he can make it on fox news he
seems to fit that kind of crowd and I
don't know that's that's a whole nother
dude I I don't know man I finally
watched the JLP versus a Hasan debate
and I was just like this man is like
always you know so the I do the go to
comparison is that um uncle ruckus from
the boondocks that is Jessica Peterson
but like he is actually a thing a step
further than uncle ruckus yeah Jesse Lee
Peterson was like if you were to write
him people to be like it's too much like
you went too far it's not funny anymore
it's not satire anymore like it's like
he's like he is okay
there is Jessica Lee Peter I'm sorry
there is um uncle ruckus and then
there's literally or as Clayton Bigsby
mmm-hmm I don't know who that is but
Clayton Bigsby is the the black white
supremacist skit from Chappelle oh [ __ ]
yeah okay nevermind yeah I know I didn't
make up that's like a triple hood flex
or whatever but like uh yeah like he is
verbatim Clayton Bigsby that I forgot
there was something he said during his
songs debate where I was like this dude
really
he literally downed himself he said yeah
I'm a bad father because I'm black and
it's like or something like that he
literally whatever whenever his saw and
had him pinned to like you know you're
being hypocritical right now because of
X point he literally said you're right
maybe we're gonna look that's because
I'm a black guy that and I have a small
low IQ or whatever because I'm black I'm
just like damn dude really really just
to yo you will literally lose the
argument and and and and down yourself
and your own self-worth openly just to
reinforce your
value that the great white hope is what
you think it's gonna be yeah holy [ __ ]
do that blew my mind
you know amazing aside here
do you remember I'm the I'm just this is
like very tan generally related did you
ever watch the boondocks
oh of course yeah you remember the the
country singer episode hmm I run into
the most this is a season if you ever
said basically uncle records there was a
country music singer that he looked up
to a lot and he I think he like made
recordings any sentient tapes in order
to like recorded them obviously was all
like very like anti-black like very
racist [ __ ] ah [ __ ] it is a really funny
episode that if you haven't seen season
3 you should it's the last one before I
macGruber leaves season 4 is literally
that's what I heard too because I heard
heard season 4 was our season 4 yes well
there was a season 4 like there was a
second in third Matrix movie ok whoo
yeah we don't talk about that yeah
basically like you there's like a lot of
kind of like racist elements to like
seasons 1 through 3 of the boondocks but
it's like social commentary right season
4 is kind of like somebody watched like
like seasons 1 through 3 of the
boondocks and all they got out of it was
like lol black people and then they made
season 4 it's like really really really
bad oh it's actually the same reasons
why why Chappelle stepped away from
season 3 of Chappelle's Show because he
didn't like where it was going with the
writing and everything else he wanted
more time to like kind of you know
Fidesz that line between racial humor
observations and social commentary
mm-hmm because we used to come to know
appeared
well me already now at this point it
only becomes just pure you know heard or
black people are you know you know
you're ultimately you're just
reinforcing racial tropes rather than
like advancing the dialogue and making
it like a I don't know more nuanced
take on stuff like that yeah but um but
okay so we are talking because we were
like on a derail of a derail but do just
now
that's what's Britt's bring it back a
little bit here so jessica leigh
peterson i PTSD because of the the fox
news impression which i PTSD you because
[Music]
twitch streamers don't make real money
and don't work a real job because you
should work you should sleep we had a
corporation and B&B and and continued to
like you know take your take your
express lane to erectile dysfunction
while working middle management until
you literally kill yourself in stress by
age 65
but what was the I don't know how after
that from where yeah oh we were just
saying what you did for the week oh [ __ ]
yeah yeah yeah yeah a bit yeah bits
that's yeah yeah so I went to twitch
I want the twitch headquarters in 2016
to help make bits good and okay I was
telling you that uh I told twitch there
is no way in hell this is going to work
on day one unless you absolutely have a
way to give power to the poverty you've
got to let ads be viewed for bits on day
one if you launch it alongside that
where you earn bits for ads and you give
like you know ads a positive light and
you make it instant there's a adblock it
removed or whatever you will um you know
no one can like no one's smart can like
demonize bits because you you have every
level income able to participate in the
ecosystem of bits if you did it on if
you do it on day one to 900 IQ move
because no one can be mad no one's smart
can be mad what do they do just [ __ ] way
and we can get we get ads for bits until
like six months later minimum I remember
so of course on day one was a complete
[ __ ] show mm-hm everyone was you know
hysterical about like oh my god try to
take out PayPal and there's nothing
wrong whatsoever so um yeah three three
head and chat boys but yeah that so I
did that and some odd now you know I did
that back when there wasn't an official
program to do that now that I'm a twitch
ambassador now officially I am in the
twitch Illuminati and I can I will be
consulted for upcoming products and
services for twitch and give my feedback
on them maybe get put into the beta for
a couple of them I don't even know but
uh yeah I had a great time
sadly all the things that all the cool
[ __ ] I did there was all like super
duper NDA so I can't I can't talk about
it I could just tell you how made me
feel it made me feel warm and gushy
inside and excited for what's to come
for twitch no that's all I can really
say at this time sadly did you hear um
kind of big blue ball right there for
you but yeah do you know anything about
the like the Jesse Smallwood stuff or
whatever ooh what though oh man this has
been some [ __ ] holiday
it's really [ __ ] up it's not good
Jesse Jesse Smollett so basically oh oh
the guy who yes yes the guy who
impersonated there being an attack on
him because yeah I wanted to get a
better acting contract yeah so I hope
that it comes out what actually [ __ ]
happened but like I've heard people say
that like the df' like flop something
really hard and they [ __ ] something up
but all I think was 16 charges on him
were dropped whoa
no one knows they just dropped all
charges and I think the DA's office has
been totally silent on it whoa people
are so [ __ ] mad holy [ __ ] did so
creamy capsule quick here huh because
cuz I feel like you know more than me
but let me just tell them what I know or
what I heard there was a there was a
racial hate crime committed against
Jesse were two dudes I believe I believe
the description was I two white
gentlemen tried to lynch Jesse or tried
to execute a lynching on Jesse mm-hmm
you're a tree at some point late in the
night you know at some point last year
or might Mabel's early this year I
forget exact timeframe for it and then
you know that got it know the the out
cries because oh my god here we are like
he's like you know just blatantly
racially motivated things going on here
with like something as as violent and as
hateful as a lynching attempt and then
and then it was was discovered that
actually there was no there were the
facts or the the evidence or their lack
of was pretty it was pretty fluid not
really anything concrete there and then
as the investigation continued onward
ultimately jesse had lied about their
about the entire altercation ever ever
happening and then there was like you
know context put in by other
interviewers of the show that he's on
that like oh he was actually in the
middle of negotiating his contract and
he did not like that he wear his
negotiations went for his contract rate
for as a per episode or whatever and so
this was him something to like you know
and this is plausibly him with him in to
like make a knee vent out of himself so
he can use that to propel himself to get
onto another show throughout his career
now being relevant to the you know the
modern progressive agenda of you know
BLM or just like you know avocation for
equal treatment of their
now that's what I know so far but what
do you know though basically he did like
16 hours of community service and then
they kept his $10,000 bond and they
basically made the agreement that they
would dismiss all the charges and that's
all that and yeah no one knows I I would
supposedly think the case is being
sealed so nobody knows like why no I
know you have no oh no dude has he said
anything since then like go but it was
um it was like 16 felony counts he was
facing I don't know what the statutory
maximum would have been or what the
maximum sentence it could have been but
um yeah yeah just basically a whole
bunch of white people like super [ __ ]
mad about it I'm sure the DA was
probably blown up about it or was of
course right I know yeah yeah yeah
that's uh that's weird
do we know do we know the state like
what um what state did all this happened
and do you think it was a local PD thing
or did it get escalated to like a higher
branch of enforcement um no I think it
was just the Chicago Police Department
that was doing the investigation
somebody in chats that there's like a
separate like FBI threat about it but um
oh yeah just checking checking the
Donald I already see like three threads
on it like on the front page like the
top of course is the site most high
seven right now is check out PD releases
full jesse smell it Case Files oh man
dude yeah I'm gonna be real [ __ ] mad
holy [ __ ] yeah I don't know I can't
really uh I think we're I feel like
we're missing a lot here I mean a lot of
a lot you know we don't even know like
what the farc record only we know what
the official report was on was there an
official report released at the time
when they had conclude there was
insufficient evidence
oh no no no no no hold on so you can't
yeah so that assumption camping made
that they sent sufficient evidence that
they don't have a strong case because
it's sealed and that basically there's a
name for this where it's called like
alternative to like an alternative
prosecution or something I don't know
exactly what it is but basically you
kind of like agree to do some things
before the charges are dropped and the
two things that he agreed on were 16
hours of community service
um and forfeiting his $10,000 bomb that
he played Lydia forfeited to forfeit did
he put for bail or whatever you got you
well did any consequence come to his
career so far
like is he oh yeah I think weren't
people saying it he's like [ __ ]
career-wise I have a hard time believing
he'll walk this off anytime soon I use
demonize like a [ __ ] from all
sides in the u.s. I think am I wrong on
that or there's no way that he's still
that's that but that would be my
perception of it yeah you like if you
you you cried foul or whatever it's
called you cried wolf and then [ __ ]
wait he's going back to Empire wait
really
Wow really damn no no shame dude hey
he's got that he's got the tabloids
right now [ __ ] it throw them on there
Mel Gibson came back Mel Gibson came
back after like 20 or 30 years there
wasn't well maybe it wasn't that long
well how long was that's okay that's not
true Passion of Christ was 2003 Mel
Gibson's racist [ __ ] tirade try it
yeah the voicemail thing that was like
not even a decade later um I want to say
what was it passion the Christ and he
was silent than Apocalypto and then like
within three years I'm Apocalypto coming
out he did the the voice mail thing
happened and then it was like not even
not even five years due he was already
back on and at that point hold on when
I'm checking what it was though trying
to find out when the one did like a Mel
Gibson Mel Gibson did not uh get held
down really hard by that I would say Mel
Gibson tapes
yeah thirty years probably exaggerations
[ __ ] one of the tapes come out what
happened when was it was in 2010 so that
sounds about right actually it was
definitely because apocalypta was before
2009 I'm trying to remember that much
for sure because I was I was still
living a mount of time and the tapes
tapes attack 2010 sounds about correct
if I were croc likely he um [ __ ] dude
what was dude he was it was like a DUI
and the voicemail happened like in the
same week span were divided connected or
whatever like he was driving drunk and
then he like made a drunk phone call to
somewhere in the voicemail in public
mm-hmm I mean that's felt like a decent
considering how active he was before
then it
that's an occasion oh yeah no I'm not
disagreeing I'm just more that you know
he said 30 years on my well let's be
real 30 years ago no one probably
would've cared so yeah you're probably
right those a little bit to this guy
Apocalypto is his I mean sadly you're
not you're not wrong I mean social media
exists you know I don't know if that
happen and if it honestly if it happened
to no.3 wasn't probably even a big deal
because me you know but bacon like free
Twitter you know what echo chamber would
have even advocated that that was not a
good thing to do or the hole in Yahoo
chats would have been up in arms about
it yeah will be me on [ __ ] MSN
Messenger yeah blowing up did you use
MSN Messenger um ok wait forgive me
found members directly here there was a
reason there was a feature that MSN
Messenger had by risco backer just
contact her boys 2003 screech Tommy Oh
aim AOL it's a messenger and MSN
Messenger and I CQ or the three big that
were always in competition over who was
a primary I am client and if I recall
correctly MSN Messenger was the first
one that had the the typing status as a
feature like you know destinies now
typing guess he's replying or whatever
mmhmm like that I am didn't have our aim
aim didn't have it yet I think they got
a later I got it later yeah and I love
that so that's that was a big reason why
I'm it also was it was a very obvious
divide to I recall that um all my online
friends used MSN Messenger and all my
Normie RL idiot friends used aim so the
other thing I didn't like about MSN I'm
sure there was a way to turn this off
but being able to edit your name oh god
I'm so [ __ ] annoying like people
would type at you and they'd be like hey
but their name would be like like boy
with the long shadow that extends down
the existence of his life like on every
single [ __ ] message like all the edgy
Tina and their oh god I just I remember
that on MSN it was like so stupid like
every [ __ ] person like a hole I felt
like I was looking at like song titles
on a post rock album like every single
person like 20 score you can change
every month this quarter was like like
if you go to your this or not but if you
go to like any any big streamers discord
and you like because everyone can change
their username there
nicknamed I'm trying to find you know
let's say I'm external UNS talked to a
subscriber of mine they have a
subscriber role but I have no who the
[ __ ] they are because their name is like
oh yeah I don't like that big really big
doings and big joints and joints you
know 420 kawaii-desu and it's like [ __ ]
are you or like when you're trying to
like talk to people in discord but their
name starts with a special character and
you don't know how the [ __ ] to add them
you can ya its Sona you have to like
copy-paste their [ __ ] name after the
add thing it's so annoying I don't know
why the [ __ ] they let people do that i
wish i stupid I know dude I'm getting
mega tree right now your talk about that
I'm it's so [ __ ] dumb yeah you're
like in the middle of a conversation
with some dumb [ __ ] that calls you out
of like a big discord in the chat mister
moving you're trying to add them and you
don't know what the [ __ ] and then you
find their name then you pushed a bit
changing something completely
differently what the [ __ ] it's just that
the actual person's name or am i adding
a random person like oh god or so
trigger oh no do you love that whenever
you attack someone it's like the like
their name is like I don't know [ __ ]
Arnold or I don't know something
something that's like not you know like
it was like seven Arnold's know whatever
and you tag some dude who's been offline
since 1945 no I
I watched necro bump the [ __ ] out of his
name yep yeah actually you know honest
to do if you want to if you want to [ __ ]
on discord for like 45 minutes I would
be happy to because I have I have a lot
to complain about this UI dude I know
yeah it actually took I think I was like
one of the last streamers to get around
to actually making one because I hated
the UI so much and I actually still do
like I don't know why there's like a
difference between like voice chats and
like text chats or why you can't couple
these things together like I walk into
just kind of see 30 rooms on the left
and I accidentally sometimes I click
like a voice chat and I show up in a
room and be like oh [ __ ] I was like been
in the text chat oh god it like the
discord layer it actually triggers the
looting [ __ ] out I mean I still don't
like it like you know what I don't like
about it it's not modular I feel like
I'm spoiled it's 2019 right we should
have modular layouts for any like big
platform at this point I should be able
to move that [ __ ] around however I want
and make it however I want I hate that
it's like this stuck in this 2003 like
one size fits all and the fact that like
god damn dude give me [ __ ] folders
give a gift yeah why can't you group the
servers you're in on the left like I
hate it like literally I'm leaving
servers because I'm tired of [ __ ]
scrolling through a filler of message
[ __ ] and I'm in like ten and it
feels like too much for me like and I
don't know they're like 30 or 40 servers
and I'm like the
the dimensions are told on everything
like if I scroll to the side of my thing
and I see that like I got like ten
messages of a server I don't even know
the [ __ ] to find those like I click it
and then I have to like go to each of
the channels and then I click that and
then I gotta like ctrl F look for
mentions for my name and it's like uh to
be fair yeah you're not wrong that
problem you're talking about there has
been a problem was a problem for years
but I want to say 2017 late 2017 they
added that thing top right corner it's
the the @ symbol you can see all
missions of your name server wide with
that but wait I don't know that was hold
on one second the starting same screen
is going up alright let's find out okay
so here's a server I see there are 60
mention to me so left click would where
I push this oh a tiny corner
yeah uh see little ad symbol next to the
question mark that uh that's supposed to
tell you all mentions of you and in that
in that thing you're currently on
whether it be a private DM or the server
itself we but this is a cross this is
for like every single server though is
it yeah so I went into the server where
sixty Munch's amazing and now I click
the add thing that top right and this
even includes like my private DMS yeah
stooop okay nevermind okay I thought
they actually mean it's more okay
nevermind still garbage them oh [ __ ]
there might be a way to do this I'm
learning right now okay okay wait recent
mentions this server display direct only
oh so there's not even a single thing in
me it's all at everyone's oh okay all
right oh yeah okay I'm coming back to
this where's my caller tracks all right
oh I'm even more triggered now wait wait
you can okay wait you can when you do
the at there is a there's a tab for this
server or all servers and then there's a
display include everyone mentions or
include only role mentions yeah I I'm
check both of those yeah if you don't
get both those you get you get direct
only which I assume would be you so you
can configure it to be like the thing
they were talking about here [ __ ] this
[ __ ]
give me a give me a AOL instant message
remember how you we could all change our
[ __ ] in chat rooms do you like change
like the color and the background color
of your text have you been in a chat
room and had someone tell you that
you're copying their color well
bro I do I'm [ __ ] using yellow tents
on dark blue backlash a no I haven't but
that's interesting they'd be fun I could
see somebody doing it here yeah that was
that was like this is so this is so
petty to even think about now in 2019
but that what this was like the thing in
2002 like you had to have you had your
color man and my favorite thing in a
grade school this is really [ __ ] up
and I didn't actually do this I'm just
making it set but um a lot of the times
would be funny is on AOL Instant
Messenger people's passwords would
oftentimes just be like their names or
like password or like the school they go
to it's actually incredibly easy to
guess people's passwords back in like
[ __ ] grade school so you could log
into people's AOL Instant Messenger
accounts and basically what would happen
is people would send you messages and
you could read every message that was
being sent to the original account but
they wouldn't know that someone else was
on your account and then you could type
messages back to [ __ ] with people and I
don't think the person logged into the
account could see the message that was
being typed so you could like you could
super [ __ ] with people that way honestly
you got me okay so yeah a big big thing
here note we're still on the pending
Devo right now from like introductions
at this point but holy [ __ ] you know how
people think like how did the world
exist before cellphones like you know
you think as a kid you okay yeah you go
to the mall and tell your mom mom [ __ ]
you I'm gonna go to gamestop for like
until your until you're like done boring
me too definitely [ __ ] [ __ ]
shopping spree or whatever it's okay
will be it will be a game stopping don't
go anywhere else and you just [ __ ]
hang on a game stop for like two hours
and you know there's nothing physically
really holding you liable to be there
like you know there's no smartphone
there's no you know all there is like I
guess the intercom of the store it's
like for your moms and Bear to tell you
they're okay
okay Michael Comfort around the store
please right can you its blow my mind
how like how the world function prior to
cellphones in terms of like meetings and
accountability and just general
communication you know I hope he calls
me back that's all coming before I can't
call him was that is that me or a
payphone or you know it isn't because
the beeper wasn't premium says right
back then I just hope they call me back
when they need to call me back or
whatever I feel that I now feel that
that of the 90s the 2010 version of that
is can you imagine the internet before
two-way authorization like you're
thinking here now about you all your
things that were secure
back in you know [ __ ] the one
password leaked away away one password
you know um like you bring them out a
whole AOL packing [ __ ] I was like damn
you're right bro there was a wall just
you know for I just turn on turn on to
lay off and there was no to lay off
there was none of that [ __ ] it was one
password oh yeah I remember that
people's statuses like people putting
like a new account last one was hack
ignore it or whatever like [ __ ] like
that when people would lose their old
accounts of stuff yeah the days back in
the Boomer days crazy man [ __ ] I call
imagine me need to get someone here one
day and asked him like I need like an
expert tell us how like how some really
fucked-up stories about how like
runescape account hacking and oh god
before you had pins in runescape
yikes I would guess you're a pound on
your face dude I heard that [ __ ] was
like hey yeah dude there were so many
good ways to scam people hey listen dude
I want to take a pic with like all my
clan mates and your armor is so sick you
want to come with me my friend out to
the wild he just like level two it'll be
so cool like oh yeah there's so much
there were so many horrible ways you
skin people trying to lure dip shits
that were standing at the edge of the
Wildey that were high alkaline to her
them to come into the wilderness you
kill them they drop their whole [ __ ]
bank there used to be a bug where if
enough people attacked one person
somehow it would force a skull on them
and then you could actually get them to
drop items but they weren't willing to
drop sometimes you could get people to
um oh sorry
wait yeah yeah I would never do any of
this but like um oh of course yeah no
yeah yeah if you needed a friend to join
your world because you wanted to like
fish together I think me and Chris I
think used to fish sharks at the fishing
guild together and sometimes the world
would be full so one thing you could do
we I had another friend in that game I
had a couple friends in runescape is you
would get one guy to say like hey did
you guys know that runescape bleeps out
your password and then if you type in
like some random dribble of letters like
six people would log out to try to steal
to try to log into your account and then
your friend could get into the world
because there would be room oh [ __ ]
there are so many ways you could [ __ ]
with people in [ __ ] runescape that
[ __ ] was some good ass [ __ ] meme is
that where is that where you saw the the
bulk of your like password scamming
happen because um I would be mine would
be Xbox Live that's where I saw I
believe until I saw dude [ __ ]
my boys already known a story here but
modern warfare to man I saw all these
boys finesse the [ __ ] out of these
[ __ ] 12 year olds dude like oh my god
everyone step one
you get in the lobby you hear the kids
talking no you're cool they're young
they're idiotic cool I got them so you
start a conversation with them about you
know how long do you have Xbox Live
because I you know I like you I want to
play with you more often I want to be
your friend you know but mine expires
soon how long do you have Xbox Live you
get it out of the Oh usually would tell
you is that some of its conference
information oh I have a year pre-bought
I have like 10 months of meeting or
whatever alright great well I'm glad
that you were on for a long period of
time that's awesome so now you know that
they have a valuable asset they have a
year of Xbox Live so then you can then
you say okay well I'm going to show you
you know because I only have you know
the rest of this month or whatever the
rest of today or tomorrow or this week
of Xbox Live or remaining um let me show
you a sick a sick a kill shot or
whatever right and then you and your you
and your friend both were orchestrate to
gether how to like impress him in a
private mob you know how to do a quick
kill shot and then you explain them how
you have like you know some kind of like
custom modifier enabled on your account
that lets you do that thing and they
fall for it because you're simulating
some concentration in the match at which
point then you tell him or he told him
you know that a well I can give it to
you that's got a seed your account to
like do a quick little thing in the
background to give you the the hacks to
do what I just did right there yeah and
then I can write back to you I mean it's
really collections mean you can be
friends and we'll be in lobbies and
duels with it all time yeah and they'll
sit here for like you know 30 mins
orbiting this entire thing I'm people
for us to get the account access and the
minute you get it
disconnect out of there boom done got it
yeah got their counting password if they
have a credit card cash to it I'm about
to buy and then the boys were dirty two
minutes they had mom's credit card on
file
oh boy they were buying digital
everything it's sad but like yeah people
are like hungry as [ __ ] for online
friend you could do similar [ __ ] and
runescape if you take some kid with you
like cuz me and my friends works like
really good P cares what we did you take
some kid with you like peek hang for a
little bit you get like a few kills
they're like [ __ ] hyped and gas is
[ __ ] like on like any kills they got you
give them like the majority of the loot
like I'll do like yeah this guy drop
yeah yeah this guy like a DDS like dude
you can have it man like you're cool you
did so much for that BK you get back to
town you like load amount give up sharks
give them pots and [ __ ] like wow this is
awesome like yeah like sometimes you
know you know sometimes we share
accounts sometimes
whatever like if you want to do some
[ __ ] like that bla bla bla bla bla I
remember that we had a dummy account
some [ __ ] [ __ ] pier they got wrong
cuz we got defense levels on them but
like you could like share passwords with
like [ __ ] account to let them log in
to see that everything was cool and then
eventually like they would give you
their password and you like Jack their
[ __ ] not that I ever done any of this
but like I heard people did stuff like
this but um oh yeah dude oh my god there
was so much horrible [ __ ] [ __ ] I
didn't I didn't do this either but like
I was in the lobby watching my friends
do it because I was like because he was
like yo because he was like yo man um
alright it's usually here's last context
here about it I was like look um if you
didn't know Xbox 360 copies of Grand
Theft Auto 4 for some reason included
one-month trials to Xbox Live right okay
it was it was a little paper insert in
every brand new copy of GTA 4 at the
time I worked at Gamestop and when we
would get these used cops of GTA 4 in
2008 a lot of people didn't use their um
their one-month Charles they would cuz
who opens the [ __ ] game manual to see
it it's the game manual in the case so
um some of the employees there were just
like yo Inc like legit you know 12 to to
35 of these inserts and what's dumb is a
head stacking capability you can just
enter the codes back to back to back and
it would stack on your account and you
could have like free Xbox Live until
2012 if you really wanted to and so we
had a friend of a friend who would
frequent the game stop who was like well
you know he came through asked if we had
any left and we were like no he's like
where I will [ __ ] dude when this
table is my Michelle imma [ __ ] get
down how much sure how how I still do
this [ __ ] right
and I was like man him you can't scam
these kids out of the Xbox lobs no it's
not that stupid he was like oh man [ __ ]
and he's [ __ ] just like do didn't even
try hard either dude it was like the
whole thing was done in 30 minutes he
had he had it he had a year of Xbox Live
and whatever credit cards on file just
like this guy was like super obviously
anymore I would never do all this to
little kids yeah I would I won't deny
that it was [ __ ] hilarious though
because I had to like I had to mute
myself so often I'm [ __ ] dying
laughing and how how many like the lies
per minute that they were feeding these
kids to making their friends were it was
comical dude [ __ ] outside a [ __ ]
press conference from the administration
it was crazy yeah I think the I think
the worst
ever felt the worst I ever felt was when
I heard that people would would get
people's accounts basically and like it
there's like there's I don't know how to
explain it but it's something very
satisfying about like basically social
engineering your way into some kids
account even if he doesn't cuz they
never had [ __ ] I don't think we ever
like scammed anybody that had like all
[ __ ] like this dude's got like a
hundred million [ __ ] whatever the gold
was whatever it wasn't scary guy like
were everything it was always like they
had like twelve prayer robes like a
bunch of random food items like twenty
herbs maybe like a dragon Simmi or
whatever like a dragon cemeteries I'm
sure the funniest thing was when
sometimes you get in these account you
could just blank it fire off like a
message to every person on their friends
list being like off but dude like no
Marik Bank and I got [ __ ] scam like
do you have anything that you could loan
me so that I could go do pre ski I'm
internet priests camel were it pre ski
I'm aware internet was was crazy dude
usually you would get more because like
when you when you get into these kids
account cuz they're that dumb they
probably don't have much kitchen area
but you would get more sometimes like
having people like throw you like
they'll give you like a DDS in prayer
robes and like some shark or so I'm sure
their lobbies or sword Fisher's I'm sure
and yeah you just sorta like
transferring at all the other kind like
thanks do you like this really helps
really oh my god it so now I ask the
ultimate question okay yeah who who were
the biggest gamers was it was it early
Wow or was it was it runescape I never
played Wow at all um I guess a lot of
people do scams on EVE Online which I
did play I didn't get as much as that
but like runescape was like the wild
wild weather like the days where like
people didn't really know much about
social engineering and so if you were
good at it you dude you could get into
so much it was [ __ ] crazy how easy it
was if you understood like a little bit
about how people thought people are
willing to trust you if you give people
the opportunity to do something fun that
they don't normally do they'll jump on
it like taking somebody P Kang taking
some of the deep Wildey and killing a
couple greater demons or whatever it's
showing people the king black dragon
KBD I think right like if you would take
people to do these things like give
these people experiences like act
friendly lol I don't put Smiley's and
[ __ ] if you would send people your
socials like dude yeah like talk to us
on AOL like we'll talk there whatever
people like
give people your socials I'm like a like
AOL and semester like ways to kind of go
yeah but like it when you start doing
that like we people start opening up to
you like that like people are real eager
for like friendship I'm a lot of people
realize that in the real world that's
still true today like people usually
eager to like reach out and be friends
with somebody if you offer somebody that
olive branch but obviously that could be
abused a lot back in the early days the
internet and people didn't really know
about that kind of stuff so yeah yeah
that's crazy
you know you're not you're not wrong
that is a I mean I'm thinking back to my
first online experience and it was a it
was midnight Club to on Xbox Live on my
odious box and you know I was that
wasn't me I was an awkward 12 year old
kid and I was like I want to make
friends so I definitely was you know I
learned real quick how to talk [ __ ] you
know I I didn't really know how to be
like competitive with like [ __ ]
talking and roasting but like um but
yeah dude I got [ __ ] I got called you
know Brad and this and that and with
some other words here there's a you know
meet posture clips alright I'm up to
that matza derailed erode quicker but
like have you ever like I went back at
some point last year I was having like
one I was having like one of those like
um let's call it like a pokeballs day
where I'm like okay I'm lazy as [ __ ]
right now if like really doing anything
it's kind of wanted a chill and watch
them like videos and reactant or
whatever and talk about it for my entire
stream and so one at one point I was
like you know what you guys know I
really enjoy I missed the art of like
online rage compilations like whenever
like people get like mega triggered and
Xbox Live lobbies or like or [ __ ] or
old-school tf2 lobbies or like you know
whatever it may be and like I realize
like I couldn't do it on Twitch anymore
because like what's the one word that's
getting said the most in these online
rage compilations by giving the N word
of the F word the F slur do is the F
okay if you get you depending which one
is your Y they know you're actually yeah
do it was like f slur F slurp slurp
slurp like I'm like dude is this all we
used to say when rage would happen dude
that's like oh oh yeah do you remember
the hard hard double stable well we're
the group the people would roll in tf2
so hard like some guy would sit on top
of the door and you would make it so
you'd none of your team could get out he
would play like quiz time and if people
didn't get the answer right he wouldn't
let them out into the map you'd like
lose again so there is so much dumb show
I don't remember what the name in these
[ __ ] videos was but like her videos
were but yeah in tf2 yeah basically
basically some guy would like stand on
top at the stay on top of the door there
was a bug or whatever there's a glitch
to do it and yeah he would play Kuwait's
time with people and a lot of people
were raging and screaming but if people
got the answer right he'd let him out to
go play the game yeah let's play a game
yeah it's just like but yeah I yeah
point is though yeah my first exposing
counts online I was as you were
describing I was eager to make friends
and I got a I got I got chewed up and
spit out really quickly and learned how
to like get a thicker skin dealing with
the online interactions mm-hm
oh my god trolling with all of the
patrolling with all the I think you
would get you would get like two white
like one person with each team
I always team a room but yeah if
somebody does link the video you would
get like one engineer on each team to
start like one guy would build like a
[ __ ] ton of turrets the other guy would
build portals that lead like right to
him and like all your team would just
keep running through him over and over
again getting like mowed down by the
[ __ ] turrets on the other side [ __ ]
oh man people would get so [ __ ] mad
holy [ __ ] sorry I made my dog like lost
her mind because now you're gonna
intruder came into the house and you
know you know her her heard the false
dances you know bark first asks a second
real badass she must be a Chicago PD
enforcement I wonder if I could have
played pro games if I would have been
better at starting over I spent more
time like actually playing games unless
time like trolling people because now
that he think about it I think it just
spent most my time [ __ ] with people
did you ever play the original Starcraft
at all
no it's been actually I've not played
any RTS games actually and I you can
build ecstatically though you can you
could actually we can do it over here
you know you could turn me on to the
appeal of our d RTS genre and and guide
me on what games and what order you'd
recommend I play to maximize my [ __ ]
guidance and learning curve at week [ __ ]
that [ __ ] I had to Chalmers Dennis [ __ ]
I mean I know it's dead but like it
doesn't mean it's not worth playing you
need to watch the matrix in shape first
where you start trying to branch out of
all types of games alright okay whoa
okay that was a low blow right there you
know you can't you can't throw the movie
backlog at me hey I'm broke wait come on
man
really wait meet me and you may wear
twitch streamers right our agenda is to
live
eat and consume videogames man you can't
it's the highest form of arts
interaction meets where I get most of my
views my own collection some boom some
Boomer Zoomer trying to like sit here
and watch a [ __ ] three-hour film
about like [ __ ] [ __ ] or whatever
from some [ __ ] 80 80 year-old
director I'm trying to play some
[ __ ] video games man yeah I'm
hip Zimmer Craig I'm the future [ __ ]
okay um I don't know where we're at
right now well okay so I keep track here
so oh [ __ ] my back here I tried to at
least anyway I'm gonna go back here to
the RTS saying is you next my question
here if I wanted to get into RTS would
you recommend a Starcraft would you
recommend I do like some command &
Conquer would you recommend that I uh
probably Warcraft cuz like Warcraft 4
will come out or like isn't the worker
through your master it might already be
a wait wait Warcraft force could be a
thing that was never mine I totally made
that up yeah like I feel like it is the
Warcraft 3 remaster every fans dreams
are already there already the press
right now because that they have to
coexist with like [ __ ] neo blizzard
that exists right now like yeah I'd say
I'd say Warcraft probably a good place
to start because it ties into
hearthstone and all the other games and
should say you have a better
understanding there - ok ok ok
seems to agree um and then and then I
actually liked your conversation here
you had it you had you asked would you
know be a would you be a pro gamer at
this point now if you troll less people
actually spend time getting better at
the game yeah yeah that's a good
question because um I have like cuz mean
you kind of have like a like a similar
branching path or like streaming kind of
like kind of to tear me a little bit
from that I would say sort of mm-hmm
because you know before I was
speedrunning I was my life was
competitive you you like I I didn't
[ __ ] 2001 to 2005 was just like every
[ __ ] day was you yo and what
like they're like like school like
middle school in high school were just
well really Middle School in high school
until 11th grade we're just like giant
filler episodes of a really shitty anime
where I didn't [ __ ] care because when
I got home all I [ __ ] did was hop on
yvd you give virtual desktop and I'm
[ __ ] I would you know and I would
play these I would duel until I my mom
kick
my mom dragged me with the computer I
was the I was the cringe teenager who
[ __ ] just like was like mom [ __ ]
playing video games [ __ ] off mm-hmm
I was like I was cause he got think it
was the family PC in the kitchen there
was only one PC I had to like share
peace time with all the [ __ ] other it
is my family because I had my own
[ __ ] [ __ ] so I'm just like I would do
upo until I had to get off because they
won't mate
cuz you know I only got four hours of it
today and they wanted their 45 minutes
of [ __ ] time or whatever so yeah I
dude you Gill was my [ __ ] life until
uh until I got to speedrunning but I'm
wondering you know I do wonder to what
would how things different how different
things would be if I had like pushed
myself to the proportionally I had a lot
more a long time on on YouTube that I
didn't speedrunning at that time and it
took me a while to get better at
speedrunning and I'm wondering if I'd
pursued my initial competitive drive to
its max capacity what would what would
have what would that have yielded yeah I
don't know I don't know it's a good
question I think the worst I ever did
for screaming for parents and I played
games was playing when I play geography
Jews I was pretty young and I couldn't
read all the word so I'd always had to
call my mom over to like mom what does
this word mean
mom what does this word mean but you
know it's cute did you never have the
family PC struggle are we are we too
different in that oh yeah we had a
family PC you oh god it was horrible the
worst things my parents always had like
how much time I could spend on the
computer was always subject to their
whims during the day and I always get so
triggered my why how long have you been
I competed I think I like two hours
mom's like two hours is too much why mom
just cuz two hours it's too much and
they get like real like [ __ ] mom no
this is this when you do the Big Brain
you like well mom
[ __ ] you arch dr. Phil and Oprah earlier
so [ __ ] you that's two hours alone and I
know you're gonna watch American Idol
tonight so you better get the [ __ ] off
my dick oh no for me that could the
computer is just like a special kind of
evil like they would even say like get
off the computer and at least watch TV
or something like there was just
something bad or negative or evil about
the computer and I'd spent like too much
time on it it was like what cuz I spent
like eight hours a day on it if they
[ __ ] off but yeah yeah beggin they can
do like eight hours of TV no questions
asked you you do like a quarter of that
on the PC and it's like I don't know I
think the pcs robbed in his brain you
look
Museum you said clicking and clacking on
the keyboard eyeballs directly on the
monitor I don't know I don't know I
don't trust it
now now them now the mouse has got a
little laser in it now rabbit in the
little mouse ball and as the laser like
you know is it like scanning his retinas
and causing him to be a drone and obey
the monitor now I don't I don't know I
don't trust him later Mouse's either
they crazy
I mean I don't yeah I don't think I
might want that crazy she never gave
reasons she just said things I would
just come home from school oh my god did
I had a PTSD coming home from school and
like I try to like open the computer
like open like a browser whatever and
then it said not connected and it meant
the parents had like either hidden the
ethernet cable or hidden the cable Mona
whatever oh man it happened to you for
random reasons like like just Sunday so
they felt like I had too much I didn't
need to play so you didn't make an f on
the report card you didn't like skip
school or skip class or you know missed
a bus or anything but no like huh my
grades were like really [ __ ]
I guess I was like a B or C student a
lot of the time I guess or like it was
an a/b I say really dependent unlike the
topic I could always do really well all
the English classes because I was like a
good reader and then I would kind of
like flub some other things they weren't
as good as I probably should have been
and then like yeah they were just like
random days it didn't even matter like
in terms of like why did good or bad and
on grades or tests or recently whatever
but like if they just felt like I didn't
need the computer that day they would
just are hiding Shinya that's I would
get so triggered by that dude but then
again I I did get triggered because my
mom was she the one they gonna learn I'm
sorry I'm dealing a dear a little deal
again here but hmm black parents this is
probably where me and you very much
different here black parents and white
parents right it's a very stupid term
but uh black black parents particularly
black moms are not really down with you
like going over to your friend's house
like that's oh that's a giant relinquish
of power influence that they don't
definitely let that go so I was never
allowed to go to any friend's house and
when you're when you're an aspiring
worldwide class you go duelist like
myself I needed fresh competition to
keep my yugi'll dueling at peak optimal
level and this my mom would never
[ __ ] let me go to anyone's house they
can come over to our house but the
problem is like that's like that's what
you know it's like
I don't have that power like yeah I live
out in the [ __ ] boonies I live like
you know 50 minutes away from [ __ ]
school I it's in I live in the wrong
direction I live out of town not not in
the city so it's like no one coming my
[ __ ] old garbage ass house to play you
deal with me so I I'd never had
opponents to play they were never good
or whatever huh play online I never I
guess I'm the friend that I had growing
up my really close back my friend was um
lived in the same apartment complex with
with me and my grandma and like there
were a bunch of other black people that
live there too I guess I don't know if
this was like Oh some part of Bellevue
whatever this was but um growing up this
is actually one stereotype that I didn't
understand it so far later in life we
also had a pool in our apartment complex
too and like all the black kids swam
there with all the white kids and I
never knew that stairs have about black
people not being able to swim until I
was like in my 20s I never understood
that before I'd always heard people say
and it's like we mean by that because
I'd always grown up and all of us wanted
like the same apartment complex do you
want me to explain with why that is a
thing what's that supposed to like be
rooted in um sure my guess is
socioeconomic [ __ ] but yeah hit me up
yeah yeah in short yeah that's um it's a
boring answer socio-economic conditions
that lead to like the luxury of being
able to afford to give your child
swimming lessons its unforeseen in most
black communities not to mention because
of you know the because of Reaganomics
and how have the ghettos were ultimately
form due to redlining with the economic
policies based off of loans and Bank and
banks with their generosity tends to
lead to black communities being nowhere
near pool other than like I mean you got
the public pool maybe if you're lucky if
you know the allocations are there for
the public a public pool near a city of
a public park to be in existence but
most cases black youth don't have access
to pools to ever even get good at sloppy
recreational swimming much less
functional deliberate swimming mm-hmm so
that that's the the boring lame answer
but you know if I can actually
functionally swim I can like if I go in
the water I cannot drown and I can like
doggy paddle around I guess and I can
kind of do the thing with my arms over
my head but I don't know if I'm doing it
right okay well so you imagine right if
you're a child and you like you know
about time you're like 15 years old
you've never been near a pool oh yeah it
probably pretty scary that's actually
the childhood curiosity is kind of gone
now it's like now it's like you know
it's it's new it's foreign
it's a objective no longer a
recreational task yours like I don't
[ __ ] with that I don't know how to swim
I don't want to learn from these people
right now that's actually really weird
to me so like wait can you swim yeah I'm
actually actually I'm different here I
actually was near sharing also I grew up
in Orlando Florida so we had like a
bunch of different [ __ ] like our
elementary school had a program that
would get kids into swimming in 2nd
grade so I actually did swimming lessons
I can't imagine like um I can't imagine
like anytime you if you can't swim like
if you go near water these like death
traps to you like our people like
genuinely like oh my god like I'm this
like if you're walking on like a dock
would you think like [ __ ] if I fell over
I would die I would just be dead I can't
I would just sink and die is that
something people worry about over there
like you're assuming boy they're like
that is actually a death trap for me I
would say yeah dude
very similar yeah cuz he think with me
right like if I've never been near water
in my youth and then as an adult I'm you
know controlled by the the typical
reprogram adult fear orientation mm-hmm
I'm not gonna really want to be Micah
even to be near large masses of water
because I don't know I don't know how to
deal with a situation similarly if I was
a child and I never been on an airplane
as an adult I feared the airplane but as
a child if you went on an airplane you
know two or three times but in your
youth with your parent you're not as
fearful their planes by the time you're
an adult I would say it's all about
conditioning under the childhood
curiosity factor out what's next crazy
dude shows Aquaman like a horror movie
for a lot of black people where that's
my one for the day okay what are we
talking about next I was speaking of
black people the movie us are we getting
onto this we're yeah so we were on
twitch headquarters yeah and it covered
the bits thing you know that I'm
ambassador I previewed products too like
that I went to that I was sick and then
from there with some other ship you know
what [ __ ] all that though let's go ahead
and get let's [ __ ] [ __ ] the de rozier
you know what I think we're gonna have
this I'm excited so I can chop it off we
go right I'm ready to duke it out okay
alright let's go back and forth let's
give our rating for the movie what did
you give it out of 10 bro I okay so it's
complicated for me to say cuz i okay so
I was kind wait no don't don't get into
it give me an out of 1000 also hold on
it for a warning number [ __ ] spoilers
okay [ __ ] that when I dunno
yeah okay the movies been out for a week
and a have you cared about suppose you
would have seen it by now get the [ __ ]
out of here I don't care just give me a
number out of 10 right now yeah yeah me
a number out of 10 six or seven at 10:07
which is just an ass oh god it's like
there's so many things I like there's so
many things I don't like though but yeah
but it's it's definitely what I can say
is it's a [ __ ] ton weaker than then get
out Oh [ __ ] in five I don't know if
we're gonna disagree I'd give it a five
out of ten I left the theater like like
right after the credits rolled I was
like uh eight out of ten and I got out
to the out to the theater area and I
started out with my friend I was like
he's six or seven out of ten and then I
got home I slept I woke up the next
day's like oh man I'm gonna think like
510 there's a lot of [ __ ] problems
with this movie that I'm not getting and
yeah that's where I'm at right now like
yeah yikes I don't know yeah so so let's
let's live into that then
so the first thing first or the school
first with our with our what we were
walking into expectation wise because
get out super copy off guard like I saw
it I [ __ ] loved it and then when it
wraps up you're like okay I immediately
want to see a second time because
there's so much symbolism double meaning
and just like you know like would you
know by the end changes what you
perceive about the beginning and there's
so many sense what's the up to be ends
with the twist and everything else just
like yeah it's like not only that but
like get out didn't even really need it
doesn't really obviously enhance this
here but you didn't really need the
social commentary layer forget out guess
the general is like genuinely just good
horror thriller or whatever you want to
call it like yeah what real quick on
like what you're saying this is really
important
um you can't excuse shitty story telling
or shitty writing because it's a
metaphor that's not how those are
supposed to work allegories or metaphors
are supposed to be like you have like a
solid foundation that's good and then
there's like another way that you can
kind of view it and it and everything
works but the original story and movie
has to be really tight if you go in
watching like get out and it's like oh
this is a kind of like a really like a
comedy horror movie and you're like oh
yeah coin you only watch it you'll like
it you don't need anything more than it
you can just like it but it you know but
then if somebody gives you like there's
also
kind of like funny commentary on top
about kind of like dope the white
guilted like liberal and they're like
obsession with like you know black
people on everything in that kind of a
way like oh it actually kind of works in
that way to like it's really fun you
know like kind of the the insult
compliments like oh I like black but
wasn't very athletic
you know like stuff like that or you
know that you know I voted for Obama you
know that kind of stuff it's like that
works too but it works about making
sacrifices for the main story and I
don't know if you can say the same about
us go ahead yeah that's the that's a big
problem so so like you see get out
catches everyone off guard it's it's
amazing it's probably one of my favorite
uh I mean I tank on it I want to be
bullied I wanted a despot one of my
favorite films the last decade like if
I'm picking up like what's definitive of
the 2010s I would definitely put get out
on there it's definitely a film that I
feel could only exist in the 2010s both
from who created it what it conveys an
execution of it and everything else in
between like that's not a film that
would ever get produced in the 2000s
that is like that would not get greenlit
you know and you know [ __ ] pre 9/11 or
even like around 9/11 this is not it's
too divisive and now or it's too candid
I guess you could say here okay I don't
know how to take it out was that I
thought get out was like oh close to
like a perfect movie it did everything
really well I don't know if it was quite
like ambitious and I were like this is
one of my favorite movies like the past
like decade but it was really really
good I admit that there are very many
flaws in that movie if any I'd have to
think a lot about it I guess but yeah
okay okay well um so yeah I'm going here
like me I might see the next Jordan
Jordan Peele it's a peeler pal was get
it wrong I always give me to myself on
here
it's a pail its appeal I think it's like
banana peels or he'll write you in pill
yeah I think it's appeal I'm gonna go
with pale but go ahead alright final
answer I'm more like oh I'm seeing a
Jordan Peele film like you know it's
already I'm more like you know direct
earning specific my own and now I'm like
I'm like really excited here so Mac
stations were like through the roof
because the trailer was actually great I
gotta take a minute hearings cop of the
fact that you know like in a world where
like Warner Brothers or trailers are
just like cut to like spoil and they're
so insecure that just like they're
throwing you like 3/4 of the entire
movie at you hoping that you're you're
peanut-sized ADHD brain will be able to
like trailer kind of like give away like
pretty much the entire like plot of the
movie basically that fit
lookit family's gonna show up and they
had to find a way to kill them before
they killed the main family it wasn't
that kind of the you think so I feel
like it did enough to entry but not not
not spoil everything like I mean I guess
you could say it did reveal that and I'm
I've been one too many things but I
thought the other trick look that's all
trailer one trailer one for me was cut
enough for me to be like really excited
for it without you want to watch it to
get us in the mood
sure yeah let's do that Danny my Vadis
gonna get blacklisted as article 13
gonna kill me yet I linked it to you
okay alright are you uh do you have a
you teeth no you have pretty teeth oh
yeah why we going hard on re you
brothers what the [ __ ] oh you can do all
these rows but I can't wait what the
[ __ ] alright okay give me give me a
count whatever you ready yeah sure ready
three two one go
[Music]
it mean it's about dress it's not about
drugs it's a dope song don't do drugs
[Music]
[Music]
can't believe how baby baby you hear
Gabe got a boat he's kidding right
he's not kidding hey I think it's about
that clock oh yeah
where's Jason what were you I didn't
know if you were lost stick with me I'll
keep you safe
[Music]
there's a family our driveway it's
probably the neighbors John Scavo family
how can I help you sir Patricia if you
want to get crazy
[Music]
[Applause]
they look exactly like us they think
like us they know where we are
to move and keep moving
they won't stop until they kill us and
we kill them
[Music]
I don't know what do you think um know
that I still stand by that I think that
was a fantastically cut trailer that
completely gets my boner I got at 3/4
chub minimum and gets my height for the
film like it gives me a great sense of
the atmosphere I know to expect I'm not
being I'm not being like manipulated on
like you know it's not one of those
things where it's like it's a rom-com
but rom-coms don't really get guys in
seats so they try to mark it as like an
action film through like focusing on the
helicopter crash and fifty Shades great
or whatever okay um rather than like you
know being disingenuous so no the
trailer to me yeah it says the promisor
there's gonna be like us other family
but you don't know how it's gonna be
resolved gosh I'll complain about here
about comparison is like how Batman V
Superman shows Wonder Woman is supposed
to be like a thing three ports to the
film the films even like filmed in a way
where the reveal of of Wonder Woman
being Wonder Woman or whatever whatever
human name is supposed to be a twist but
you already knew from the [ __ ] first
trailer oh yeah so this is uh I just
like to trigger Blade Runner fans in
chat real quick I actually felt
somewhere about 25 later on or 20 49 I
don't think they should have shown
Harrison Ford in any trailer at all I
think that would've worked way better if
he just shows up in the movie like in
the last back but there's a problem
there though that's okay so I understand
what you're saying right there but can
you imagine tone the marking Department
that you know you have you have like a
legacy act like here so I know you're
marking this is a shitty reason but I
mean you're right yeah you're gonna yeah
you would actually want to say that but
I mean like further story in the movie
itself would have worked better for him
to just show it would've been way cooler
I think but yeah I know it's funny
though when you when you say that that's
the same problem right now with uh with
a Avengers in game coming out next month
mm-hmm we're like you already in this
science poster you know this is just
facts here you already know that
spider-man far from home the next
spider-man live-action film and the MCU
is coming out in July fourth weekend so
you already know that spider-man because
there's a spider-man film two months
later it's going to live I mean how much
of a [ __ ] ruse would it be though if
that whole project was [ __ ]
that would a meta is [ __ ] that'd be
[ __ ] that'd be super dope actually
but but everyone loves Tom Holland and
obviously people gonna it's not gonna
happen
yeah actually heard it was a decent
amount of backlash because of how how
how sad the ending to and the Avengers
infinity war was like oh yeah we got
real interested in superheroes like oh
it's like really dude really distraught
over that so okay what do you what did
you let's start with the positive what
did you like about the movie dude I
loved that I actually liked that it
wasn't even like explicitly a black
family like the fact that like nothing
about their blackness is what um I felt
like had to be like it wasn't like you
know because we're black and this is why
things were happening it just happens to
be like a nonchalant representation of a
family that um like their bladders not
exactly intrinsic to what's happening in
the plot oh hold on I have to push you
on that because gee that might be really
problematic what do you mean by that hit
me up with it I don't mean by blackness
is not intrinsic to who they are
oof we've talked about this subject a
little bit before in the past but I'm
really curious do you mean by that
we did is it because they had a summer
house you don't think black people can
have summer houses because they weren't
poor because they deliver in the hood
because they didn't do drugs what do you
mean Triax what do you mean by their
blackness wasn't important what do you
mean by that didn't okay so by
comparison the Captain Marvel didn't
feel like an agenda loaded like attempt
to like have more there hasn't been a
lot of black representation sure and
like as like starring roles in the media
but I I kind of I know I found myself
there was a lot of shots were just like
you know black happy families but it
wasn't like I'm sure I mean maybe I may
have words incorrectly here but I was
trying to like I was actually trying to
agree with a point you made in a prior
podcast where I called out the the
perceived notion that uh is a tracer I
forgot on overwatch very well here but
the tracer being being gay was like was
a thing I was confirmed and like some
and not in the game but on some of my
grandma comic in the media uh-huh and
the media depicted for the cast of
overwatch and and you can't gave me the
argument that yeah well does there have
to be a
a specific like organic reason for her
to be gay yeah okay woman I'm half ugly
I'm just don't worry God but I agree
piece of [ __ ] okay you guys know I agree
I agree adrene is just like another
normal family I don't know I thought
about the force diversity though like
did every single member of the family
have to be black like did they really
couldn't cast like a white kid or
something for the [ __ ] but yeah keep
going
yeah I like that I actually liked how
was um was nothing here to I liked I
liked how was shot I mean I -
cinematography extra obviously but I um
I've seen some pretty terribly shot
films I thought this one was uh was was
had some gray staging here I actually
agree I don't actually notice editing at
all it's not something I'd look for in
phones because I'm a [ __ ] film like
dumbass I just kind of like look for the
stories and characters which a lot of
people really trigger for but I actually
thought there were a lot of shots that
that like looked really nice to this
movie like down at the end when she was
like walking in a corridor and the
camera pans like different rooms of [ __ ]
yeah they're like a lot of shots I
thought were really cool on us like
there were a couple of behind you know
over the shoulder starts meant to give
you that kind of like a POV in a
claustrophobic feel of what's going on I
felt like I felt claustrophobic when she
was in the mirror house I felt the tit I
felt tension there as opposed to I
thought the establishing shots were
really good I never felt like a jarring
you know where are we right now what's
going on you know problems I felt in
every Michael Bay Transformers film
problems I felt particularly I'm
somewhat rigorous people here problems I
felt especially in Star Wars rogue one
where I'm just like where are we right
now like there are so many transitions
between planets and rogue ones first 45
minutes I don't know where the [ __ ] we
were by like the 30-minute mark honestly
and yeah get out and having those
problems for me and I felt it was like
really pretty looking at really well
shot sure do um I really really liked
the music in this film I don't know why
they decided to base everything on that
on the vibe on that song I actually
don't know the [ __ ] name of that song
but it worked really well I thought that
the main track and all of the at the
choir that they brought in I don't think
actually show that off at all in the
trailer but a lot of the scary music is
acquired centric or whatever it works
really well I think it's really cool you
know honestly that was one thing that I
I think I kind of differ on I know so I
love I love the idea five on
being being like swish into like kinda
like a [ __ ] a [ __ ] thing with the
orchestra to take on it um but I felt
like the areas it was using the trailer
we're great but then when I saw those
play out in the actual movie I found
magic kind of off-putting not the
initial not the car scene with the five
on it but the other times later in the
film where they use the orchestrated
version a slower take on five on it
actually finally didn't really it got
stuck me on the move
wait do you know that song yeah this is
a oh man it's actually so interesting
you bring that up because I personally
totally disagree with you however this
is an argument that I've heard where
people say that if you're making a movie
you should never ever use a popular song
in order to do something in the movie
because you lose all control as a
creator over the emotional responses we
don't have that song so for me I have
never heard that song outside of that
movie the five on it songs like hearing
an orchestral version of that like I
have no prior associations I've never
even heard the full song like it worked
for me really well but for somebody like
you or maybe for other people who have
heard that song before maybe it doesn't
really work as well because you're still
like so heavily associated with a song
or you've got like a different way of
hearing it because you've heard it so
much in the past like this doesn't
really work as much that's an argument
I've heard people say before you should
never use like external music for a
movie because you you basically forfeit
control over the emotional response of
an audience based on what they've seen
outside of the movie okay so that's
that's a fair point
um that's actually so let me pause there
so yeah you're right I I'm with the song
I immediately recognized the
orchestrated version when I was playing
late in the movie the problem was when I
heard that um I'm calling back to the
car scene the mic there's you know some
of my mother kids are gonna be a deeper
meaning to why that song was a song they
played and they bombed it over and if in
my observation it really wasn't there
was nothing particular about five on it
in that scene that tied to it being
built up to some kind of like foreshadow
later in the film
oh yeah that's kind of in there but I
was like ok why you're making five on it
more important than it appeared to be
and I understand where you're going with
that so I'm still trying to figure out
the meaning of why why and orchestrate a
five on it other than it sounds cool and
to me there was no reason because I
didn't play back to anything particular
to the car scene yeah
it's actually true for you to build a
song for you to build a movie around
that theme well not really build a movie
but to build all of your main musical
motifs around that theme you the song
should probably have yeah [ __ ] I wish I
knew all the lyrics of the song actually
maybe it does make sense I don't know
I mean I'm you know I mean if we're
already already muted on on YouTube now
miles let's [ __ ] bump the song it's a
banger fam instead of bang oh it's ass
Chad I'll let you know Chad is 5 on a
banger with was it was it ok hold on
wait I'm see the people say they shoot a
lot and its really [ __ ] triggering me
ok people keep saying ok oh man oh [ __ ]
I'm actually so triggered because I saw
somebody type this on [ __ ] reddit and
I knew it was one of those things where
when you talk about certain topics
everybody repeats something and you know
that like one person must have said in
that everybody repeats it for the rest
of time this idea that like the car
scene was a hint that she wasn't the
real lady the whole getting in rhythm
thing was to tell so in the trailer
she's out of rhythm because because it's
a trailer in the way that they cut sound
like there's a whole different [ __ ]
department that works on trailers then
that do the actual movie is a totally
different thing they might not use some
of the shots they might not even use the
[ __ ] audio they might do too many
things in the movie she wasn't rhythm
not only was she and rhythm in the movie
she was actually snapping on 2 & 4 which
is what you're supposed to do right
1 2 3 oh my god I can't do right now cuz
I'm on the spot right but about that but
but she was like totally 100% in rhythm
on the [ __ ] trailer okay
this idea that like it was a big tell
that she was swapped not only does it
not only are you wrong because in the
movie not only is wrong things in the
movie is she is she [ __ ] in in rhythm
it also doesn't make sense to say
because she was swapped at Birth now you
know that it's being revealed because
she was swapped when she was like seven
years old she would've had plenty of
time in her life to learn rhythm it
doesn't make sense to say that like well
because she was when she was six she
couldn't alert music in the next 20
years of her life that doesn't make
sense not only does it not make sense
because that's stupid
it shows that she in fact grew up to be
a [ __ ] dancer so obviously she has
rhythm like growing up like that's
there's so many dumb [ __ ] parts about
Nike see I've seen so many people
internet repeat that claim and I know
it's because that one person I'm [ __ ]
read it yeah I voted to the top of that
thread and said it has a god it's so
stupid yeah [ __ ] sorry okay two things
one I like I just like we were we were
still on the good like what we liked
we're on like oh sorry I just see that
yeah just [ __ ] lunge
you think please [ __ ] push because I
saw like seven people say that [ __ ]
oh sorry I saw like seven [ __ ] people
say that comment and chat in trigger
[ __ ] of me okay anyway I like the music
I liked how you you bring up a bigger
thing here now which is like I hate this
meta of like like the objective truth
about situation is not even people want
to [ __ ] hear anymore because it's all
about the meta of getting the likes and
dislikes like if you want to game
Twitter don't tell them what what what
what really happened
spin the perspective and the context of
the answer you present that makes it in
a way where you can engage and get easy
likes and retweets it's actually [ __ ]
toxic I this something I don't know how
to exactly word it in like a more
overall encompassing way but like I hate
what social media is doing to that now
like like you know I mean you know I
mean like telling the actual objective
truth in situation versus what will get
you more up boats on reddit get you more
likes on Twitter get you more metrics of
responses engagement on on Instagram
gives you more likes and replies in your
comments form emotional engagement on as
if your YouTube content creator like all
these things like there's a very much an
a version in a B version of how to
handle singing and doing anything sure
there's gonna be a point where it's like
it's so far gone that the old the end
games gonna be diluted for cardless of
what whether what is actually true and
what's not
mm-hmm yeah so real quick again just one
more time to 21 seconds of Ko she's
definitely not on rhythm the sound in
the movie is not the same as the sound
in the trailer it's different in the
movie she's actually on rhythm snapping
on 2 & 4 100 okay yeah I agree with you
yeah that pretty soon computer are gonna
be able to like our computers we're
gonna be able to like write reviews for
movies based on like what people want to
hear whatever he I'm sure it's not oh my
god ai ai reviews only think about I do
I don't want to think about like
whatever the [ __ ] yelps gonna be in 50
years Oh anyone think about with [ __ ]
like okay we get now over [ __ ] over
at meta aggregators whether it be
Metacritic or [ __ ] something is like
nonsensical and arbitrary as [ __ ]
Rotten Tomatoes like huh I'm gonna I'm
gonna [ __ ] so box right now
you imagine being such a [ __ ] virgin
that you are mad about a rotten tomatos
Artie meter you're mad about an
arbitrary review aggregator that
determines if a review is either
positive or negative it's either A or B
[ __ ] the nuance in between anything ever
and the only reason and then the turn
the scale for it to be considered a good
movie is a 70% or higher that is like
three layers of arbitrary and when you
get mad about like a movie being like
whatever it on whatever I mean I don't
even get it to mind you I believe Warner
Bros already currently owns Rotten
Tomatoes so it's not even like a neutral
like organization it's already owned by
one of the big six uh just movie
industry companies mm-hmm yeah so I'm
sorry at it's like it that real quick
like that's like yeah what else what
else did you like about the movie all
right so um well you brought here the
editing of the trailer and asked the one
to bring up here it so you're right I
feel like people who haven't in the
movie yet who are still here after
spoilers or some reasoning to also get
further reiterated yes the the mom was
snapping on rhythm in the film unlike
what's depicted in the trailer also the
idea of like how powerful the editing of
some of these trailers are to enhance
some scenes when you saw the the clone
eat the shadow family yeah all in red in
the driveway when they split that like
that chocolate that choc the hand that
nail on chalkboard sound effect doesn't
actually happen in the UH it doesn't
happen that way in the movie remember
that yeah a lot of the trailer is a
little different which is comedy
Levinson yeah it's to give you a better
pain of illustration here like you know
you're seeing sound editing may be able
to like really sell the idea behind a
scene quicker and wrap it and let it
like built over the course of like five
or ten seconds uh-huh so and I guess you
liked about the film him um the okay
acting-wise I don't know a pronouncement
name but a Lapidus I don't know how to
pronounce it but the the mom the the
black mom in the film okay
whatever her name is dude she is she's a
beast dude I [ __ ] I I loved her
throughout the entire film and I
especially loved her depiction as the as
the evil one when she was like I'm
telling I really explained without a
without like I guess her always bones I
should really worry her but like
[Music]
like it felt so organic I actually
really I'm like damn and they really
liked her pauses in her breaks I was
convinced she's actually was struggling
to speak correctly in field
manufacturing at all so I had to give I
have to give kudos to her acting chops
and her her stuff like that yeah it's
really great and what singing right is
it loop it uh could be humble I'm
butchering it I I have no clue I say
this time yeah I might enjoy so I
enjoyed how it was shot I enjoyed the
black yet not explicitly black most of
the family and I enjoyed her acting I
that's what I'm I'm kind of running out
of like oh oh I mean I guess bonus
points to her you know the the kid
actors didn't piss me off like you don't
have to boy I didn't like the little boy
the girl did a good job but the little
boy oh man he was like losing it a lot
of scenes he was like on the edge of
[ __ ] laughter so much I don't that's
what it felt like I really didn't like
the little boy acting I thought the girl
did a good job
yeah I thought there were a couple
changes if saying cuz I don't cuz you
have you have Nathan so maybe you're
more familiar with that age group and
how they would depict themselves so
maybe I'm just ignorant to like children
or whatever and I cuz I didn't i didn't
see that like I'm baking a like when I
think a bad crafter I think a [ __ ]
Chanukah from from from Stars episode
one true although he had a lot more to
carry yeah yeah that was like you know
just abysmal script but might even
really mad that character at that point
but just like you know you just knew
that it was like mm-hmm
you know a lot that kid that honestly do
so okay but yeah that's a but yeah I I
wasn't thinking out by the mother
cutters knee at any point but I yeah I
yeah
that's a I think it's about it really I
enjoyed I said those all right I'm gonna
let us off then because there's a lot I
don't like oh yeah I'm gonna lead us off
and a big [ __ ] problems okay he was
my burst big problem I do this movies
all the [ __ ] time I'm ready for the
audience get triggered okay when when
the beginning of the movie happened it
became very obvious very quickly well I
want to say that but it was fairly
obvious that a swap had taken place
right when the mom is crying to the
therapist and and the mom is like like
oh I just want my daughter back and the
camera pans to the girl and it's like
it's pretty clear that something has
happened Riley
if you're kind of thinking it's like
okay I when that happened I thought the
movie was gonna go in a totally
different direction I thought that what
was gonna happen was and I like my
version way more I thought there's no
way more interesting what I thought was
gonna happen was I thought that when the
lady was gonna come look with it with
the other with the old family - uh -
kind of like kill all the people
whatever I thought it was gonna be
revealed right away that a swap had
taken place and that you were supposed
to feel some internal conflict on who's
correct to do what if the other lady was
coming to like get her life back because
she was basically swapped in the
beginning of the movie against her will
and then thrown into some [ __ ]
underworld and now she has the
motivation to come up to the surface and
to try to get her life back I thought
that that was like the direction that
the movie was gonna take and that you as
an audience member wouldn't really
necessarily know like who's in the
writer who's in the wrong see I actually
know if I if I may now mm-hmm
I actually had a similar thing not yours
is like a more thought an area about
thoughts gonna be like you know uh a
giant thing about black-on-black crime
and really like who's in the right here
is it is it the blacks committing crimes
again is it the blacks robbing the
blacks because they they need money and
they're at a starvation of
socio-economic patterns or is it you
know is it really the off-screen you
know flag event premiere the off-screen
whites who have led to these like racist
socio-economic tendencies that have
forced blacks to attack their own kind
and who's really in the wrong here I
thought it was gonna be something like
that based off the first trailer but
your scenario applying the spoilers into
it now he's actually my opinion better
than what the film actually did yeah and
that my biggest problem with my with my
take on things is that not only they did
not end up that way the the twist at the
end actually felt totally Hollow and
empty and stupid and pointless to me it
felt like I don't want to say like an MC
and I and I it felt worse don't I was
like what the [ __ ] was doing and
revealing that like I I agree it was the
point
you played into all the foreshadowing of
the opening scene of the commercial but
like what yeah and if you wanted to like
do that switch it would have made more
sense if she was swapped in my opinion
at a later age because like the fact
that she swapped at five years old or
whatever like I don't care that she was
swapped like the woman that you see
right now has grown up her whole life
pretty much living the life she did she
married the man she did she met she had
her children like that's the real mom
like whether she was a tether or not
like that's like the real mom [ __ ] it
now if she had been swapped at like 20
or like 25 like after she'd already met
the husband then the switch-up like oh
[ __ ] like there's some funky [ __ ] going
there like that's not even really the
real woman like that switch is crazy you
know but like she was swamped at five
like [ __ ] I don't care she grew up her
whole [ __ ] life this way like she's
as real as anybody other you know I
don't know that's yeah no III get that
for you I get that too there was like a
there's also points of like how do I put
this here like kind of I'm not really a
family was like exposition dumps a
little bit here in there no are you
talking about when she's explaining like
the government [ __ ] dude that needed to
be totally cut out of the movie they
should have kept it it came to a crawl
Mike marrow we still on this now she's
still explaining this [ __ ] they should
have kept it very ambiguous like oh like
below the planet there are like a shadow
people that live lives and the shadows
of you and the way like some [ __ ] like
that and then left it at that like going
into this like the government tried to
control people to control people on the
surface and then they abandoned the
project in 1972 but the I think I'm
exaggerating a little like yeah be like
shown not told right that's that I think
that saying or whatever but like yeah
that was just like let me tell you about
all these things that happened you have
they just like sit here and like turn on
your brain and like just [ __ ]
actively like a classmate they actively
listened into taking everything yeah
yeah and then like it also made um there
was a line that could have hit like way
harder but I didn't feel the impact at
all when they were like what I don't
never what part of movements you like
what are you whatever I feel like we're
Americans or whatever and it's like ah I
don't know if you've done enough in the
movie to like earn like a big like punch
line like that we're like it really pays
off like I feel like we didn't really
get enough to like lead up to that you
know actually I don't remember that's
how this how I'll probably already
passed over me honestly oh damn well we
had the the the I don't know maybe I've
watched enough horror films boss like
the pacing was a little bit uh like it
bloated honestly I would have rather
this had been a 90-minute film then
because it was it was two hours long it
was 18 minutes
yeah the pacing is I guess it didn't
feel that long to me I thought it was
okay in terms of pacing in terms of like
keeping the difference between the
action and the comedy and the downtime
of the uptime and all that ya know there
was like try think you're the Bobby I
could be unfamiliar though I could be
unfamiliar because it's easy for me to
say that I was like I was born
in hindsight because I now know what
happened and when it happened but
perhaps if it had been like sped up
further my immersion may have been like
taking out because it was like
unconvincingly happening at an
accelerated rate so I really can't say
until I have watched I guess more movies
like this I can just say that like get
out to me flies by and us to me drags
with the resolve of what's going on here
like what did I because it could because
the payoff of the whole the ending was
like so I don't know
mild to me like like you said like I'm
like when I'm like the the twist that
came with like get out I was like oh oh
[ __ ] like you because then you
immediately want to like you want to
reevaluate the entire beginning to end
again which is something that US has to
do that but you know that's a satisfying
template for a twist this is a extrusion
payoff do the lady that come up did she
even know that they were switched at
birth I'm actually not sure or not at
birth but when they were five does she
even know that which girl you ask about
the way so no no I'm sorry though um is
it a delayed her cuz that her name the
main character the main woman's name the
mom I just call her mom mom bad guy that
came up yeah the mom bad guy that came
up the shadow mom well who wasn't
realization I'm to achieve and know that
they were switched when they were 5
years old because I'm not fully
convinced that she even knew which also
like takes away a lot from it too that
is true actually you know anything about
that part because like she seemed like
very surprised that she was like it's
like yeah like I'm the one that they
chose to rise up and lead the shadow
people to the service blah blah blah and
it's like well that's cuz you're not one
like are you aware of that like I don't
know it seemed like how could she forget
that it seemed like she didn't really
know about it because like why wouldn't
she mention that at all they're like I'm
here to get my life back or I'm special
because I'm not actually shadow person
because you switched me like why
wouldn't she reference that at all and
any part or even hint towards it wasn't
even a hint towards that it almost feels
like she didn't actually even know yeah
you're right
I also thought here okay there's no
thing whenever the film was going on
whenever um whenever so confuse about
Cara shadow mom that I call like no real
mom Alma okay whatever whenever real mom
throughout the white family's a little
condo thing right and
they they thought they had killed the
twin sisters earlier on but then like
you know one of the men survived so she
has to like go back in there and kill
the twin sister
what unquote a second time and she does
like that like that violent like stab
and then she comes out like the blood
spurts everywhere like that moment of
her like like really being into like oh
yeah the chalice when I'm like are they
gonna merge like so there was a wild
waters going in direction where like if
you kill your shadow twin they merge and
it reveals that you know that you're I
don't know couldn't like a big thing
about like how you know there's two
sides to every person excels you become
one everything yeah whatever yeah yeah
yeah or something like that like but
that's another thing they don't like
right so especially in those scenes I
want to say that happens twice I can't
remember the second time where you can
see like oh [ __ ] she's like not not like
turning but she's like oh man she must
be like a shadow mom I think there's
another problem that happens this is
actually there is okay yeah this is
getting into like the meta commentary at
every but this is why I don't like if
you're like oh well you don't understand
you're not looking at it right it's
supposed to be that the shadow people
represent like the poor like the
lower-class
like oh so lower-class people are like
crazy murderers that like our evil
[ __ ] people that are like the yeah
that's a lot of people are going with
that like that's like the broader
interpretation that what Jordan Peele is
going for is that like these people that
live underground like their America
that's why they said we are Americans
like they're Americans just like us
they're poor there's a movie about class
struggle and blah blah blah and how like
people on the surface control people
below ground you know and it's like damn
but if that's really we need to go with
like shouldn't you make the people below
ground like be a little bit more
sympathetic there isn't like even in the
Captain Marvel movie the crog's or
whatever the [ __ ] the one ailing guy see
you feel sympathetic towards those guys
you know like they change free no no not
that Korea the name of the [ __ ]
aliens rolls
yeah the scrolls yeah that's it yeah but
like damn like an ass of like if blower
class people are like really like that
man maybe we should [ __ ] kill them
all I call he [ __ ] like a [ __ ]
horrible people like damn you know
crog's like frogs with the cave drugs
keep talking about the movie Co it's
like you know it's like fork and fork
knife I think it's hilarious
so don't mean excited mic at Marvel
someone's gonna call them crooks from
now on like [ __ ] that's me that's
when you should post them I'm gonna tap
into that one if I need it okay
oh they also should have gotten rid of
the whole story about like the line I
don't know dude I felt like there was
too much like that about them forming a
line across America like yeah
that's me like honestly just if we can
be really really really ending the
actual ending didn't feel satisfying I
was like that's it okay so I'm really
big on um maybe I get this from too many
superhero movies whatever bright but
when you have ending conflicts I like it
when conflict resolution is done
illustrating something that a character
learned earlier on in the film so for
instance if the same character in the
beginning of the film were to try to do
with the character at the end of the
film was doing they wouldn't be able to
do it because they'd missed some
essential lesson or some essential piece
I don't understand why when mom and
shadow mom were fighting in the basement
the shadow mom was always like kind of
like one step ahead or the real mom
acting like it was always like one step
ahead of the other one
but then randomly the mom just killed
the other one at the end why what did
she do that changed that she was able to
just stab her like yeah no I agree oh
yeah that was very anti-climate like
super unsatisfying what the [ __ ]
happened like I thought at the very
least like her her boy was gonna be
running out it's like oh well her love
for her childlike convinced her to do it
or some [ __ ] like that but it wasn't she
just like Reina like turn around and
just stabbed her as like okay I don't
know why she now she's able to kill her
when she missed like 27 hits in a row
earlier because of the way they're
tethered together but hmm yeah I I don't
know that that was another one too and
then there was a what else was there I
was like other things I didn't like
about the film there was too many
contrived like areas like III usually
like grant like a little bit of like I'm
not gonna be like well why are you
running in a straight line instead of
running to the side like I try to like
lead like a little bit of [ __ ] slide
because it's a movie and I understand
right but I felt like there were too
many contrived scenarios on this and it
really like hurt a lot like for instance
like we're going right yeah I was gonna
say okay yeah like there were too many
moments where it's like like when when
the family initially broken like why not
just kill them immediately why like why
sit them all down cuz the white family
got killed immediately why would you sit
there and talk to her and be like oh
it's cuz they wanted him to suffer and
torture him well okay well no I didn't
nobody get tortured they just [ __ ]
like hit him in the face and they try to
kill him like nobody had torture like
what the [ __ ] so I love that okay I'm so
happy birth eventually cuz I I had that
same thought process of Mike okay well
why let the men why even why even
appease their [ __ ]
whatever whatever they're there they're
gonna want to ask you there clearly and
meeting your property and I thought okay
you know I'm like no no that's too
obvious I'm being too nitpicky let me
just I'm just gonna I'm gonna tack that
I'm a [ __ ] in that one I'm gonna come
back to it later they're gonna
definitely address that never gets
addressed I'm just like I actually
forgot I was mad about that at one point
so you're right that's a that's a really
good point to bring up actually yeah um
yeah I don't I don't even know you're
right right and especially especially in
the white family house why did they take
the one black mom hostage I don't know I
wouldn't kill early what the [ __ ] were
they ever gonna do with the yeah it's
never it's never really um yeah it's
never really explained I don't think
yeah it's like super secret I've
confused on that one yeah oh and then
also the big deal
the little boy like being able to
control the shadow and walk him back in
the fire that seems like a pretty big
deal and it's done like one time in the
whole movie out I was Charles trying to
get to his gonna saying the the boy able
to like do the the mere movements I feel
like that would have been like that
should have been used I thought I was
gonna get used to like do like so I
thought I don't know about I think I'm
like okay that the end is gonna be some
some crazy ass set piece
whenever the excited you know in the
trailer you know they're eventually in
the daytime where the moms running
towards that the car on fire am i cool
so in the daytime there's me the sick
ass thing where like the kid does the
mirror movements and I'm like cause some
like some like team dynamic to occur you
know the combination of him doing an
obnoxious movement he's gonna paralyze
one of the other ones doing something
else it's gonna like be this cool big
payoff thing and it just kind of didn't
really do much I just like you know kill
the kid or whatever I was gonna be like
much more and more and more
opportunities of the whole family
mirroring the movements and doing some
kind of like I almost thought that in
the end Donna because the mom whatever
because I think the mom watched the one
kid walking to the fire I almost thought
at the very end that that's how that
fight was going to resolve that she
would have remembered back to the kid
walking in the fire and she would have
connected the dodge and that she would
be there like backed up or walked the
woman off a cliff or had done something
like that yeah and then even at that
point if because if something like that
would have happened where the mom would
have realized that she can control him
or whatever and then um and then the
woman would have revealed that it was
actually swapped and then you would have
felt like that banging like oh [ __ ] whoa
no I don't know who I
- like wouldn't this battle because this
lady's trying to get her life back and
then and then she would have killed her
like I don't know I felt like there are
so many different ways but Freddie just
like flip around and just stab her it's
like okay I don't know whatever yeah
the the other moment of massive
contrived this to me was like whenever
like whenever the elder daughter is
driving the car and it's like okay so
you had to have the I don't know this I
thought that woman it's not it's not a
big deal but I knew that you know there
would be consequences due to her driving
that's the thing I saw a mile away you
know it's like the girls insisting on
driving because the mom has her
handcuffs the dad is like I don't know
whatever beat the [ __ ] up whatever and
the kid can't drive so she has to drive
and her drive was gonna cause some kind
of parallel to occur that would be only
specific to her driving at that point so
it seemed a little too critical and I
was like kind of like hoping that wasn't
gonna be the case like it would be I was
like kind of like sway away from that a
little bit more mm-hmm but I don't
actually I don't you recall if they ever
did or not sure yeah yeah I don't know
no no no I remember now the car stops
and then the shadow mom gets out and
like hunts down go like goes into the
woods to like oh yeah that was pretty
crazy and she's already dead or it ever
yeah I'm just like I don't know I'm just
like I don't know maybe I'm overthinking
a little bit here but it's like you know
you're you're going out there you don't
really have a strong advantage right now
cuz it's nighttime why not just like I
don't know like we like get more
lighting and get more advantage first
before you hop out there or just drive
away I don't know yeah are you playing
call of duty are you are you playing the
tactical shooter right now which one is
it cuz like I wouldn't [ __ ] do some
[ __ ] you know it's a [ __ ] one man
per army [ __ ] right now
yeah there was a lot of like um oh god
remember when the black dad was learning
the white dad out of the house with the
bat why didn't he just hit him why did
he have to take him to the boat like it
can't just be for the flare gun gag
right like when I just beat him up with
a bat right there like hmm yeah you're
actually right about that too actually
he spends like a whole like a minute of
screen time like luring the guy into the
boat and it's like why not just hit him
with your bat like you're literally
holding it like just hit him like three
times like what the [ __ ] are you doing I
don't know it's like really weird yeah
so we we've we've picked the movie apart
here there before we get to I guess like
a conclusion I guess I kind of wanted to
like bring it back to like so why does
in your opinion why does get out work so
well
and then us doesn't work well or doesn't
work as well should say so like this has
been my main complain about every
[ __ ] movie ever say that I don't like
and so I'm gonna love you the same
[ __ ] one it felt like you know how
like you remember in school used to be
like a brainstorm and then you would do
like an outline and then I first draft
in a second draft right of course yeah
so like sometimes when I watch movies it
feels like a lot of stuff from like a
brainstorm made it to the end and that
if you would have just edited it out and
cleaned the movie up lot you could have
been way more concise with your message
I really appreciate like I'm gonna be
like get out felt like very tight the
entire time like every scene that was in
there needed to be in there the
messaging and everything for the movie
all the characters yeah everything like
was like it was razor [ __ ] tight from
one scene to the next everything was
there and then in us there were a lot of
ideas that I felt like needed to be
scrapped entirely so like friends like
talking about like the government shadow
people like that all of that probably
needed to be tossed the thing with the
line I don't know I just wasn't feeling
it as much like it felt like that movie
could have been cleaned up a lot and
then really honed in more on like a
singular message or a couple like key
themes that would have like brought it
together in a much more neatly wrapped
package that's kind of a feeling I got
yeah yeah no I agree I was see this it's
gonna suck I was we're looking--we're
extra gonna have more of like a diverse
take on this whole thing here um so I
could like so we can finally I can
excited to pay for the DT podcast
audience but and I'm gonna suck I'm
shutting to you once again but I promise
you I'm not because I actually was going
to say the same exact thing I feel like
appeal did not have like as
authoritative of an editing staff this
time like he wasn't called out to like
refine on like you said a second or
third draft of the script
mm-hm because it has a higher runtime
has less focused has like more just like
I feel like more attempts for metaphor
but maybe a little too many at one time
I certainly know really where you want
me to go will you I'm gonna feel the
very end of the film um and and yeah I
like that it was when I see now ridden
producing written produced and directed
by Jordan Jordan Peele I'm a little more
like yeah I'd be a little I get out I
don't have those same as that thing or
not get out I'm like yeah written
produced and directed by one guy I loved
it it was sick I'm looking at it now I'm
like yeah you could use some staff man
you can use a little more a little more
heads in the fish tank right now to help
you get it refined
tight huh cuz I feel like I feel like
get out said more got more done in less
one time
yeah for sure yeah yeah though I'm kind
of curious I'm wondering if I would have
a I am one excited we go back to my
original statement here about the fact
you know if they would have been a
90-minute film would have been better
like you know if you cut out well if
they would've been forced to cut a lot
of them all the bloke [ __ ]
particularly the expositions up at the
very end or at the at the middle of the
film I might I might have actually
enjoyed it more yeah maybe yeah so okay
well then let's bring it now down to
conclusions so ultimately you know you
forced me to throw you a six or seven
out of ten which oh my skill here I'm
thinking you know five out of ten to
average I do think it's uh I think that
the think it's an above-average film
like barely cuz there's just there's so
many things there are things I like but
there's a lot I don't like and we're
just giving a lot of time to focus on
the things that we don't like just
because cuz we're contrarians who want
to like you know flex on the on the
unfortunate reality they don't look as
much like the first one okay but um but
yeah I still think um you know I'm
looking at it now I'm like it's a horror
thriller it it didn't require it didn't
like it didn't do all the abysmal [ __ ]
I'm used to in the tropes of horror
scenes where it's like you know it's the
[ __ ] jumps you know Cameron Cameron
super cuts in to jump jump cuts or jump
scares everywhere like all that [ __ ] I'm
actually really happy I didn't have to
like it you know you use atmospheric
tension through late ability of what
character being in like you know payroll
or immediate danger I enjoy that so much
more than just like jump scared jump oh
okay maybe this is my basic coming out
maybe you can explain so what the [ __ ]
is the [ __ ] at the point of bunny so
what is the symbolism there no actually
I had no clue I actually didn't wanna
reveal that I'm stupid
I don't wanna reveal that I'm like I
guess I get the enemy when they're
walking to the hallway the bunnies are
all out so it symbolized that the shadow
people like Godfrey but like what the
[ __ ] was like and the bunnies are
obviously represent like red eyes too
right they were like so I don't know if
that meant like the bunnies were also
heathered or
yeah I don't know I felt like there was
so much like symbolism please you know
like I don't know man I didn't get it
yeah
I didn't get it at all either like I
tried to figure it out to him I gets
abandoned tunnel so why would bunnies be
down here I guess but like mm-hmm or
maybe they were also experimented on to
at some point but I you know it's like I
don't know I right there with you I
couldn't figure out what myself either
nothing really gave me an obvious
connection to it okay people are saying
like well they're going down the rabbit
hole
but I don't know okay actually let me
just one point here um I actually did
not love movie sort of discussion I said
I was excited to give a contrasting
opinion I actually thought I thought
destiny loved the movie and I was ready
to actually give him a an opposing
viewpoint for a debate I was hyped for
actually debate I didn't know that he he
thought it was all so mediocre to to him
or or or whatever you thought above
average whatever that that's so if
you're going back to earlier I was hype
for a debate not because ins movie was
that was great
uh-huh I'm sad to report I did not a I
am I did not so that is a that's us
it was like one more thing about that
oh okay so remember last week I told you
how I'm a live-action Akira film was
something that that I Jordan the Jordan
passed on okay in order to do us right
cuz Warner Bros holds the rights to do
the dual Akira and there they shocked
him at one point well get the stuff here
here's some exciting news now here's
here's something that uh that Jordan
Jordan I found out the other day that
Jordan Peele wants to do ready for this
one mm-hmm
I heard he wants to do a gargoyles he
wants to do a live-action gargoyles film
[ __ ] like the cartoon like the cartoon
yeah oh that [ __ ] actually can we can
we can we commit right alright if I get
the if you get to watch can I get one
song I can we watch the gargoyles
opening like the cartoon opening I want
you I want you to remember how [ __ ]
how [ __ ] ass this thing actually is
good here is like a Rick this is like a
totally [ __ ] random thing I can't
even I don't know how the human brain
works I even still have this because I I
have not thought about this in probably
15 years do you remember playing the
gargoyles game for the Sega mm you never
play this game
I remember seeing it in blockbuster but
I never got to play it though I did look
badass though okay that was a game I
only played because it was on the second
channel but yeah holy [ __ ] okay I
remember that god damn okay you want to
watch The Gargoyle opening theme yeah
yeah I need I need I want you to rewatch
this and think about how this was a
[ __ ] thing in the night like in the
like 94 like mid 90s and how dark and
moody and at all the cartoon yeah and uh
yeah they look [ __ ] and then well I
want to come back and see if you like it
are you are you excited for if Pele gets
a gargoyles movie okay ready
give me yeah I'm ready three two one
gargoyles
[Music]
betrayed by the humans we had sworn to
protect frozen and stolen by a magic
spell
years
No
[Music]
defenders of would like we are gargoyle
hey guy you happy
yeah well that to be fair I was like a
[ __ ] like VHS like mega poverty rip
so the atmospheric immersion was like
probably like three out of ten oh sure
good just [ __ ] sounds like goddamn I'm
like a VHS tape or whatever but watch
shows SWAT cabs crying out oh yeah dude
with the [ __ ] supremely overkill
it's horriffic it was like it's so walk
cats has the most 90s opening I've ever
heard in my [ __ ] life dude like it's
pure guitar riff and nothing else which
is perfect okay um okay why are we
talking about girls Oh cuz Jordan Peele
wants to do a live act yeah he wants
yeah he's interested in doing uh he's
expressed in an interview at some point
the past he was interested in doing the
live-action gargoyles adaptation and do
you think that uh and is that it not in
a post us world is that a good thing or
a bad thing
well I mean like well let's rollin let's
blitz dial this back for a second the
response to us
we're just friend me up has been
overwhelmingly positive so I mean like
it's you know like we might not like it
but this movie is not hurting him you
know actually I didn't look at the I
haven't looked at the any of this stuff
actually I don't look at any reviews oh
I mean the the tomato meter on Rotten
Tomatoes gives it a 95 percent so I mean
oh yeah sure although the audience score
was only 72 percent yeah okay that's
what I saw I didn't see that I saw that
there was a big gap between our audience
score and critics war mm-hmm what does
Metacritic we already know how I feel
about the rock though about the Rotten
Tomatoes a critic score yeah
ran on that earlier today Metacritic
gives it an 81 and then forget out they
gave it in 84 yeah I don't know I feel
like there's a big difference between
these two movies I didn't do feel like
oh it was like way better but yeah yeah
big time okay well so on that note then
now we've concluded pretty much our
entire reaction to us what is it next
film you're excited to see are you gonna
see live-action Dumbo
or are you chilling until Avengers or
like it's like the girl that I usually
hang out with on Saturdays is really big
into movies so we are Friday's really be
no movie so we usually try to see a
movie every
Friday but I'm not sure what's playing
now hopefully I don't have to start
digging into like the the boring movies
I'm not sure what's out right now that
would be worth saying what do you think
give me an assignment oh wait oh I'm not
gonna say anything because um I'm gonna
PAX East hey there you go what should I
say what's like playing now that would
be the next thing I see the next major
thing is Dumbo and that's like that's
kind of I was like no you should see the
second next thing though from well if
you're a Tim Burton fan
again I'm not to me Tim Burton's I kind
of mix back I do think the Tim Burton is
a very specific style that is to be
admired but Tim Burton kinda has like a
it's kind of a mixed bag over the last
20 years for me like half his films III
like the other half I'm like yeah
passable
so are you is this him oh he did Dumbo
yeah well dude Disney money fan like
[ __ ] it like oh [ __ ] wait dude is it
like a standard family felt well cuz now
I kinda sorta want to see it we talked
about any of the Apple [ __ ] today good
Laura could have [ __ ] ran it on this
because I wasn't saying like hello did
you let you do not watch the Apple
conference with Apple TV plus with like
you saw with who they had knew that was
all that's money it's like no wait
what's the UH I don't have my money
Apple [ __ ] oh my god okay well how much
time do we have left years I thought I
don't want to like I think we're already
on a two-hour mark it's like a whole
nother topic on what a good oh yeah like
20 minutes left if I can hit it up um so
Apple had a conference on Monday where
they they are now entering the services
category we're not just trying to shill
phones in your face all [ __ ] day long
and they revealed four new things
Apple arcade which is gonna be a premium
gaming subscription service where you
know if you're tired of like going
through all the garbage through your
through your iOS App Store fine games
have their own category on the App Store
now you can pay a set fee for a month
and get like these ultra premium games
that are being backed by mandated
studios under Apple's creation so they
have so Apple arcade that's one by the
way no price announced here so get your
size you get use this trend no price
announced coming later this fall to
Apple news plus Apple News currently is
a news app that creates a bunch of new
sources including you know various ones
Fox News CNN yeah kind of like Google
already does
on their phones but yeah correct yeah
well Apple news plus is like them taking
that and adding in further uh the
ability to get magazines so they have
over three hundred magazines National
Geographic Sports Illustrated
you know Vogue etc right um you'll be
able to for ten bucks a month subscribe
to all these magazines digitally and
consume them on any device you want from
Apple and also I don't know if it select
ones or all of them will have enhanced
presentation where it's gonna be
formatted for your phone particularly so
like rabbit like have to like you know
skim a page and might you know pinch to
zoom to finally know to read the article
in the corner or whatever like cuz it's
a paying to a page layout it's all
dynamic and like mental I do like an
Apple website just kind of like you know
big page or big picture and then swoosh
to infographics and swoosh to small text
to big text so dynamic page layouts
formatted for a screen rabbin for a
magazine page okay um that's ten bucks a
month that that got announced is coming
out that's out now that's two so Apple
arcade news plus the the third one the
one I find probably is most interesting
here is an apple card they're getting
into the credit card business where um
where so you can now apply for an apple
card and the big thing about it is the
Apple card whenever you use it it's
tethered to Apple pay or not tethered
but it's like it's it's meant to
reinforce using Apple pay and when the
app it's an app so it's automatically
paperless and all the annoyances of a
credit card statement you know we have
to like figure out how much how much
interest are being charged in real time
if you pay a certain amount of money
it's all simplified for you with no no
obnoxious fees involved as far as like
maintain the card and whenever you do a
charge you know sometimes where you
would see like the charge itself is like
you know at some you know if you get a
gas station like or you buy something at
the mall and you can't tell like what
the statements even from cuz it's a
vague address or whatever now the the
geodata reinforced them like Apple maps
will now let you know exactly where the
charge was from yeah I actually like
that especially somebody that I'm if you
if you have like family cards like so I
share one of my cards with Rachel in
case she have anything for Nathan or
first off whatever should and sometimes
every now and then I'll see like a
random charge show up and it'll be like
WBC like
what the [ __ ] that is you like look it
up online I don't like this is that's
actually like really helpful yeah and
you have no clue where it is there any
that you can even like figure out
calling without calling the 1-800 number
to figure out what a location flash it
was yeah so yeah it's gonna have it has
a revamp app it's like giving a
much-needed overhaul to competition for
the linear the linearity of being able
to consume what the [ __ ] you're you're
paying on your credit card every month
mm-hmm
and but yeah it's meant to do expected
like you know overhaul the experience
you get the Apple card you get um you
get three percent back on all Apple
stuff directly you get two percent back
on anything let me use an Apple Apple
pay which is no reinforcing the idea of
furthering that you say like Jefferson
cash back on every purchase or yeah yeah
very generous Syria 2% cash back on all
Apple on app what anytime use Apple pay
correct o if you can use Apple pay their
you'll get two percent back and and you
get daily cash you don't get you know
you don't get a kickback at the credit
card statement time you get daily cash
back and it's real cash you can get out
of your Apple wall at that point so
they're giving you a pretty they're kind
of like blowing out I say blowing up
they're kind of like trying to blow out
the the the competition I'm like I know
that like Google pigs it's on all across
all Google platforms but I don't like
they have a card for it or anything yeah
so it so it does all that and you and
you can get a physical card as well
that'll let you get 1% on anything else
mm-hm and it also pasta to daily cash
back the physical card they didn't
comment on it little cost to acquire
something it's gonna be free um the
fizzle caught the physical card also
doesn't have any great part numbers on
it the entire thing is you know
obviously is super secure because it's
not he's not using it's using a dynamic
number per transaction and from what I
understand I guess it wasn't really
confirmed directly the applecart again
with a number on it would would talk to
your phone locally to generate a number
at that time the transaction so you're
like extra secure or whatever is you
can't you can't get a crap are number of
guests sure not sure I feel that I don't
think about it more but yeah so so yeah
there so there's all that that's the
third so Apple news plus Apple arcade
Apple card and then the last one here
the point I'm relevant to the ship host
here is an Apple TV Apple TV once again
coming up they're just
no price point we'll have at least 10
shows that are all like hyper high
budget like they got some [ __ ] big
names dude Ron Howard the director of
Ron Howard I did um [ __ ] what it would
lead directly recently solo Star Wars
film they have JJ Abrams Steven
Spielberg Jennifer Aniston Steve Carell
[ __ ] Wyatt lined up to do one project
or a bunch of projects sir
no everyone I'm aiming here was like one
project or more uh Reese Witherspoon
they got a [ __ ] ton of Triple A
celebrities Sesame Street they're making
a Sesame Street spin-off called help
stirs which is a help a monster that
helps so you're a help stir and it's
supposed to be like Sesame Street but
like how how to help people and solve
problems using code so it's like
teaching young kids how to code early on
which is like a very you know I think
good thing so um but yeah at Sesame
Street Sesame Street's imaging and
branding being used for to spin off of
it and they have all these things going
on right here
and then lastly Oprah Oprah will have
her own show on the whole thing and at
which point when you have Oprah and
again I'm sure you were familiar with
here
Oprah's clout is ridiculous Oprah's Book
Club
like literally stampedes and becomes the
automatic bestseller of whatever she
wants to be so when you have Oprah you
um you win period it doesn't even matter
if like Apple TV's a comically a
woefully inadequate subscription source
because it only has like you know 1% of
what Netflix offers her same price a
month mm-hmm when you have Oprah you win
is that good so the thing here all
spring about this entire thing is the
fact that um you know I was bringing up
money because they're all being paid I
promise you you know Apple sitting on
like you know over it over a quarter
trillion in cash literally with the rest
of it being buried overseas for to pay
taxes so you you know damn well that
they have like you know they could
easily pay everyone like whatever
whatever their going rate is in
Hollywood on their best day let's give
them double like [ __ ] like like if a
like a foot like it Will Smith gets 20
million a film Tom
20 million a film if JJ Abrams gets 10
million to direct the film I would take
all their figures double it minimum cuz
cuz it's that good like you you got a
you cuz you're coming into the streaming
space you're coming into Netflix domain
you know 10 years later and you're Apple
you can you can do what you can here but
you gotta you know you gotta throw you
got it you gotta throw it out there form
you got to get this your blazer and make
your service viable to for consumption
so um yeah I I forgot why I bought this
up earlier but whatever I was bringing
before the point was like you know do
they have Apple TV money which was like
you know and you know I would be sparse
of like you know Steve Carell was
getting 40 million for this gig which is
like pretty much up there with Robert
Downey jr. getting paid for any
particular gig for the Marvel Cinematic
Universe now uh-huh so well oh well
that's a so that was that but there's a
lot more to talk about there um in terms
of like if you won't look further into
it maybe the next time but yeah that's
that's what happened with Apple this
week is that a lot of ate a lot of a lot
of stuff while they're really really
vague cuz a lotta has no price point so
we'll see more about that later this
fall okay my only my only hot take
related to that because I don't I mean
Apple does its thing my only thing that
I feel about that mainly about the Apple
card that would be interested to talk
about at some point although I don't
know if you'd agree that much I actually
think I don't think credit card should
be legal in the in the u.s. at least I
think they should outlaw I don't think
they should be allowed they should be
illegal yeah another issue I don't think
credit card should exist I think it's
super fine ever actually pause to
consider this possibility because it's
not gonna happen but I'd love to you
know I'd love to hear more your so I
think the average consumer is
intelligent enough to handle it to be
given that much money at such a high
interest rate it seems a really
predatory that's that's my calculation
what do you mean that's that's wonderful
that's beautiful
that's fine no no you're right I forget
that what is the total amount of
consumer debt right now it's like
there's like nine trillion I want to say
I don't know it's something insane but
like yeah it's it yeah it's something
really really bad and credit card debt
particularly has spiral to like I don't
wanna make up a [ __ ] number do bow I
know it's grown like decade over a
decade like 2002 now it is it is it is
definitely in a worse direction
we're in more credit card debt now than
we ever were before um and it's not like
any better any time soon
sadly those were here though this should
be made illegal um that's interesting
one though I actually would uh what do
you think would happen if that would
happen like if it got like outlaw
tomorrow like would have to be outlawed
and the current debt be abolished to
have a reboot point no I mean usually I
guess why you oh whatever but I just
think um it's just insane like how
horrible people are like managing credit
it just see it just makes me really
uncomfortable I guess well when you will
deposit check in here and talk about why
I think it's because like it's not
really taught in schools like yeah
you're not really taught how to how I
feel taxes work how to manage finances
how even like basic economics I feel
like look I I didn't get a taste of how
economics working so I took high school
civics right that took I'm sorry I took
a financial literacy in high school and
it was an optional class my mom
recommended I take yeah uh uh if I had
never taken that as embarrassing as it
may sound actually um I hope that's a
embarrassing but really it's like I
think I'm not too far gone here because
if you think about I'm sorry see what
way the I didn't know about profit
margin and it's the the concept of
profit margin until I was in tenth grade
I never even thought about like how why
things are what they cost uh-huh she's
never thought about it there's like it
cost that I can't afford it it cost that
I can afford it that's it but until I
saw and talked to a financial literacy I
was like Oh profit margin Oh
supply and demand oh hey that all makes
sense now it's crazy that's never knew
about it yeah and I feel like what I'm
saying right now and admitting publicly
is not too far-fetched because I think
about you know USA's abysmal take on
geography and I'm like well these boys
don't even know like we're [ __ ] uh
most of what was the final clip for you
like um that Egypt is a country
according to that one trumpet is that
correct that Egypt is a continent I
think is I that was a whole lot of dumb
thing but I'm sorry I'm sorry mrs.
yellow C word I was taking content out
in the country yeah yeah yeah the just
the median credit card
or the average credit card debt for
indebted households in the United States
is 9333 dollars and the median household
income of the u.s. like 53 grand so like
that's like people the promise people
view credit cards like if you've got
five K in the bank and you've got a
twenty thousand I owe a lot of credit
like people be was like having like
twenty five thousand dollars to spend
and it's like it's what they don't bro
that's it yeah it's insane to me I don't
know I just I feel like credit card uses
in the United States is like really
really really [ __ ] crazy and then
like it's the only bad here though is it
do we have comparable country data to go
against like like how was Canada's by
comparison um I don't know average
credit card debt Canada the average
amount of credit card in Canada is two
thousand six hundred twenty seven
dollars so it seems like it's much lower
much lower yeah the average can you know
is eight thousand pronin consumer yeah
but but their weather sucks no they're
they're like indoors freezing your ass
off like 3/4 a year so they probably
going to the movies are doing anything
cool like we are hmm like us Americans
are high kind of gives you a straight
face I'm sorry nice chap but um [ __ ] it
yeah I uh I think it's a terrible take
they're actually you're not wrong credit
cards credit cards are certainly evil
with our current uh our current average
IQ in the in the USA I mean a financial
literacy it's like really I mean I mean
did I did you hear I mean I say did you
hear but like uh I read somewhere that
like the the average US adults reading
level is a fifth grade reading level and
I'm like that's really bad is it but
didn't if you think about you're like
okay go on a Facebook wall and look at
the average like sentence structure
punctuation lack of lack of grammar like
it's just like look how they construct
their English imagine how well it can
read it so to me it's really not that
far-fetched here that the the the
average American is a fifth-grade
reading level that's probably why
pictures and video are more engaging mmm
I've sung a little fishies Wednesday's
here but like Morgan
like you know the written word or people
were inclined to watch and they aren't
to read [ __ ] mm-hmm knowing that reading
level blah blah the most recent National
Assessment of adult literacy showed that
43% of adults in the u.s. some
ninety-three million people have basic
or below basic literacy skills I wonder
what that means basic literacy skills or
below basic literally literacy skills I
think that what means that they can't
they actually they probably can't read
long long and big words they probably
cannot construct they probably couldn't
couldn't recite to you they might be
able to know like what a noun and a verb
is and you know and basics in structure
but like anything beyond that like if I
write an essay yeah apparently fifteen
percent of Americans have full literacy
which is equivalent to a university
undergrad level which is consistent with
the notion that the average American
reads at a seventh or eighth grade level
which is also consistent with
recommendations guidelines and norms of
readability for medication directions
product information in popular fiction
you know damn well yeah not good one
more thing about the the applecart I
think I'm done I'm done blabbing for
today here don't you have more to talk
about is uh I ultimately create a card
conceptuality aside here I'm kind of
happy it's happening because I'm really
hoping that like that that will incite
the competition the other like credit
cards to actually set their game up and
because above all I really want to see
that that whole like geodata
transaction thing and like a new app
experience like I'm like the quick like
the modern if y'all have a crack card by
the way the modern credit card statement
is [ __ ] awful and it was and it's
awful now and it was even worse before
the UH do you recall the UM the wouldn't
Obama administration um had that that
credit card bill that got passed after
the recession wait a thousand or what
was to put it's awful about him what he
mom I forget the title of it here but it
was like a it was like a credit card
reform act that like it's the thing
where before now that the disclosed to
you if you make the minimum payments
that's actually tell you how much
interest you will occur on a credit card
if you make only minimum payments oh
yeah I work a senator
before that didn't they tell you that
they could just tell you like if you um
they made it no I think I didn't have
any word before in the past but was like
they'd have to tell you like if your
minimum dude was 25 bucks they'd have to
tell you how much interest you actually
would incur if you did only minimum
payments uh-huh the Fair Credit
Reporting Act apparently is what you're
talking about yeah yeah the Fair Credit
Reporting Act um you know that was the
last one we've had anything even near
pro-consumer I feel done in terms of
specifically for credit cards mm-hmm so
um you know seeing like the the credit
card statement experience improved by
being a little bit more transparent and
a little bit better because you not even
trying to tell me where these charges
are happening at I think it'd be pretty
good yeah so so get on a chase get on it
I don't know Wells Fargo Bank of America
you know etc baek's on banks okay we're
good I think we're good I think we hit
up I think we had two hours yeah yeah I
think we're at two hours and 10 minutes
approximately sounds [ __ ] above and
beyond what we need for the way yeah
give me I agree Wells Fargo is [ __ ]
terrible Wells Fargo is awesome dude
last I checked I like 30 to open
accounts there dude you're not lying by
the way I forgot about that
why don't you that again why did they
have basically I think that what was
reported it was like you got paid a
commission for opening a new account for
a customer so a lot of times need go in
they were just kind of like open
accounts for you hoping that you
wouldn't like notice maybe small charges
or whatever and then eventually people
notice like yo I've got like six
accounts here at the floor today would
open extra counts for you illegally and
then because those accounts have like
stagnant balances that probably that
probably didn't dodge them in the
mandated you know $12 a month
basic checking fee people getting
charged for that I don't think it weighs
so much it was like I don't think I
could be wrong I don't think was so much
they did it illegally I think it was
more that it was like in a very shady
way like maybe you would be like talking
to a banker like hey like I need to
figure out how to make my credit card
work and they'd be like oh yeah but hey
have you thought about her savings it
kind of like oh I don't know it's like
hey hey I'll just you go ahead and throw
on up for anything okay sure I guess and
they were just like open accounts for
you chill like that like in a real like
I don't think I don't I could be wrong I
don't think
100 not done like illegally like behind
your back it was he sending a very shady
way to kind of push it on you with that
remember I remember hearing it was
[ __ ] legal [ __ ] dude whatever like
yeah I remember hearing a Luke's trick
it was like blow it out of control
oh yeah maybe I might have gone crazy I
know that like a lot of people found out
like oh I've got like for Wells Fargo
concen I don't know why yeah but yeah
for sure have you heard about this new
savings account we got kid
hey okay people I think apparently they
didn't inform customers that they were
opening accounts for him so okay well
nice yeah do I get a new toaster with my
account nice that's a that was a Spider
Man 2 reference right there for you I
was a Tobey Maguire one or the
homecoming and Tobey Maguire gotcha
whenever I'm a goes to the goes to the
to the bank before Doc Ock robs the bank
safe and she's like really wanting her
free toaster with her account creation
but um but it was like you only get the
toaster if you like put a certain amount
of money in the account so she didn't so
she had already made the account but
didn't get a toaster typical [ __ ]
damn dude that's some [ __ ] up [ __ ] did
she get her toaster brother you know
spider-man 3 no well no sucks for her
let's say that instead of getting a
toaster she had a computer and she
wanted to watch tracks where could she
find you hey she could find me on
twist-out TV slash trihex where by the
way if you guys didn't know this coming
Friday is a big day for me because I'm a
huge yoshifan i speedrun Yoshi and I get
a new Yoshi game once every like 7 years
so here we are now with this Friday
we're getting the Yoshi craft the world
release and I'm and my stream is gonna
be [ __ ] lit um that directory is my
directors gonna have my [ __ ] gonna
have my dick print pow all up on it so I
will see you all day Friday Saturday
Sunday
I'm skipping Dean B Friday because
[ __ ] I gotta play Yoshi all [ __ ]
day y'all so I will see y'all all day
Friday email again I wanna ask for one
day every seven years for Yoshi okay so
um no didn't leave me Friday I'm gonna
be on Yoshi
all day that weekend I will see y'all
there it's gonna be [ __ ] lit look
forward to yoshi island ARP sorry Yoshi
crafted world speedrunning and all that
good stuff on Friday but also you know
today too so I'll see you
all right cool and then I'm Destin you
can see my shadow Destin rgg buy
merchandise at destiny or GG size shirt
do you guys know what you guys know what
the [ __ ] to do
and then yeah let's give her this eye I
should be here next week right I don't
think PAX East overlaps with ya know
yeah I'll be here you should be back by
uh yeah you should be back by Monday
yeah for sure or or or a month supping
[ __ ] oho calm it down there hmm all
right baby
if you eat here if you're not here
Sunday at 6 a.m. PST to entertain me for
my hard-working sub dollar I'm
downgrading my tier from tier forward to
your three [ __ ] to him United Tara
don't get that [ __ ] okay I love you guys
have fun peace out
yep see you next week bye later
[Music]
