all right here we go are you going to
explain your morals one last time as
well probably not if you don't
understand it right now you never will
it's not worth me [ __ ] tearing my
hair out doing this [ __ ] about how some
of his audience has trouble accepting
some of the things that he says like you
know his morality is some of the things
relate to his well view what people
leaves motivate his behavior our actions
that he says that he would be willing to
undertake um I want to show you a clip
from this video and afterwards explain
why I think that is probably the case
this is actually one of the most
difficult things I disarmed ice cream is
that I make a lot of argument in favor
of progressive social policies when I
like probably the most regressive like
twitch stream into my politics there are
a lot I always say things like no I'm
very supportive Asian comes from and
just recently I have pretty big scuse me
my fan base where people were like some
people we know kamsani came up and
people found out like holy [ __ ] this is
like a really really [ __ ] well now I
realize there are a lot of people like
there are pot of me wants to go back in
find my sack textbooks to justify some
of what I'm going to say but I mean Isis
the [ __ ] you to be the maybe watch along
with I just cos it is my news
[Music]
thanks hitman goes on the topic of then
it is true that we don't know what we're
capable of like when people say oh I'd
never eat a person if I was starting on
a on a island somewhere we don't
actually know that to be the case it is
shown in psychology that we are not
innately one way there's only an aspect
of personal context context we act a
large part because of the context of our
senses rather this first whole part is
such a [ __ ] waste of time I can't
even believe somebody would think it was
smart to record such a stupid [ __ ]
waste of time well for the Charlie
problem if there was one person on one
track five people on the other and the
trolley was headed towards five would
you pull the lever to redirect you to
the one hmm
yeah I think I would do that well you
can't truly know you would do that if
you've never been in the situation yeah
no [ __ ] [ __ ] Sherlock the point of a
hypothetical is to test your
philosophical tenacity not to actually
evaluate in a real-world situation how
you would act any single individual
should understand this you really don't
why the [ __ ] would you even talk about
it if you're that far gone if you're so
[ __ ] stupid that you can't understand
that a thought experiment is there to
test like philosophical claims and not
like how do you think you will act at a
100 percent real-world circumstance like
if somebody were to say let's say
somebody breaks into your house okay
they're brandishing a weapon do you
think you would kill this person I would
probably answer yeah probably yeah sure
well you don't know if you really would
in that circumstance destiny well yeah
of course I don't actually know maybe I
would be too scared to find my gun maybe
I'd miss all of my shots maybe I'd
forget to load the gun because I'd be
too anxious maybe I would just cower in
a baby I don't know I'm not I can't 100%
know how I would certainly act in that
situation typically when you're asking
hypotheticals centered around
philosophical ideas you're not saying
like in the real world if this would
occur how would you act 100% well I
can't truly know that everybody knows
that oh then you know something need
apply ourselves as if you find you a
travel person and you think they may be
very vicious though steel comes from a
small child so we don't know ourselves
completely and when Jesse says oh this
is one cable up this is what I do blah
but like when he says oh you know you
put a button in front of me that will
prolong my life for 15 minutes at the
expense of all of you magically I will
kill all humanity I get a little few
minutes longer I would press that button
you don't know that and for a lot of
people no [ __ ] [ __ ] Sherlock Holmes
you're telling me that if I was
presented with such an extreme
hypothetical in a real-life scenario
that I don't actually know how would I
really Wow what would a profound insight
I'm not actually sure if I would push
the button to kill all of humanity but
after watching this video I feel a
little bit more certain that I would it
is so far removed from what you would
normally think people capable of that
it's better to believe that you don't
know yourself well enough that you would
actually do that in their circumstance
all the time I have Evan it's almost
like you would never be able to answer
any hypothetical philosophical question
ever if you had to apply it to a
real-life context and then be nailed
down to a 100% certain answer no [ __ ]
what but like is this contextualism like
when I answer a philosophical
hypothetical it's under the constraints
of my philosophical system it's not
under the constraints of how well I know
I will act in real life how could I ever
know that and in such an extreme
hypothetical of people being self
deluded or not understand themselves
fully I've read studies that talk about
how friends know us in many ways better
than we know ourselves and things like
that
okay I'm gonna I'm not gonna be gentle
today all right this destiny understand
this guy's point he's not arguing
against destiny so anyway people find it
hard to believe that destiny is telling
the truth about his moral system he's
mad for no reason okay your sentence
isn't even wrong so it's hard for me to
even break down this sentence because
about dumb it is so he's not arguing
against destiny no he's not arguing
against me what he's saying is that I
can't make a solid claim about how I
would act given an absurd hypothetical
but I don't disagree with that I'm not
even sure what he's arguing against I
don't know if anybody disagrees with
that he's explaining why people find it
hard to believe that does need some of
the truth the if he is then he's
explaining why every single person
misunderstand what the purpose of a
hypothetical is to test some kind of
reason or logic like it's such a dumb
way to go about it like oh well the
reason why people don't understand is
because well they can't conceive of a
hypothetical okay that what you're not
really answering or discussing or
challenging anything like it's such a
dumb point um but I don't have a great
many evidence in my life of people
caring about nothing but themselves
of course it doesn't surprise us when we
meet people who say they're willing to
do things that we ourselves believe
believe that we're willing to do and say
well of course you want to do that I'm
willing to do that as well
but you will occasionally people who say
I would do X and you you think yourself
I won't do X but that seems less
plausible to me
so usually wait for them to perform
actions that confirm that she was like
but says I'm mean to murder person and
they motor person go don't change they
actually went to motor person I wouldn't
we need to do that in there so at least
you think you wouldn't you learning to
do that in those circumstances but
sometimes you're gonna meet people who
say some things that are so far outside
of your realm of experience in regards
to other people's actions or motivations
um that you're not going to be able to
believe it unless it's really well
demonstrated so this he says I'm gonna
story all of humanity 50 minutes
resistance um have he was evidence of
people being edgy I have he was evidence
of people DeLuna stuffs I've heat so
evidence of people um not know himself I
have no evidence of people and like
people demonstrating in psychopathy the
ability or willingness to destroy
multimatic v minutes resistance I'm so
where am I going to fall yeah in terms
of I must be edgy and self-deluded I
guess what it brought a brilliant
argument Katis god I just want to absorb
he's gonna absorb Hunt intellectual this
argument is I don't think anybody's ever
destroyed all of humanity for 15 minutes
of life but I do know there are some
people who are edgy and self-deluded so
I'm going to totally ignore what the
entire point is of that hypothetical
because I actually don't even know what
a hypothetical is for and I'm just gonna
assume the guy is lying about literally
everything he says because I'm a [ __ ]
[ __ ] explaining this person's word to
me okay straight all humanity 50 minute
resistance and so where am I going to
fall here in terms of this person's
words and their paper um it's it's all
the things I have evidence for it
doesn't know how many times Destiny's
asserted over and over again um it's
it's not gonna become more pause more
just cuz destiny says a lot of times of
course actions speak louder than words
but we only see destiny in front of a
camera doesn't he could walk out that
door and become a completely different
person for all we know as viewers
assuming that destiny knows himself
completely and that he's perfectly
communicating his perfect knowledge of
himself to us is not warranted on any
level right as destiny sometimes notes
many of the positions that he holds um
could be called progressive and these
are usually positions that you associate
with people who are you know care about
other people so when you think about
your expectations for a person who's
entirely selfish you don't get the
positions that destiny espouses of
course this this is just you making a
personal judgement right just because
you think that this is the case doesn't
make it the case we're talking entirely
about what not necessarily what's true
but what if you it is reasonable for
believing I believe I've seen doesn't do
it in a handful of debates where some
will say something like I don't believe
you and he would default to saying like
oh so you're saying that I'm lying or
you you believe I'm lying but that's not
necessarily the kicker bit delusional a
person can believe destiny to be a
hundred cent truthful while still
believing that what he's saying
himself doesn't correspond with reality
I was the biggest miss but a lot of what
destiny says about what motivates his
behavior is to actually test it would be
grossly unethical and the odds of
destiny naturally coming - coming into
contact we have situations where he has
to kill he's in a closed box with with
five other people in the only option for
one person and and so destiny you know
selfishly just kills the other five
people's anyways that's not gonna come
up naturally so is it you we're always
going to be in this kind of limbo where
it's like well we have to accept
somewhat of what destiny says about
himself or we just won't be able to
immerse or gonna be able to you know
engage with his videos or what-have-you
at the same time we can't ever fully
accept his inclusion because they
haven't in headed you know all right
well the video is kind of retired but
I'm sure there's gonna be a plethora of
ingenious insight to be found in the
comment section I agree with this
entirely the promise that destiny seems
to say any place is absolutely zero
value on the well-being or happiness of
others
I think he'd get a lot less blowback if
we just City values that is less than
himself that's not a particularly
controversial statement and probably
applies to a lesser or greater extent to
most people what would even be the
difference what would even be the
difference between these two positions
let's assume that I am that I place
myself here and I place all other people
here let's say that I rate this at 100
and then I rate this at zero okay what
would be the difference between rating
this at zero and rating this at 30 how
does this change anything what does that
even mean
like can somebody can somebody
demonstrate what conclusion or what
problem that would give me a different
answer to if I value myself at higher
than every other person but I view every
other person at 30 percent rather than
zero what the [ __ ] is even the
difference I don't know
because now for other people equals more
than you yeah okay I'm not a winning
aware of any behavior that cannot be
reduced self-interested is what makes
model so appealing hard to disprove it
could be the people do not value the
well-being happiness others but are
genetically a social influence put
another way a person soup kitchen get no
personal satisfaction where they still
do it problem with saying that
everything reduce images is that it
works the same way conspiracy theories
does you but serve something as I make
up story that's kind of sort of make
sense oh nice yeah you're right that's
kind of how I felt a few years ago I
used to think I was clearly selfish
everything for example then I realized
that was way to reduction it's an
altruism is altruism it doesn't really
matter if you think you're doing it out
of self-interest pure self-interest will
always or in most case long as I did
with mine in Destiny's case I'm never
losing standpoint helping those has no
connection to you is about the dumbest
thing you can do and will get you [ __ ]
over much more often than not people
still do it when their position when you
move beyond just feeling good about
helping I mean this is kind of true
right with like kinship drives and
whatnot but he got hardcore downvoted
he's going against the jerk although I
guess you can work with like other
people as well too
but this might be maybe this is stated
too strongly
whenever leaders am i helping those if I
can actually is about the only thing you
know did you even watch the bio lectures
oh [ __ ] I thought I did I think he got a
lot less blowback p-values others was to
himself so any kids unless he'll have to
go vegan will hunt what is valuing other
people have to do the caring about
animals oh wow thanks for attic water
you actually have listened to some of
the things I've said is this what stefan
molyneux feels like when he's the cult
leader he is being too edgy and it's
actually just a normal person destiny
it's like those people on are I am very
badass Wow nice Dustin's behavior done
it change it all after thinking about
philosophy but his descriptions have
whenever his actions are just equal is
amongst a rule based morality which is
idiotic for a true ego as patches four
to five moral systems together it might
makes right egoism contract or me okay a
we just like throwing every time we've
heard over the past month in here or
makes nebulous unverifiable claims
everything everything considered the
only thing so that said the norm is that
he has problems recognizing some of his
emotions and his mind is compensating
with cry oh nice oh good dumpster no I'm
just kidding there you go your
gravestone can stay
what is the point of you having the
conversation if you automatically don't
believe what he says about any
improbable hypothetical it makes any
kind of thought experiment useless for
you to say lol you don't really know
what you would do hmm
destiny lost meaning that past you must
be honest I did appreciate destiny prime
destinies content a lot though yeah same
it seems like he suffers delusions of
grandeur his solipsistic narcissism
doesn't come off as a surprise anymore
but I miss a days when we just debate
right-wing retards with facts I don't
know what value that's recent content
hence for anyone holy [ __ ] AIDS oh my
god please go away forever holy [ __ ]
boop-boop destroyed his mind primarily
by just asking questions all will boob
did was make me reconsider how I state
some of my baser things my mind did not
change on a single [ __ ] thing after
that conversation holy [ __ ] AIDS the
biggest things that I had to change were
positions that I've let other people
push me into like social contract
because it seemed to be more descriptive
than any basic position I had a lot of
studies in psychology shows people
rationalizing behave your ex post in
order to feel more coherent I feel like
that's what Destiny's done after the
veganism debates I liked how because I
didn't accept veganism everything I say
is like completely compromised and
completely like not true it feels so
good oh my god according to destiny
humans have no hardwired altruistic
tendencies that are based in the
interest of the community that's [ __ ]
when did I ever say that what haven't I
said like multiple times that people are
probably biologically predisposed
towards social behavior I feel like I've
said this like a million [ __ ] times I
don't believe I don't believe it's
ridiculous oh so much to engage with
here I don't believe it they're
delusional I can't believe it I can't
believe it
what great posts really well thought out
killed Routh I don't believe it this is
why I have to stop talking social
contract like completely even people
that I thought understood my um
understood my positions more it really
had no [ __ ] idea whatever happened to
I won't press the button because I
wouldn't want someone else to press the
button if the roles were switched did we
abandon that he changed his mind on that
so the whole idea of I don't want to do
something to somebody else so they don't
do it to me people for some reason
people assumed that this was like some
[ __ ] like intrinsically valuable
proposition that I was making but I like
thought that other people like were
worthy of like moral consideration and
that's why I wouldn't it but it's not
like I was pretty up front the whole
time that it's a
pretty self-interested thing the only
difference now is that I realize that
even if I hold that position I can't
really compel another person to act that
way so the position kind of becomes
pointless right well I'm not gonna push
the button so you're not gonna push the
button okay sure
but I can't really compel you to do that
right that's that's the whole point
that's the also the only thing that's
changed has been kind of like the the
underlying way that I approach it this
overlying thing about pushing a button
or not pushing a button was never the
point of the question I have someone
improperly read at your moral system
Kamiya I feel like I've explained it so
many times that if people don't
understand it at this point it's just
like a willful ignorance or like it's
like inconceivable which is I think
actually as much as it pains me to say
it is probably the more likely things
that's whatever I did I don't care we're
not talking about this at all after
today any more discussion um we're all
intended others seek out what is true
because in the first case unitary
psychology was in position or nihilism
in general are counterproductive but you
just said social commentary is
compelling so it's pointless I don't
know you have to elaborate more or not
to say to that what a great this is the
greatest post in the sub I'll download
