well what the [ __ ] is the content what
is this I'm no [ __ ] any but this is
about Jesus Christ oh my god wait this
person is a [ __ ] crazy okay Jesus
this is syntax wait is this even about
global warming or if I misled by this
[ __ ] thing here what are we doing
what is this video about
so the last people to get future
predictions from in the 60s there was a
culturally relevant prediction that
hundreds of millions would die from
starvation by the 1980s due to
overpopulation and guess what then
[ __ ] happen hey it's the science is a
liar sometimes argument what this is
this video holy [ __ ] this is like it's
funny how none of this articulation in
jargon was used with her talk with
destiny oh that's because she this is
like her script is being written 100
sent by that one dude her brother I
think people say it is she didn't write
any of this she probably had almost no
input into any of this as well do you
think fascism necessitates an anti
intellectual approach that like you have
to convince people that like your
educational institutions everything are
failing so that they put trust in the
government I would have those two things
they're like intrinsic to one another if
you're strong enough you can change the
educational institutions yeah but like
these types of people don't really want
real educational institutions right they
want like religious dogma pretty much I
say religious and unless they have to be
like a like Christianity right every but
whatever particular dogma they believe
in at the time the US Office of Special
Counsel which is unrelated to Special
Counsel Robert Moeller's office said in
a letter to trump that Conway has been a
repeat offender of the Hatch Act by
disparaging Democratic presidential
candidates while speaking in our
official capacity during television
interviews and on social media Trump and
vice president Mike Pence are exempt
from the Hatch Act but there are no
exceptions for White House employees the
agency does not have the authority to
fire Conway who is appointed counselor
by Trump so it would be up to the
president to follow its recommendations
and dismiss one of its most unwavering
defenders like I don't think they're
gonna do anything about
all right amplifier yeah I didn't we've
already seen a story about this [ __ ]
proponent I think was it the FBI office
that came out and said that um oh the
chairs are games I thought it was
because they included the chair of the
Federal Election Commission the FEC said
it was against the law to solicit accept
or receive anything about you from a
foreign national in relation to an
election so is he here that it's illegal
or are more reasons Mike sent me
information for catering to be dangerous
no it's illegal I'm pretty sure it's
against like you're not actually allowed
to do it what the [ __ ] is news.com
is this a half buck I don't recognize
these names Japan today is this a good
well how does it even know I'm in
private mode what is it how can it
possibly know this I don't understand
what the [ __ ] is happening it knows
you're not accepting cookies I thought I
thought that when you an incognito I
thought it did I just stored them in
like a like a local session or whatever
and then just wipe them when you deleted
it
actually I know this is true because if
you do something on a website like for
instance I'm almost positive that's the
case because if you sign into like your
Gmail on an incognito tab and you open
it up incognito tab and you close the
other one and then you reopen your gmail
you don't have to sign in again I'm
pretty sure it's stores like local
cookies or whatever but whatever okay or
at stores cookies like locally I don't
know if I would be using that why read
mail and incognito if I ever sign onto
computers I got other people's houses or
whatever I usually use I probably
wouldn't recommend doing that UN chief
calls for independent probe into Gulf
tanker attacks he added the guitarist
and a staff had been in contact with
many of the countries concerned to tell
them of the need to avoid any escalation
I don't think we had ever go to like war
with Iran I think it's so politically
unpopular right now damn they all
[ __ ] do this [ __ ] huh what's them is
there like a way to just get rid of this
what do i type in tell me what to type
in oh wait maybe online works for this
hey thank God okay
there's but that is just an assumption
or yet does this guy know like the
difference between like military like
damage on a ship is this something
should I really give a [ __ ] about with
this guy saying though why can't they
can't they just like do an investigation
of the boat itself like I imagine that
there should be like a post-mortem or
something right like what if it was
metal gear
German officials u.s. video not enough
to pin blame on Iran for tanker time are
you talking about that grainy ass
[ __ ] video that looked like it was
from the [ __ ] 1970s okay
I don't know [ __ ] [ __ ] about anything
but if there was one attack on a boat
and three hours later there was another
one I have a really [ __ ] hard time
believing that US Intel could only COFF
up a grainy piece-of-shit video about it
maybe I'm a little bit too
conspiratorial but I felt like there's
no [ __ ] way that the United States
intelligence which is probably the most
advanced intelligence network to ever
existed on this planet would only be
able to produce a [ __ ] ass [ __ ] 1960s
era black-and-white grainy ass piece of
[ __ ] video related to the attack there's
no [ __ ] way I don't know I have like
really really really I have a really
hard time believing that wait two dicks
oh [ __ ] I thought somebody liked the
video then I just heard two dicks wait
where is um does anybody have a link to
the video I'm talking about or maybe I
could be wrong even think of a different
one I thought I saw a video I thought I
saw a video of this of them taking the
minds off the boat yeah this [ __ ]
no [ __ ] way was this actually what
was published by like the United States
like or published or like this is the
video that we released
that's just how thermal imaging works
well yeah but there is a resolution
really this [ __ ] [ __ ] I feel like I
feel like I've watched live leaks videos
of thermal imaging from like [ __ ]
like thousands of [ __ ] feet or yards
or meters or whatever way and it's like
crystal [ __ ] clear like when you're
looking remember like the videos of the
people getting bombed by like the by
like the not cruise missiles whatever
guided missiles and [ __ ] you're talking
about mq-9 s maybe I don't even know
what they're [ __ ] called but yeah I
feel like that resolution was like
crystal [ __ ] clear they don't have
that kind of ISR on a fleet support
usually okay a mate what is is our image
signal resolution or something it's
top-notch quality for infrared over that
distance oh okay alright the captain of
the of the kakuka disputed the US
assertion on Friday our crew said the
ship was attacked by a flying object
said you talk a Qatada
presence okay I wouldn't trust anything
that the [ __ ] boat or dude said I
don't know how the [ __ ] they would know
anything about like [ __ ] any type of
attack right I don't know I would be
super skeptical of anything they say
but I'm Iranian here wait are you
allowed to watch my stream
I'm not gonna get you executed am i why
would they not remove it
well they imagine if it's an if it's in
Iran Iranian mine they would remove it
because they wouldn't want somebody to
discover that it's an Iranian mine right
yeah but it's man there's got to be more
information so what is the timeline of
these attacks so an attack happens and
then three hours later another attack
happens and then this boat shows up to
remove something or what like what's
happening is there like an is there
actually like a published timeline for
everything that happened on the attacks
on these shows oh this actually puts on
the US Navy YouTube channel
quick take please why people ask mine
about traffic something foreign and tell
on campaign opponents but nobody views
to steal to us here in the same light
its foreign until only bad if it aids
Trump the dossier I imagine is different
because you're sourcing that from an
individual rather than like a nation or
a sovereign state contacting you with
information what would be my guess so
for instance if I were to go and find
like some investigator in Russia and I
were to try to use him to get
information about like some campaign
that would be okay but if I'm approached
by like a Russian person acting in the
capacity of like a representative of
like the Russian government then that
would be different
Stables have paid FBI informant - yeah
the second wave of alleged attacks on
the ships
can we trust fuzzy Intel is a predicate
for going to war given the sordid
history of our country we're not going
to war with Iran I have a really hard
time believing it dude it was so hard
for Iraq to even get help from us in the
in the post Iraq invasion world like war
is so insanely unpopular right now with
America people have a really hard time
believing we would actually get like an
A and there I can't even imagine after
all the instability we just suffered
with Syria and everything like going to
war with Iran would be a [ __ ]
nightmare why there's no way I don't
think that would ever happen
I just seems impossible it seems
impossible to imagine that that would
happen the u.s. CENTCOM statement on
June 13th limpet mine attack and the
gulf of oman [ __ ] do i I mean I should
trust anything the US Navy posts right
or we can use this I feel like um what
are the two what are the two god tier
publishers one is Grider's and the other
is um [ __ ] what am I thinking of
hey P don't not the [ __ ] BBC or
[ __ ] Vox The Associated Press in
Reuters
like those are the only two things we're
like I'll read it and I'll believe no
matter what the [ __ ] says without
even questioning it
I don't know if that's good or bad but
like those two seem like they do their
[ __ ] pretty [ __ ] well
Reuters Reuters and AP though seems to
do like the best balance what's wrong
with the BBC I just think that Reuters
an AP in general seem to stick to like
pretty fact-based stuff and I don't
think it's very comedy that they
published something or they get
something completely [ __ ] wrong
and they seem to not be as agenda driven
as other things although I could be
wrong on that but I haven't seen
anything I haven't seen complaints about
them ever we're seeing them like [ __ ] up
anything like big what do you think
about al-jazeera there are different
there aren't they're like different al
Jazeera publications there's like Al
Jazeera like [ __ ] if four different
countries or whatever like doesn't it
have like different publications
different reading things about Al
Jazeera but I don't think it's horrible
but but I would have to wanted to dig
more into that to have like a better
opinion of it al Jazeera is literally
Iran propaganda but there are different
but there are different al Jazeera
publications right hold on wait [ __ ]
what was the ship that we had or what
was the story that we had about wait I'm
sorry I'm just curious help me make
sense of this three hours later after an
initial attack the ship was again
attacked on the same side in the center
of the hole at which point the captain
felt it was no longer safe and ordered
the crew to take to the lifeboats
lifeboats so this is saying that they
got attacked a second time and then they
jumped out and the lifeboats basically
right this is saying this is the same
ship the the kakuka courageous said that
they abandon her shift after discovering
an unexploded mine am I reading this rar
is there a difference between these two
accounts like that's a pretty that's a
huge [ __ ] difference isn't it or am I
just like we got attacked a second time
we're gonna get the [ __ ] out of here
versus we literally saw a mine on our
ship and then we got off it seems like I
mean this seems like a pretty avast but
maybe he misspoke here maybe this is
translated I don't know maybe when they
say attacked again maybe a translation
of that could be we saw a mine on our
ship so they considered that was an
attack eyewitness statements are garbage
and newzik yeah this is why I try not to
go by like someone's like oh no we got
hit by a plane I try not to go my
eyewitness statements on anything
but if he Ryan is actually attacking
these tankers is it enough for
justification of war I mean people have
shot down civilian airliners in the past
I don't think he ran fast votes
preventing towing of damaged Altair
tanker do you think of you so a UN
investigation in order for there to be a
you an independent investigation on this
it would have to be approved by the
Security Council of the UN and in a
Security Council I believe that any
single member is able to veto any type
of third party stuff right so like
theoretically if Russia was like no no
one depended an investigation that would
stop everything yeah circa members I
thought that any member of the Security
Council could veto anything not every
single one just the top countries oh
really
UN Security Council veto powers wielded
solely by the five permanent members of
the UN Security Council
how many nations around the Security
Council is like 11 or 10 or 12 so China
France Russia that UK in the US are the
only ones with the power of veto I think
we just need more information on this
probably well I'm sure we'll hear more
about it
what kind of us I'm sure we heard more
about in the coming days if this wasn't
here and who do you think could have
possibly done it otherwise I don't know
I don't know who's capable of what in
that region of the world in terms of I
mean who has what who else over there
has the sophistication for that level of
attacks it's probably Saudi Arabia
yeah but Saudi Arabia two of their own
vessels were hit right do you think
Saudi Arabia would friendly-fire their
[ __ ] - that seems kind of memes but
maybe I don't know Saudis don't give a
[ __ ] it's a big conspiracy theory but
I'd really I wouldn't put it past i'm
destinee yeah i don't know i don't think
that the video alone is like that's
probably not enough evidence of anything
I don't think
but yeah the most obvious seems to be a
run and then the museum sort of like
false flag thing by Saudi Arabia or
something I guess how many of you just
raise your hand are considering voting
for Donald Trump for and how many of you
are I didn't like his
his idea that okay it's okay to just go
up to a woman and smell her hair and say
is there some very progressive Iowans
this guy's like [ __ ] 60 years old I
think talking about like respecting
women's boundaries a nice job good job
America hashtag me too she's smart she
gets things donning I also like the fact
that she's not a middle-aged white guy
while many and this one we have a long
way to go
does it bother you that the president
lies I think a little yeah I mean yeah
it does
I'm Joe Biden all right Randy came Randy
thanks very much
Bernie hmm he's yang not a popular
Democratic candidate nope he's pulling
out her 1% isn't Brandi the second
highest pulling dem yep unless
something's changed dramatically over
the past day or two I was born smart I
don't think it's something anybody
should brag about because it's not
something
