hey guys welcome to startups episode 2
I'm joined by my wonderful co-host Dan
and we have an exciting guest today Ted
Juba who is running for the California
State Senate Senate in district 1 and we
are gonna be talking about his past
history with business and then his
current I guess kind of political
positions in terms of how he feels about
things now that he's running for a state
senator position in California you an
introduce yourself Ted yeah hey so
thanks for having me on the show
I am a startup guy
I've started a handful of companies here
in California and now it's time for me
to move on to something else so I'm
moving into government and numbering
like you said for a California state
Senate District one which is the largest
Senate District in the entire state it's
about 28,000 square miles such as 11
counties runs from Lake Tahoe all the
way up to the Oregon border and there
are nine hundred and eighty thousand
people in the district and it's going to
be a special election coming in March
what's the special election for so the
the fellow who is in the seat also
incidentally named Ted he just won Board
of Equalization which is California's
elected Tax Commission and he was sworn
in earlier I guess this week which means
he resigned a Senate seat
so constitutionally governor Newsom has
two weeks to declare a special election
for the vacancy gotcha all right so so
startup guy this has start as podcast
we've saved the latter half for
political memes I suppose but you the
thing I remember you from the most is I
guess I want to say it's about a decade
ago now is that right is is uncover a
yeah very popular blog that hoped fun
everything in Silicon Valley and did it
in a very smart way it was very widely
read I think correct me if I'm wrong but
I feel like that was gang sourced more
than even very large things like
Valleywag and things like that at the
time yeah I became friends with the
folks at Valleywag through uncut I met a
bunch of them
and we would hang out and they tried to
hire me a couple of times I said no
thanks because I didn't want to be a
writer for a living I was just doing it
for fun honestly and it kind of took off
and you you had another guy working with
you they were like a chi or something
like that yeah so these were two guys
that I went to college with Matt and
Kyle and concurrently with this uncut
thing which I was doing most of the
writing for it they would chime in here
and there but the three of us were
developing a AI machine learning based
news recommendation service before
machine learning was you know popular it
went nowhere but we've all moved on to
different places and uncover when I shut
it off eventually because it just became
too much to manage and they want to
write it anymore
now was that was uncovered I call it a
startup but did you have other startups
before that as well and before the
machine learning thing and and how did
you get into all this I guess we should
go right back to the beginning yeah so
college or something so I graduated
college I got my degree in mathematics
and came out to California because I
knew I wanted to start a company here
during my junior year at college I did
an internship at Google and they hired
me back full-time and then I went there
after I graduated and I stayed for about
a year and then quit to start this
company with my two other friends who
had just graduated college they were a
year behind me real quick what it was
uncut about like what was the bug about
for those that haven't heard of it or
haven't read it yeah it was what I would
do is I'd go on to if you guys are
familiar with TechCrunch it was like the
sort of big Silicon Valley tech blog
where everyone when it announced their
new products I'd go in there every
morning and read whatever review
whatever like oddball company like
social network for cats was being
launched and then I would just write my
own review of it and I would take I
don't know an hour and a half in the
morning and just have fun and put some
fun like image memes on there and just
write a semi technical review of the
thing that drew a really big audience
from developers and so
Valley because they thought it was funny
the only time where it kind of went
weird was where you had like founders
who were super super type-a and couldn't
really take any criticism like they
would get into it with me and that was
really cool but most people like almost
everybody got the joke and they thought
it was funny and they appreciated the
exposure mm-hmm I felt also like you you
went it wasn't just that you made like
[ __ ] memes about like oh it's a social
network for cats like you went into it
and like actually found the problem
basically a lot of times people are
flat-out lying about what their stuff
did and things like that as well or you
know just went in there completely you
know saying they have a lot of funding
and then you find out me like you have a
hundred thousand dollars of funding from
your dad type of thing so it was
interesting on that hard as well yeah
you would get stuff like that and a lot
of it was sort of poking fun at the
Silicon Valley culture where people like
patting themselves on the back for you
know raising twenty million dollars in
venture capital which okay yes sure
that's good you can build your company
but it also means that you no longer
have control right and how much equity
did you give up for that and at the time
everyone was kind of treating it like
winning the lottery and I just thought
that was stupid and I felt like back
then raising money a decade ago
very different than now there is no like
founder friendly convertible note sheet
it was like we're gonna go ahead and
take 30% of your company on your seed
round type of thing and give you almost
no money so yeah it's very interesting
yeah it was I mean back then it was
certainly much harder to raise your seed
financing for our machine-learning
startup we raised thirty thousand
dollars in seed financing from a single
angel investor and you know we it was
three of us and we lived you know ramen
noodles and we burned through that we
lived on that for like a year it was
awesome but we after that was done you
know the Series A environment at the
time was like you needed to raise ten
million bucks or something for a series
a round and we just weren't there so so
going back to before so tell us you know
you just got out of college what's next
what's your path and how does it lead
you into doing startups and so I got out
of college and I went to work at Google
because I've been an intern there my
junior year
and I worked with a really great team of
people I mean everybody at Google was
really intelligent and it was kind of
nice going into meeting rooms and I
would sit down at a meeting table with
with other engineers on some project and
realized that everybody in the room knew
like 10 times more about computer
science than I did and it was like oh
man like this is I'm in a different
environment here so either like step up
or step out and I used it as an
opportunity to learn a whole lot of
stuff about how to make production
quality software and how to organize
teams and how to do source control and
in the end what am i stayed for my god
go ahead I was gonna ask what was
hearsay what was your background like in
programming like before all of this like
is this what you went to college for no
I went to college for math okay um I got
my degree in computational mathematics
but before that when I was in high
school myself and three other guys over
the course of two summers when we were
like 16
we developed a electronic medical record
system for one of the guys his mother
was a physician and it was just four of
us in a basement making this system in
PHP and my sequel we had no idea what we
were doing like we were just so amateur
programmers but we made it work like we
made a thing that like sort of kept
electronic medical records and over two
years we developed this and when we all
went to college at the same time we
didn't have the time to keep up with it
anymore so we just put it out there made
open-source you like GPL the whole thing
and it it took off it's nuts it's called
open EMR and I check on it on it
regularly and today there's like 200
million people in the world whose
medical records are in some open EMR
installation somewhere and this all just
sprung from this open source thing that
the four of us made over the course of
two summers in high school I kind of
doubt there's any of the original code
still left in the codebase but still the
point was it was there were no other
like free EMR systems that were usable
at the time so ours kind of took off are
you still like mentioned are credited
with this
why is her name not in the Wikipedia
page that you should so if you go to
look at PDF page it mentions the little
company that we started called cinetech
and you know like I think I might have a
stock certificate somewhere for that
company but we ended up dissolving it a
year after we went to college because we
didn't want to pay the franchise taxes
anymore
that's crazy though you essentially you
created it so is this like this standard
now I mean it certainly looks like if
we're looking at this at this page like
this is the standard for storing of you
know I guess ended that Thursday there's
a bunch of commercial EMRs like the big
one today is called epic and there's a
another like practice Fusion is another
one but as far as open source stuff open
EMR is still one of the more popular
ones because physicians can have their
own installation of it like they put a
server somewhere in the back room and
somebody can show up and make a business
out of customizing this for doctors
which they're very normal people out
there do like that's their job now right
think of it like WordPress Riley
everyone has their own like WordPress
site and installation and like yeah you
can get it hosted or you can get it on
Prem but you can customize it to your
heart's desire and the same is true with
open EMR so what what was next for you
after this so you kind of have been in
this or you know left it out there just
to be supported by thousands of people
so what where do you move on well then I
went to college spent four years getting
a degree in math and it was actually my
junior year I got an internship at
Google which was great and I came out to
California and and did that and I
thought that was a lot of fun and when I
went back to school towards the end of
my senior year
I was waiting for the full-time offer
from Google I wasn't sure if I was gonna
get it and they're like notoriously slow
for offering somebody a full-time job
like they take months to evaluate your
packet I think they still do so at the
same time that I was waiting for a
response from Google I was in the
process of applying for a job at the
National Security Agency which a lot of
people in our math department
and you know I'm with Ruth like a couple
of phone calls with with NSA and the
first one I thought I'd just completely
bombed because the guy was asking me all
these abstract algebra questions and
quickly found the edge of what I knew
about math and I thought I mean this is
a disaster but then they called me back
but like hey we want you to come down to
Fort Meade to do like the polygraph test
and all that stuff but before we could
schedule that I got a FedEx envelope
which was a full time offer from Google
so I said you know what like thanks but
no thanks
I always wanted this and you might have
some clarity on this so the general
public assumes especially when you see
things like television and movies things
to bite it brightest than the best
they're just working at the NSA and the
CIA and I always think to myself like I
really don't think that that's true
because these guys if you're the
brightest and the best you would
literally make 10 to 20 times more
working in the private sector so there's
a lot of like inherent like oh the
government has your back we have the
best we have the NSA has cracked this
encryption 20 years ago and it's like
you know I I really don't think so like
what's your take on all that I would say
don't complete intelligence with wealth
right just because somebody is super
intelligent doesn't mean that they're
going to make a lot of money you know
there are plenty of people who are
incredibly intelligent who you know
don't they're not at the top 1% of you
think that that's because they're do you
think that that's because they're
they're content and they want to work at
the NSA or is it because there's not
enough jobs for these specific types of
you know skill sets that they have I
think it's like content is part of it
and the other part is just the different
skill sets greatly you can have somebody
who is just a master of like Galois
field theory which is what you need to
solve these encryption problems and like
could never in a million years negotiate
a term sheet with an investor or make a
pitch to raise a million dollars for a
company because they're very very
different skill sets so simple raw
intelligence that only gets you so far
right you have to be able to step
outside of the things you know about the
world and and try new things and apply
your intelligence to newer things
but that being said I mean the folks at
the NSA are super bright and if you are
somebody who like it is your life stream
to just do abstract algebra all day long
the NSA is really the only organization
it's gonna pay you to do that what did
you um when you went to school for math
what did you think you were gonna get a
job like working for Google or the NSA
or like I'm just curious because I've
talked to a few math majors and careers
always seem to be really weird from
there with like actuarial science or
sometimes computer related stuff or did
you have a clear idea of this going on
yeah you know I I didn't want to do
computer science because it was a little
too neckbeard II but my major was oh you
you'd be surprised man like the man said
not to hate on math majors by the way
sorry credibly chill okay the like
software engineering computer science as
neckbeard as it gets I'm talking like
wearing shorts in the wintertime
neckbeards in upstate New York okay so I
knew I wanted to go into math because in
high school it was hard for me and I'm
not the type to like be content with
like a communications degree or
something like that like I wanted to do
something that I knew was gonna be
difficult so I signed up for a math
major and it ended up working out yeah I
really enjoyed it I was terrible at
calculus like absolutely terrible until
I got to the more abstract stuff like
real analysis abstract algebra and then
it sort of clicked so after so where do
you go from Google how long were you at
there was it for a year enough to take
like a handful of stock off the table
and I sold that and I used that to sort
of finance myself to do this startup
thing with my two friends who had just
graduated when I was at Google like I
was having a lot of fun I was learning a
lot of things but at the same time this
Web 2.0 thing was really heating up in
Silicon Valley and I knew I'd come out
to California you can start a company
anyway and having Google on your career
is like it's basically like having a
master's degree right like everybody
kind of
looks at your resume and they're like oh
okay like this guy might know something
for reference around what year was this
when you did your year in Google oh gosh
this was 2006 2007 okay
it was employee number like 11,000 and
change at Google gotcha
so I mean I mean not like like super
rich early but early certainly earlier
than anything reason where's the rich
cutoff as far as being an employee at
Google do you think oh gosh I mean
anybody who is their pre IPO for sure
really okay how many employees do they
have on the IP ad I have no idea that's
a good question so I heard anecdotally
that they had to hire more people for
the IPO because they're like earnings
per employee was abnormally high so they
had to hire more people to kind of even
it out I don't know if that's true or
not but sort of Silicon Valley lore um
so Milo I guess Milo came after the
failed machine learning thing is that
right was that the the next that was the
next one yeah so after the machine
learning thing went sideways I met up
with the story goes I was I was working
on a an open-source thing that Facebook
put out was called thrift it was this
remote procedure call mechanism that
they just made open-source and they had
a bunch of different language bindings
it was very similar to something that
that Google has internally so I wanted
to use it externally at this machine
learning startup so I became a
contributor and I got invited to go like
to Facebook HQ to like meet with a bunch
of these folks for like a software
development Meetup and while I was there
I met their VP of engineering who ended
up hooking me up with these two guys in
Palo Alto who were doing something in
shopping that's all that I knew at the
time but I said yeah sure like I'll go
check it out why not
and the idea wasn't quite formed yet but
when I met these guys like there was
like a Facebook app where you could buy
textbooks socially
then they added this we added this like
inventory check thing where you could
see the textbook you know if it was
available at Barnes & Noble and what the
price was and people really liked that
so we ended up changing the entire
company Milo to this inventory access
online thing which is really cool what
do you mean by that exactly
so it's Milo was a website where you
could go and search for products that
were available in-store around you in
real time so you could go and type in ok
I want this particular camera and we
would show you geo locate your IP and
show you you know here's all the stores
physical stores that are around you that
actually have this thing in stock right
now and here's their price so you could
then go to the store and pick it up how
are you accomplishing that was that
scraping of like all the local best buys
and seeing a zip code or what were you
doing so so to get that product data
like the titles and the pictures and the
descriptions we scraped all that stuff
and we may we maintained a huge huge
library of scrapers for all these
different websites but the inventory
data was harder we had to
reverse-engineer their inventory systems
a lot of these stores they had this buy
online pick up in store functionality
where you could go on a product page and
type in your zip code and it would show
you ok this product is available in
these stores so that was actually my job
I reverse engineered every single one of
those inventory systems and we actually
in the process of doing that we shut
down I can say this now because they're
bankrupt but we shut down RadioShack's
point-of-sale system nationwide for like
15 minutes by accident yeah because we
were like really limited or some [ __ ] or
you're just gravy too much data yeah so
so the call and the website would be in
real time which means you'd get like the
spinner on the website until the results
came back from the retailer and we
wanted to experiment with pre-caching
all this stuff so we could just render
it instantly so we said ok we'll do a
scrape every 24 hours
so RadioShack I picked them to try it
with because their site responded the
fastest to these inventory calls
and they had something like a hundred
thousand skews so we ran over every ZIP
code in the country and every SKU they
had real quick and you that's like a
unique product identifier right yeah
like a like a UPC code like it's not
keeping unit that check yeah so we ran
over all their SKU numbers times all
their zip codes and this was before AWS
really existed so this was released
servers in the data center in Dallas and
I got one with like a hundred megabit
pop to the internet and I wrote this
multi-threaded scraper and I pushed go
and then we went to lunch and lower at
lunch our CEO is phone rings it's our
hosting provider and they're like hey we
had to shut down one of your servers
because we got a remote abuse complaint
like oh no okay so we go back we get our
lunch go back to the apartment and find
out that RadioShack had called what
happened was they didn't have like any
kind of load balancer between their web
front-end and their inventory database
like their live inventory database no
replication nothing to handle web load
they just sent it right to the live
inventory database and we overflowed the
entire thing and shut the inventory
database out which meant that none of
the point-of-sale systems in the country
could like write any data to arive any
data from it so that means that even so
then just for people listening to catch
up so that means that for 15 minutes
even people in stores trying to make
sales using point-of-sales is like the
cash registers and everything weren't
able to like process any transactions
basically yeah the whole the whole store
nationwide and radio circus thousands of
locations I have no idea we got we start
off with a very angry phone call from
somebody in information security who
thought that we were like hackers trying
to shut them down and this I did not do
this I have to give the credit to our
CEO here this guy has a silver tongue
like nothing you've ever seen before
because he talked down the information
security guy from like wanted to murder
all of us and got somebody in product
development on the phone who was going
to give us a feed of the data instead of
going to scrape it
so yeah but you're lucky there we did
but but honestly we have good intentions
right like we said hey we're not trying
to do this to enrich ourselves the goal
of our website used to help you sell
more stuff so you know they're kind of
sympathetic to that once they realize
that we're not hackers trying to shut
them down I'm kind of curious um just
because it seems like the idea of trying
to reverse engineer this and make your
own databases must've been a nightmare
did you ever think to just go to
companies initially and be like hey
we're trying to do this thing is there
way that we can get like a easier access
to like a database of SKUs and products
and everything or did you think that was
I mean we thought about doing it that's
as an engineer that's what I would have
wanted to do but we were a three-person
startup I mean they would have told us
to get lost okay you're not gonna bother
with the IT work to make that
integration so it's a little bit better
to ask for forgiveness than permission
shutdown there are stories for 15
minutes that must have been like
millions of dollars right over those 15
minutes you think I don't know I mean
Swedish acting so hot it was 10 years
ago
RadioShack was the [ __ ] back then I
think maybe this is like after they
started like RadioShack used to be cool
because you could go in there and buy
like transistors and like soldering iron
and then they just started selling
cellphones well there there was the
period the short period of time when
cell phones first came out where if you
wanted that nice Nokia brick phone
you're going to RadioShack because that
was the only place it wasn't before like
AT&T and all these guys actually had
their own stores he would go to Radio
Shack yes exactly
yeah interests but no we didn't and that
was scary yeah we thought we were done
for but you know if if you have good
intentions and you can convince people
that you have good intentions then good
things happen to you oh we can get a lot
okay so we have the concept of it you
had created a service that let consumers
see what product is available around
them so how was that going this thing
it's launched now yes it's gone it's
launched we had a little bit of seed
capital we had like 150 K and seed money
and we ended up raising a Series A round
wrist we raised four million dollars in
a Series A and that let us expand the
team and move into an actual office
and we ran the company for about two
years before we were acquired by eBay
and we're in the process of negotiating
another round of financing while we were
negotiating the acquisition with eBay so
does it use these things to kind of like
you not play them off each other but you
want to maintain as much optionality for
yourself as you can absolutely so so
what did you have for traction why did a
bay want to buy your were you raking in
the cash at this point or no no we
weren't making any money we had a
technology that they wanted you BAE
they wanted to move into local because
they saw local commerce as an
opportunity and it's true I mean I've
years later I ended up going to one of
our retailers on a different job and I
saw their internal data for their their
growth of this like online to offline
conversion channel and I'm like man we
sold too soon like it grew faster than
we projected it to be and we're being
optimistic because we were you know
selling the company how many employees
did you have like as you were nearing
that sell day to eBay we had 28 oh wow
and then what was it what would you say
was like how many uniques
like users did you have using your
service at the time oh god I mean maybe
10,000 maybe but we even had approached
us earlier that year and said hey we'd
like to do an integration with you guys
for the holidays you know so we want to
well we'll give you some like products
from our website that we want to feature
and we like to surface this availability
data on ebay.com
so okay cool not really knowing that was
them feeling us out for an acquisition
to see if our tech was legit but you
know we we put a lot of effort on that
and and we made the integration work and
they were really happy with it
and then the conversation kind of
evolved like hey you know this
technology is really interesting would
you guys be interested in joining eBay
did you guys have like when you say you
weren't making money do you mean just
like you weren't profitable or did you
real it early
have no monetization scheme at all like
did you have any plans to make this make
money or dollar you so we were kicking
around the idea of affiliate marketing
so for all the the products that we
surfaced on our site we could send
somebody to the retailer say where they
could do a buy online pick up in store
and we could make a Philly affiliate
bucks on that but we ended up not doing
that because we didn't want to have
revenue numbers that were too low as we
were going into raising a series being
it makes so much sense this is what you
this is stupidest stuff that you have to
do when you're in startups right like
this is why people don't put you wrote
about this on uncuffed the reason that
they don't put Google ads on their site
is why because there's money yes because
once you have revenue numbers then the
investors you're courting they are just
gonna try and you know understand some
multiple of that instead of it being
like hey we have this technology we're
not entirely sure we're gonna do with
this but we know it's interesting right
versus this is the spreadsheet business
and we're making money so what was he
showing the dream what was the next step
so let's assume that the eBay thing
didn't fall through why were the
investors so on board to put more money
I assume if you previously raised four
million that must have been probably a
ten million dollar series B or something
like that
why why were they trying to put money
into this business that has 10,000 users
and everything else what if what we're
what was the vision you're able to sell
to them saying like you know what this
is gonna be huge or you just saying
listen eBay it loves us and other people
are gonna love us too because I that's a
hard sell if you don't it's it sucks
waking up every day not having a lot of
traction on this thing I know that
feeling so like it does so how what were
you thinking in your mind like if 28
people working on this thing making zero
money and you're like yeah [ __ ] are we
doing well the the funding environment
at the time was still kind of frothy so
we knew the capital was out there if we
wanted it and our or series-a investors
they said that they would be in for a
series B which I mean you kind of need
that show of faith or else you know
other investors are gonna be like well
why don't they want it for their pro
rata at the next round like that's a
little weird so they told us they were
on board and that was a excellent
backstop but
we could show pretty definitively that
this market we were in was something
that was new and was growing really fast
so it wasn't that important for us to be
going after revenue at the time but we
had very hard data to show that the
market was growing and it like I said it
actually ended up growing faster than we
thought it was going to do you actually
regret selling like you say this now do
you think if you had told eBay to shove
off and you kept going with it do you
think that you would have made a larger
company had a larger exit like were you
truly the pioneer and yeah
come eat let me take a step back was
your service targeted at consumers or at
other businesses so you provide someone
to know if a product is available in a
specific store so are you tracking end
users like me or a shopping or you
looking for like businesses somehow
end-users I mean they're our growth
metric was in in actual like shoppers
people who wanted to do some kind of
transaction so you felt like if you kept
going that that number was about to blow
up or something like that all of a
sudden you know your website this you
know homepage was gonna be massive and
people are gonna start using you as a
shopping port so we knew for a fact at
the time that if you take the percentage
of folks who browse online for a product
like research it online and then go to
the store to buy it or research
something online and then do the the buy
online pick up in store
we knew that market segment was growing
faster than ecommerce itself so we knew
that there was there was absolutely a
market there to capitalize on and nobody
was aggravating all of this stuff in one
spot we were the only folks that were
doing that but I mean eBay comes along
and they say hey we really like your
technology and we would just want to
take the scale of eBay as a shopping
site and point it at this technology and
you know it wasn't like a talent
acquisition it wasn't like hey we want
to buy this tech defensively as founders
they came us to us with a fantastic
story they said look we really think
that applying the scale of eBay to
this technology is going to take this
even further and that's absolutely true
so from a perspective of wanting to see
this idea come to fruition the ebay
acquisition was the best option so you
don't know I don't regret it it's good
to know that we were on the right track
but I mean obviously hindsight is 20/20
yeah I was gonna say like you hear so
many horror stories especially like
stuff related to Yahoo and whatnot of
people that like waited too long to sell
and then end up like tanking and value
or make horrible decisions like yeah I
could definitely say at the time like
being scared of like waiting a little
bit too long and then I either a
competitor comes up or the landscape
dramatically shifts to like online only
and not the pick up stuff like yeah
there's a lot of ways I could have went
wrong so yeah I mean the entire exercise
of being an entrepreneur is that you
don't know what you write when you guys
you don't know what you want you don't
know what you don't know oh yeah right
and your job is to decrease uncertainty
as much as you can and raising money
certainly helps but being acquired by a
big company that wants to put you know a
15,000 person organization behind you
that D risks a whole lot of stuff to see
the the product come to fruition so what
um so eBay by CEO how does this how's
the integration go do we still see this
on eBay today and how was it working for
you know because he basically were the
boss at your own company and going to
work for you know super mega Corp or
your what's your soul crushed or your
dream so that's that's a fantastic
question and I've had other
entrepreneurs who are considering
selling asking me the same thing so an
acquisition if you start a company and
you sell it to you know a big publicly
traded company the equity in today what
you make of it
and we knew off the bat we were going to
lose about 30% of the people from our
company which is which is true and you
know they just they took some money off
the table we actually negotiated in our
term sheet that they would vest some
portion of their stock upfront as soon
as the sale closed so everybody could
take some money off the table which was
nice so yeah about 30% of the folks they
they left and moved on to other things
was I don't know if you're able to talk
about will you
required to stay on board for that
acquisition for some number of years
afterwards or did you just I was I was
heavily incentivized to stay on board
okay
be quiet no okay gotcha yeah some folks
are on the bill I call it vesting in
peace I don't know this on the roof type
of thing but I guess a little bit more
active oh boy oh I mean much more active
right it like you first you get there
the first day and this is so eBay story
we get there like the first day and they
had set up all these cubicles for
everybody and we're like hell no like
cubicles not gonna work so we call
workplace resources and we say hey can
you guys come get these like dividing
walls out of here and they're like no I
don't know if we can do that you know
it's gonna be about eight weeks before
you can get to something like that
so we hang up the phone okay we go get a
screwdriver we take everything apart and
we drag all these dividers out and just
put them on the lawn in front of the
office where you were and we call them
back and like hey remove the dividers
out to the law and come get him if you
want and I I don't know what what went
on over there but they had someone over
there real quick and we didn't hear a
peep out of workplace resources for like
two years it's kind of ballsy for like
your first day kind of doing that stuff
though no I mean they just got a card
what are they gonna do undersell them
give them well but you got like that's
kind of a calculated calculated move for
your team right because you want to show
that you've still got some like internal
drive right that you're not just being
assimilated into the machine that you're
here for a purpose that they're not just
buying your technology they're buying
your team too and they're buying the
character of your team so we figure
stepping on a couple of toes is not
always a bad thing like it has a purpose
for the team itself maybe not for the
rest of the company and okay if
workplace resources is a little salty at
us because they got to come and pick up
some barriers then okay that's a small
price to pay oh we're showing solidarity
so how how was it how long did you stay
I see
you say to ebay until your investing was
done but how was that and did your
product get integrated how you hoped it
would yeah I did um we we had some
pretty interesting integrations because
once we are at eBay then we could call
back the retailers and say hey we don't
want to do this like scraping thing
anymore just give us a feed of your
inventory data and then since we were
calling from eBay they picked up the
phone and they were like okay we can do
that so the integrations got a lot
easier which meant the product scaled a
whole lot better and we were surfacing
this data on ebay.com so Best Buy was a
big seller on eBay and we enabled their
buy online pick up in store
functionality on eBay through our
technology and we shipped a couple other
products to like a local integration for
businesses that use QuickBooks or
Microsoft Dynamics to upload their
inventory data automatically to eBay and
I'm glad that we were right that putting
eBay's name and scale did help the
products take off a lot more because we
had so much more legitimacy calling from
eBay versus calling just the start-up
that nobody had really ever heard of
which let us get more data a lot easier
and make the product better so in terms
of like your personal life you guys had
28 employees and then you sell to eBay
are you like are you married at the time
or dating anybody or are you just still
kind of hanging on your own over The
Bachelor life yeah I was married at the
time you're married is this um we
financially I guess like coming into
this much money what were your thoughts
in terms of like future work and
everything was this like a big
life-changing thing for you did you just
want to carry on business as normal or
how did you kind of feel about
everything I didn't know what to think
at first it seemed kind of surreal yeah
the whole the whole process of like oh
my god like we started you know we're
eating ramen noodles and all of a sudden
like hey eBay wants to buy your company
for seventy-five million dollars you
know what how does your life change and
I didn't want my life to change that
much you know I was fortunate to have
enough money then to go and buy a house
and still
Valley like have a good car and a whole
bunch of other stuff just to have that
security but you know I'm not the type
to go out and buy like a Lamborghini or
something like that
I got a nice motorcycle but that's
really it okay I mean but still that's
you know you had two co-founders or
mm-hmm
and yeah it's basically at this point
[ __ ] you money essentially right like
you depending on how you want to live
your life moving forward essentially you
could never work again if you want um my
situation you know I still living in
California which is very expensive I
still did have to work for sure if it
wasn't something that I could retire on
you know and and be good you know twenty
years down the road but it definitely
changed my perspective on how how work
works basically like it's once you have
a situation where you can have some
freedom to go and take risks I found
myself doing a lot more of that
can I just real quick cuz everybody in
the shadows going crazy so he sold the
company for 75 million but you weren't
you didn't it wasn't all your money
right a different people have different
shares of this company it's not like you
had 75 million yeah okay no I did not
take home so yeah a lot of people in
Chad don't understand that process
because a lot of people Chad are
wondering how you couldn't retire on
seventy-five million dollars but that's
that's not America yeah the entire
company was sold for seventy-five
million different employees different
investors all kind of have their hands
and a part of that you know that sale
okay so a lot of people seem to
understand it no I
you know the co-founders we each had we
had different equity stakes as well and
you know investors had to 40-ish percent
of the whole thing and just like in our
modern standards right cuz you only did
a series a right at that point yeah yeah
we believe a series a and you know we
had advisors that had shares and
everybody said what 20 percent usually
with the option pool or something yeah
our option that was option pool I think
it was like 15 percent yes I mean you're
talking about before any of the founders
you have like 60 or 70% of the company
basically gone right away investors
always get paid first always yeah um so
so what happens next
so you've stated eBay for a few years
and you leave and what do you what are
you doing now and you know what where's
your life at that point what you think
yeah so I left
eBay in 2015 and a friend of mine a guy
who we had hired at Milo to do business
developments and who came with us all
the way through eBay and he did some
great things at eBay he was starting a
company in fashion the fashion space
which was pretty cool it was called oak
labs and the product was this six foot
tall mirror like an actual mirror that
had a 4k display behind the glass in an
rfid reader and a Linux machine to power
the whole thing and we had this this
capacitive touch foil that we put over
the glass that made it the whole thing a
giant touch screen so you would bring a
garment into the fitting room where this
mirror was and before before it
activated it just looked like a mirror
because it really what it was but once
it read the RFID tag off the garment the
screen would light up and you would see
this interface that lets you that knows
what you brought into the fitting room
because it reads lrf ID tags and it
gives you a touch screen where you can
say okay I like this shirt but I wanted
a different size or these pants
different color whatever bring me a belt
to try and with these pants and somebody
on the floor gets that message they
bring you what you want to the fitting
room so by the time I left eBay this was
like Justin it's still kind of getting
off the ground and I came on as the VP
of engineering to you cutout VP veteran
to run the software team okay this whole
thing and okay ended up selling about a
year ago to another company in Arizona
but that was one of the coolest things
that I ever worked on because such a
neat product it was a lot of fun to do
and I got to go to all these
these different retailers and talk about
odd retail technology like a super super
experimental stuff that they wanted to
do remember a tie took one trip to
Minneapolis to go the targets HQ and I
think I'm still sworn to secrecy about
all the stuff that I saw but there's
some cool stuff in retail tech that you
can do with RFID just kind of looking at
the trend I'm just kind of curious like
conceptually or like philosophically do
you have like internally like this huge
desire to see tech like hardcore
integrated in daily activities and ways
we wouldn't necessarily think it it just
in terms of like the RFID thing and then
even the shopping app you did for Milo
like is this like something like
internal that you really want to say
that you're excited about er yeah I want
to see tech integrated in to activities
where you don't even know it's there I
think like putting an iPad on the wall
in a store is stupid because it's just
an iPad hanging on the wall right the
technology shouldn't shouldn't bother
you to interact with it it should
present itself to you when you need it
conveniently and at Oak that's really
the the ethos that we had about
technology that stuff like screens on a
wall or iPads on a wall is just stupid
because nobody wants to interact with
the X it's ugly
they haven't iPad at home who cares but
something that anticipates what I need
and what I'm doing that's that is a
better use of technology because it's
actually helping you do something it's
not demanding that you interact with it
kind of in that same vein what's like
just like of random stuff whether it's
with cars or stores or phones what's
something that you're like really
excited about today like some tech
product that you see that like the
integration is really cool or you hadn't
necessarily thought of it looks like
your thing today that you look at that's
a good question so you know I do a lot
of stuff related to advertising for this
this political campaign and it's I think
that's a topic going to get to later
Cambridge analytical how far we go
no but simply okay using technology to
better understand people mm-hmm that's
what I'm really interested in so you
know I can go to my voter I'll see you
know these are all the registered voters
you know here's all extended data and so
on but you can't understand people with
machine learning right you could sure
you can show ads to them whatever but
when it comes to actually to having a
face-to-face interaction the Machine
doesn't really do you any favors but it
could right like you could have machines
that help you understand you know here's
how to better connect with people and
it's something you do as a human if that
makes any sense like if I go into a
conversation and I know somebody is very
concerned about immigration or gun
control right that's something that I
can certainly suss out as I'm talking to
them but going into a conversation with
more information and being able to
better connect one-on-one with a person
without looking at my phone the whole
time that's that's something significant
that I think technology has yet to
tackle and I think that they could
interesting okay so technology for
technology's sake I don't think that's
used
yeah for sure okay so what happened with
the oak thing did where it where's that
at so oak there was a company in Arizona
Covello that makes kiosks at a huge
scale and they acquired oak and you know
this was around the time when I wanted
to get involved in something else
and I wanted to get involved in
government so I did ways without before
the acquisition and then I assume we
foray into politics and yeah so tell us
how that you know pretty radical change
from a start-up guy who was like you
know what let's do politics how does how
does that transition happen okay so this
this story I got a rewind for for a
minute
so I had a brother who died he's four
years younger than me he passed away in
2012 and he had a heart condition that
nobody knew about that was undiagnosed
and when that happened that that turned
my whole world upside down at the time I
worked at eBay right I was I was making
good money and everything everything was
great but when something like that
happens to you it changes how you think
about yourself and about the world and I
really struggled to find what made me
happy in the wake of that and the thing
that I that I found that pulled me back
from the abyss right was doing things in
the service of other people so I was
fortunate enough to be making a good
amount of money and I started you know
giving money to causes that I cared
about and volunteering for things that I
cared about and that's what gave me
satisfaction of life I you know a lot of
people when they face a personal tragedy
like that I turned to drugs or alcohol
or whatever and believe me that was an
option right like that's something that
that if you're taking an objective look
at your life like yeah I see why people
do that but I knew I couldn't I couldn't
go down that road that wasn't me so
getting involved in being of service to
other people that's what really made me
satisfied with my life
and getting it to government is the
natural extension that's the way to
scale to scale that that activity right
to to to do things in the service of a
lot of people and a lot of they're gonna
disagree with you and that's fine
you're gonna catch static for it and
that's fine but if what you really want
to do is make the world a better place
then government is the place to do that
in my mind so then from there you just
decided to I'm sorry I should know this
do you have you been in any sort of
elected office
for trying to run for this or is this
the first elected office here going for
it the first first I hold an appointed
office right now a planning Commissioner
for the city of Placerville where I live
but it's it's not a policy setting
position sure but it is a good way to be
involved in the community so I guess we
should talk about some of the things
that you want to see change so you're
running under the Republican ticket
obviously and so what are some of the
things that you see at least in
California politics that you don't like
and we'll start debating about it sure
well immigration is a hot topic right I
mean that's if you look at the what is
dominating the news right now
you hear a lot about illegal immigration
and especially here in California you
like yes it's true that we had police
officers and people killed by illegal
immigrants who should not have been
there in the first place right these are
these are folks who were had already
been arrested on some crime but because
California is a sanctuary state they
were not termed over to immigration
services they're released back onto the
street and then they go on to do harm to
somebody else
and I just can't fathom any
justification for that what are you
think Steve I mean I guess what is your
I mean I agree obviously people killing
people as bad I don't know if they're
legal immigrants killing people it's
necessarily worse than normal people
killing people or documented immigrants
or or citizens or whatever I guess like
what is your main would it there are so
many different things to talk about
we've got daca we've got we've got well
okay so California focus we could talk
about the sanctuary mm-hmm right that
that's that's a law on the books that
says that local law enforcement in
California cannot cooperate with
immigrations sure right if they arrest
somebody for a crime and that person is
here
legally then they are forbidden from
turning them over to immigration to be
deported now that's stupid
and there's a lot of counties in
California that are have very cleverly
gotten opted out of the sanctuary State
I live in one of them El Dorado County
and the way we have opted out of this is
our sheriff in our district attorney
have made the list of people in jail and
their release dates public information
which is not that you know they they
call immigration say hey we picked this
guy up like come get him
it's here's a list of people and
immigration can watch that and identify
the people who are here illegally and
then when the police come get them in
and deport them so kind of like a Mylo
for illegal immigrants capability
service ready to be okay if you want to
call it that I guess I gotta brought her
on a broader scope I mean like what do
you think should change about
immigration in the United States in
general because I mean the like talking
about illegal immigration especially
with Republicans no offense it's usually
really frustrating because it seems like
a lot of the things on the table are
wholly unrealistic so things like we're
gonna deport 13 million people or things
that are in my opinion just not
self-serving like rolling back gun and
necks been deporting all of those
children what's like I guess like from a
broader perspective how would you want
to see immigration changed in the United
States look I think legal immigration is
a fantastic thing that's I'm a third
generation American that's why I came to
go there how came here legally from
Poland do you really think it's that
fantastic because it seems like in order
to get here from some places you're
literally on like a decade-long waiting
list it seems like legal immigration is
pretty messed up in the US unless you're
like of exceptional financial background
at the moment it depends on Avenue in
which you come in and people people seek
asylum and there's different numbers of
people that come in from from different
countries but the the point is that
legal immigration is a way of self
selection this is a way that people who
genuinely want to come to the United
States and to seek the American dream
can show and demonstrate that that's
what they want to do and that they have
the wherewithal to do it because it's
yes okay if you are of means it's
certainly easier for you to do a lot of
things in the world but folks who come
here legally and who go through the
proper channels they're showing that
they have a respect for the rule of law
and you can't integrate yourself into
American society if you don't come here
with respect to the rule of law I think
everything that this country has built
and all the opportunity that the people
have here is based on having a very
solid respect to the rule of law if you
go to a country where there's not a
mature legal system where everything is
based on bribes so very hard to get
ahead in that world versus America if we
believe in equality of opportunity then
we have to we have to have respect for
the rule of law to believe in equality
of opportunity it's not going to work
otherwise I mean we say respect for rule
of law but hasn't a lot of American
history literally been built on I don't
to say total disregard for law but I
mean like literally our entire
revolution you know was in part
instigated by our refusal to pay taxes
because we didn't feel we were being
adequately represented or look at what
today you know we talked about sanctuary
cities that kind of buck the federal
government's you know ice and whatnot I
mean a lot of states are doing this in
regards to marijuana right word
technically every marijuana dispensary
that exists is doing so in a federally
legal fashion these can be rated at any
point in time - I mean it feels like a
healthy amount of civil disobedience or
disregard for the law kind of forms
future American opinion as well no those
are decisions that are that are rooted
in democracy I'm talking about decisions
that are made by the individual it's
like having a dispensary that sells
marijuana how is that rooted in
democracy well it's because that was
that was passed by California's
Proposition system right if before that
if before recreational marijuana was
legal in California if you opened up a
weed store you'd get shut down right you
can't just make that decision
unilaterally well but good newly I get
the same about sanctuary cities like we
elect representatives that enact
sanctuary City policy is much the same
as federal as States a lot dispensaries
to exist as well no
and we elect representatives that I
found a sanctuary state okay yeah I mean
I'd say it seems like things like
marijuana would fall under the same type
of um if we want to talk about like
respect for rule of law or if we want to
talk about respecting the process or
American values it seems like the
dispensaries would exist under the same
notion of sanctuary cities did where
some people do feel like this is
something that is I guess worth voting
for people and worth kind of defending
the idea of a sanctuary city of roses
that marijuana stuff well all of those
things were voted into law by the people
rightly or their their elected
representatives if somebody outside of
the united states chooses to come in
here and like commit a crime by coming
here illegally that is not something
that the like any portion of the people
in the united states said was okay right
that it's not there was not a decision
that was up to any sort of
democratically elected body it was a
decision made unilaterally by an
individual and if somebody if individual
doesn't have that kind of respect for
rule of law they're not going to be a
good American welfare okay firstly
that's a huge job I don't know if I
would necessarily good that but I mean
like a lot of Americans seem to port
support things like daca or seem to
support the idea of sanctuary cities
which seems to show there's a support at
least among some Americans for keeping
people that have made it to this country
here to work and whatnot your point
being well that I played well I mean my
point is that it's I don't know it seems
like the the idea that an illegal
immigrant came here unilaterally we're
not talking about the fact that an
illegal immigrant came here but the fact
that there are Americans that seem to
support this idea that people that come
here contribute to the economy
contribute to the country can be just as
much a contributing American as anybody
that just happened to be born on
American soil and therefore has
citizenship again is there a question so
the problem is I hear people retreat
behind this idea of a rule of law a lot
which this seems like a very vacuous
position to take because one a lot of
America is literally found I mean we've
had civil wars in the past is literally
founded on the on the bucking of a rule
of law the whole civil rights movement
people getting you know married
illegally as homosexuals until the
Supreme Court passes gay marriage people
selling marijuana and then opening
dispensaries on their knees so like
there's a lot of American history that's
rooted in this like being against what
the current law is and then the laws
kind of change to accompany the
the people and it seems like with
illegal immigration we've also made kind
of pushes and in that way as well right
Reagan himself was Pro amnesty for
certain groups of people you know we've
got daca that helps get children that
are here federally filed so that we keep
track of them and now we've got people
supporting things like sanctuary cities
so when you have a lot of Americans
pushing for kind of integrating illegal
or undocumented immigrants more into
American life and there's actual public
support for it to back up and say well
this is wrong because of rule of law
that seems like a vacuous position that
needs more supporting arguments for it I
guess it just doesn't seem very
satisfying for me to hear that if
somebody came up to you on the street
and put a gun in your face and took your
wallet would call them a patriot no but
I mean an American citizen can do that
they don't have to be an illegal
immigrant to do that I mean like if my
child was killed by a documented person
rather than an undocumented person I
don't think I'm necessarily gonna have
more outrage that they were killed by an
undocumented person like or if I owned a
business like and I'm have the ability
to hire undocumented workers versus not
even being able to open a business
because I have no workers to hire I mean
it seems like there's a lot of these
issues are more complicated than just
some illegals come over and commit
crimes which they do I mean everybody
commits crimes like what it what is the
actual crime statistics of illegal
immigrants versus citizens do we have
that I don't know but I think I think
Steve is backing himself into a corner
here because you know if if you don't
see that somebody is if you don't think
that somebody is a patriot for sticking
a gun in your face and taking your
wallet how can you call it disrespect
for the rule of law in American virtue
well because because disrespect for rule
of law can mean a lot of things like
somebody you know jaywalking is
disrespecting rule I I'm I'm gonna go
out on a limb here I'm gonna say I just
respect rule of law a lot when I Drive I
speed however somebody that is like the
head of Enron and is disenfranchising
like investors and [ __ ] also distres
with rule of law I don't think that all
of this can fall under the same blanket
much the same way that an illegal
immigrant that comes here illegally
you know disrespects our immigration
rule of law is gonna be a lot different
than an illegal immigrant that comes
here and like rapes and murders someone
I don't think that these things all fall
under the same blanket I don't think you
think that either do you think that
having a national respect for the rule
of law makes America a better place no I
don't think so not necessarily
I mean having respect for rule of law it
is
probably good but I mean a lot of
countries have respect for rollable I
don't think America is exceptional in
those regards
well I think you should try living in a
country that doesn't have respect for
let's see how that works out
wait wait hopefully I mean I guess when
I think of like my success for America
my goal isn't to compare America to like
a country that is like a literal turmoil
like you do I mean do we go to like
sub-saharan Africa or some South
American countries to find like that
these are the countries that I usually
think of like well at least we're doing
better than them so America is better in
this regard like I would rather compare
myself to like Western European
countries when I that all seemed to
follow laws pretty well and operate and
function pretty well the point is is the
ethos of what it means to be an American
right what what does it mean to be an
American to us dude I'm an incredibly
anti culture anti naturalist so our
nationalists I don't I don't even have a
good answer for this one I mean I guess
if you're about a country how are you
still involved in national politics
because it because politics under the
umbrella of politics is our people and
people are things that I'm very
interested in
I guess people as a whole yeah do real
quick I wanna before we go too deep in
this because we spent you know a good
amount of time in this let's go into it
just a more of a little bit of a Hot
Topic thing right now so wait why would
you move on this topic though I want to
get into the next segment of the
immigration here which is the wall so
where do you stand on the wall knowing
that right now we do have roughly a
fence on our large portions of the
border and do you think that adding
whatever it is 15 or 20 or 50 feet wall
that Trump's suggesting do you think
that it's gonna have should we be
funding this is that actually you know
is it worth doing basically I think the
Democrats were throwing a hissy fit I
think it's embarrassing for them why do
you have Pelosi and Schumer up there
like like mom and dad who just caught
you sneaking in after curfew and they're
complaining about spending five billion
dollars on a wall to keep illegal
immigrants out I mean do you know what
Congress spends five billion dollars on
right California alone today we have a
21 and a half billion dollar tax surplus
right in there they're throwing up
throwing up barriers excuse the pun
about a five
for border security this is ridiculous I
mean it's probably more the message on
the wall itself I mean like first of all
the idea that the wall would even do
anything to alleviate any of these
problems is already contentious and then
the fact that I mean Trump is kind of
holding the functioning of the
government hostage for getting funding
for the wall as well I think it's kind
of weird to say that the Democrats are
the ones throwing a hissy fit over it
well I mean in a in a government with an
executive branch and a bicameral so you
can't exactly make the finger side to
say this side is holding things up
because it takes both to pass a law
putting the squirt and President Trump
is pretty disingenuous I mean there were
times where pence himself walked to
Congress with a deal that Trump later
backed out on because there wasn't
funding for the wall I think everybody
is ready to move along with the
government finding and everything except
for the fact that we're kind of having a
discussion over this wall like don't you
think that's a debate that could come at
a later point in time rather than
literally holding the funding of the
government hostage to get this thing
passed I think that that assertion is
completely absent of any understanding
of how government works well I would say
this okay just do it later I feel like
there's a fundamental failure on the
part of the Democrats right now is the
Democrats know that Trump right now is
he's now on the longest government
shutdown we've ever had and he's
desperate to get this wall which you
know in the realistic is not a grand
scheme of things having five billion
dollars in all this type of stuff in it
it's you have the Democrats in a
position right now to demand so much and
instead they're just taking the line of
we're not going to negotiate whatsoever
so I do think it's a failure on part of
the Democrats knowing how much Trump
wants us right now not to go and you
know demand a bunch of [ __ ] to get it
done and actually close the deal so I
don't well it's not as Democrats because
right now it's Trump shut down like
right now it's playing bad for him from
a political point of view so I mean
technically the Democrats are out as
long as possible for political purposes
well no because I I do feel though that
Democrats we have to assume that this
the government is going to reopen
eventually why are the would the
Democrats not to be like it is five
billion dollars they just don't want
Trump to have a win I mean that's the
main reason well they actually it would
play bad for their constituents as well
to literally approve funding for the
wall that all of them are like
symbolically opposed to I mean
so yeah that's how this game works no
that's not how the game should work is
shutting down the government because you
can't fund your baby project on the
border that you promised you know all of
your people at the rallies when your own
party stands against you on it I don't
think that should be how politics works
I don't know you could point that back
to the Democrats and so shutting down
the government because you don't want to
do something that the president was
elected to do like that's just as stupid
I mean you can't you keep pointing it at
the Democrats while ignoring the fact
that the Democrats and the Republicans
had deals on the table that they had
signed that Trump rejected because he
listens to people on Fox and Friends I
mean like we're literally sitting at a
single issue right now for why the
budget isn't passed and it's because of
an election promise that Trump himself
made that a lot of Republicans
themselves stand against I don't see how
you can pin the blame on that when
Republicans have cells stand against
Trumbo so you can pin the blame on that
on Democrats I think you need to come
with more information like more facts to
Spiteri Republicans stand against it
but I mean the fact of the matter is the
Democrats are standing in the way and
they're not passing the budget that the
president wants so whose fault is it
that the government is shut down
wait are you ignoring the finger either
way I mean Trump literally rejected shut
down deals that Republicans negotiated
with Democrats like there a deal is on
the table that these parties both
negotiated with and Trump on his own
unilaterally like shot down these deals
I don't understand how that is like
blamed on the Democrats not to mention
and we're completely ignoring the whole
Mexico would pay for it I think as well
which I know we all want to forget at
this point but look the Democrats they
need to pass a budget right and that
takes a act of Congress and takes the
President to sign the bill
they both have to agree on something
right so when two parties disagree about
something you can't say it's one of
their fault but you can because it's
Trump that is disagreeing on it I don't
understand we disagree with this like
Republicans and Democrats had reached
deals McConnell won't even hold a vote
right now on this legislation going to
Congress I'm not sure if they're at
veto-proof yet right now for the bills
that they could pass in terms of the
budget but this is literally like a
Trump on his own thing
I'm not even blaming the Republicans on
this one and even and even Trump himself
has even come out on media saying that
he will own the shutdown so like if
Trump wants to
the shutdown if Republicans and
Democrats have agreed on legislation
that Trump won't pass I don't see how
any I don't see how in any world this
can be blamed on the Democrats because
they're not the ones passing the bill no
they did though mr. Connolly wants no it
didn't
there's no there's no budget hasn't
happened yet but there was a budget that
the Republicans the Democrats agreed on
it trying to run it down because Trump
wants to veto it
either because he doesn't like what's in
it that's the party because it's not
funding for the because it's not funny
for the wall yes welcome to voter
mandates do you like that's how America
works
that's not how America works which is
evidenced by the fact that this is the
longest shutdown that has ever occurred
in the history of the American
government how can you say this is how
things work when we are literally at a
one-off event that has never occurred
before US history what do you mean it
works because this is what's happening I
mean this is how our government
functions okay well I mean like by
definition we're not functioning right
now because there's literally like
however many millions of federal
employees that aren't getting paid right
now because it's not working
they'll get their back pay when they're
rehired when the government comes back
home oh no wait we say back pay well
eighty percent of Americans live
paycheck to paycheck
I mean how I don't know how many federal
employees are but like back pay isn't
enough for some people and there are
some people that aren't working at all
right now who I don't know if they'll
get back there or not I mean I don't
know that seems like a pretty rude
statement to say like oh well you know
in about a month you'll get a paycheck
when a lot of people are tapping credit
cards and whatnot to pay rent I guess
I'm looking for a little bit of empathy
that I get somebody that is a
multimillion or doesn't have for like an
average working American right now the
idea that you have at Trump that
unilaterally has shut down the
government which he has because
Republicans and Democrats have agreed on
legislation that Trump unilaterally has
shut down to say that federal employees
if I extrapolate from America my
relations eighty percent of whom are
living paycheck to paycheck who are
tapping our credit cards family members
of loans to pay for their rent to tell
these people that you'll just get paid
in a month maybe or two whenever we pass
things I don't know that just comes off
as a little heartless to me I guess
Steve I've lived on ramen noodles all
right I know what it's like to be to not
have the money to pay the rent I know
what it's like to wonder you know what's
going to happen next month am I going to
be able to pay off this
credit-card debt so saying they don't
have empathy for people in the situation
you know where you where you come up
with that well people that might not at
whole might not be paid for a month will
get paid eventually that's a really big
deal you know like they're right on
their ass I'm saying they go I mean if
you haven't gotten paid for a month you
kind of are out on your ass I mean isn't
that the definition of not getting paid
saying that that you know I don't care
about folks like this that's I mean
that's one of those like liberal slights
of hand right that's that's conflating
facts with emotions well let me let me
ask you this do you think that for the
employees that have been mandated as you
know I think they call it important or
required do you think that it's okay
that those guys have to be forced to
continue working without pay forces
there's a certain subset of employees
right now so they've you know like 75%
will be furloughed and then 25% were
deemed essential right so in those ones
they're deemed essential must continue
to work I know that there's a lawsuit
right now where they are there's a union
representing these people saying it's
slavery what's your view on on that
designation of the remaining 25% being
forced to work without pay working
without pay and working with deferred
pay a very different things I worked on
deferred payment before because I've
I've been part of a company that you
know when things are difficult and you
don't know how you're gonna make pay
payroll you as the person in charge you
defer your on pay right and okay fine
I'll work without pay because it's
something that I care about there's a
huge difference between being the owner
of a company that's trying to make
payroll versus being like a federal
employee that can barely make rent
though right like one of these positions
you would like to be in and the other
one is a lot more desperate you've a lot
less options in the ladder and you know
and federally furloughed employees like
aren't gonna be getting back their dogs
they're not what they're not even
working well is it okay when you take a
job with the government why do you do
what you do
I haven't I mean I sure it depends
greatly based on the type of job you
have I mean I
some people really love the work some
people probably thought that's what they
were best qualified for I don't know it
depends so how do you presume to know
what they feel about their situation I
think that drawing from common human
experience I can assume that somebody
that doesn't know where their paycheck
is coming for next week or or in the
next few weeks and doesn't have the
money to survive without that paycheck
is probably going to be very unhappy I
think that's like a fair assumption I
can make being unhappy is one thing
being fulfilled is another right I mean
I I've worked in jobs where I haven't
made a lot of money I've had had to
defer my own payroll and no I'm not
happy about that but I know one dude
something that's worthwhile do you think
it's possible for a lot of people to
pursue fulfillment for themselves or
their family if they literally can't pay
their rent I've been in that situation
and I've been pursuing fulfillment okay
so so you didn't answer my question do
you think that the average person that
can't make ends meet that might not know
if they're gonna be able to feed their
kids are pay for their apartment or pay
for their house do you think that these
types of people can chase fulfilment
when they're unsure of where or if their
next paycheck is coming to them I don't
know what they everybody gets something
different of life well if we had let's
say we let's say we had to take a guess
and let's say that we knew that there
was a person that had a family that they
were responsible for and they weren't
gonna get paid and they don't have money
to get paid and they're furloughed so
they're not even like a back paid or
they don't know when they're gonna get
paid next do you think that it's
possible that these types of people are
probably gonna have a really hard time
chasing fulfilment I think I expected
something better than an arbitrary
strong in no because you see what you're
doing here Steve is that you're you're
defining where the goal posts are and
you're constantly right like again I've
seen this tactic before before in
political debate and it's it's cheating
honestly I'd um I I don't think it's
cheating for me to I can make of it
easily is arbitrary of situation we
don't have to make it up this is a real
situation that millions of Americans are
facing right now that we don't have to
make anything up there are Americans
that work for the federal government
that is being held up by funding
unilaterally by don't we're not even
talking about Americans that aren't
getting tax refunds right now because
the IRS is working with like 12% of
their staff or whatnot
I mean I don't know I guess it just
seems like really really heartless to
just say like you know it's just money
who cares when a lot of people
desperately need this to survive to make
ends meet to get by for a month-to-month
not because they're trying to make
payroll for a multi-million dollar
company but because like this is the
money they need to buy food every day or
pay for their mortgage or pay for their
rent Steve owns the last time you lived
up around the noodles when I was 21 I
was homeless for a couple of weeks and
then I was a carpet cleaner who was in
the process of losing his house when I
was about 22 21 yeah before I got into
streaming I got incredibly lucky and I
stumbled into streaming okay did you
blame anybody for your situation
no did you feel like you made it out on
your own absolutely not nobody makes it
out on their own did you feel like did
you feel satisfied with your outcome
maybe you weren't happy but you felt
like you had some satisfaction with life
when I was living paycheck-to-paycheck
in the process of losing my house no I
wasn't very happy I felt [ __ ]
miserable I mean it was okay but but
once you figured your your situation out
yes satisfying to you yeah once I did
sure okay that's the guarantee of
America that's absolutely not a
guarantee of America what do you mean
there are people that live poor their
entire lives the guarantee of America is
the pursuit of happiness you're not
guaranteed in America to be able to
pursue that are you joking like that's
literally in the Declaration of
Independence the Declaration of
Independence doesn't ensure that you
have enough money to properly pay your
bills or not like you have access to
health care or that like and seriously
the pursuit of happiness
no it doesn't it's written in there in
the text but that doesn't mean you
actually have the ability to do it you
might get killed when you're nine years
old you might be I mean there's a
million different things like everybody
for doing that the Constitution doesn't
allow you to pursue listen to yourself
oh yeah quite often unfortunately in the
text it's not like no it's there in the
text but it's not guaranteed just
because the pursuit of happiness is
written into the Constitution doesn't
mean that you're guaranteed the ability
to pursue that in American life that's
an incredibly one-dimensional reading of
existence so you don't think you don't
think that America is a place where
people are allowed the pursuit of
happiness I think that there are certain
types of people in America that
absolutely can pursue
happiness but I think that there are
other types of people that have a much
harder time doing it can they pursue
happiness I mean some people can yeah
some people who can't I mean it was a
legal ability to pursue happiness it's
not a matter of having no ability to
it's the fact that some people have to
work so much harder for than others do
that's what pursuit is that is literally
definition of pursuit is work towards
something and what I'd like to expect I
don't to have like you know some equal
outcome right is you want to I've never
in my life so I ever referenced equal
outcome but it would be nice if you got
like some sort of no I'm not at all
describing equal outcome what I'm
talking about right now is opportunity
the fact that somebody could be born
into a very wealthy family and maybe
have the option to pursue a math major
in college versus somebody that
literally doesn't even have the
opportunity to attend higher education
doesn't feel like equality of
opportunity to me I haven't referred to
outcome a single time I don't think
everybody in America should be a
millionaire but you're insane if you
think that everybody is born with the
same opportunities or the same ability
to pursue things in life that everybody
else is that's insane
people have different advantages in life
absolutely I mean there's their
advantage is that you're born with right
family money certainly is helpful and
you know I borrowed every dollar I used
to go to school I paid it back so let's
let's talk about one of the bigger
differentiators when it comes to to
money which is health care yeah so
health care right now if you're wealthy
you don't really worry about it too much
you can get it through your job you can
get it from you know you can pay for it
yourself but you know a lot of poor
people can't do it I mean obviously
everyone poor can go into an emergency
room you're not going to die but what's
your view kind of on I guess you could
say single-payer if you will it's stupid
so what is that assumes is dumb oh I
know paranoid
why is single-payer stupid because
there's no room for innovation how does
the other how does it firstly that's not
how innovation works secondly how does
any other country in the Western world
function if they have single-payer
health care
look Steve the point is is the point I
mean it works
why wouldn't we use it it's really
expensive you've any idea what it costs
to have the government pay for
everyone's help I actually have a really
good idea of what it costs did you know
that America pays twice as much is like
the next country for our health care
overall and we don't get anything for it
I mean it's not like we're getting
really really anything except all major
drug discovery first of all let's mote
that's mostly private companies that are
doing that that's not like and when I
say I did and when I say don't get
anything for it what I mean is like our
health care outcomes aren't better than
other countries in some cases our health
care outcomes are worse in other
countries we paid twice as much as the
next country for all of our health care
spending even as a percentage of GDP and
it doesn't seem like we're getting the
health care outcomes that you would
expect for a country that spends as much
money as we do on it what health care
outcomes do you want better child
mortality better infant mortality
raising hospitals better cancer survival
rates I mean I don't know I can't buy
any metric cardiovascular disease
survival rates by any metric the United
States is either on par or worse with
other countries that all use
single-payer healthcare systems and all
spend half as much or less than us so
why is health care expensive here I mean
there's a lot of reasons for why it may
mean I mean because it's been legislated
that way that there's enough jobs and no
politician I would guess would want to
say hey guess what tomorrow we're
getting rid of Aetna we're getting rid
of you know all these health insurance
companies were getting rid of the
establishment and now just the
government pays that would be my logic
look I mean a lot of countries health
care health care is something that
consumers can't really shop effectively
for right like health care represents
pretty massive failure that is
absolutely correct and that is
absolutely a problem that you cannot
shop effectively for health care which
is hell single-payer so moment sir hi
well yeah because the only one store but
that's it like that's in mathematics to
call it the degenerate case I mean
that's not really an answer
it absolutely is an answer if you can't
effectively negotiate for something in a
market then you use a price control to
fix it that's literally the book answer
what do you mean to me the answer is
innovation okay well it doesn't happen
yesterday and millions of Americans
don't have access to health insurance so
how long do you just let people die or
destroy their lives whose again afford
something waiting for an innovation that
every other country seems to not require
to make their healthcare work
single-payer
it it goes against the American spirit
of solving a problem a better way
because you're just depending on the
government to do it now let's say
theoretically that we could remove
enough regulation that made it easy to
start a health insurance company right
how do you think that changes American
health care considering our track record
with health care so far I'd say probably
not much well you really don't have a
whole faith in the American spirit I
mean you can only go by the empirical
data that exists right now and the
empirical data points to the idea that
single-payer seems to work in every
single Western healthcare country
healthcare providing country in the
world and that the free market or
whatever we've had in the United States
has failed miserably empirical data is
all well and good if you want to work
but if you want to be involved in
setting government policy you can't just
show up like professor geek so instead
you just say if people can't afford it
they can just die until some magical
innovation that even economics wouldn't
agree with you is ever going to Emir
absolutely not absolutely not
I'm saying that we've structured the
regulation of health care in this
country so intensely that there's no way
that anybody in their right mind would
get involved in starting a health care
company that's not that's not exactly
true because new airlines coming up
quite frequently health care look like
what was the last new airline you saw
well I mean there's like mergers and
there's there's smaller ones that are
created I'm not talking about creating a
new Delta or things like that but I
think there's something like 500
individual airlines that operate on
different different tags the legislation
is there it just takes funding to do
these things there's certainly a lot of
health services company that offer
healthcare and it's difficult there's a
lot of red tape I just I feel like the
the crippling part of this is the jobs
you don't you don't think that that's
the case that Republicans don't want to
be the one to cut out you know the
hundreds of thousands millions of jobs
that would take from getting rid of the
insurance industry and the lobbying that
goes into effect there because I really
as someone you know unwell off I don't
want to pay for health care you know I
do but
I'd much rather everyone had equal
footing on the healthcare so I I just I
don't see the objection
looking at objectively that everyone
could have equal healthcare it seems so
obvious this is a lobbyist thing like
the reason you know into it we pay taxes
people lobby and it is this way you
don't think that's the guy so I think
that you know you mentioned taking a lot
of money to just start a company like
this right like let's say you wanted to
start it let's say that you had some
innovative technology that could analyze
data in a really specific way to make
fantastic pricing decisions about about
healthcare outcomes and you wanted to
start an insurance company to do this
right to an investor that is like
radioactive because it is so heavily
regulated they just don't want to bother
getting involved you need to hire so
many people up front just to sort of
push paper around for government
regulation that it's insane to to want
to do that as a business right you can
you can make a return for your investors
in so many other ways and that's that is
directly the government's fault by being
far too involved in how the market works
well I mean I agree I think the
government should take over health care
much as they have in many ways I think
the government should take their hands
entirely off health care this is like
the classic Republican answer to
everything every time you point to the
free-market failing to deliver product
on something it's always because there's
too much regulation like I'm pretty sure
and I don't know your position on it but
it wouldn't surprise me at all if you
would say the reason for the 2007 crisis
was because of government too much
government regulation as well right that
it was the government forcing people to
buy houses or making a low-income
housing available to people whatever was
the reason for that well crisis I I
don't know where you're going with that
I'm just curious if that's your position
on it yeah well I mean like to note so
now we're talking about the mortgage
crisis carries if you think for the
mortgage crisis was that due to
government regulation as well it was it
was too much regulation and that concept
I I'm not an expert in the banking
industry I can say okay listen I wanna I
want to ask you something Ted and I want
to say that as I said I've followed you
for a long time and I hope that you're
not gonna give me the Republican stance
on this cuz you seem like a very
intelligent guy so please don't
don't disagree with scientists here but
what are what are your views in general
one on global warming wait why are we
moving because it's just well like this
is like the health care think is really
important like I don't know it like it's
really disconcerting to me that the
United States spent so much on health
care we get so little for it our
outcomes are not comparable with any
other country especially when you
consider what we spend every other
country uses single-payer and it all
seems to be wildly successful in terms
of how much they spend in their health
care outcomes and then in the United
States when you even suggest we try it
like the answer that a lot of
Republicans will give is and who cares a
lot a bunch of people die and maybe
we'll innovate something in the meantime
like that just seems like an insane
answer to provide Medicare who do what
we effectively have a single-payer
health care system by Medicare what
about the working poor that makes too
much to qualify for there's a huge
problem the United States we don't even
know why you would bring that up we both
know that Medicare doesn't cover you
know like medical in California is huge
I don't understand why you're bringing
this up are we both pretending dude do
we want to entertain the delusion that
there aren't like millions of people in
the United States before the ACA that
didn't have no you're saying that that
single-payer healthcare is this like
magical thing and there are several
instances of it in the United States and
they don't see what the magic it because
we don't have single-payer health care
the United States really do you live in
California California is not the United
States
California's one state out of 50 in the
United States single-payer yeah would
mean that there is a single-payer across
the entire federal fifty states
California is a state in the United
States therefore it is part of the
United States
yeah but single-payer in California is
not single-payer across the federal
United States
okay then talk about Medicare Medicare
is not covering everybody in the United
States that's not single-payer it's
Medicare we've even lobbied against
Medicare so the Medicare can't even
negotiate for drug prices so it's not
even like the it doesn't even function
as a single-payer the same way to save
the NHS in the UK does where they are
able to negotiate for drug prices which
by the way is a price control solution
for the massive market failure that is
known as health care I'm not running in
circles you literally call me a geek for
pointing towards empirical data
I don't know Dan no like this is this is
like a really big thing like there are
people that literally have their lives
ruined in the United States because they
can't afford health insurance payments
or because they go bankrupt because they
even if they have insurance the end up
going bankrupt
trying to pay for how the charts and
like to
fed the answer well we just need to wait
for some innovation while every other
country seems to figure this is like
America's huge problem we fight over
things that every other country just
figured out like why are we even
fighting over health care single-payer
works it works in every other country
that tries it
why don't we still wasting money on it
okay so you don't like medi-cal as
single-payer because reasons you don't
like Medicare as single-payer because
it's not available to everybody like
you're going nowhere with this what if
we went towards single-payer what do you
need to qualify for medical does it have
the same problems that Medicare has its
Medicare is California's Medicaid suit
you follow me medica okay
Medical is for when I'm sorry that your
think about medical is California's
Medicaid system okay is how poor people
get insurance okay so in looking this up
okay we qualify for medical yeah so I'm
looking us out the eligibility
eligibility criteria to apply for
medical is you have to be 65 or older so
this isn't help what are the eligibility
criteria to apply for medical I'm
looking up this is on in Shoob I'd
ensure by com maybe this isn't correct
but many common people okay hold on let
me see if I can find because I because
the problem with a lot of the income
stuff is like you can have it you can
qualify for it but your income literally
has to be like fifteen thousand a year
or less like this doesn't cover a lot of
the working poor families in the United
States which is one of the criticisms
aimed at like Medicare for why the
coverage should be expended to more
people or Medicaid Medicare anything
again the goalposts keep on the moving
no they're not this is my goal post the
entire time was that health care should
be made available at affordable to
everybody in the United States or
provided by the government via
single-payer that's that's that's my my
main goal post the entire time a
single-payer system I don't notice a we
think it's not Obama didn't Obamacare
make it mandatory or you know stop don't
what do you think we what do you think
Obama care is Obama care is I mean the
individual mandate as it's significant
part of it Obama care is nothing to do
with single-payer
okay you've either talking about
single-payer or you're talking about if
it may have your mind okay so it seems
like the only way to make health care
available to everybody is via
single-payer I don't understand almost
legislate into existence like Obama did
I don't do you think the Affordable Care
Act was single-payer health care no I'm
not saying it's single-payer health care
I'm saying it's health care for all not
but not but not affordable health care
not really I mean it did called the
Affordable Care Act it I mean it made
strides towards getting more Americans
insured I think 11 or 12 more million a
million Americans became insured but it
still has all of the private health
insurance industries working here and
then now it's going to collapse because
the mandate was just revoked but that
didn't give a single-payer health care
which was what we were kind of gunning
for and initially well no you can't make
up your mind this is what you want the
solution to the problem to be do you
want everybody to have access to health
care do you want single-payer health
care that's one way to do it there mom
okay so for like the fifth time so my
goal is single-payer health care that
means the federal government has one
health program that everybody buys into
and then like a lot of other countries I
guess you're gonna private insurance on
top of the to the site but that's like
the the goal okay that's the goal post
is buried and there's concrete
underneath it it's under the dirt it's
there okay okay so you want to expand
Medicare
yeah expanding Medicare seems to be a
popular thing that pulls what with both
parties yeah like a Medicare the Ross
probably a lot of money but I would
imagine well I'm gonna come from I mean
it would have to come from taxpayers I
imagine so I'll be fund most government
programs well I mean depending on what
members of Congress who listen to you
could just pay for it
what do you mean you could just pay for
it I'm talking about Ocasio cortes wait
what do you mean when you say you could
just pay for it who is you you you know
you that's what she said she nobody
seems to know where to come up with the
money for this that's how we fund
everything with the government do you
mean we where where does money come from
I mean I don't know maybe you raise the
higher marginal rates or I mean maybe
you raise the capital gains rates I mean
I don't I don't know specifically which
taxes you would raise to do it but
there's already a lot of money in
America that's chasing health care I
don't know if I mean there's the money
you really want to pay or health care
you don't know a whole lot
here's what I know what I know is that
every other western country in the world
can do it I feel like there's probably a
pretty easy way that America could
figure out as well whether that's
raising the marginal rates whether
that's getting the money from some other
type of tax I don't know where exactly
the the money would come from I don't
know the exact path to fund this but I
mean I'm sure it could come from
somewhere else and it's very ironic that
you're criticizing me for not knowing
exactly where the funding should come
from for healthcare when Trump can't
even come up with five billion dollars
for a wall so I mean I don't understand
how I'm the one being criticized for not
knowing where the funding is coming from
it's because you know so much that just
ain't so what what have I said that's
factually incorrect I mean everything
you're saying about single-payer health
care is I mean I have no idea like how
would you possibly make that work in the
United States
how does every other western country
make it work it seems like everybody's
figured this out but US are we just that
slow or behind compared to the rest of
the world like how do you preserve the
incentives the American health care
system I mean other companies like drugs
come out of the United States do you
think that's just because of the profit
motive you don't think there are people
to get into researching because they're
genuinely interested you don't think
there's still money that could be found
there via government grants via
government subsidies via private
incentivization like all that stuff
Gonzalez is probably quite a bit of
market probably quite a bit of money
we're going we're going in circles I'm
sorry I got a drop so no all right so
look what we'll come back to the global
warming question I'll let you think
before you embarrass yourself too much
here let's talk about the platforming
which is something I know both of you
guys are very passionate about heard you
got some experience with that he did he
did he got effectively and I would say
if you ask my opinion it was well
deserved so let's talk about the
platform yeah um it's silly it's like
it's like a liberal hissy fit in Silicon
Valley it's like oh my god I don't like
what somebody says I'm gonna kick him
off my service really well are you
saying that people should be mandated to
keep everyone on their service I'm
saying that if you're advocating for net
neutrality but you should apply it all
the way up see wait what does net
neutrality have to do with a company
banning somebody
their platform think about it for 30
seconds before you open your mouth again
okay
what does net neutrality have to do with
somebody banning it coming from their
platform so net neutrality ensures that
Internet service providers in the United
States aren't allowed to give
preferential access to certain web sites
that the Internet service providers that
provide you access to the entirety of
the internet can't preferentially market
traffic in different areas net
neutrality has absolutely nothing to do
with a private entity that hosts other
people's contents on their servers there
is nothing in that neutrality
really yeah really really really okay
yeah what about the private entity
that's connecting all the Internet
together with cables that they on well
what about it what about it you can't
they choose to conduct their business as
they see fit what do you mean what oh my
god you mean like a logical whole I
don't understand so you're talking about
the the fiber operators like level three
cogent all that type of stuff who
transit horizon etcetera so you're
saying what exactly what like why can't
why can't they why can't they give
preferential treatment to to traffic on
their network they own the pipes right
now well right now they can that's what
net neutrality would say is like well
maybe this shouldn't happen right my
rudimentary understanding of it is that
it prevents bandwidth providers
essentially from giving different
priority access to certain content right
so if you're you know whatever
twitter.com I can't say that hey if you
buy the comcast super spot you know pack
whatever that's gonna be faster but it
has nothing to do with the actual
Comcast Paris right with the actual
Twitter web site prioritizing anything
it's all to do with bamboo providers
you've received major grants to build
out the infrastructure well I mean
that's their their company they can do
what they please with it right well no
they can't because they took literally I
think it's tens of billions of dollars
to build the infrastructure that powers
most of this across the country so no
they they have much more than a publicly
owned entities no even even if even if
we even if we ignore those subsidies
right now they do have the ability to
but the argument that
is presented for net neutrality is that
maybe these companies shouldn't have the
ability to decide this because it only
represents a demonstrable harm and it
doesn't seem to provide any value to
Americans and because of the nature
we're go ahead
see also censorship on social media I
don't think that these two things are
comparable wait wait but you're you're a
tech guy you must understand the
difference between having your local ISP
deciding what content you can see and
then trying to change the actual content
that your you're trying to see in the
first place there they're two very
different neutrality is based around the
fact that your telephone provider or
your internet provider is not able to
modify or slow down or change the
content that you're requesting to
receive it has nothing to do with the
content you're requesting the way that
they operate their business or change
anything it's totally you just you're
just like landing at a different spot in
the TCP stack right but that's what
these different spots on the TCP stack
required total are totally different
economies and the thing that hurts is
that I know you know this so if we're
gonna talk about markets the barrier to
entry to starting a social media site
like I could literally start one right
now if I want it to a shitty little site
on AWS and start getting people to log
in to start an ISP that actually like
delivers like Internet to people and
owns or leases infrastructure that
barrier to entry that is way way way way
way higher so the potential for abuse
there is way way way way higher which is
why somebody would argue that something
like net neutrality would help with that
would prevent some sort of market
failure there that would cut off a lot
of people from the internet but for any
individual social media network where a
million different other ones could pop
up that these aren't things that need to
be regulated in that same sense that
these represent two totally different
markets ok so let's talk about like gab
for example started as a alternative to
Twitter right they got to be platform by
their payments provider because they
didn't like what they were doing ok
right so so no it's it's not actually
feasible to go and start a competitor to
one of these they're only one payment
provider that they can use no there are
multiple what the point is like you can
sure you can start a competitor 20 of
these things but you're going to deface
d platforming it every step of the way
well you know what actually I think I
kind of agree I think I kind of agree
with Ted here I think that instead of
net neutrality I think that all the
infrastructure should just be publicly
owned I'm actually in favor of that I
think that's a really good
I think that's a better step in the
direction to go actually really good you
own all of the infrastructures publicly
owned and then you lease the last mile
or whatever out to whatever IP wants to
open a plan or whatever down the street
in your city actually there are some
municipalities that are doing something
like that in El Dorado County here where
I live just passed a dick once policy
where if some utility is trenching for
some reason we lay fiber along that
trench as well a lot of the physical
layer is owned by the county and
Internet service providers can lease
like bandwidth on that fiber huh yeah
you would be you would be against the
idea of your city directly offering you
Internet access
correct I would be against the idea in
my city having a monopolist what if the
city owned lines to everybody's house
and then the thing that the ISP rented
was literally like like that so the city
would own fiber coming from your house
to the top outside up to the node all
the way and then at the then at the
plant level these things would be ran by
ISPs would this be like a system that
you would be okay with so basically the
city owns all the infrastructure up to
like the planet south and then that's as
long as an ISP I could I could go to it
and get get fair access okay so look I
want to make a point here the the
fundamental difference between the you
know your ISP and the service provider
it is is massive so first of all I would
I don't have the statistics offhand but
I'd be willing to say a majority of
places that you live in the United
States especially rural areas have one
option for broadband one and it's only
that one and if you're in a position
where this provider can set any rules
that they want on you whatsoever saying
you know what you have to pay more to
access liberal websites you have to pay
more to access Republican websites
there's no it's not like hey you know if
some some competitors can come in these
things are legislated in they've paid
for the lines it's not possible to have
another ISP come into there so that's
why I met neutrality was important for
that making sure that to simplify this a
little bit the person you talk to you
the transmission should not be getting
modified essentially right now you're
I'm saying that's a good thing that the
transmission doesn't get modified you're
saying that we should be able to modify
the person saying the thing on the other
end is well that that should be
legislated so these these tech companies
like like Twitter and
look their distribution channel is so
huge and so powerful that they have
crossed the line - we're building
another one has the same sort of capital
requirements necessary as building an
ISP I don't know I know there's
arguments there are legitimate arguments
to be made there that I totally see I
just have no idea how you can't extend
those to other things like employers in
the United States or like healthcare in
the United States like that blows my
mind like you're basically saying that
there is a massive market failure
because some of these companies are so
huge they control so much of the market
space that being de platform here
actually challenges your First Amendment
right which I think there are legitimate
arguments there but then when you talk
about like access to health care you're
comfortable saying yeah well screw it if
you can't afford it who carries maybe an
innovation will come along why can't I
turn that same with yeah sure so here's
my here's my challenge to you
who cares if Twitter and Facebook do
platform you why can't the free market
just provide another big social media
site to come along and innovate because
Twitter and Facebook are they're so huge
they're moat is so defensible that it's
it's simply not feasible to start a
competitor to them and you don't think
it's the same with insurance companies
oh I think but it is the same with
insurance companies but that's only
because of government patient so you're
telling me it's easier to start a
brick-and-mortar insurance company that
it would be easy to do that without
legislation than it is to just start a
tech startup a social media site I would
say it's easier to start an insurance
company that is to build something that
is on the scale of Facebook today it
doesn't have to be on the scale doesn't
necessarily absolutely because that's
the whole point of the exercise MySpace
and you know there's been other things
that have grown Instagram grew at the
same time Facebook did yes Facebook
acquired it whatsapp grew at the same
time Facebook did yes Facebook acquired
it I mean these are smart business
decisions you also have you know tinder
group you have LinkedIn I mean yes these
companies end up getting acquired but
they don't have to be there is space for
innovation and you know what Facebook
usage you know if there could very well
be the next Facebook coming out
I mean people thought my face was
completely entrenched would never be to
throne than it was sure I mean if
somebody wanted to build you know
something on the scale of Facebook as a
social network for their cats right
there's not exactly a controversial idea
but if somebody wanted to build
something on this
gay love Twitter that conservatives
could express an opinion on that's a
different matter because they need to
defend on an entire like constellation
of other like services and products to
make that happen
right so like who gets the D platform
you right does you does your cloud
provider get to be platform you does
your payments writer to get to be
platform you this is the constants game
of whack-a-mole does your health
insurance get 2d platform you do
hospitals that decide which insurances
they want to take it too deep platform
you does the availability of your
insurance do your work get 2d perfect I
don't understand how you can't provide
these exact same arguments in regards to
health care but you do to social yeah
your how on earth you connecting these
together like health care is a business
that like very heavily regulated by the
government even if we got rid of the
regulation the Internet is a business
that is like basically entirely
unregulated by the government which
means we get these stupid things like D
platforming or whatever right so well D
plant you college students actually a
protection of the First Amendment right
but I mean so how was net neutrality not
how wasn't it neutral you not what are
you sorry its artists I was the absence
of net neutrality not doctor knew first
Oh neutrality is an attack against the
first member right but the argument
there is that the the the industry is so
heavily monopolized and the barrier to
entry is so massive that there's just no
way that anyone could reasonably step in
a computer much the same way that is
also Facebook and Twitter that have
existed for less than that have existed
for like a decade how long is Twitter
even existed like when it comes to media
to wait when it comes are you Mike Kyle
when it comes to media distribution
media distribution they're enormous
right like how would you distribute this
show without like twitch and Amazon I
mean you way to use mix it I mean there
I mean it's the free market right
another tech startup will come along and
we'll solve the problem but they all
decide they don't like you they don't
like what you have to say what do you do
then did you go and we move to the next
planet well I mean what do you do if you
can't get insured by health insurance
company what do you do then if you've
got a pre-existing condition or they
don't want to show you for some reason I
mean no we're talking about apples and
oranges here would not it's directly
comparable I don't understand how you
how many is not gonna tell you like show
you the door because your kids no but
they could shut well not now thanks to
the Affordable Care Act or they could
shut the door because you have like type
one diabetes
but the point is that these decisions
from the tech companies are being made I
mean so like at the Wynn with with no
oversight whatsoever like there's we
know you know that firstly there is no
how do you know first of all there's
probably one day they don't like you
okay but generally when people are
banned it's usually because of some user
guideline or whatever and I don't think
that there's like a mass banning of
conservatives happening on Facebook or
Twitter or at least I haven't heard of
this happening there's certainly no due
process there's no there's no way that
you can go and try to convince them
otherwise if you were to walk into a
McDonald's I'm sure if you walk into a
McDonald's and a manager decides to
throw you out or ban you from Oh
McDonald's it's not due process there
either it's a way then you get a Burger
King okay and if you get kicked off a
Facebook or Twitter you go to gab
I mean we're Scotty point by they can
use another payment provider who also
has the option if you platforming them
that's I mean are you trying to say that
you want more government involved with
business and more regulation on private
businesses because that's like oh I know
that's trying to say that that you can't
simultaneously support this arbitrary
platforming and network neutrality that
they're in direct conflict logically
with one another okay but you can say
just as easily that this idea that the
healthcare industry should be totally
unregulated and it should be no holds
bar and anybody do they want you can't
take that and then also say well social
media that needs heavy government
regulation as well these are logically
in commensurable assuming you have a
government regulation we then how would
you keep them from the platforming Papa
wait how would you give these funny
people platforming our logic Lincoln's
okay what is your solution
I imagine you're upset about a perceived
the platforming of Republicans on
Twitter and having to go to gap in other
places so no maybe not me that that was
me assuming there so maybe you don't
give a [ __ ] and that's fine too do you
think that there's a solution in place
here for this to happen
what do you mean the solution place do
you think there needs to be a solution
in place or do you think it's fine
as far as Republicans getting to
platforms or the view that they are I
think maybe we're maybe we're in
agreement on a solution employ I think
that that at the very least at the very
bare minimum there needs to be some kind
of due process
so some you have accountability like
personally thing if you own like if your
Twitter or Facebook right and your your
kicking off messages that you don't like
you're effectively exercising editorial
control therefore you have to have some
accountability for what is set up so you
think there should be what is not so
there should be government oversight for
social media platforms that ban people
these are things that I think they're I
think the proper incentives need to be
we what is then how the proper
incentives meaning so for example if you
are going to kick opinions off your that
you don't write you are editorializing
when you do that
and if you choose to editorialize then
you bear some culpability for the
content that remains on your platform
but if you choose not to editorialize
then you shouldn't bear any culpability
for what remains on your platform
because then you actually are our
platform so you think that I'm just
trying to hear you say so you think
there needs to be government oversight
over social media there needs to be some
form of regulation Joe no I'm saying
that any net oversight but I'm saying
that a a social media site ought to have
to choose either you're going to
editorialize and bear culpability for
the content that remains on your
platform or you do not editorialize do
not be in content in which case you do
not have any responsibility for what is
done on your platform I need to hear I
need to hear this so when you say they
shouldn't be allowed to editorialize who
would be in charge of overseeing that if
they did editorialize who would be in
charge of that oversight well if you are
caught like banning content that you
don't like that is editorial okay so who
would be in charge of overseeing that
that they're not doing that what that's
a private suit that's that's probably
individual who's being discriminated
against so there so Facebook could make
its own private company that would
oversight itself or know like if you're
conservative and you're publishing on
Facebook and you come to find out that
censor like you then would have recourse
against that company so you would be
able to take them to court
sure and then who would decide whether
you're right or wrong that is what the
job of a judge who is part of the
government so we're talking about more
government oversight into these types of
like the the legal system is not
government oversight it is a means of
settling disputes because he already has
oversight Oh sue Twitter constantly like
there is a recent lawsuit about people
trying to give Twitter liability because
they didn't effectively and quickly
enough being some Isis and that was
overturned because they said that the
law doesn't support it that Twitter
doesn't have to do it so you want to
create a new law that changes that yes
what I like to say is if you operate an
internet service platform like some kind
of social media platform you have two
paths one you can choose to to ban
whatever content you don't like from
your site right you can editorialize
your site but in that case you're
effectively a yeren news publisher at
that point like you bear some
responsibility for what is said on your
site or the other side is you can say
you know what I I'm a platform for
people to communicate I am NOT going to
editorialize and it's a laissez-faire
environment for and for the free flow of
information in which case you have legal
protections over the information that
flows over your site and the people who
post the stuff they're the ones who bear
the responsibility but we have a law for
this you may be familiar with it because
you operate this the the CDA the
Communications Decency Act right yeah
but it goes the other way it grants
protections for people who do
editorialize and I think that's silly so
you you would repeal this law you think
well I mean look like I'm running for
California State so I know that that's
not your thing I'm just asking you a
personal view versus if you have this I
think the law is wrong I think the law
creates bad incentives for the internet
I'm surprised about this on a I guess an
entrepreneurial level so I'm thinking
about I create startups you did is well
think about the the onus of having to
create a start-up now and fit into this
type of thing so imagine when when just
think back to what's that stupid new
thing that the euros have now the GDP
our GDP our imagine we had to deal with
that [ __ ] when we were creating our
stuff back in the day what a pain in the
ass that is and now you're talking about
another thing or if I create any social
media website whatsoever I have to
somehow be responsible for these
mother's no I'm saying you have you have
two choices
no less I'd be responsible you can but
saying is vibe and one person right
let's say someone comes on the site that
is streaming hardcore porn I can't be on
this person because if by me banning
them without a tribunal I now open
myself up to like mitigation site yeah
like that you can't there has to be a
middle ground look anybody who is who is
using a website or a platform to
broadcast content that is clearly
illegal right
that's a matter for law enforcement oh
no no I'm torn I'm saying doing
something blatantly against your Terms
of Service for the sake of argument
let's say that you made your own twitch
and you own twitch and this is a site
for you to broadcast video games and
that is the intended purpose and only
purpose and you are running this website
and you see that you come on tomorrow
and guess what
someone is streaming UFC on one channel
and then someone else is streaming
hardcore corn on the other channel in
your eyes you as the website owner who's
trying to attract more investors and
more advertisers things like that you
would think that I can't be in this
person because this isn't illegal okay
right that that person might have the
copyright for UFC here you might have
the copyright for that porn I don't know
I just have to leave that there that
would be your take on them I mean you
can you can move it around for sure but
actually just simply banning somebody
based on the content that they put on
your on your platform if you if you
fancy yourself a platform then like by
definition it's not up to you to decide
what goes on your plot I prefer the
whole like us I guess everything
relating to the Internet has been thus
far no what do you mean no I mean look
at look at like cloud providers right
like their platforms they're fantastic
platforms and they get to ignite who's
on them what do you mean no like you I
mean there's like porn hosts that I name
is on first right but and they can deep
laugh oh if you want to look at even
even domain registrar's like GoDaddy
have kicked certain people off of there
off of being able to own certain domains
I mean yeah sure this is precedent so
far this is precedent so far that that
private companies that have internet
websites can decide who they want to or
not want to host like this is so far
been established for and again to
clarify I think that's stupid as well I
don't think the domain provider should
be in the
for very extreme things where you have
the government sending literally like
this is running a botnet or this is like
holding you know a terrorist cell I
don't think that the domain where the
star should be used for any sort of
access control whatsoever so I'd agree
with you on that front but I just think
that we're talking about very different
you know sections of the pipe here as
far as register I mean you must see the
difference between if I live in you know
[ __ ] Alabama and I have one way to
get online that company somehow
censoring me and I have zero options
versus you know I get banned on Twitter
for you know being racist or something
like that and I can go somewhere else
that you know there has to be something
that's that's right let's think of you
but nothing that I'm not saying that
Twitter or Facebook shouldn't be able to
ban content that they don't like I'm
saying if they do that then they have
some responsibility for the content that
remains on there actually it does I mean
that's what the whole point of the Terms
of Service and everything is right is
that they bear responsibility for the
content or no they don't have legal
responsibility currently there is no
legal responsibility for for anything
the type of content you're talking about
I mean like if you're talking about like
they have to take it down if they're if
they're notified yeah exactly so that's
yeah so like something like YouTube is
is is kind of liable for the content as
well they're not necessarily liable for
copper anything trans as long as they
follow what they need to to remain it or
safe harbor provisions right as long as
they follow like DMCA takedown requests
and whatnot but I feel like he's saying
that they should be liable even if it's
not reported to them this is my guess
right if you're gonna go and deep
platform some people but that just
sounds like looking at like if you own a
site that's like a [ __ ] nightmare
thing like imagine like you bands yeah
it should be hard to do the stupid thing
I guess that's just to don't let me let
me out let me ask you a question here
cuz this is this is important
what how should Twitter react let's say
they come across or reported about an
account that is a Holocaust denier or
you know a race realist or something
like that just something that's very you
know across the board wrong or extremely
racist how would you want them to react
in that case now that's not illegal I
mean in some countries is in Germany it
is but not here how would you want them
to react to the United States if you saw
you know an anti-semitic
Twitter account what's the proper action
well look I mean all that stuff is
entirely asinine right like that's
that's not speech that many people want
to hear myself included but that's
protected speech under the First
Amendment yeah you this protected speech
you're right but it's not certainly not
to my taste
I know it's not to the taste of a lot of
other people I'll be careful of those
people are gonna be your voters really
but realistically though what what do we
do about that let's say that you were
running Twitter for whatever reason how
would you how would you handle that if
you came across that I mean what do you
do about somebody writing a book that
you don't like you don't buy it do you
think that publisher should be compelled
to publish every single book that's sent
to that sent their way the same way that
Twitter you're saying Twitter should be
compelled to publish well you're saying
Twitter should be compelled to publish
every tweet right no I'm saying if
they're going to editorialize then they
bear ability so if you're if you're a
publisher and you decide which books you
want to publish or which books you don't
want to publish how's that different
from Twitter deciding which tweets they
want to publish or not publish well the
difference there is that you know if you
want to stand up and speak on a street
corner or you want to go to Kinko's and
make a thousand cup
it's like asinine racist track like the
First Amendment does protect you from
doing that right and you can handle your
documentation out to anybody you want
though and they're totally free to throw
in the trash right but but in a case of
Twitter this is such humanity has not
evolved to deal with being able to
communicate across the world in 600
milliseconds right is an entirely new
concept for us to understand in the way
that we're going about it right now is
completely haphazard right so it's
totally unfair to equate something like
Twitter which is a massive instantaneous
worldwide distribution channel to
something like a book publisher what
they're both publishers are huge and
published books that are seen all around
the world as well yeah but they don't
that information doesn't travel in 600
millisecond it could it absolutely could
how how do you move a book from the
United States to Africa
okay you're a tech guy you should be
able to think for two seconds at some
massive maybe even one of the largest
tech companies in the world that has a
way for people to digitally read books I
know you can think of this is called
Kindle what if this absolutely happens
what do you mean
I just said that comparing paper book
publishers to the Internet is apples
oranges all right let's let's move on to
I think we've gone through what we can
hear a lot of talk in the news about
fake news all right
how do we solve this this perceived
problem and what's yeah you want it
that's that's a really interesting one
so alright I mean fake news is is
something that is significant but I I
don't think it requires like banning you
for a Ministry of Truth the government
organization no not at all Ministry of
content hosting though that makes us say
you have to host content even if you
don't want sorry my bed so good so look
fake news the exercise today like I said
we're not evolved to deal with the way
the information is distributed around
them we haven't figured that out as a
species and thick news is the first real
instance of that becoming a significant
problem
so I mean previously we depended on like
newspapers and our news anchors to give
us truth right and and save for some
instances where that didn't happen in
general there was faith in the system
that what you read in the newspaper was
generally accurate I mean I'm talking
pre-internet days today who knows
because you had this wealth of
information that is available to
everybody all the time and whether or
not it's true it's going to take an
individual a way more time than it's
worth to go in and research you know
some screwball article they find them
we're linked on Facebook so spending the
time to try to decide what is true is
not nearly as important as spending the
time to try to decide who wants me to
believe that this is true I think that's
a new social muscle that we have to
start exercising and it's something we
have to start teaching teaching kids is
to not only spend time questioning
without something's true but question
who's behind this who wants me to
believe that it's true what are the
motivations what is your your thoughts
on I don't mean to to come out here but
I'd hoped that you'd agree with parts of
this that is when Trump would seed news
that are you know negative towards him
it would immediately be fake news when
many times it's certainly not fake news
it's verified as being the truth and do
you think that this behavior of calling
anything out that's negative or
unfavorable as fake news is is harming
the public trust in the media and also
the ability to to get facts and almost
turning us in a certain manner to
fascism I have I mean fascism is no it's
not fashion I mean come on really Dan
you mean ultra-nationalism around a
single strong leader that's trying to
demonize every single other person
around the doesn't give them what that's
come on not even closed in yeah we're
not talking about Nancy Pelosi here
honestly where are those three a million
illegal immigrants that Trump said voted
that you put together the Commission to
find they had to disband it because
couldn't find a single instance all
right but but you must understand that
that Trump frequently is going on and
saying things are fake news when they're
not and and it's harming I think on both
sides both Republican and Democrat that
we're not able to verify AB news is true
and I think you know look there are odds
that are probably pretty good
I would guess or at least certainly 5050
at this point that the next president
that we have will be a Democrat and I
think that the damage that's being done
by Trump by calling things out as fake
news know this is the original size
money okay let's say 2024 then okay for
the sake of argument well we might not
even be able to get rid of him if the
government is still shut down then I
don't even know if we'll have the
process to deep life you must understand
that if if a Democrat comes into power
this fake news mantra that's been
created now will be extremely dangerous
for Republicans now whenever we're going
to Democratic president is in and Fox
News says hey this guy's doing it you
say it's fake news and they'll be
ingredient to society no I think fake
news is a lazy way of saying that you
should question who wants you to believe
this is true and I don't think there's
anything wrong with that I don't think
there's anything wrong with questioning
the motivation for
content that you see today I think the
big fear is I think somebody calling you
out is fake news is saying like hey you
know you should look into who wants you
to believe this I don't I think the big
problem is like with with Trump
literally like just telling like just
bold-faced lies I think is the problem
that we're running into and then
accusing other people of fake news while
he like literally publishes things that
are just demonstrably not true like I
poked fun at the three million illegal
immigrant voters earlier like these
things are like undermining like
literally institutions of American
democracy the idea of attacking the you
know American voting institution to say
the three million illegals voted like
that's a pretty scary thing I think I
mean there's there's there's a lot of
this stuff I'm just saying I think that
it's the people should be able to trust
the media to a certain extent media
[ __ ] up but I think across the board
generally they try to do the right thing
would you agree with that statement no
do you think that Fox News is more
honest than for instance like a CNN or
an MSM I think that media today has a
single job and that's to make money so
you would you would equate them as being
equal so to speak then so like all
networks are kind of you know just
because you're on a genuine is okay well
I mean I guess I can kind of see that I
mean in it that's a really good fascism
tactic that's actually I think the
Soviet Union published literature on
that one of your guys as a dictator is
to make it so that every single news
organization is seen as equally
ridiculous that's a big thing with when
you talk about publications like The
Daily wire or crazy people like Alex
Jones one of the goals is to trick
people into thinking because you can
point out some factual inaccuracies of
some publication all of a sudden it's
become just as dumb as every publication
so you get people saying like CNN and
the National Enquirer and Alex Jones are
all the same type of thing isn't that
what you just said about the president
what do you mean what did I say about
the president meaning if you point out
something like a handfull effect oh wait
I'm sorry your mic cut off you said if
you point out a fact like a handful of
facts you're saying you're saying that
like with the media you know you call it
fascist to to say that you know pointing
out counterfactual things you know
implies that
entire thing is rotten oh no the problem
with Trump is that Trump hasn't just
like misspoke in a couple times on an
issue to protraction like I would
imagine like most major media thinks to
like it's happened a couple times with
CNN where people have literally been
fired over misreporting something and
then a retraction is posted or whatever
and I acknowledge that retractions are
nowhere near as effective as an original
stories well of course the media
definitely make mistakes but the problem
is that with Trump it seems to be more
of a deliberate process where like you
know we are I enjoyed what maybe out is
true I mean I think that like as
especially over the past couple of years
I think that most of the major media
outlets have tried their best to get
things right for the most part so wopo
the New York Times CNN MSNBC I think if
they've tried for the most part to get
things right that's why that's why when
people like Ray Holland that's why
people like a fox news well no it's not
because people like sean hannity
intentionally no there's absolutely not
true because they're pundits people like
sean hannity well intentionally I mean
look at when Cohen revealed that that
Hannity was his his other client in
court and in handy he literally has this
guy in a show and never discloses that
right or they push narratives like van
Ghazi or uranium one right like no I
never equate Fox News with somebody like
CNN or MSNBC only somebody that's
completely media literate whatever even
dream of doing that that's absolutely
insane and thus the bias blooms I mean I
know it's I mean what do they say
reality tends to have a liberal bias I
mean I don't know what to say but the
problem with Trump was that Trump
doesn't just make some factual
inaccuracy sometimes like Trump
literally tells bold-faced lies to push
certain narratives and he's been caught
doing this a number of times and they're
not mistakes
they're just intentional Trump lies
where he lies to sell a narrative the
media intends to drive a narrative and
you know their reporting is factual ish
but the point is that they're they're
editorializing they're driving a
narrative so it's worth questioning
who's behind it it's worth questioning
what are the motivations for this
I agree but that doesn't give you carte
blanche to just make [ __ ] up really it's
absolutely silly to say that you should
believe it whatever your evening media
you know absolutely that without
questioning even a little bit what the
motivations are I can't like Steve it's
amazing to me that you would suggest
something like that it's amazing you
think I suggested that I never said
anything like that what I just said was
interest I said so that all the liberal
media outlets are absolutely I say wait
hole and you might cut out you said
absolutely what
you just said that all the liberal media
outlets are fine I swear to god I'm not
doing this intentionally do you have
like a it cut out you said the liberal
media outlets are absolutely and then
the mic drops out you said that the
liberal media outlets are absolutely
correct
Coran at Fox News is no I didn't say
that they were absolutely correct you
know and just like believes something
like that wholesale without even
questioning what motive it so I think
specifically what I said what the
specific words I said was that it feels
like they're trying to get the right
thing done feels like we're talking
about facts and that feelings do why do
you think that facts are like well
always 100 percent easily discernible I
don't know what world you live in but
you just said it feels like media is
this way feels like that they generate
well I mean like well the thing is is
that if I appeal to something like
PolitiFact you're just gonna say that
they're probably a politically biased
institution just like everything that
disagrees I mean every institution has
its political bias absolutely that's the
point I'm making is that it's worth
questioning what are the motivations
behind what you're reading sure but that
statement it's red versus fake news
which is I'm calling something fake news
is a very short way of saying you ought
to question what's behind this no it's
not would you call something fake news
you're implying that that is literally
fake news you're not saying there's a
difference between like hey you guys
should definitely put which by the way I
100 cent agree with you should
absolutely question the motivations
behind something because I do agree with
what you said earlier that the main goal
of all media is to make money which is
really [ __ ] up in the United States
and I do agree the you should question
like biases behind people that's
definitely true especially when it comes
to us reporting on [ __ ] foreign
policy which is atrocious on every media
outlet but just because you're
questioning something doesn't mean that
it's fake news or just because
something's written with a bias doesn't
mean that it's fake news in the same way
that CNN favorably covering some event
that happened in the Middle East isn't
fake news in the same way that Sean
Hannity saying Hillary Clinton
unilaterally sold 1/5 of our uranium to
Russia is fake news these are two
entirely different types of things is
omission of information a lies deep it
really depends but that's not even what
we're talking about here no that's
absolutely we're talking about because
if you're going to present one story and
not include facts that are relevant to
the other
then that's that is what I would call
fake news because then it's really worth
questioning why are you reading what
you're reading okay I don't necessarily
disagree but I don't think that had
anything to do with what I just said
no it has everything to do with you just
know it has nothing to because I just
had because if you if somebody publishes
an article that expresses a particular
viewpoint and they leave out some
significant piece of information that
supports another viewpoint yes that is
fake news it's not good that I would
call that biased news it's not fake well
I'm saying fake news is a way of saying
you ought to motivate look at that
that's not how most Americans view it
when when Americans hear fake news they
think that everything that's made in
this publication is fake not that only
one side is being presented I know and I
started this conversation by saying that
fake news is something that we need to
teach people how to interpret this feels
like some 1984 like double plus good
doublespeak that we got going on I'm
getting lost if somebody tells me that
something is I'm trying my best cuz the
conservative doublespeak
man it took you 20 minutes earlier to
get you to admit that you want a
government oversight when you're talk
about people taking companies to court
for deep lie forming them so I'm trying
to understand this here so fake news
which any same person you talk to if you
say if you tell somebody hey that's fake
news they wouldn't say Oh fake news that
must mean that they probably presented
one side favorably and they might have
omitted facts an aside it literally most
people interpret it as Oh fake news it's
just invented it's being made up like
global warming is fake news or
immigration or diversity of well at
least let him respond because I just you
can't let me like do that in an Eleanor
Smart when somebody says when someone
says fake news right that like it calls
that piece of information to question in
one way or another and the point is you
can choose to disbelieve something or
you can choose to question its
motivations or you can choose to believe
that maybe there's more to that I'm not
being told so one is it's something
worth questioning when Trump calls like
the Moller investigation like fake news
like what what is this supposed to do
for the American public when he's
literally undermining like sections of
the government like
when you say something as fake news it
means look closer there's something look
closer okay okay listen now let's really
let's turn your opinion of me bad or
good
tell me about global warming just go
ahead with it dump is it global warming
or climate change no one seemed to make
them I do okay fine sure climate change
I want to give me your thoughts on it he
just told you it's odd I think okay so
so in California we have this this like
cap-and-trade system so it's alright
what are what are the proposed solutions
to this situation I'm not asking about
change I'm asking do you think no no
because the proposed solutions kind of
tell you what's alright so we have this
notion of cap-and-trade and like carbon
awesome are been credits can we sell
those with money
can we sell this with simply buying
carbon offsets and carbon credits and
cap-and-trade I would say yes I would
hope so yeah okay then it's not a
problem
global warming is not a problem if we
can solve with money it's not a problem
well but half the US public right now
doesn't even think global warming is a
real thing which would make it pretty
hard to write policy to address okay but
you're talking to me and I'd have to us
all like no this is important so do you
well let me just get this out the way do
you think that humans are warming the
earth and that there will be
catastrophic effects of this and let's
say in the next hundred I don't know I
don't know like if there will be
catastrophic effects in X hundred years
okay okay do you think that humans are
warming the earth that our actions of
what we're doing are causing the global
temperature to rise if I don't know Ted
I gotta tell you I as a guy who's a tech
guy I gotta be a little bit disappointed
because the reasoning behind this is I
understand having political lines and I
understand that china releases more than
the US could ever hope and you know what
u.s. doing anything doesn't [ __ ]
matter because China will release way
[ __ ] more in one month than we'll do
in like five years or some crazy [ __ ] I
get that but you have to look at this
objectively you know if there is so much
scientific consensus on global warming
why would you say that all of these
scientists are
are these all like Hillary supporters
this is obviously it's okay why would
you why would you not say oh you know
what I think it's real because every
scientist I've ever talked to says that
it's real and that the earth is warming
and that's the case well okay I haven't
sat down and study the information but I
will say that you know humans you cannot
enter and participate in an environment
without having an effect on it sure I
agree with that and certainly dumping
tons of hydrocarbons into the atmosphere
is going to affect something right but
when it comes to the doomsday
predictions right when it comes to
saying you know the entire earth is
gonna be underwater in a hundred years
whenever somebody says something that
like call it scary that's when it's time
to question motivations well I don't
necessarily think so because I would
view that most scientists across the
board could have a very you know diverse
political stance I don't think that all
scientists are Democrats I think it's
absolutely but you have ninety-nine
percent of scientists the degree that
not only is global warming real but also
that this is we're going to see the
effects in our lifetime and almost
definitively in your child's lifetime
and I think that I know there's the
question asking is okay to to make
useful policy we need to have some kind
of accurate prediction of what those
effects are and when they're going to
come any any model needs to have some
amount of predictive power to be useful
but how are we gonna get to that point
when we have people in politics flat out
saying like Trump it's not real it's
warmer this winter than it's ever been
or it's but it's colder everybody I'm
sorry
you'd say it's really cold there's snow
today where's the global warming the
most ridiculous [ __ ] you can do which
will dissuade so much of the public into
thinking this isn't real this is a very
real problem that will you're a man of
science to a certain extent here this
would very likely affect your kids this
is when rather that the the problem I
have is not so much with
the scientists right I understand that
there are very smart people who work in
that there's a global look there there
are people there are people who are very
intelligent who do not have a political
agenda that are reaching scientifically
valid conclusions absolutely right good
the question is how does that manifest
the policy right well I think what is
the solution
the solution is most likely how we deal
with countries that don't effectively do
this so obviously you know when you deal
with China or when you deal with
Indonesia or these countries which are
you know 80 percent or whatever it is of
the you know pollution that we have in
this case you have serious taxed until
they curb that type of thing you solve
the these problems through financial
incentives where the reason that they're
burning coal in China right now is
because it's the cheapest thing to do
but if all of a sudden you made it not
that cheap it wouldn't happen anymore as
a result so I don't I'm not naive into
thinking that us switching from [ __ ]
plastic straws and McDonald's to
cardboard ones is gonna make a
difference but I do think that the
United States is in a position to set
global world policy on something that
you know could what most likely doing
the most serious issues we have and I
don't want to be looking back saying I
mean the problem is that we're not in
that position right we are we're
completely in that position we're the
biggest consumer we can't tell China
what to do
absolutely well not now that we've
withdrawn for the TPP we can't how do we
tell China what to do by setting the the
methods that we deal with them and trade
in other yeah they're multilateral trade
agreements yeah I like the WTO okay so
so what what is it that the United
States ought to do in this case I would
say that they should be either there's
their stick and carrot here okay Ted so
the carrot is that you provide
incentives for countries that curb their
emissions by a certain percent every
year and then the stick is that you
punish them when they go in the opposite
direction or stay the same and I think
that that's something very effective
that we could do is you have an offer
how much well you can make it you can
make it enough as I said the reason that
they burn coal and do all this crazy
[ __ ] in this countries is because it's
cost of
for them to do it and if you make it not
cost-effective they won't do it anymore
weren't you I mean certainly the the
free market or the invisible hand who's
gonna who's gonna force some behavior
there absolutely well you know you know
government oversight to do that because
the market won't force a hand there what
you have to you have to put a false
incentive in there like a subsidy or
something or a tax or whatever in order
to do it
you're quite being well I mean wait hold
on wait my mo my point was you just at
the free market will take care of it but
environmentalism no I said I said the
the invisible hand of the market
dynamics will will have some effect I
mean is but that's only if the
government puts in like some sort of
penalty for doing it the free market
doesn't address climate change or
environmental damn you know my point was
that was that people were respond to
economic ins well yeah but Dan's point
is that in order the government created
or private yeah but Dan's point is that
the only way to get that economic
incentive there is to get people on the
same board or get people on the same I
know I was agreeing with that okay I was
right there with him that if the
government does acts in a way that
changes the economic incentives of
course people have changed
yeah I mean listen I I think it's
challenging right now I was I was hoping
to see more Republicans coming on like
it bothers me very much that if you want
to kind of run as a Republican ticket
that there's a certain you can't just
I'm not them saying you have these views
because maybe you don't but you can't
run as a Republican if you think global
warming isn't real or I don't hear that
at all I haven't seen much data cases
see so many people towing the company
again John McCain was essentially on his
way out he could say whatever you wanted
that's a very kind of bad example to use
in this case no it was already evidence
unpopular well any loss but me cameras
those are pretty unpopular amongst
Republicans a smile like like it you
can't be a Democrat in like guns you
can't be a Republican I think global
warming is real like I don't understand
why we can't in some of these cases have
some of the good parts of American
ideology with more of the yeah but this
is this is a problem it was canceled it
was awful but it bothers me tremendously
because I you know all the thing is
you're running for office I can never
know your real view on anything I can
know what you tell me is reveal real
view but it bothers me that you you have
to even if this wasn't you would have
to say you can't come out and say
obviously global warming is real and but
you know the US can't do much about it
that's fine but it sucks that we're in
this place that that can't be the case
look I said that there's if you look at
all the the scientific evidence said you
know like I said there are a lot of
smart people who had no political bias
I'm sure some of them do that's right to
some degree but there's there's
absolutely consensus that something is
happening what I'm more focused on is
what is the legislative remedy to that
right what are the trade-offs associated
with handling that problem and that
involves getting a good idea of the
scale of the problem okay right so the
world's gonna end in a hundred years
maybe I mean is it really or I mean we
already see like pretty catastrophic
impacts of climate change today I mean I
don't know if yeah any very pains a
weakening the Jetstream led to a whole
bunch of like pretty negative outcomes
in in northern Europe across the United
Kingdom and other countries like I mean
there have already been like things at
people point I mean we could look at
like the bleaching of coral reefs you
know there's tons of things that have
gone around the world that people are
pointing to climate change has been kind
of the main driver for these things but
it seems like unless like the world is
literally on fire people it like yeah I
mean is it that bad well I'll say is
that that the environment and the
ecosystem of there
this is essentially humanity's tools for
prospect right and it is up to us to
make sure that we can pass all these
tool now how that surfaces as policy
that's gonna be very specific and very
much on what the actual problems are and
what the corresponding trade-offs are I
totally disagree that I don't think like
okay no no no the problem is that like
what you're essentially saying is right
now we don't know if we can predict like
a +5 sea change in weather versus a plus
15 sea change in weather and because we
don't know that we're gonna do nothing
like that's not that's not an acceptable
but that's that is heavily what you're
implying like the idea that like because
you wanna solve a problem you need to
know what the
is yeah but not necessarily right we
because know what reduce like shooting
in the dark
well the problem is that right now we
don't know exactly how catastrophic the
problem will be and a lot of people seem
to use that as an excuse and in an
implicit way to do nothing cuz like well
I don't know justify shutting down an
economy to solve a problem that you
don't have a store not heavily
incentivizing like green energy or
penalizing people that pollute the
atmosphere a lot or penalizing countries
that do it is shutting down the entire
economy but I think we have another
absolutely it hasn't affects you but I
think we have enough data right now
without knowing if the planet is going
to end in a hundred years to know that
this is probably something that is worth
like heavily looking at like at the very
least we should all be on the same page
about it
we should all say hey you know this is
probably something that's bad and we
should probably be pushing in directions
to to fix this whether that's higher gas
taxes whether that's incentivizing more
public transportation or more green
types of transportation like electric
cars or whatever like if we could all be
on the same page for that then I think
your topic is totally valid if
somebody's saying like we need to have a
twenty dollar gas tax because the world
is ending in ten years then it's like
okay well hold on is it really that bad
I could understand that but it seems
like right now this idea that we don't
know how bad it's going to be is used as
like a chilling effect on all sorts of
conversations about things we can do to
improve environment it sounds like
you're agreeing with me then okay I'm in
green with you I mean I'm agree with you
explicitly yeah nobody's new straight
line I agree with you explicitly but
implicitly it seems like what you're
doing is kind of saying like because we
don't know the exact outcomes of climate
change I don't know if we should do
anything about it right now because you
can't tell me exactly what's gonna
happen extremity they measure it like a
twenty dollar gas I know you want to go
over gay marriage guns and money and
politics that's a lot that's a lot of
stuff but you can you can choose one if
you want or we can we can probably we
can probably want it now cuz they said
used to go to dinner all right cool well
we'll do round two this is back this is
this has been interesting yeah I mean
you know it's it's kind of it's crazy to
hear the journey you would have of going
from kind of texts to protect the
politics on this but yeah I mean I
appreciate you coming on the show here
and you know thanks doing us in with all
this and you know this one this is
they practice I guess when you get up
there and you start hashing it out with
other Republicans to see who hates earth
more and I kid I kid but yeah it was
good thank you for coming on I know got
a little heated but you know that's not
here this spirited yeah spirited
I mean I'll say that like the idea that
you are considering running for state
senator position that you would come to
like an online podcast on a video game
website to have a conversation give all
is highly commendable I I really do
respect that there's a lot of people
that wouldn't and I'll love you
criticism at the left a lot of people on
the Left avoid these types of
conversation so I really do appreciate
the the audacity or the bravado to come
on here absolutely thank you guys for
the discussion I appreciate it
you know it's fantastic I really
appreciate it as well and you know like
what I want to see in politics is the
same way a like like Reagan and Tip
O'Neill where you talk big during the
day but everybody's friends after 6:00
okay you know like that's what I like to
see come back to politics there's no
reason for people to be mortal enemies
over something facili politics i totally
disagree that statement but i mean we
like i've got fans that are literally
like daca recipient so do we talk about
like revoking talk who's like yeah but
at the end of day it's all cool but i
don't know but all right I understand
where you're coming from soon all right
so Ted is running for the first District
for Senate in California when are those
elections happening in case some of the
audience are in you're the primary is
probably gonna be a March okay in March
so go out in either vote for him or
don't vote for him but you'd appreciate
your vote if you did all right thank you
all right thanks for being on everybody
yeah thanks a lot for joining us guys
see what everybody
