go down make a right
you said it right you said right all
right go right
oh yeah Macy's you know I've done it
before
where happening again she does not care
about stop signs I thought for for the
first one I figure man for the first one
it's like barely like I could kind of
see it like these two just went and you
get up to that stop sign quick enough
and you could probably get in it's not
like I let the first one slide there's
like a rolling stop although there's
another car there I'm pretty sure this
guy if he hits her well if you hit
someone you're always at fault but like
it would be her fault like but like I
can I can almost barely let this one
slide I'm not talking about rolling
stops or full stops [ __ ] that [ __ ]
nobody gives a [ __ ] about a rolling stop
or a full stop unless you're 15 in your
driver's ed I'm talking about treating
stops ends appropriately as though who
has the right-of-way who's allowed to go
first
infinitely more interested in
right-of-way then some [ __ ] about
rolling stop or full stop
[ __ ] that [ __ ] okay so like if you come
up to a stop sign and like two people
are both going right are like both going
and you're they're like you generally
you can go next but like in this one I'm
pretty sure I'm pretty sure this guy
should still have the right of way to go
because she is real late getting to this
stop sign she is super like getting to
this stop sign but like I could oh I got
almost like maybe that guy's trying to
take a left the white car might be too
much yeah maybe he's turning left too I
I feel like she didn't see that but
maybe he's feeling yeah that's why I can
kind of let this one go sure but this
one this is two cars that a stop sign
this is no especially when there are
cars in line yeah this no it's this
guy's turn
ridiculous no no no no no that's just
she's not cheesy they're not paying
attention not watching or doesn't know
what's going on
so like ya know I've done it before or
everything again this is just two
drivers at a at a stop sign this is also
well this is also a pretty close one
that one this is again this is another
one that's like really close I don't
know I think this is just like a really
[ __ ] slash [ __ ] driver this one is
really close no not close she doesn't
stop at all no one cares about full
stops I don't care that full stops when
I talk about full stop something about
right-of-way literally no one cares
about full stops okay get that
sixteen-year-old drivers at [ __ ] out
of here nobody gives a [ __ ] about full
stop you care about [ __ ] full stop go
be a [ __ ] cop okay and go park
yourself at some [ __ ] ass count
population 4000 town and sit in a
[ __ ] stop sign all day and write your
dumbass [ __ ] tickets okay we're
talking about right-of-way that's what
matters for safety that's what I give a
[ __ ] here okay [ __ ] [ __ ] full stop
[ __ ] okay so if you're coming up to a
stop sign here this guy is stopped and
you're coming up here to take a left and
then he starts to go you're probably
okay to go but like she's pushing her
like time and I don't know this like
this guy should be able to go here like
he should he could have [ __ ] gassed
it and hit her and she would have been
like at fault here she did not get to
this stop sign soon enough to make this
left here although this intersection is
really weird I don't know how you would
I'm not sure how you would navigate it
I'm guessing this is a low traffic area
I don't I don't actually know what the
proper way to navigate this intersection
is what if the gray car wants go
straight yeah this guy right here could
hit her and we would probably be her
fault she turned from the second lane
well she likes switch lanes and then
turn Kaleigh is a [ __ ] driver though
this is like the type of driver that
gets into an accident and like has no
idea why or what happened hard
intersection and navigate three stop
signs three entrances if you don't drive
your [ __ ] driver dog that's fine keep
your [ __ ] opinion yourself the reason
why this is a weird intersection is
because if you have a stop sign here and
you've got one lane here
and then you've got a two-lane here
where you can turn left and there's a
stop sign here let's say that all three
cars approaches at the same time and
you're turning left
who gets to go first is it this guy or
is it this guy because it's weird that
this guy can start driving and then
you're sitting here and then I guess
this guy goes you're not driving you're
not going forward the same time this guy
does I don't know or maybe this is a
weird intersection to me I think is a
bad intersection I think that this
intersection design is [ __ ] I don't
think there's a good intersection how is
that weird I don't know dude suck my
[ __ ] [ __ ] I hope you [ __ ] swallow
you dumb [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
stop signs extend to the left lane yeah
I know but what I'm saying is it's this
is like a very unintuitive like this is
like a very weird intersection to
navigate tailed like who has the
right-of-way let's say that okay here
let's say that you have a stop sign here
okay which there probably is over here
let's see if a stop sign here and you've
got a car here okay let's say that this
guy goes and so now these three people
are up so who has the right-of-way I
would assume that people going straight
have the right-of-way but like so this
guy drives straight this guy drives
straight after this guy's cleared the
intersection then this guy is going
straight and then what then afterwards
this guy can come through but like if
this guy goes straight and then this guy
turns left the next car behind him are
they gonna feel like they can go next
afterwards like that's really [ __ ]
weird if this is a [ __ ] intersection I
don't think you should ever design an
intersection like this there's a really
[ __ ] stupid intersection I don't know
I think this is a bad intersection
that's a four-way stop she was taken
it's not a normal 4-way stop though
because a normal 4-way stop usually has
like in a normal four-way stop
it's not a bad design of everyone it's a
bad design because I think it leads to a
second driver wanting to go straight in
the right lane because of how strange it
is okay why you're gonna die on this
hill hey nice [ __ ] meme dude I hate
talking about driving with Americans
makes me to [ __ ] kill myself this
country is the saddest [ __ ] driver
trading in a [ __ ] world half you
[ __ ] shouldn't have a [ __ ]
licence make a [ __ ] kill myself but
anyway okay
in a normal intersection okay in a
normal intersection when people are
coming up to a stoplight okay let's say
this guy wants to turn left okay
both people would go and then these
people would go that's typically how it
works okay boom boom you know both you
go let's say somebody wants to turn left
in that case this guy if he's not a
[ __ ] 75 year old grandpa would pull
out into the intersection this guy goes
straight and then he turns left
immediately after and then these two
cars go okay this guy the second car
here is not gonna have time to go
straight if this guy's already adding
the intersection and then he turns left
this guy won't have time it's intuitive
it makes sense right cars come up these
guys go these guys go these guys go
these guys might go and then he turns
left these guys go
maybe somebody turns up but that's fine
it makes sense right but in it but you
know but in a weird-ass intersection
like this okay will you have
in this weird-ass intersection where
there's one stop sign here holy [ __ ] I
can't draw [ __ ] streets if you've got
a stop sign here and a stop sign here
and a stop sign here this guy's turning
left this guy's going straight on this
guy's going straight and there's a car
behind this guy what's gonna happen in
this intersection is this guy drives
straight and then this guy drives
straight this guy has to wait for this
guy to get out so he's gonna be taking a
left turn after both of these people
have cleared the intersection and then
it feels like this guy has a chance to
like like if you if this guy goes
straight and then this dude pulls up or
maybe that's how it's supposed to go
maybe two people are supposed to go on
the right one at a time right but like
as both of these guys go straight at
this intersection and then this person
turns up here okay this guy's gonna turn
left and then this guy's gonna feel
actually holy [ __ ] my boys in chat that
have actually [ __ ] driven I know that
this is a [ __ ] [ __ ] because if
you've ever been in a city during a bad
storm when the stop lights go out
everything turns into a [ __ ]
because these types of stops where
people can turn left as well as going
straight in other lanes when it's all
treated as a stop sign turns into a huge
[ __ ] AIDS fest however when it's just
one lane on both sides if the stop light
is out it's [ __ ] easy it's super easy
cars go straight cars go straight turns
into a stop sign however intersections
that have two different streets where
one person can turn left let's go
straight when the power goes out of
these intersections even though
everybody is treating it as a stop sign
it is super [ __ ] confusing and other
people are and it's really weird who's
allowed to go or how many cars I let it
go when you're waiting for somebody on a
second lane to turn left [ __ ] suck my
dick okay not the correct answer is at
an intersection like this she did have a
stoplight or should be around about a
[ __ ] man and a discussion hey what
are you so angry I hate are you my
driver my dad my super triggers [ __ ] I
thought maybe it's cuz you're angry
because you're [ __ ] wrong it's about
who gets there first how do you not know
the worst driver I've met in my goddamn
life you got me damn it's not about who
gets her first though it's about who
gets that person as the balls to push
the gas
that's who it is okay whoo massive
Chinese ports and Xenia scrapping it do
you agree that this is like a pretty
[ __ ] intersection dan do you feel like a
lot of like drivers would get confused
here the only way I can imagine
something like this working is that it's
a low traffic area that's the only thing
I can think of like I feel like in an
intersection like this a second driver
here like let's say somebody is driving
so if you're watching my stream follow
my mouse so a car is here a car is here
and a car is here and then a car is here
okay this guy here over here he turns
out and he goes this guy goes straight
this guy goes straight this guy has to
wait to turn left until he's clear the
intersection he starts to go left after
that car I feel like a second car here
is always gonna sneak in I don't have
much experience of these oceans I don't
see them often it seems like a [ __ ]
intersection with with all direction
stops it's literally the order that you
get there that's it no that's not true
it is true no it's different is if two
cars arrive at the same time then it's
the one on the left do you know it's not
happy okay you're very confident hundred
dollars let's take a bet I don't know
what the [ __ ] okay here let me give
you an example okay this is how this is
navigated okay no [ __ ] out of here let's
say that you have um or wait wait wait
when you say who gets there first you
mean like who pulls up to the actual
stop sign first or okay okay okay yeah
okay cuz I can kind of hear that I think
it's like let's say that you're sitting
at an intersection here we're like okay
nevermind never I thought you I thought
you saying something else I probably I'm
pretty sure I agree with you more like
if this person goes straight and then
wait wait hold on let me think this this
guy goes straight this guy goes straight
and then this guy goes after right but
like if a car would have pull up like
right as these two people so like let's
say that these guys start driving and
then a car pulls up here okay then as
soon as these guys have clear the
intersection both of these guys are
going almost immediately even though
this guy literally just pulled up right
but wait and you don't think so go if
there's someone at this
up sign you wait until you are the last
person at the stop sign that's how it
works it only is differ it's only
different than that if one of the
possible egress is doesn't have a stop
sign because they hit me yeah wait
that's me probably thought Damon whoever
gets to the queue of cars yeah yeah I
was thinking of something that's really
dumb I don't think I music wait so let's
say let's say that you're sitting here
okay all these cars in here we've got
two cars here 2 goes here 2 goes here ok
now let's say that just they just begin
to accelerate ok these two cars just
start to get there and as this happens a
guy over here pulls up to the stop sign
ok so these guys are about halfway
through the street and then eventually
they clear it ok eventually they clear
the road as soon as they clear it this
guy is driving forward the same way this
guy is do you agree with that or do you
not agree with that it's kind of hard
because I'm a little bit delayed on the
strength but using I can only use the
example that we saw in the in the video
that I did there that person should not
have taken a left there that person
should have waited to take a left at the
stop sign until they were the last car
that has currently been at the stop sign
you understand I'm saying wait hold on
let me find the okay hold on I'm
watching oh man wait huh hold on it's
easier forget that it's a left-hand turn
because you have to forget that it's
left-hand turn because that doesn't
matter imagine it's a four-way stop sign
ok and if it's a four-way stop sign does
it matter that this guy's going forward
it doesn't you just arrived you have to
wait for the dude that's already waiting
at the other end because that guy can
either be taking a left turn or right
going straight yeah so for this one I
definitely agree I don't know if it's
because of anybody got there
first though I think it's just because
this person is turning left that's why
they have to give up right away sorry
car is there he's waiting at the stop
sign you have the guy in front of you
waiting in waiting there as well but
like even if all three of them pulled up
to the stop signs at the same time the
silver car still has the right of way
because she's turning left right with
three [ __ ] cars the way it works if
two people arrive at the same time is
the person on the left
that's complicated to explain I can
please but the person on the left has
the right of way wait no no no the
person going straight has the right of
way if two people arrive at well hold on
hold on I'm sorry let me let me be cool
you don't know who's going straight well
but if two people pull up and they're
opposite each other you can't use a
right hand rule there because both of
them are to the right of each other
that's not the case here yeah no but I'm
saying like if two people pull up to a
stop sign and they're opposite one
another the person going straight has
the right away over the person going
left right hold on you're saying if you
pull up to a stop sign and on if you
pull up to a stop sign and the person in
front of you pulls up to the stop sign
if both you pull up the same time
correct so are you talking about we're
facing each other yes so you're the
other side coming at me and I'm coming
at you correct whoever is going I'm glad
that you asked who has the right-of-way
those who got there first are you
[ __ ] kidding me what about they're
going right you don't know what
direction they're going well okay [ __ ] I
forgot you live in Florida because you
guys don't turn signals there but in the
rest of [ __ ] country we use turn
signals I'm assuming that they got to
the stop signs at roughly the same time
of course not that one person got there
and I started going in other purses like
driving up like the [ __ ] fast and
furious and he's gunning it through the
[ __ ] stop so there's a reason that
like you get to the stoplight and you
stop moving as soon as possible because
that's asserting your dominance like
that nobody are you wait where do you
look first of all you live in Florida
and I know you're [ __ ] lying no
[ __ ] there and I live in LA and
I know that's not true we're in this
country do people come to full stops of
stop signs if you if two people come up
to a stop sign and one guy comes to a
full stop that guy is never going to
first cuz the other guy he's always
gonna [ __ ] roll it on you he is
always gonna [ __ ] roll it on you oh my
god I'm dude we're gonna do driving
streams later we're gonna record this
[ __ ] you think that you people coming to
a stop sign you think the guy that you
[ __ ] you think so you're racing to the
stop sign you're racing at the squeeze
bottle so you can slam your brakes and
come to a full stop yeah
way dominus you don't do that oh my god
you are like this is crazy to me yes you
go to that stop sign as fast as [ __ ] I
games yeah it's lovely let's ignore it
we're gonna okay okay hold on huh we're
gonna ignore this [ __ ] crazy [ __ ]
we're gonna work out of benches for
another time okay now let's say assume
okay now lets we're gonna bench that
dumb [ __ ] okay you come up to a stop
sign and I'm right mister you can trip
let's see you both fully break at the
same time at a stop sign and you were
opposite the same time yeah and you're
opposite one another correct okay then
it's who's to the left no no no then if
you're opposite from one another you're
both to the left of each other yes just
a [ __ ] battle no whoever's going
straight has the right-of-way if the
other person is going straight you can't
rely on it okay if you pull up and
you're opposite the other car okay you
were like trying to find the one oh I'm
not this is very common people turn left
and stop signs Dan what the [ __ ]
okay fine Oh in this one circumstance
then if they're both facing coming at
each other from the other side and one
person's going left the other person is
going straight let me put this let me
let me take it back one the person going
straight has the right away it would
exact the same [ __ ] time then yeah I
guess the person going straight but how
often is that case what about if you
arrive two seconds earlier what about if
you arrived two seconds earlier and
you're going straight the other person
is taking a left hmm if you arrived one
second earlier the straight person
probably do it two seconds is pushing it
cuz the one second earlier he's gonna
rolling stop that [ __ ] he's gonna
[ __ ] go through dude listen if I come
up to a stop sign if I come up to his
stops head and I'm turning left and the
other guys getting there at almost the
same time I'm never taking that left
turn I'm waiting for that guy to go
because 95% of the time that dudes gonna
roll the stop and he's gonna go when he
sees my left blinker on that's almost
always gonna [ __ ] I believe that
people like you are literally able to
drive yes because I don't want to get
[ __ ] crashed into by everyone else
that [ __ ] rolling stock is called
defensive driving Dan I pull up to a
stop sign turn okay
your turn but you drive a g-wagen and I
Drive a little focus I don't want to
[ __ ] die or my wife the guy in my
passenger seat because I'm like oh well
[ __ ] that guy I got here half a second
earlier even though I'm turning left I'm
gonna [ __ ] go because I slammed the
brakes first [ __ ] that guy's a
[ __ ] question I mean he's gonna roll
this table he's gonna [ __ ] kill me
like I can't believe that you drive like
this this is so dangerous and it's just
being an [ __ ] think about all the
times in your life that you're coming to
a stop sign and [ __ ] someone else is
ruining their day cuz you don't
understand well they'd like me work is
they're gonna spend 12 hours at that
stop sign coming to a full [ __ ] stop
anyway to make sure the [ __ ] make sure
the officer McGruff in the back seat is
giving them an a okay you have to turn
the car off to like you have to blow
breathalyzer every time you can ruin
something you want to be the first
person like if you see another cars
coming through the stop sign at the same
time as you sometimes you stop short of
the stop sign and then the other guy
just goes are you serious yeah like if
there's another if you let's say you're
across the street from someone else and
you get you see someone else is coming
to the stop sign and you want to go
first you know what you're doing you're
[ __ ] stopping ASAP and sometimes they
might be a little head of you so know
you're doing you're like [ __ ] it I'm
stopping short you're gonna stop like
ten feet in front of that stop sign just
to assert your [ __ ] dominance so that
you get that first turn that's what
[ __ ] happens I can't believe that you
live in Miami I can't believe it Dan I
spent a lot of time driving that place
and there is not a single [ __ ] dude I
don't know if it's the Hispanic people
my fellow [ __ ] Cubans or what
nobody [ __ ] drives this way in Miami
this like this [ __ ] rule of the law
adherence to stop signs I have never
seen [ __ ] people in Miami and
negotiate traffic driving out here the
[ __ ] passing lane is used literally
as the slow lane no no no no no no no no
that's some [ __ ] that happens in the
entire United States the passenger I'm
saying in Miami those drivers are
[ __ ] crazy
going up and down highway one people
will [ __ ] drive on their shoulder
they'll [ __ ] bit ahead of you when
you're at a stoplight something will
just pull up in front of you when you're
stopped
like this idea that they negotiate stop
sign like a 15 year old drivers end to
be clear I don't I don't make any qualms
about Florida drivers being pad it's a
mix of [ __ ] like people who just got
their license and people 90 years old
okay and people have countries where
they don't [ __ ] Japanese [ __ ] very
bad here but okay but everywhere else in
the world when you come to a stop sign
that's the [ __ ] thing that you follow
okay okay let's back wait let's back
wait wait hold on hold on
let's back all the way to your question
with a picture that I have on screen Dan
okay wait wait wait if this [ __ ]
should have waited for the red car and
for the gray car they should have waited
for both yeah yeah I probably agree that
here she was hardcore pushing it she
should have waited for the red car
however however however however all
three of these people if all three the
silver car this black car in her car all
three of them came to the intersection
at the same time this silver car has the
right-of-way over her because she's
turning left right if all you mean all
four of these cars no no I ignore the
[ __ ] red [ __ ] or we competed
leave the rebels here but let's say that
the three cars came here that silver car
her car and the car to the right of all
three came to these this intersection at
the same time the silver car and the
black car can go for it at the same time
she has to wait the other guy has the
right of way because she's turning left
if they all came at the same time I
think it would be at the Tesla would
probably have the right of way I don't
know if they can take her right there
yes like the Tesla or the silver car
depending on what I don't know what
would probably go first and then this
one going left I think wait no the Tesla
the supercar would go at the same time
Dan voiding the [ __ ] game that we all
do of the fast stop okay that never
happens who the [ __ ] is all approaching
a stop sign exactly same I don't want
tiebreaker [ __ ] I don't try don't give a
[ __ ] yet if all three of these cars come
here if all damn can't even answer the
simple question Dan can't even answer
the simple question of who is the right
of way here excuse me sir in the in the
universe where all three cars arrive at
the same second and there's no left
turns okay didn't listen that they don't
know listen to theirs
in it let's see there's a let's say
there's a line of cars here okay let's
say there's a line of cars here and they
and all three of them then pull up
because that happens it's Epson do you
agree that happens to stop signs when
that happens right first what no one
gives a [ __ ] about with the [ __ ] laws
okay it's how people navigate [ __ ] we
mate hole intended in it I'm curious Dan
Indian when you see people that stop
when you see people at stop signs here
do you think that in four-way
intersections with stop signs where it's
backed up in both directions do you
think that people drive in like a
clockwise manner here like that's how
how does it normally work in these
intersections I'm glad you asked that
question
it's who was there first know if there's
a [ __ ] wine right that's right it's
who is that first do you guys not dried
am i [ __ ] crazy the way that these
intersections work when we drive no
since nobody does this it's that what
happens is nobody follows the law do you
understand how crazy your statement is I
actually I actually can't believe this
neither can i I'm actually astounded
wait so kit so here's what happens oh no
no no when for we could go and stop at
any intersection in America and I will
put my [ __ ] balls on the line okay
okay hold on okay okay hold on so many
trust this I think they don't understand
you
okay maybe though let's back up then
okay let's back up so if you have a line
of cars in all directions here you
understand right so when how what is
assuming some cars ready to go through
what is the general pattern in which
cars will pass through this intersection
I do ask that you know who it was
decided by this is very interesting it
was decided by the first four cars that
arrived if everyone followed the law
wait so are you telling me that there's
a chance that like this car could go and
then this car could go and then this car
could go and then this car could go yeah
okay I can't I don't know I can't do
this am I being troll are you arguing a
bad faith I actually can't believe this
right now I can't believe all the people
in my chat saying yes
how can you understand that like ovale
there's a line of cars different roles
now no [ __ ] if it's the same
four four cars it's the same four I want
to go out and we might actually go we
might actually go out an IRL scream
right now I can't believe it so let me
tell you what actually happens at these
intersections no we can go and watch we
can watch every single intersection in
America and what will happen is if
there's a line of cars what will happen
is what will begin to happen after the
first cars have gone okay is these guys
will go at the same time then these guys
will go at the same time then the next
guys will go at the same time and then
these guys go at the same time you will
never in your life in America watch cars
go around clockwise on a [ __ ] 4-way
[ __ ] stop that will never ever happen
in your entire life I can't believe you
think this happens in real life it's
based on the [ __ ] order of the cards
not once oh my god I'm dead I can't I'm
dead I'm actually Carrie I want to pull
in check I just want to see I'm curious
how many crazy because I really mean
despite all the [ __ ] virgins who have
never driven a car yeah I actually can't
believe this
wait what kind of wait right right the
arguments on the pole they know and put
your name in chat I just want to see
please I actually I can't how you can't
believe it
goddamn dude like 30% of your chat
doesn't know how to [ __ ] I can't believe
it I'm actually amazed I'm I want to
fight I want to fight a stop sign a
four-way stop destiny is writing even
touch with you I know I'm right
everybody that's ever commuted anywhere
for John their entire life no Sarah I
can't believe this
the thing is like I've never actually
feared for my life instead of being in
the passenger seat actually an insane
Drive I can't actually believe this your
point is that eventually officially you
take precedence over order yeah of
course everybody that's ever been it
before we stop knows this that if you're
at a [ __ ] four-way stop I know how to
solve this ah destiny where are your
[ __ ] sources show me some laws that's
why I'm saying we need to go out to the
field and we need to not in the field
I'm not talking
the real world dude show me where it's
written down what does destinies are ok
destiny here's my argument here is my
destiny arguing ok in reality Dyson
right legally Dan might be right legally
but nobody in the history of all of stop
sign sizes okay so here's what we're
saying here's what here's my argument
okay I'll do the engine but first we get
cuz I think it's really funny no no I'll
save the funniest joke for last
here's my argument my gman is that at
any four-way stop at any four-way stop
where there's like cars backed up in
both directions by the time you get to
the intersection what's going to happen
is the car is opposite from one another
they will drive and then the next time
at the next intersection they will drive
this happens together that these cars
will go Rome then they go through and
then these cars will go room then these
cars will go at the same time now what
Dan is saying doesn't matter if they
have right or left-hand turns people are
still two people sir but what Dan is
saying is that I'm sure the bring up let
me explain your position Dan what Dan is
saying is that if at this intersection
if let's say this guy arrived then this
guy arrived then this guy went then this
guy right that even after 20 cars have
gone through what's going to happen is
this guy will go room this guy's gonna
sit here and wait then this guy will go
room this guys comes here then this guy
and it'll follow this clockwise [ __ ]
[ __ ] my point is that this never happens
this will never ever ever happen drivers
from other states were [ __ ] awful
have I ever shown up to an intersection
and I've lived in four states in
California Massachusetts Louisiana
Florida have I ever pulled up to an
intersection and I arrived there's three
cars there and I arrived and then I'm
ready to go and some or arm second in
line and someone goes in front of me no
that's like wow what a [ __ ] we're second
in line and someone goes in wait what if
I was I'm trying to I'm getting trolled
right now no I'm getting trolled I can't
believe you're trolling me Dan I thought
we were cool I thought you and I we went
to Hawaii together we had a bond you
know this is like such an [ __ ] thing
oh my god you're like I'm in the right
I'm going straight
how he ignored the fact that 70% of his
chat [ __ ] agreed with us but he's
just writing that off like oh let's do a
poll and now it's all finally traffic
cams somebody early said they're
trumping somebody finally traffic cam
the four-way stop intersections please
please please please consider taking
like a defensive driving course no I'm
good you know not only are you wrong
legally you're wrong in practice as well
you guys are the ones that sit at the
stop signs well the guy opposite of you
goes and you're like oh well I need to
wait because the guard Ammar right how's
it going I can't actually believe that I
actually can't believe it we've you is
that really what you do that's like okay
here's something else I wonder I wonder
if I've just been in the parts and all
the parts of us I've been where
everybody falls in I'm saying but
they're actually parts of us to do this
differently I I can't believe this I
can't what you're saying I think what's
happened is you've been you've been
doing this so long and no one has ever
told you that you're wrong so you just
assume that it's right yeah I can't I
can't believe this there's no way that
is actually right when when the dude
that believes in ghosts and doesn't own
a car knows this and you don't I worry
for you all this rolling stops that's
crazy
find me I need to find a stop sign with
traffic wait he's taking a right what
the [ __ ] he should have gone right of
the guy wait with no [ __ ] pedestrians
in front of a deer I don't know well net
would that'll be a discussion for
another stream there we go you tube
videos now even though Stephen says
don't use YouTube videos anecdotally to
support your argue just look at the
[ __ ] traffic laws
find me traffic what about right there
destiny like I was taking a left let's
go they were both taking a left yeah
god dammit it's too [ __ ] you know
what oh my god
I'm delayed okay I can't show me okay
there's two cars at the stop sign
uh-huh look at that wait okay oh [ __ ]
over here
no no in Dan's role here listen listen
Dan's world here okay something in Dan's
world here this car right here he has to
wait so even though this guy's going
right now that car is supposed to wait
for him to clear the intersection then
this guy to go and then that other guy
go oh my god no [ __ ] way
technically okay
to be clear maybe he should wait but in
this case because another guy is body
blocking for him he can see that's how
these player talk about left turns
[ __ ] that's a whole other
different story the original one was a
left turn not a right turns
no one's body blocking for you there oh
my god
please find me a [ __ ] thing
[ __ ] literally find me a
four-way with traffic I want to find a
four-way the trip oh my god rolling oh
well both cuz go to the same time even
though she got there first
that's so weird wait no no wait look
this guy should have fully stopped and
waited for her to go completely before
going why is he going now he didn't wait
oh no that's okay he's maybe he's
illegal hold on let's I want to find it
find me a goddamn traffic find me guys
where they ate two videos goddamn it
find me the YouTube videos count Dan
Killa where are you we argue now through
[ __ ] YouTube videos I thought you'd
be the VP he's become in order and he's
so antenna video right here he's become
what he hates
I'm looking for the traffic wall right
now these guys are going the same time
but we need more traffic these guys are
gone at the same time which is what I'd
expect Wow
look they went at the same time too but
we need more traffic look these two go
then these lanes go then these two go
there is no clockwise [ __ ] going on
you go back to that hold on oh this is
what we're looking for talking about
there oh yeah I can't wait to see this
[ __ ] from the guy with a broken
windshield let's do [ __ ] again oh yeah
this is [ __ ] I don't know what wouldn't
gone at the same [ __ ] time that red
cord that's going the white portion of
this is it the white question went while
the red car was going but instead he's
probably playing some seventh guess
because look red cars going Chris
crosses are going that's what you're
like whatever stuff these guys are
trying to play some seven dimensional
chess oh my god there's so much
happening here okay slow it down please
this is an example of your system no
because in my system the perp is it
perfectly the whatever across the street
from your car you guys are always going
together there is no order [ __ ] it's
whoever's I cross the street from is
going at the same time look if he would
have been going but you know what he
probably did you know what this guy
probably dick he's like oh well the red
car got there before me so I should wait
for him to go and then I'll go after and
then this guy over here who's a real ass
American ninja this guy over here was
like oh well the red car went now it's
my lanes turn so I'm gonna go and this
guy's like Oh get away uh-oh no why is
the be crew
you go back a little bit like this is
confusing the car on the left ignored
the right-of-way and got into a car
accident but it's because this guy
didn't cross the street with the red
truck what happened here is that black
Chevy was supposed to [ __ ] wait for
the SUV I said did the black Chevy
arrived after the SUV it's about making
intersections as like efficient as
possible to make us of the things this
is already [ __ ] this is a [ __ ]
nightmare okay hold on I want to see
what which cars keep going just keep
playing we're gonna see what happens
right here look this guy pulls up to the
stop sign okay red truck is going these
it looks like these dominance yeah and
then he doesn't go he's pulling a Dan
mucho gusto no it's more toward the
captain red went and then is it go I'm
not paying attention because I followed
the formula the [ __ ] calculus yes yes
you know how you know he hit the other
guy the last person to avoid an accident
no the sober guy hit the black guy what
are you talking about a black guy
t-boned the [ __ ] silver car are you
why are you on my street which that
penis i'm destinee beauty STI NY silver
car had the right away it doesn't matter
this silver car had the right away he
was there first
the silver car is driving in a manner
that is unconditional this is the
goddamn law something law [ __ ] the law
what works at intersections at
intersections you go when the person
opposite you go you don't wait
you [ __ ] heated right now I am so
[ __ ] heated
holy [ __ ] I can't even believe I can't
even believe I can't even believe this
happening I can't believe this
apparently there's a minority about 20%
of people with special genetics out
there that think this okay
you are among these people and they need
to be up I can't even I can't even
believe it show me traffic no one cares
about this find me guys find me an
intersection before when I stopped with
lots of traffic there should be videos
of this and that example shouldn't the
right rule apply if three cars come in
if people are like driving to an
intersections like three cars are over
it then yeah you apply the right well of
course but I want to see you literally
scary disease we're not talking I'm
talking about when traffic is backed up
in both directions the clockwise [ __ ]
ends you just go
whoever's an opposite goes you never
want clockwise I'm sorry not clockwise
the right the right hand rule [ __ ] ends
you never do you never do it's no it's
not okay well it's an if there are
already people at the intersection hold
on
do we have a cop our brother stole
rather stud wash yourselves in the blood
of Isaac you Church of UI we finally
pull up to the stop sign it is your time
to shine you just press stop how many
cars are you waiting for to go before
you go how many hold real quick I just
want to say dusty is hardcore changing
his position
oh no there it comes boys there comes
the pivot oh no listen all along dan has
said is who gets there first and if they
get there at the same time as would
happen in you know backed up for Wayne
then you follow the right-hand rule so I
just think okay in a back okay here's my
thing in a backed up four-way
intersection there is no right hand rule
it's just opposites are going that's it
no
it's not hers exist like what do you
mean yeah but even for turns you're
still not right hand ruling it and you
know people go one guy might turn left
and then the other to go one guy might
turn looking right then the other to go
nobody is right hand ruling at a
four-way stop when traffic is backed up
it never happens
you're just you're wrong I don't know
how you man I knew drivers in my state
were better than there were in other
states but cut I I am actually shocked
I actually am shocked I'm shocked I'm
shocked and I'm disappointed
someone please for my thing can someone
take a note of everyone in chat who said
destiny is right so I can add them to my
[ __ ] ignore list I just want to make
sure I never talk to someone of such a
low intelligence by accident ever in
chat again I actually I just can't even
believe this my mind is gone
somebody get me a [ __ ] video of all
the like a four-way stop where there's
backed up traffic there's got to be a
video this on the internet somewhere
please seriously it's like Plato's
allegory of the cave Stephen you've just
never left the cave so you don't know
the reality outside destiny
I can't see if there are cars over here
okay they're doing it here even though
that guy came up late he still went when
this guy did because opposites generally
go right so these two are going even
though I think this guy pulled up after
right this car gets here first this car
both of these cars beat this guy there
but this guy got here the first the
first so their thing goes he goes then
he goes let's see if these guys continue
to follow this general trend then the
opposites go but this isn't backed up
traffic opposites go it's that's because
they happen to be opposite doesn't mean
it's it's opposites that's how it clears
it no it's not you shall be more traffic
also this is what I said earlier my
initial argument that these multi-lane
stop signs are cancerous this is what
that one girl tried to do that I said oh
god I said that people do this that when
you have left hand Turner's on these
stop signs that people on the right will
try to sneak through two cars at a time
because these intersections are really
unintuitive watch what happens okay this
guy okay so these guys are going this
guy's just pulling up now this guy's
turning left and that guy's going but
because of the way the intersection is
this guy feels like he should build
because the card of a lots of McGuinn
these intersections are nightmares
[ __ ] off no I know I agree there should
probably just be if I can stop sign
there not a stop sign I saw played here
these guys opposites go opposites went
wait hold on hold on hold on hold on a
home who got here first okay Dan would
argue that it's still his system because
technically this guy got here before
that guy but here opposites are going oh
no wait look at that Bukhari this okay
white car got here first and stop first
blue car is over there what are you
doing buddy oh he just goes I guess you
could argue busy turning right maybe it
doesn't matter yeah he's been body
blocks that's the whole body blocks
don't count
you know that you can't cause an
accident with what you're doing
left-hand turns are completely different
also Chad is right the roundabouts are
the true meta roundabouts are much
easier to navigate multi Lane stop signs
when people can turn left this is a
garbage to your [ __ ] way of
organizing traffic but this isn't what I
want listen guys find me find me a
four-way stop one lane each way okay
where the traffic is backed up please
and we'll uh we'll go through that video
for about an hour
no we find us 30 seconds that it's like
a destiny driver I'd be like Stevie just
admit defeat that you're wrong you're
wrong in the law and you're wrong in
practice you're bad and you should feel
that oh my god and your four-way stop
arguments there is always a body block
of people going straight yeah of course
I know no I don't want these weird ass
[ __ ] intersections I want the ones
where it's just a four-way stop with a
lot of traffic because I don't even know
if there's a [ __ ] car break I can't
even see the whole intersection there's
not even a car over here oh and these
are stop these are traffic lights what
the [ __ ] dog I wish that I just add this
list of people I have to like somehow
avoid them in the real world just to
know that there's complete [ __ ] six
extra chromosome person in a car coming
I like how whenever you find things that
like to disagree with you the tab that's
[ __ ] yeah well no it's cuz it's not
relevant to what we're talking about
well it's only relevant if you're right
well no no no because it has like
stoplights and [ __ ] you [ __ ] idiot
what the [ __ ] you want to say your
answer to stoplight for ten minutes this
is the meme you're looking for oh yes
let's find the one video that might
possibly agree with you the only video
that I want is a video that shows a no I
just want to see a four-way traffic stop
with cars backed up with one lane each
that's all I want to see that's it can
you find me that knows what you're
asking for will not show you that you'll
complain about some logistics like oh
well technically the camera no look like
this has pedestrians all over it if I
close this am i ruining your [ __ ] day
like this is not this is [ __ ] weird
so you know what let me look for a map
okay let's see if I could I don't know
if there cuz we cuz it's LA there's like
stoplights everywhere I also whoever
link that that was a three-way
intersection the one-way road it's three
o'clock in Los Angeles like you should
be able to go out no because in Los
Angeles we have a greater population
than 27 [ __ ] people so there aren't
stop signs everywhere we use actual
stoplights okay it's a 21st century
ideas reason that you're not able to
find busy four-way stop no stop well hey
there stop sign intersections cuz they
don't they absolutely do and I've
actually to drive to [ __ ] works all
I'm pretty sure you have and I [ __ ]
had this Citadis dumbass [ __ ] when I
drove to school every day there was a
[ __ ] four-way stop outside [ __ ]
school and that's how every but this is
just my one experience maybe they're
different all across the rest of the
country but like in every four way stop
situation or maybe they're more common
in the Midwest than they are like in LA
admittedly out here in Glendale and Los
Angeles I don't know if I see very many
four-way stop signs in the Midwest I saw
him [ __ ] everywhere and at every
four-way stop sign its opposites are
going that's just how they worked at
every [ __ ] sorry my antenna
influenced your views on determinism
flowers
[Music]
even three capitalist men of high
intellect can't agree on this debate and
yet you grow up women drive shameless
squat Oh brothers in the den where did
you grow up massachusetts okay so
clearly the difference here is that we
all come from real states yeah I'm not
like [ __ ] farm counter countries for
you're like oh well there's a cow over
there to the right well that means jeez
this say a mile wins what see if you
live installed called EMU I know what
state you live in but that's why I don't
wanna buck and make my joke on you
because it'll reveal it never mind [ __ ]
you well well rained yesterday and you
know what Jesus said when it rains
two cars come together at the same time
but you know it didn't rain the day
before
that's your [ __ ] argument there this
type of [ __ ] you're doing destiny also
destinies to defend myself from the joke
that I think you would have made yes
drivers in my state are [ __ ] crazy
but they're not bad drivers like drivers
from surrounding oh that guy was bad you
shouldn't have done that yeah but that's
because he was gonna hit a pedestrian
yeah well that's bad you shouldn't a
great car okay I am going Destinee your
argument actually happens throwing it
back up yes
that's my whole point is what happens at
every big four-way stop sign this before
we stop sign this is how it always
happens but Dan is saying that people
actually clockwise I hate you yes I'm
gonna the next time I see a four-way
stop I'm gonna sit there for [ __ ] an
hour and I'm just gonna record it then
I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna
[ __ ] my cameras gonna have somebody
come in 20 [ __ ] times we watch this
video find it find the video in Florida
by me before we stop find me before way
stop in Florida where it actually
happens that way I would love to watch
I'm inviting you to find your own
evidence in Florida okay I don't have to
prove the law you have to prove when I'm
talking about what the law is nobody
gives a [ __ ] with the laws I don't know
how drivers actually negotiate four-way
stops that stops 90% of your chat
disagree
I don't give a [ __ ] about 80% my [ __ ]
shadow they're not fake people I don't
give a [ __ ] if I have these [ __ ]
people said they have you been [ __ ]
late I don't know these guys are
actually sad a [ __ ] car before half
these guys fell the other [ __ ] mom
and dad driving to school spill okay new
pole Dan right destiny right sorry Dan
right I don't drive destiny right I
don't drive the end they're gonna lie to
prove a point I'm not I'm not they're
honest people you think they would come
on the internet and why no sir no sir
okay hold on let's find this out real
quick
do you drive yes or no let's find out
how many people drive just do four
questions I'm just gonna I just want to
see right now I'm just curious how many
people actually drive be honest guys
please oh here you go twitch chat watch
the results be proportionally the same
as the first that's right these guys
know for the people that agreement
that's totally true kimchi I just saw
that you lied on yours I said no [ __ ]
lying holy [ __ ] what I don't understand
destiny it's like how do you figure that
people like magically have like a
telepathic understanding when to change
the law when it like when it starts
getting backed up because nobody cuz
when you drive you're not usually
exercising like a matter of the law
usually roads are engineered in a
particular way and vehicles are designed
in a particular way that certain things
feel natural that's why all of you are
like how do we we'll know the look but
if any of us were to step on the
interstate right now 95 percent of the
people in the interstates are breaking
the law
I don't know Devin you tell me how do
people figure out when to break the law
80% of the people drive eighty percent
of the people agreed with me interesting
whoa
there you go stats 101 does must be the
same people are you talking about the
statistics I take being wrong meanwhile
you're like guys anyone have a youtube
video of four cars waiting we're gonna
find Dan our goal over the next week or
in the next startups podcasts okay we're
gonna [ __ ] record all the four-way
stops we can I can't even believe this
is happening right now
I actually I
nice I want to be clear with something
here this is exciting
I'm proud to be the first person to beat
destiny on ironically in a debate
without question without question if
anyone ever says hasn't ever lost a
debate and welcome to us actually I
actually can't even believe this
it wasn't politics it wasn't it wasn't a
youtuber it was dead that is the hell
you die I can't actually believe this
it's unbelievable
[Music]
we need we need to get the CEO of
traffic on the next startups podcast
yeah I get the who's the Department of
Transportation [ __ ] undersecretary
where do I get when I reached two years
oh by the way Dan had that Camaro end up
looking after uh today was [ __ ]
nothing we just [ __ ] bumped over the
[ __ ] curb there's no damage or
whatsoever there's no damage whatsoever
listen you're lucky I could [ __ ]
drive it all listen I [ __ ] rolled
over a curb okay that was dumb I admit
it but with all three of you [ __ ]
screaming Molina the back I want to go
hiking
mr. Mouton the [ __ ] top down I'm
getting [ __ ] and then Dan in the
front looking antagonizing both him
you're like a headed if I could drive
off the road intentionally kill all
three of us okay all four of us all
right holy [ __ ] I'm driving around with
you [ __ ] is unfuckin bearable it was
fun [ __ ] bear but I was ready to kill
myself at least seven different times on
that trip in a video game in a video
game on a Nintendo DS cartridge I was
playing Pokemon and I was gonna kill my
own Pokemon I was so upset just it's
okay to be a bad driver oh my god we're
gonna go looking
oh and here's Ober Andy here who hasn't
[ __ ] sat his ass at a car in [ __ ]
15 [ __ ] years the last time [ __ ]
Andy drove a car he was on [ __ ]
network TV gonna come out here right now
I don't even need this [ __ ] right now
okay everybody right now in chat here's
your [ __ ] jobs in chat right now okay
guys you guys all need to go fine you
need to go find four-way stops okay you
need to go find four-way stop just
linked it someone just linked it with a
this shows Dan is right this livestream
is showing done
it's a wife's dream well let's go no
that's okay let's go check let's go
Chuck let's go check your traffic was
backed-up it's not a one lane these are
one ladies are these interceptors are so
much different god damn it alright well
back to the [ __ ] drawing board feet
we'll find the perfect situation someday
the here's here you go here are my
qualification Stan it's nice and easy
okay look okay very easy okay yeah one
lane before we stop it's all I need
right there okay that's all find it I
don't even want money you can just [ __ ]
I don't know I'm gonna think about what
I want I know once you admit you're
wrong [ __ ] what should I ask for a chat
good mod power no it's too deep it's too
risky
the Communists wouldn't be here anymore
yeah yeah the stinky Parkers damn this
guy just [ __ ] rolling through well
[ __ ] auto host that's name that you
said you gave and never [ __ ] did did
I really not auto host yeah good luck
holy [ __ ] wait is there not even a stop
sign here you guys don't eat there's
already a [ __ ] stop sign here or is
there why are these people just rolling
through this isn't even a four-way stop
and they don't know how to drive I I -
I'm going to good job Dan you did it
undefeated world wide debater is me
don't let him away no no way this does
say always Scott what the [ __ ] soon as I
leave he's gonna try and claim to find
something and say he's right don't let
him get away with it I need you guys to
stay strong don't let him go okay
[ __ ] shocking at this intersection he
is right it's gonna be really hard to
suppress that but I believe that you
guys can do it okay I believe in you
okay this is canoes people in Kentucky I
think we can all agree these guys have
no idea what's going on here but goodbye
Dan get [ __ ] [ __ ] why is this guy
going
two at a time if this is me always yeah
you better yeah you better blue good
okay big ol by the way Steven I just
want to say that you were never gonna
win this debate because everyone in chat
has seen your driving streams and that's
great
I don't give a five I Drive I Drive
quick listen I've been driving for
longer than most of the [ __ ] in my
chat okay never got hurt for driver
before and chill out well it's only a
matter of time okay we'll see I
guarantee you I have more miles on my
car than 99% of people in chat
guaran-fucking-tee many miles on your
car
wave I don't know a [ __ ] ton or not
miles on this car but like I've driven
between here and Omaha but from LA to
Omaha I've done that drive like four
times are doing from Omaha to Miami like
[ __ ] like six or seven times and I
used to commute for school and for work
in another [ __ ] city so sure all right
I'm peace now and your I love you still
be careful buddy thanks buddy
this intersection is [ __ ] I don't know
what these people are like going through
like two at a time and everything okay I
don't know what the [ __ ] what you're
pushing for happens and actually because
cars end up body blocking for each other
like jampa yeah sure I know of course I
don't want a [ __ ] simulation oh the
head of the Department of Transportation
we get allah's dream last tweet June
27th oh my god I'm so [ __ ] triggered
right now okay we gotta find a four-way
stop boys
they're going at the same time the
traffic sign has backed up here though
but
the meta is different from 2003
wait hold on let's watch that
this blue truck here so this guy's are
gone and then these guys are gone even
though that guy thinks stop first this
guy's probably pulled up first but I
would not wait it doesn't matter damn
these here sir if there are two lanes
over here I can't tell because of the
resolution the video I wish this lane
was backed up what the [ __ ] is this guy
even doing these guys go these two go
maybe this guy is like [ __ ] lost
well that guy was turning lost me to
wait for him those two go these this guy
is like [ __ ] it all right I don't know
these are crazy drivers this is an
anecdote and they're breaking law we're
not talking about the law is it's not
two lanes but they're treating it like
it what is your system for four ways in
every four way that I've ever seen this
is how it works okay when traffic is
backed up the guy in front of you goes
the guy opposite of him probably went
you pull up to the stop sign the guy
opposite you possible to stop sign these
two people are probably going once they
go then you go with the other dude in
the other lane you might have to stop if
he's turning left or if you're turning
left you could wait for him then you go
whatever and you go and then the other
two guys would go and then these two
guys will go then the other two guys
will go and then these two guys will go
and that's how every four-way stop that
I've ever been at and my entire life
works every single time these two people
go these two people go these two people
every single one I have never my life
but like this guy goes that guy goes
that guy goes this guy goes that guy
goes this guy like in like an order of
who got there never seen it in my entire
life I have never seen it happen in my
entire life because the other guy can't
go if there's a car in the [ __ ]
middle of course which is why that's why
it's how it works car here car here car
here car here okay
if this guy's going but it's this guy's
turn it's this guy's turn to go right
this guy is just gonna [ __ ] go
because this guy he can't go cuz there's
a [ __ ] car in front of him so this
guy is just gonna go and then after
these guys have cleared then these two
guys are gonna go and guess what this
guy can't go cuz this guy's goin this
guy can't go cuz this guys go and then
these two guys are gonna go and then
these two and that's how it's gonna go
do every through every [ __ ] 4-way stop
that's how it's gonna work
why wouldn't you just use roundabouts
because we're American and we don't like
doing things Europeans do even if they
work this system only works until you
get multiple lanes and left turns it's
not scalable I agree with you there that
my system doesn't really work there but
my argument there is that no system
works there when you have intersections
and all the videos today that we watched
seem to demonstrate this when you have
intersections with multiple lanes on
both sides and then there are stop signs
these intersections are always [ __ ]
nightmares drivers cannot negotiate
these intersections people try to sneak
through people don't know who the [ __ ]
is supposed to go people turning left
make everybody [ __ ] confuse these
intersections are nice these
intersections are always [ __ ]
confusing as [ __ ] and everything [ __ ]
up these are better to have red lights
or like roundabouts these inners and
that was one of the reason why I was
critical of the the cables video
initially was like I don't know this
[ __ ] thing that seems confusing as
[ __ ] because anything we've got two
lanes that like one stop sign if
somebody could turn light like it's just
really [ __ ] confusing
[Music]
but the reason why so this is the from
the K bubbles clip the reason why this
probably works is because my guess is
that this is probably a really low
traffic intersection so they're just
like throw stops end up in like half
[ __ ] it people will figure it out
because it's a really slow it's a really
slow intersection that'd be my guess but
like in a video like this or in an
intersection like this oh my god I suck
we need like a template for drawing
intersections okay let's see if I can do
and intersection like this if there's a
car oh god backup if there's a car here
in a car here and then there's a car
here okay if wait okay hold on let me
think about this there's traffic let's
say we actually have traffic in both
directions okay let's see if there's a
car here and a car here in a car here
let's say that this guy goes okay so
this guy is gone fresh car goes and then
another car pulls up okay but this guy
is in the middle of the intersection
okay this guy is pulling up and then
there's a car here in a car here if this
guy starts going this person here to the
left of them if they just pull up even
though that guy gets there first
this guy will go every [ __ ] time
guaran-fucking-tee I don't care the [ __ ]
the law is or what clockwise rules of
seven or algebra you want to do to
figure who this person will always go if
they pull up and this guy's here and he
starts going this person will go
regardless of where this [ __ ] person
that's the reality of how these
intersections work it just is and I
don't that's why I don't like these
intersections I think it's really weird
to have a stop sign with multiple lanes
it's really [ __ ] weird in the video
she should have pulled out to the
intersection a waiter for the car in
front of her to go straight yes I agree
but not because he was there first
not because he was there first but
because you always give the you always
give right away to people that are going
straight if you're turning left that's
why she should have let him go first
well even though where somebody can link
the traffic cam what was the traffic and
everybody's linking before that was
supposed to prove something in Kentucky
is it gonna say it in the like even in
this in this multi way like people see
like look like this guy just went look
look like he just sucked America and we
can go and look at like probably a ton
of these types of intersections people
do not navigate these intersections well
because it's really [ __ ] confusing
and it's not intuitive which is bad and
we can probably watch this and we can
find it's a two lane it doesn't matter
the guy was like right behind I mean he
just went I'm sure that if we sit here
we watch this we can find a ton of
people that are doing things that they
probably shouldn't be because these
types of intersections it was really
[ __ ] weird all wait or maybe that
person was on behind him I can't tell
we'll say we'll watch her a little bit
if like there's actually like traffic
all these even sound the sounds of
Kentucky
I'm gonna dock Sudan if you keep sending
me dumb [ __ ]
wait okay how about me can I go back so
again let who is both Maddon balding
nice so this guy looks like he just went
I it sucks you can't see this here but
these two guys are waiting to go now but
then these two guys just [ __ ] go and
then these guys go but me I don't know
what's happening it's hard to see cuz
it's off camera and then this guy just
pulls up it goes like I don't know this
seems like a nightmare of a [ __ ]
intersection but there's not enough
traffic here for us to properly evaluate
all in this goes back many hours
wait this is a one can we find this at
five o'clock
okay rush-hour traffic
should that red car have really gone
their [ __ ] oh wait wait
I can use the arrows so he looks like he
stopped this guy's going
then he oh but he pulls up a little bit
more wait what does he stop twice so he
stops oh he doesn't I guess he looks
like he's trying he then he goes forward
a little bit more like he wants to go I
think I can't tell but then this guy
just goes after he's turning left this
guy goes but this guy is not sure he's
going left oh no he's not he's just
going straight he's just not sure okay
maybe because he's expecting this guy to
go but then he goes after now this guy
is going no this guy is going then this
guy goes immediately so this is kind of
like it looks like they were trying to
use dance system here but then the other
guy used how most people do it so this
guy goes wait wait hold on so I would
expect this car to go while this guy's
going but he doesn't go he waits cuz
he's doing dance system so this guy goes
then this guy goes but then this guy
goes and he was expecting him to use
dance system which he's not because you
would always just go like cross or
whatever cross street now he goes then
these two guys go together there's no
cars backed up here done disguise
you had to look for an hour to find what
most people do we had a look for an hour
to find an intersection that actually
fits our laws or fits the requirement
we're looking for he was turning so he
couldn't use dance system
wait like wait what the [ __ ] just
happened here okay so these this guy is
going and now these on so why car pulls
up he feels like he can go because he's
going probably maybe or maybe he's just
waiting for that guy to go and now these
two are going I guess there might be
traffic backed up here to which I can't
really see new metas traffic streams
this guy goes this guy just pulled up so
he feels like he can go home and this
guy's like [ __ ] it or maybe there's no
cars I guess I can't tell how there are
cars over here testing about what the
[ __ ] is to set down well it's confusing
when you get multi Lane stop signs don't
work I don't think nobody is waiting
that's why well because people don't
generally come to full stops of stop
signs either oh and they're waiting for
the traffic to clear here too right
there could be traffic over here that I
can't see and that's why they're waiting
to like this white truck here was just
waiting for traffic over there I believe
are all of your intersections like this
know these types of multi Lane stop sign
intersections are should be pretty rare
because these are garbage as [ __ ]
okay 200k not paying taxes on it and all
of a sudden that house is worth two
million dollars
