the man the myth the legend Derry back
at it again okay hopefully no one pops
in this time bringing up trauma that I
don't want to talk about okay so my my
question is rhetorical based first off
what do you think of the day yeah I
heard you said you were a veteran that's
okay [ __ ] sorry go ahead
yeah yeah who's that
like him I just saw a friend okay sorry
go ahead
yeah so what do you think of the zoo's
Eckford Jordan Peterson debate I've been
watching I thought Peterson was a
[ __ ] idiot I watched Peter since
opening in and I'd cringed and turn it
off how do you know what you would
consider that type of debate what do you
mean what I would consider it like the
the form of it these is the structure oh
I don't know it was their name for it
you could essentially call it an
Aristotle type debate where you have a
series of points that you address all at
once that's not your style
right maybe not but all right so I've
noticed and I've been paying careful
attention to your style of debates and
this seems like you're in between Raj
Aryan and Toolman but I feel like if you
could because you were talking about
your rhetoric before and ways to improve
it I think if you have the names for
your Styles
it like better isolate the way that you
tackle the problems okay so Rogerian is
the one where and there's like a
four-step process where you state hey I
understand this problem um and then you
follow up with how valid that problem
could be under certain circumstances and
you follow that up with how their
position can be improved if they
consider your position on there so what
that is is basically a here
mystic approach to what people are
thinking for the level of people that
you speak with I think that's kind of
why you've fallen into that that style
because it seems to be a more way to
like communicate with people that it
might be hard to reach you disagree um
not necessarily I mean it's the first
time you've given me this idea but okay
are the first time I've been presented
with this idea so okay so what you I
think what you've been doing at least up
until recently is like the Toolman it's
considered where it's it's a lot more
simply you have the grounds then you
have a warrant for it and then you have
a claim
sorry motorcycle go [ __ ] floor
everyone's just trying to be the biggest
douchebag on the road um yeah so ii mean
basically just here's the grounds here's
the warrant as it appears to claims the
the criticism for a Jerian that's like
the newest out of these is that it can
be manipulative and it's hard to use and
teach those are two hookups I don't
think you have so I can give you some
references for Rogerian but if you ever
like interested in hey how can i really
get through to people and I'm sorry I
see you struggling sometimes and the way
you kind of frame things I think if you
actually can isolate exactly you're
broke it might help a little bit okay
yeah think about it okay that's kind of
just like one little spiel about that
and I think the reason why I like your
first visceral reaction to the second
week I'll wait til one guy's done
speaking and then I'll come back because
that's I mean that's Aristotle type and
that's well know my rare I didn't mind
the format so much I just thought maybe
I was really [ __ ] out of his Deb I
think it was around the time I heard the
Petersons say that Marxist or that Marx
believes that like all proletariat's are
good and all capitalists are evil or
something or that all evil comes from I
was like around that I was like this is
so stupid and I turn
oh yeah that was like his description of
of a system that you don't support
either but I'm well that was that's like
that showed like his total
misunderstanding I think of what right
like which makes him saying things like
Marxism or like the neo-marxist um or
post Marxism is literally like taking
marks and then applying it to things
without the class struggle when
literally the central point of marks is
that all of history can be understood
through class struggle like he basically
took like the thing that make Marxism
Marxism and then said well if we take
this thing out it was just a real
diamond it seemed a real [ __ ] stay
with me I don't know why [ __ ] he thought
he could do that debate but did you
watch on Hassan's analysis of it no okay
I don't bring that up just randomly I
bring that up because he what he was
able to do was analyzed in his communist
lens how he viewed the debate and even
him was someone who it wasn't
necessarily a commie debate it didn't
come across heavy-handed so there's even
a point where he like said hey this is I
understand the points of this and I
bring that up because there is some
substance to being able to look at a
half-an-hour of context of what actually
is going through someone's head and
being able to analyze in concrete
through points so basically it's the
difference of here's a tweet obviously
you can't get too much out of that
versus here's thirty minutes the guy
talking and being responded to so you
get well yeah but like yeah I don't
disagree the format but Peterson didn't
do this like he didn't give like 30
minutes of like good analysis like he
was totally lost like this was a
conversation he was not equipped to have
like by his own admission I think he
leaked was saying oh I read the
communist manifesto and I was like his
like [ __ ] prep like I don't know why
he would bring that up but like yeah
like I have one day to get my [ __ ]
together I'll be fine yeah this debate
was like [ __ ] a year in the making or
some [ __ ] like he was just rambling hard
when he was talking he seemed nervous as
[ __ ] to I don't know if he realized like
halfway into his rambling but he had no
[ __ ] idea what the [ __ ] he was
talking about or what but which I want
to say too like with that video that's
posted I walk around I'm walking around
right now when I talk so mm-hmm I'm not
like I'm not nervous or anything
okay yeah this is there's there's some
merits to it so I think your visceral
reaction to people speaking for a long
period of time is kind of like - now I
don't know if that's like a part of ADHD
or whatever not making the assumptions
but there's like there's some merits to
it because you can actually like take a
part series of context and so you have a
better understanding so there's like
there's pros and cons okay and the other
thing was so you aren't a commie but you
the distribution of wealth is something
that you see a problem with right yeah
probably yeah
okay do you know the difference between
healthspan verse lifespan yeah can you
elaborate I think health span when
people include like your helps oh wait
oh sorry I think lifespan is typically
seen as like the the like the meaning
ages for death or whatever based on how
complicated to find that and then health
span is like how many years of healthy
life you have where you're considered
like mentally cognizant and like
physically capable or whatever right
yeah yeah it's pretty pretty simple
concept yeah I mentioned those two
previous things to talk about something
else which is basically the distribution
of gene therapy in the future so money
is already a large disparity in health
but luck I mean huh wealth also
indicates probably a longer period of
living but with the advent of even a
2017 there was a $500,000 therapy by Kim
Rhea something like that that was to
help with cancer and that that therapy
was super expensive but super useful and
was also even in approved by the FDA to
actually go into effect okay so the the
question for thought is kind of the
logical conclusion with the developing
of gene therapies
that there's going to be even a larger
disparity between the health of poor and
rich rich people will have both their
health spans in lifespans drastically
larger than those of the poor so the the
food for thought is what in a situation
where we have you basically another tool
to entrench the wealthy more and good
society and then another way to
whitening after they're to the point
right right so I mean that makes the
situation just that much more severe
yeah of course it's just when people
talk about communism and stuff and this
and that and improving society it's like
there's this big missing argument I
think right now where people aren't
discussing how much of a difference is
going to be when you can afford
basically maybe living 50 percent longer
a lot of people been discussing that
yeah I think that's a pretty big point
when people bring up like gene therapy
they talk about like well this is just
gonna be another way that poor people
get [ __ ] basically I feel like when I
hear people bring it up I feel like this
is always like one of the big points
it's brought up I guess I don't have
anything specific I can decide I don't
think I can look at it but I mean the
last I listened to was on Sean Karl's
podcast I have [ __ ] like I'm so
denying or some [ __ ] there was a guy
that I'm came on to talk about it and
Sean Carroll brought it up and the guy
didn't even want to talk about it he was
so angry but yeah Sean Carroll brought
it up is like a thing like yeah this is
gonna be another way that like we widen
the gap between the rich and the poor
interesting I read a study this year
about kind of xenotransplantation and
such with mice that's my field we're
gonna have another PhD in the audience
eventually Wow
but yeah that's just that's about it
does look those only two things
TC Brady wanted me to tell you you know
he didn't mean to break the combo so to
unmute them mice okay there we go TC
I did it for you so I don't know what he
thinks of that okay I'm also thirty as
of yesterday so full of boomer gotcha
all right I love you buddy be careful
yeah
[Music]
