my deuter's welcome to the September
18th 2019 version of the day of the Dark
Templar podcast is that what we're what
does DT stand for again I don't even
remember it's been so long dude I don't
I don't know either actually I'm trying
to give a cute acronym that's not Donald
Trump but I don't know if I can uh my
[ __ ] is too too low to figure it out
honestly I'm not clever enough how's
life going for you what have you been up
to oh my god dude well if you've um well
let's see first off let's just didn't
get some context here that it's been I
think at minimum three weeks since we
lasted an episode it might have been
even longer than I don't even know
anymore
like it's guys perhaps you've been so
bad I can't even recall how inconsistent
we've been we've been consistently
inconsistent that's how bad it's been so
I feel like that's point you're a total
stranger I don't even know I don't know
what the [ __ ] you view up to these days
like one week you're out of the country
oh but you're not in the country I can't
tell if you're just being actively
deported because you have some kind of
like got some low-key like Cuban
immigration crisis going on internally I
don't know what's going on with you
right now so listen I I don't know why
we've missed so many episodes the last
one I was in London for a week I don't
know whatever we missed before then I
think the one before that might have
been your fault and then the one before
that we can just say that's your fault
too
and yeah I was like okay alright where
there's like a ton of [ __ ] you wanna
just jump into like stuff to talk about
or what do you want to you know you're
right right I'll spare you the aisle
I'll be the bigger man not even like
making about who who failed the most on
on accountability and all that we can
just share the mutual blame because it's
our podcast and whoops both agree that
we both suck ass professionally and I'll
move on and promise a more consistent
schedule for all the active people here
right now mmm-hmm fair okay sounds good
without the way here yeah it's been it's
been only three weeks I have a [ __ ] ton
of topics to talk about with you here
probably one of our most action-packed
most dense episodes ever to win back the
loyalty of all the DTO
oil Lister who may still be at this
point but just to answer your question
here on the introductions Webb enough -
I've been two main things one I'm back
in gym now and that's it's been holy
holy [ __ ] it's been awesome I'm really
happy to have slowed down my dicks T
plus day
stream binging I did from the success of
mario maker huh and well that so you
know one is I presume working out so we
don't want to talk like you know dude
bro [ __ ] like working out we can talk
about that and take it with my why I
stopped the binge early and why I
started a gym again and what that means
for me and how I feel about it but
that's one thing if I'm going further
the other thing is that I II two days
ago I actually did the the Pocky one
ship challenge I ate a UH a watch that
you did yep
okay well this for those who don't know
here I ate a UH I ate a chip that was
coated in a Carolina Reaper spice slash
seasoning it is it is the truth I I
about died and I had to I believe it
went viral on live stream fails I mean I
had like 12kb was whenever I did it it
was insane it is I can tell you all
about that I couldn't hear about how
that went
yeah how did you feel how was it oh god
dude honestly I had a lot of anxiety day
before I kind of I kind of it was really
hitting me that what I agreed to
at first I thought it was gonna be you
know something along with a ghost pepper
which I was okay close it was not too
too bad I can probably it's gonna
probably suck for like an hour or
whatever but no big deal then I found
out I found out after I agreed until I
do this promotion that like oh by the
way it's a Carolina Reaper which is like
somewhere between six to eight times
worse than a than a ghost ghost pepper
and I was like oh [ __ ] there's something
worse than ghost pepper oh my [ __ ]
god do don't know why I agreed to at
this point and then I started I watched
one YouTube reaction of someone eating a
Carolina Reaper chip and I was like oh
okay Wow so I started getting exhausted
getting like anxious and nervous and the
day before I got terrible sleep and then
like the day of them just like oh my god
dude I can't after just like kind of
stop thinking about it just gonna like
just do the thing and see what happens
and and yeah so once I ate the chip dude
it was unreal I would say that it was
kind of like a shock I've kinda compared
to like a car accident in essence like
the ten minutes
the first 10 minutes after eating the
chip I was like just in autopilot I was
delirious I couldn't see I had so much
tears in my eyes I couldn't see anything
I don't know what I was doing my my body
like I couldn't I came how quick the
body reacts because once I ate the chip
it was like the amount of saliva that
was rushing to my AIDS I guess protects
my tongue or whatever it was I was
insane I lost motor skills I was
drooling I couldn't even stop it a lot I
couldn't feel my tongue couldn't feel my
lips couldn't get my mouth the amount of
spice was so insane that I was like
triggering vomit vomit feelings very
quickly but I don't have to fight
because spice probably make it way way
worse with trying to vomit there's a lot
it is a if you look at the reaction the
full versions come in my youtube
tomorrow but you can go to my vods and
look at it check it out if you want to
or my pinch weed if you want it is a
yeah man that was insane
super insane Holland in the last from
starting to finish so the the absolute
intensity where I couldn't even speak
was about ten minutes but the the actual
the whole ship itself was probably about
16 hours because there honestly people
focus on eating the chip and enduring
the spice you know with thinking
obviously within your mouth and the
taste buds and the and everything else
but in actuality it's a three part cycle
it is eating the chip it is digesting
the chip and then there is the exit of a
chip all three of those were equally as
bad if not I would say part 2 if you're
actually worse digesting the chip you
can train yourself to like you know have
a tongue that can endure the spice and
you know you can you know be a Tabasco
chugging you know Louisiana home home
home brewed you know cocky [ __ ] but
there's no way you can train your organs
prepare for digesting that level of
spiciness I felt every single part of
that like I hate this chip two days ago
at 6:15 p.m. local time on the dot I'm
telling you here about 9:15
I have to go initially I ate the chip
and you know what I have the AB the huge
amount of viewership because I did the
chip challenge and I was gonna plan the
plate Borderlands be with my girl for
the coop but I couldn't do it like I
couldn't focus I was having I was having
heat you know hot flashes again and I
was just like really uncomfortable but
everyone kept thinking had to like go
number two but actually wasn't the case
it was like no i yeah I don't have to go
to the bathroom I just feel like total
[ __ ] right now and I can't figure out
what it is and obviously my conclusion
by elimination was that was because of
the digestion
that I have to take care of or it was
just it had to happen can we we've got
the clip can we watch you eat this Oh
oh my god yeah lick it all will do
together
yeah I can post it on my DG shot I can't
really type and discard but here we go
sure that's not a problem okay we're
about to start ready
wait did you well okay wait wait yeah
not even close to ready um do I got you
happy like me like 30 seconds to deal
with [ __ ] ready I like how the title of
it is like so no looks like - under
under still in the title your holy [ __ ]
hey looks like I'm almost ready alright
I am I'm ready
gonna count three two one go
you asked me any last words
twitch prime prime jet last words
[Music]
yes some PTSD wife has no there do I
weigh did your girlfriend eat the whole
chat she did wait why is it not why is
it not affecting her that much the heart
rate Oh do because I was I'm gonna know
why she she seems like it's not that big
a deal to her why she's inhuman I don't
[ __ ] know do my girlfriend's like a
from Planet [ __ ] the Sun I'm even
[ __ ] know dude like she has done
spicy ramen on her stream for fun like I
don't I don't even know dude I can't
even I don't know how how she can just
do it so easily
she actually not only did she like eat
the chip and like pretty much um I'm the
YouTube click Vader giving the the
obnoxious reaction she's sitting there
worried about me thinking I'm about to
die um she actually didn't drink any
milk until one minute in whereas I 15
seconds in was just like dying you know
you normally eat like spicy food or no
no [ __ ] I'm gonna I've got to get one of
these too I will do it on stram guys I
swear to god I'm super serious sound we
are you especi
fanatic or I mean like I really like
spicy food there are definitely people
that can eat more spicy food than me but
I'm definitely on the upper end of like
normal people for sure but but I mean
like there that's like there are people
that are crazy I'm not crazy
but I know but I'm just carries notice
I'm super curious bro you yeah [ __ ] oh I
can tell you more about it if you what's
the name of the check [ __ ] paq UI
they have a they have a bunch of chips
actually you can you can try you can
order that the the one chip it's like
six bucks nope Emily's gonna try this
[ __ ] too so I'm getting the 10 pack $60
for ten chips that's the real part here
honestly it's doing it alone is kind of
boring you got to make it a social thing
because like you know doing if I did
honestly it would have probably boring
because if the whole whole clip there
what happened was I I do the chip uh-huh
and then in about about a minute later I
walk off camera but I walked off because
of two reasons one I you know I had
12,000 viewers and I
I didn't want to bobbin on stream I was
I didn't expect to have to vomit uh
thank you actually oh you know I did not
vomit I thought it really really hard
the way I can think of pear honestly and
this is like okay so I didn't know what
to expect honestly like the whole thing
I'm stuck it's gonna be really really
spicy I chose to not watch any reactions
on YouTube because I didn't want to like
I want to go in as ignorant as possible
uh-huh um and maybe I shouldn't really
spoil it to you here but like what
happened was the level of spice is so
extreme and I I assume so foreign to my
body that if you imagine like a
speedometer it was kind of like throttle
it's like throttling like off-the-charts
and so whenever let's say if your
throttle is like you know at a nine out
of ten um you know your red gauge once
you go past that nine it's triggering
ejection like it wants to vomit it out
because it's causing extreme discomfort
so eleven dollars for shipping what the
[ __ ]
but I'm sorry go ahead so I had to drink
the milk it once I drink the milk like
it like it like a little sip of it I
would say it bid Bob me maybe like four
to five seconds of the the throttling
calming down from like a nine to like a
seven like I'm right at the edge of the
red lining right so I would have to find
anymore but if I'd if at the constantly
Chuck the milk to continuously calm down
the throttle to not feel the urge to
vomit so because of that reason I got
buff cameras I don't want to bomb an on
stream but I was like just chugging milk
walking back pacing jumping up and down
just like in total disbelief of how
extreme it was I couldn't see by the way
I was just like couldn't see a [ __ ]
thing dude it was it was insane yeah
right [ __ ] it I ordered it so hopefully
it's hearing within a week how you
handle leather but okay now I'm
describing what my
my trauma was but then you look at my
girlfriend just like okay people in chat
are telling me that like do you think
that so like how would you rate on a
scale from one to ten how would you rate
like sriracha's spiciness man I wouldn't
put anything the ghost pen oh no no just
just like I like on a normal scale of
like spicy food like where would you put
like sriracha hmm are we including the
not including the chip no no just like
okay we're Tennison that's like really
really really spicy zero is like not
spicy at all like what would you put
sriracha or meat until like remove the
context of the Carolina Reaper and all
the other [ __ ] in here mm-hmm I don't
know like six out of ten okay so could
you can you like comfortably eat like
stuff with a lot of sriracha on it yeah
yeah okay all right because people might
shy were saying you said that sriracha
was like super spicy or something so
emotion all right I I didn't yes how
many chats ours is Christ okay no I
don't I don't
okay so I don't go after trying to eat
that kind of stuff but doesn't mean I
can't eat it I could eat it now having
had this I can definitely tell you I can
definitely eat that compared to this
gosh oh yeah it's like it's like it's
like really really hard to give this
like an accurate rating because like I
don't know like you like rate sriracha
but rate it a relevant of what I of what
I've experienced already so just kind of
tough to like eliminate the eggs I don't
know what you I don't know what the
spice thing you've tasted is okay coffee
yeah all right all right sounds good got
something to do now what else anything
else exciting you've done what is I
resumed gym which is pretty pretty
exciting it's crazy it's crazy how so
ultimately here I uh you know my maker -
coming out that new more maker game and
I'm really really excited about playing
I'm continue to play daily here since
June 26
I've been doing daily streaming until
about September 3rd or so and it's crazy
how my physical condition deteriorated
so rapidly with with just you know doing
the quote unquote streamer lifestyle
where you know I was trying to do
upwards of 10 to 12 hours of streaming
daily and it was only sustainable by
maximizing as much free time as possible
by you know doing the the uber
so I'm ordering new briefs twice a day
them just like you know I wake up I'm
live within an hour of being awake I'm
just ordering food to go to eat Walmart
Stream essentially uh-huh so I'm in my
chair a lot I'm not moving I'm eating a
lot it's very sanitary it's very
unhealthy blah blah blah did that
essentially for 60 days straight
we're the only moving I really did was
before and after the stream when I go
walk my dog uh-huh
so that way I actually would like you
know get you know somewhere above 2,000
steps in a given day it's crazy how
quickly my my health deteriorated I felt
like total dog [ __ ] by by the by like
day 50 dude I just couldn't do any more
my streams are boring I felt like I was
I thought no matter what I did no matter
what level of caffeine I consumed or
whatever I just I was yawning within two
hours of being awake on the stream and I
couldn't power up I couldn't like I
couldn't I couldn't give [ __ ] to give
honestly I was just out of it thought
also zombie honestly I'm still I was
like dude I can keep pushing this my
goal was it like you know do the do the
stream binge until twitchcon and then I
earn my breaks back again after
twitchcon but I couldn't do any more I
just felt like I was I was I was more
like doing this marathon for the sake of
the bragging points of how long I did it
but it was definitely like lowering my
output quality of my streams like I
don't blame you didn't watch me that
towards the end of August cuz I was just
like I wake up seven here don't worry
but oh well thanks man thanks bro I'm
ever not watching it's not because I
don't like you I don't want to stream
stuff don't worry no I have you like in
terms of like how Mario maker works is
it like fully like completed like I or
is there infinite amount of stuff to do
because people always making levels or
how does that work yeah it's similar to
Minecraft it's a user created content
people can make Mario levels and then
share them so there's like infinite
content to play and do there's always
some [ __ ] who's bragging about the
hardest level ever you can't beat it
right there's always one of those dudes
in my chair every freakin day so huh
it's all about matter if I can oh do i
want to like beat the love old i'm gonna
call this guy out do i want to you know
or is this level just like stupid bad
and dumb and obnoxious because like he
made it so that i would rage quit on it
or whatever you know these kind of
things happen all the time people are
aborted making like
dog [ __ ] hard levels' for hard for like
bad unintuitive reasons versus making a
good luck mechanically challenging level
alright yeah yeah there's a lot of that
so there's always macho dudes with like
huge egos and small dicks trying to call
me out so there's all it's always
infinite content it never it never
really ends honestly so you know but uh
but ya know I've been um about back and
working out now to give you an idea dude
whenever um I think I don't know what
wait I wasn't I started here but at the
peak of it when I said I'm gonna start
working out
I was 209 pounds as you know I'm uh I'm
five seven so that's not good it's not
good at all and I can't leave it really
got that bad but that's every day doing
the uber eats dice what it got to but I
can tell you right now ma'am I'm I'm at
206 I feel great
I feel like a human being again and I'm
gonna keep pushing dude I'm happy to be
back I'm doing uh doing it three days a
week right now I'm trying to like you
know not have a you know a kangaroo
pouch before I arrive at twitchcon you
feel me so sure I'm excited to give any
like fun plants for twitch connoisseur
are you doing like an even greater
anything like that
ooh actually yeah man I uh I'm doing a
meet-and-greet
I actually got upgraded to a 90 minute
meet and greet this year I'm pretty
excited for that so I'm up there with
the big dogs now it's pretty cool I'm
part of a I'm part of a business
business and tax planning panel so me
and Maya me and my go-to CPA an
accountant are all doing a panel
together so that's pretty cool that's
cute maybe I'll try to ski yeah actually
I encouraged them I told them I told my
my CPA and my financial advisor that
like hey look you guys are actually
awesome what you do have you guys since
they're doing a twitchcon panel and they
were lying I don't know and I'm like
dude dude just submit and put me down as
like one as you're like carry like I'll
be there with you to like bridge all
your technical tax jargon to like
English or whatever it'll be sick like
we'll get it it'll be an easy home run
panel dude people so many affiliates
have no [ __ ] clue how to do any of
this [ __ ] so many partners don't know
what the [ __ ] they're doing either here
we can hop in and like we could put on a
very successful panel so I told them
that they submitted we submitted we're
in
proved so yeah we're a Sunday Sunday 11
a.m. PST we have the the business and
tax essentials for streaming panel that
I'm part of so I have that my meet and
greet on body plan to make it exciting
yeah because I I went to a tax panel
once before with mr. Mouton and it was
probably the most boring thing I've ever
been to in my entire life
I was like really excited too because I
thought we're gonna like find like some
sick-ass like tax loopholes with some
tax tricks our tax tips and it was some
it was like a guy in the most boring
voice imaginable reading off like lines
to the tax code that was pretty that's
pretty simple
my involvement will make it definitely
good um be excited get some like a legal
tab salute tax loopholes maybe bring up
some [ __ ] like oh the mob did this and
that's how this worked make it some do
some exciting [ __ ] [ __ ] okay we want
to see here the nitty gritty the
craziest [ __ ] tax loopholes okay I
want people to be I want Kotaku to be
writing articles about how mad they are
that you guys were revealing some of the
seedy underbelly those sole owner s
corpse evading their [ __ ] payroll
taxes okay that the the crazy [ __ ]
whatever out [ __ ] whatever crazy
bullsh you I don't even know there's
gotta be like other crazy [ __ ] tips
the maxed out set by arrays we were
thrown 40k a year into some [ __ ]
investment account all tax differ and I
want some crazy eyes [ __ ] [ __ ] going
on their tracks okay you got a family I
will I got you covered here I'll use
anonymous examples that are there no
represent me or any part as I know their
affiliate with them and it'll be hot
hell yeah the IRS is like a we're do
research on stream we read about this
recently apparently the IRS is crazy
[ __ ] underfunded these days so guys if
you want to cheat on your taxes now is
the [ __ ] time to do it okay because
the IRS does not have the manpower to go
after that money there's like tens of
billions of dollars out there right now
that they know is out there that they
can't get because they just don't have
the people to do it so there you go boys
no I got you look first off it bomb
involved first thing you're right you're
the boring tax pounding you saw was some
guy who's I assume like not presentation
savvy he's just like you know accountant
savvy so he had the information but he
did not have presented in an informative
entertaining way that's not me obviously
you know so if once I'm involved in the
party here I'm gonna take the proposed
like I guess presentation that maybe
perhaps Maya you know my CPA FA are
gonna have and be like all right
Norman's are gonna want to know what
this isn't this these other six points
here while technically informative are
boring as [ __ ] and I would leave that
her if the key if a QA they want to know
more about that focus on the get them
hooked give them the informative
entertaining hook first and then if they
want to know about more technical [ __ ]
we can go from there on the QA QA
portion all right sounds so guys [ __ ]
alright also I will give props props to
do actually this year rich which con
actually changed how it works
whereas before like you're bringing up
here twitchcon panels were kind of the
wild wild west some were very fun some
were boring as [ __ ] now there are
appointed moderators that are supposed
to be the QA the quality assures that
things are always that a consistent
standard of like not being terrible so
every every single panel now has a
dedicated moderated that we ought to
report into and you know we're
continually emailed them back forth
before twitchcon itself and we have to
like submit to them are our PowerPoint
slides what our structure is and how
much how much time we're adding to the
presentation versus Q&A for having any
Q&A at all so at the moderators kind of
keeping you and check on on essentially
it not being boring as [ __ ] and the
moderator will be there as a hosts to
intro everyone and kind of keep things
at a swift pace there's no like there's
no cuz often very times you have here is
people will like do their presentation
and then it will run way too long
there's no QA portion there out of time
there's zero interactivity and then they
got it wrap it up early and it's commish
good show so yeah we're um we are
actually or I say we they the first cons
making it like way better down the whole
front so okay alright should be good
let's hop into the Democratic debates
alright let's let's do it man well first
thing did you watch did you watch the
debates last last Thursday yeah I did
but they were pretty boring
Bernie sounded sick the whole time I
don't know which was kind of sad
Warren was good I mean Warren has been
like steadily climbing her answers have
always been good she's I mean like since
she's entered the race she went from
being a like a kind of a cute whatever
name to like a serious like contender
now she's like climbing like I think
that Biden has to be eyeing Warren's
campaign like these are the two
frontrunners like the two pretty clear
frontrunners that you have that are
gonna be competing in
the upcoming I don't know how far away
are we from Iowa Iowa caucus dates 2019
oh it's not till 2020 February damn so
we're so far away from the Iowa caucus I
was gonna say actually the the the
primary debates will continue once per
month until until February so there's
still October to member December and
January to occur is um are they are they
do you know if they have like more
qualifications for the upcoming debates
like they're gonna be cutting people
because 10 is too many we need to get
some of these people out of here got a
channel 5 doing that they have not
revealed that yet I think we should know
that by October I would assume they
would just go up to like 4 percent
minimum polling they'll just double it
mm-hmm I would say you know have a
higher donation threshold plus higher
polling requirement but I could be wrong
I'm really hoping though that they they
do narrow down further I think 10 is
still even though they had 10 with a had
all 10 on stage and they gave it an
additional hour I'm not sure that
additional hour is as effective as
having like a two-hour time and thinning
and weeding out more of the candidates
here honestly the III really do feel
like Biden could [ __ ] up enough like if
but like if every time Biden opens his
mouth he seems to be he seems to be
having a lot of gaffes recently oh yeah
he did it to me did I to me he was
actually one of the biggest losers in
this debate yet again he had the most to
lose here any his performance was like
and I was right he's always got a lot to
lose obviously being the front-runner
but um yeah he keeps making like dumb
slip-ups and everything and yeah if
Warren keeps gaining that would be
something that I'd be really worried
about if I was a Biden but I don't know
if that's he has a lot to throw he the
problems just has a tremendous lead he
has so much to throw yeah we'll see what
happens I guess yeah so I have absent
notes here you know it's me by that had
an abysmal performance I wish I
remembered more of what he did wrong but
there's obviously you know the viral
record player line that comes to it
comes to oh you don't like turn up your
record player every day before you go to
sleep oh my god I did you oh man well
more than even the fact that he he had
he specified a record player
was the fact that maybe he felt so
uncomfortable and resorted to that like
I supposed to like having Nepal
rhetoric to the tier-2 at that time
mm-hmm
the stuttering the voluntary
relinquished of like addressing his
counterpoint like when they said was out
of time he just would kind of stop his
delivery is poor and a lot of like not
necessarily what he said specifically
but how he delivers the line is poor
uh-huh which I'll also say it's fair
because Bernie also have like a really
rapid voice yeah thanks my name is
second his campaign staff had him like
campaigning and didn't give him enough
of a break prior to that debate to like
recover his voice I'm you know I'm most
proud you are gonna probably do a lot of
shouting I mean with microphones you
have to project pretty strongly and if
you're not used to that yeah you can you
can stream your vocal cords pretty
easily I would say huh the raspy voice
even though it's like a you know what's
the word here a surface level
observation it was really really
problematic listen to you're just like
akka focus on was like gets me a cup of
water but obviously it was already shot
so it's kind of a fortunate all the
points I have here for you though is
that a yeah kamal and booker still to me
did a horrible job there was just a lot
of word salad appeal to emotion and just
very very little policy he also a motion
isn't bad when you're when you're doing
this type of rhetoric on stage i think
the issue is just that it doesn't seem
like anybody in this bottom crowd is
really gonna be able to break out you
know Kamala Harris had her huge breakout
a couple months ago and nothing really
happened she lost everything Pete always
sounds good and ISM supporters seem
enthusiastic and he does good
fundraising but he also just can't
really seem to climb that much you know
he went up a couple points in the polls
yang is just kind of hanging down there
as the meme candidate you know he
climbed finally past I think three
points for the first time I think in his
campaign ever mean Kennedy said yang
Andrew yang the guy the freer democracy
is a 7% now actually oh maybe I was one
that might be like a super biased one
though yeah mojo yeah but um yeah I
don't know I um
yeah Klobuchar is still I don't know
what she's selling
Beto is is hanging on like yeah there's
a lot of like there's just a lot of like
whatever's that needs to just kind of
drop like yeah okay I got for you Sony
was telling me it was a yang got 7% in
California but it's four percent
national alright so that's a huge that's
huge stop to kamal actually because
that's kamal as a backyard right there
yeah but i agree with you on buddha
judge buddha judge honest you know you
know actually the most frustrating um
segment of the DIMM debates from last
thursday to me was actually when they're
talking about a medicare man it was like
oh my god I couldn't stand Biden's right
wing talking points about a and how are
we gonna pay for it how are we gonna pay
for ever gonna pay for it I mean it's a
good question I mean you're talking
about a massive expansion of a
government program you're talking about
maybe millions of layoffs in the health
care industry is what's gonna happen
you're talking about the borrowing a
private insurance you talk about the
restructuring of insurance of every
single union contract and of every
single employee across the United States
like that's a pretty beefy program that
you're talking about now Medicare for
all is gonna shake up a lot with the way
that Bernie wants to do it like and I
couldn't be I couldn't be more excited
for it actually I mean you might be
excited but like all the people that are
about to lose their insurance and there
and all the people are gonna lose their
jobs and the fact that we still have to
fight over the funding for it is para
these are like these are pretty big
tasks sure I mean it net saves over the
course of I don't forgive this whole
thing it's a it net saves over the
course of ten years so theoretically if
Bernie's numbers play out correctly um
but there's a lot to call into question
here Bernie so Bernie and Warren play
this game where they they want to put
taxes on certain types of things so
Warren proposes a wealth tax Bernie
proposes a financial transaction tax and
people try to try to estimate how much
money they think the race would these
taxes based on how the market is doing
right now
but the problem is anytime you implement
a tax like this like these types that
you tax behaviors you want less of these
behaviors significantly decrease so for
instance we try to find our not we but a
financial transaction tax was tried for
instance in Sweden on derivative markets
and like almost all of those markets
moved to the London Stock Exchange
they lost that market almost completely
and they raised like a percentage a
fraction of a fraction
a revenue that they thought they would
by implementing that tax and then
Warren's wealth tax basically taxing
people over I think it's 50 million
dollars of wealth the big problem we run
into here is me and that is really hard
to enforce because as soon as you start
tying attacks to people's reported
wealth people start underreporting the
[ __ ] out of everything and the IRS is
already insanely underfunded and it's
really hard to go after like to valuate
like the entire net assets a person owns
that requires so much manpower in every
single person like people are going to
underreport the [ __ ] out of their assets
when you start doing wealth taxes so
it's really it's highly unlikely they do
their Bernie or Warren are going to be
able to fund the types of programs that
they want to do which means you're gonna
have to fight over funding for these in
Congress later on on that you're not
running those things right there I my
gut reaction was in the fact that it was
so easy to get the military budget
increase done last year right for the
for the 50 billion plus dollars just
increase that that happened it pretty
easily so in that regard whenever I feel
like the framing is compared to that
even if even if the 2% wealth tax and or
financial transaction tax both fall
through I understand both those are
under giant variables of behaviors I
feel like if the if the education factor
of letting the public know like well
here's what was already done you don't
see really a direct benefit to it at all
as an average American citizen I feel
like then it might be a little more a
little more of a public public opinion
swing towards I'm just having more of
the federal budget spin on that kind of
thing yeah I mean like we have like we
have like the military budget which is
like a lot of money but the problem is
that like a lot of this money is like
just going towards firstly we're talking
about spending money not raising money
the military is kind of saying isn't
non-negotiable because a lot of the
money that's spent on the military is
there literally for like paying for
military personnel and for paying for
the ongoing like operations and
maintenance of our like Armed Forces so
like nobody wants to defund the military
in that way like Democrats or
Republicans aren't gonna say like oh the
people in the military right now we need
to cut their pensions or we need to cut
their pay like that's never gonna happen
I'm so so like it's it's a lot different
like saying like because we fund the
military we should be able to fund like
any other number of like hugely
expensive programs I I just don't know
it doesn't seem like it's going to carry
over in that way and I guess I would
have to compare the numbers our military
budget is around I think it's like six
six hundred and fifty billion dollars I
think that the expansion for this
Medicare for all I want to say gets into
the trillions of dollars I think how
much Medicare for our quality able to
now being seven hundred and seventy
billion actually oh maybe maybe maybe
it's gotten higher but like I'm pretty
sure that Medicare for all expansion is
talking like you know like like
trillions of dollars like it is a
massively [ __ ] huge expenditure that
is coming from nowhere that we don't
have the taxes for it right now we would
have to allocate entirely new funds
towards it and then this is doesn't
mention the fact that like how many
millions of jobs right now exist in
private health care that could
potentially be threatened moving over to
this type of thing to so there'd be like
a massive layoffs here for industries
that aren't going to be replaced because
if you get rid of private insurance not
that I don't think that that's
necessarily bad it's just this is a lot
of battles to fight at once and you're
gonna be expanding I don't know if any
individual in the United States or any
political party or any political
movement is going to have the political
capital to get this done because you're
gonna shake a lot of [ __ ] up doing it
and I don't know I lean in favor of a
public option it feels so much easier
and it feels like the path towards
success that that reformatting and
rebuilding on the ACA just seems so much
easier politically than then trying to
make what is literally like the most
extreme health care system in the world
I think that's the I rooted in
compromise I just can't get over that
like it's it's such a shitty thing as
long as you continue to have the private
sector existing at all there are gonna
continue to use some kind of like
parasitic lobbying effort that just
continue to neuter and dilute what would
be any health care system that's
comparable to any other modern country
that is doing it way better for cheaper
and providing better care all around I
mean other countries have private health
care there are other countries that use
multi-player systems even countries that
completely do like single-payer still
have private hospitals like it's not
like the just the existence of the
private sector is going to like destroy
like all public sector things I think
that's I don't think that's entirely
true okay
okay well let me like in that somebody
can correct me I believe the NHS is
single-payer but they still have private
hospitals for instance so even though
the even though the United Kingdom
government has like one medical
insurance provider throughout the entire
country they still have hospitals that
are privately ran and it's not like
they're yeah I don't know I just I've
seen so much negative negativity and
negative behaviors and negative
tendencies from the private sector back
actually was happy that Warren call that
out on stage on on Thursday where she
was like where is this myth about people
was the thing I really disagree with you
on actually the idea that there are
there are individuals in America who
like their private sector insurance
their employer mandated insurance or
you're kinda like a puppet on a string
and you're at the mercy of whatever your
employee provide your employer provides
you with we have the mercy of whatever
network their private care provides and
comparatively under uh under
single-payer health care you could just
kind of keep your doctor and go with
whatever you want to do and go wherever
you want to go um I mean people are
happy with their insurance right now
like I mean now a lot of people say like
I looked at like all of the polling data
on this and like it pretty
overwhelmingly like people who have
insurance are happy with it and they're
happy with a health care now a lot of
people try to say like oh well that's
just because people like their doctors
so they can flight that in their heads
or whatever I've seen some polling data
that suggests that if you're guaranteed
to keep your doctor a much higher
percentage of people are in favor of
like an eradication of private insurance
which might point towards that but um
politically that's gonna be a really
hard sell when there were people that
lost their doctors under the Affordable
Care Act like that did happen like there
were and I'm not saying overall I think
the ACA was wasn't really good it
definitely could have gone way farther
but like there were people that lost
their doctors and lost access to certain
hospitals under the ACA so it's gonna be
hard to say that even more extreme plan
won't have that same thing happen okay
alright um ELISA Woolsey it what's the
other one here not that I want to back
off on that one's like where would I or
would I go with that now if anybody
disagrees with me try X if you ever want
to throw my way okay cuz progressives
and Bernie bro say some real dumb [ __ ]
about health care I at the polling data
I got the numbers we can talk about it
I'm massively in favor of my I lean
towards a multi payer system a
single-payer system might be the
most effective like in a vacuum but the
political capital man its millions of
jobs are gonna be lost and in private
health insurance millions of jobs right
and look at how many job loss has
affected the the Rust Belt and got Trump
elected in the last election right
imagine imagine all those
disenfranchised Americans that lost
their manufacturing jobs that voted in
Trump now imagine how easy it's gonna be
for Republicans coming back in 2024 when
you've laid off you know 15 percent of
the US economy that works in health care
and now it's time for them to vote again
are they're gonna be voting for
Democrats or you're gonna get a huge red
wave coming back into the government
like I don't know I just it's a really
hard sell I think politically like damn
but okay okay so there's like I hate
that I'm not even like oh that's right
with it now I guess we have to be under
the agreement that like it doesn't sound
like that you particularly demonize
private sector insurance of course not
right which is kind of where I guess
that were we're different on that
why don't you man eyes it does the
behavior I've seen is usually because
the whole idea of a profit motive behind
health care to me is immoral like if you
were in the if you're in the if you're
in the insurance industry relative to
health care it is in your agenda to
decline as much coverage as possible
which I feel it is like ultimately it's
that conflict you know providing care
and ultimately profiting off of the
suffering of those requiring care is a
conflict of interest there yeah but this
is true of literally every single market
so if you're a health care provider your
goal is to get the most your goal is to
get the most amount of money from the
people paying into you and provide the
least amount of coverage that's your
goal right if you're a consumer you're
going when you're shopping is to get the
most amount of coverage for the least
amount of money right and the goal is to
have a market that is is competitive
enough such that eventually we settle
into some equilibrium where people are
able in the halfway point yeah now
understand this didn't happen to some
extent so the ACA moved in and largely
got rid of a lot of these really
predatory practices so for instance
after the ACA there was like a baseline
establish of health coverage we're like
if somebody has cancer and they're
covered by insurance you can't just drop
them like what used to happen prior to
the ACA cuz that was [ __ ] or for
instance you can't just say nope you
can't join me because of pre-existing
conditions anymore that was another huge
provision of the ACA that was pretty
successful as well so like yeah there
are definitely bad behaviors here but
but like you expect the private sector
to make money
always
that's what the private sector does
whether you're selling homes food or
health insurance you want them to try to
make money and then you want consumers
to try to save money right yeah this is
like a perpetual struggle that you want
people to be locked in so that we get
some kind of good product at a good
price delivered to markets I don't think
anything inherently immoral about that
but right so so the thing is I
understand I wasn't that wasn't actually
my core point of the argument here I was
more that I feel it's immoral which
means I private problem with the private
sector which ultimately have a problem
with some kind of capitalistic system
involved with healthcare was more of a
case of principle difference there
well yeah but your principles here are
[ __ ] I think like I so like like my
principle at the end of the day my what
is well here like here's my question
what's the most important thing to you
regarding like principles in health care
health care is not ie to repeat like
Bernie rhetoric here but I should be
health care should be a human right is
that things you looking for right there
on it can be I don't care so like this
is good yeah so like this is [ __ ] that I
don't care about so like when people say
like health care should be human right
or health care shouldn't be privatized
or any that [ __ ]
I don't think anything [ __ ] matters
my thing at the end of the day is I
think as many people should have access
to quality 40 health care quality
affordable health care is possible I
don't care about whether it's right or
not or whether it's social or private or
whatever the goal at the end of the day
is to make sure as many people have
health care as possible now if the best
way to that path is to have the
government do it then let the government
do it if the best way to that path or if
the best pathway to that goal is to have
like people making money off of it then
let people make money off of it like at
the end of the day I don't care how it
happens it just needs to happen you need
to get like as many people in the United
States a quality affordable health care
as possible if it's done through a
private market I don't think there's
anything wrong with that if it's done to
the government then that's fine as well
but just like axing off like a whole
potential line of solutions because it's
immoral or whatever even if it could
give you better outcomes I think is a
really scary prospect I think it puts
you in a bad in a bad place we're going
with the best path forward as am i okay
so then just to recap here you're saying
that uh having having the private having
the private sector and having an
expansion of ACA
would would get more people covered than
single-payer health care um well no by
definition single-payer with no
single-payer well saying that the path
to single-payer is too difficult in
political execution to be achieved
yeah
they're by definition would cover every
single citizen so nothing covers more
than single-payer does but politically I
think single-payer is impossible I don't
think it'll ever happen so then you have
to look at what's the most realistic
outcome and I think rebuild like
building on the ACA which the majority
of Americans are already in favor of is
pretendin providing a strong public
option which could be a path toward
single-payer seems to be the most
politically expedient way to go I think
mmm
I'm just I'm not a fan of the route and
compromise I know we kind of had this
before if the Pelosi uh thing we talked
about a couple weeks back here but I
don't I don't I don't like it I feel
about let's get further gutted even more
like have we not always seen Republicans
gut ACA further and further over it from
its inception to where we are now with
the with the removal of statement uh
yeah the Republicans cut the maybe sure
yeah yeah but I mean that's I mean that
that should have happened like I mean
the American people voted on that so I
mean that's the will of the American
people like I always get into this weird
world where progressives say like we
should do something that could never be
changed just like well no that's not the
system we live under we live under a
system where like the gutting of the ACA
was a good thing the American people
wanted that the Republicans largely ran
on repeal and replace Obama care and the
American people vote on it so you you
would expect to see the mandate get um
taken out at that point like that like
that's expected
so like any health care system that we
implement if the American people decide
they don't like it in the future we
would also expect them to change it in
the future right now my understanding
would be that if a public option went
through now hopefully Americans would
like that like conservatives in other
parts of the world
don't [ __ ] with their health care like
in a way that they wanted to strike
completely even the Tories in the in the
in the United Kingdom aren't trying to
completely defund the NHS right now they
might quibble over budgets or whatever
but nobody wants to see their health
care go away and I would hope that
Americans would feel the same that when
a strong public option is presented like
people don't vote against Medicare old
people don't people don't vote against
cutting Social Security old people don't
right so like I would hope that with a
strong public option like this wouldn't
happen either you know when did we vote
to repeal the ACA the Republican
elections was largely a referendum on on
health care in the United States a lot
of Republicans ran on that repeal and
replaced the ACA and the American people
voted on it
100% but okay so I got did yeah
absolutely
like what it was like one of the central
Republican calling cards for like
literally like 10 years yeah or not 10
years but yeah okay who okay we see
where was I going with now I'm sorry I
kind of lost track of where I was I'm
you're saying that like like you never
the idea of putting in something that's
impossible to change should never happen
in a democracy that's never your goal
your goal is to put in programs that
benefit so many American citizens that
they don't want to change it and I think
that like a public option will get us
there hopefully I don't think
single-payer is realistic politically
but yeah mm-hmm what would I guess okay
what would what would change that for
you am I in your opinion or is there
like nothing right now there's like
nothing on this in this current
landscape between now and 2020 for if
hypothetically if like Bernie had first
run to figure it out there's nothing to
you that would change that that would
change what the the the graph in the
destiny take on the grounded realistic
ability to actually execute single-payer
health care within it within the first
term um okay I don't wanna pull out like
the I don't want to pull out like the
privilege card but like at the honestly
at the end of the day for me none of
this matters because I'm wealthy and it
doesn't nothing affects me but like in
terms of like dealing with real issues
on the ground I think you have to be
pragmatic I think the only people that
can afford to be idealistic are people
that are lucky enough that at the end of
the day these situations don't affect
them
so like when people say like if Biden
gets the nomination they go live in the
woods or whatever these are people who
are so rich that they're insulated from
the problems that society actually
presents them that poor people on the
ground right now
that need health care or health coverage
right now these are people who mean any
option that you can give them and
telling them like hey dude suffer you
know let your children [ __ ] die like
it's all good just wait like in ten
years we'll be able to get what we
really want when people see how bad it
is
I don't think that's an acceptable
answer for the average poor person today
that needs help I think that pragmatic
solutions are really important because
those are the things that helps people
now that's that's my opinion that's how
I view it do you feel people share your
opinion though honestly I feel like yes
I feel like this this idea that so the
idea that
so bang here huh so you think that
Biden's execution of the expansion of
ACA is the most frag Matic grounded a
popular absolutely yeah for sure
really okay for sure yeah maybe I'm in
that maybe that progressive bubble
little too hard then yeah I mean I mean
take a look at the polling data like I
said like it's it's really [ __ ] it's
mine [ __ ] but like first is like if
you look at like because it cuz if you
because if you look at if you if you
live like in kind of like the
progressive bubble like Bernie Sanders
is like literally like on his way to the
nomination and like his chances of
winning it right now are like
approaching 0% like he came in at like I
think 25% when the whole cycle started
and he's only lost ground over the past
several months after having an entire
election sees it himself he hasn't been
able to gain any ground whatsoever and
now even Warren has come out of nowhere
and is like a serious contender to Biden
it's coming up like like like I don't
even know if you would even consider it
like a three candidate race at this
point like Bernie is completely
stagnated at his like level of support
and it hasn't gotten any better and like
the biggest coalition that he shares is
with literally with Biden so I mean it's
like when all these other people drop
out when qumola supporters drop out
they're probably going to Warren when
Pete Buddha judges supporters drop out
they're probably going to word like the
idea that all these people in America
are ready for this big socialist
revolution huge single-payer
nationalization expropriation for
everything rent control all over the
cards like it's I just don't think it's
borne out very well with the average
American person maybe with like people
debating on Twitter it is but I don't
think the average American citizen even
the average Democrat is ready for
changes this extreme yet hmm okay well
I'm not I'm not gonna concede on that on
on that just yet I do think momentum can
get a lot stronger once we weed out all
the lot more candidates on the political
stage I feel I feel pretty confident
that Bernie can make it to at minimum
top four on the primary so sometime
between now and I would say debatably do
December and January a primary debate
yeah course you have let's bounce like
an error field and you were able to get
like a more long long we're here long
response forum of like of policy new
said music music oh no coffee no the
long stuff is going to greatly benefit
Warren unfortunately for the Bernie bros
it sounds unfortunate because I've been
fighting with so much so it sounds like
I'm like really motivated to like hate
on Bernie
but like here's the problem the problem
is that Bernie already had a whole
election cycle to win over his audience
people already know what he's about
they've already heard his long-form
answers this guy's been campaigning for
four years for the presidency he wrote a
book everybody's heard him speak and
give his takes on issues over the past
four years it's not like a long-form
forum it's finally going to show people
who bernie is but for Warren now
Warren's been like kind of in and out of
the spotlight over the past half decade
but now that she's running is a serious
candidate and it seems like every time
Warren opens her mouth and is able to
talk more and more more people start to
like her I think that that long-form
format is going to greatly benefit
people that were previously not given as
much coverage like Warren over somebody
like Bernie that's already had an entire
election cycle and the better part of
the last half decade to show the
American people who he is it's not only
people don't know who bernie is and it's
not like people don't know what he's
about like people who already heard his
takes on everything and he hasn't really
changed much
you know since he's come in I think
mm-hmm
well I know if I would say that like
it's a house they think see that one
maybe that one there um so one I will
agree okay Warren has got a lot more a
lot of momentum lately especially with
her endorsement of the was it the
working class thing that you got
recently what about one she got an
endorsement from some some pro Union
thing I forgot what it was
oh the working families of America thing
yeah and all the brainy boys are out on
Twitter going [ __ ] crazy about it
yeah I saw that
well my question there okay I don't want
to derail further in the whole thing I
understand that as like the the reason
people so up says because like Bernie's
been more Pro Union then then then
Warren has shown the backbone to like
put up with some things on huh like like
Bernie I think my belief was immediately
working on with the with the protesters
from the GM strike and I believe Warren
was kind of like hush on that
comparatively not to meant to make it
hannah go here I'm springing up like one
of what could be many examples here but
[ __ ] I was gonna say about this now the
yeah her polling has gone up
tremendously but I'm not sure if they
are under the same base though like I
can't tell much as actually is like you
can say that like Bernie has
conceptually peaked on like having his
like policies be transparent and
everything you may have known from 2060
now being the same thing same thing
people are picking up and adopting his
policies and then you know things like
medicare-for-all no longer revolutionary
or too radical you've seen other people
on stage particularly even recently as
last Thursday I made up well that people
just endorsed really like think has the
greatest chance of winning and getting
policies that they like and acted like
even if Bernie might be more Pro Union
it couldn't I haven't read their
statement on why they supported I watch
like a minute of the video but it was
like generic [ __ ] but it could just
be that they thing of it Warren has a
greater chance of both winning and
getting policies that they support
implemented rather than Bernie's which
are a lot more extreme hmm I just I
don't know whatever whatever you make it
whenever you go for the pragmatic
argument all I can just think of is the
fact that like if we go back here on on
other things whether it be civil rights
from 1963 to or like other other major
changes that were like better for
society or even like FDR with oath with
New Deal do like if we gave these
pragmatic argument scenarios same kind
of things they're or they're like too
radical to change well like I'm pretty
sure like even for instance like the FDR
New Deal stuff like when that first
coalition started and in like the early
30s I think when they were talking about
all the different reforms that they had
they were proposing a lot more extreme
reforms there before we finally settled
on what the New Deal ended up being so I
mean like I think pragmatism has always
been like a part but pragmatism is kind
of like baked into the American
political system just by a virtue of how
it goes like a lot of countries don't
have like a bicameral legislature for
instance so ours is divided in half we
have the house and the Senate which
inherently makes it harder to get
legislation pushed through you know
we've got like all sorts of checks and
balances a lot of other countries don't
have their executive actually voted on
by the people so for instance in places
like in places like the United Kingdom
again you actually have the parties
themselves elect who becomes like the
president / prime minister we actually
do a vote on ours like our system has
baked into it a lot of roadblocks and a
lot of stoppage to make it so that like
pragmatism is actually like somewhat
important it's really hard to get like
an extremist thing just railroaded
through a government I don't think like
at any point in history
you shoot for
the moon rather than it was a moon
starts over giving some innate in them
in the metaphor here is no any of it if
a messy land amongst the stars now yeah
yeah like whenever we compromise in the
very jump rather than like I understand
certainly that that pragmatism will come
whenever there's opposition for the
policy you're submitting uh-huh like
I'll get dumbed down from Medicare for
all to like I don't know version X that
has like a lot less [ __ ] that that the
the socialist version was not half
comparatively or whatever huh well I
also were like I also think that like I
think that like it's a little bit
different so like if we if we look at
like so it's all like the obvious
counter quote to kind of what I'm
talking about this gradualism in
politics would be to point to that
letter that Martin Luther King wrote I
think when he was in the Birmingham jail
about the dangers of the white moderate
are you familiar with this quote yeah
the biggest prime is a person who remain
silent kinda basically as Chloe yeah
basically it's like any man that puts a
timetable on another man's freedom you
know is kind of like the enemy that like
the white man that tells the black man
to be like hey just chill a little bit
don't be like so extreme you know the
difference between things when you talk
about like civil rights the nice thing
about like civil rights is that that's
pretty binary I can either see black
people as human or black people as not
human that's a pretty like easy yes or
no like there aren't very many like
gradual positions that we can take
between those two things
but if we want to talk about something
like health care well this is something
that actually has like a lot of
granularities to it or if we want to
talk about like brexit this is something
that actually has like a lot of
granularities to it right where it
actually is harder it's like when it
comes to civil rights like morally I
think weak most of us can agree on
there's a pretty clear like right and
wrong and that's it but when it talks
about like complicated like economic
social policies it's not as easy as to
say we need to go extreme in this
direction when there are actually a lot
of valid answers on the way there
single-payer is an effective system
single-payer or multi-payer is an
effective system you know public options
are effective ways to do it now for
civil rights
having black people counted as
three-fifths a person not really
acceptable for fits a part still not
acceptable right you know
redlining lynching not really except all
right there aren't very many like stops
on the way between like our black people
considered justice watching him and his
white people
right you have like that is like
anything what you should be extreme like
that's an all or nothing you know gay
rights that's an all or nothing trans
rights that's kind of an all I nothing
against a little more complicated the
medical stuff but yeah but like when
think for things like policies like
health cares I'm sorry I only bring this
up as an example cuz I don't agree with
the analogy that like pushing for
single-payer health care is the same as
pushing for civil rights civil rights
should be a pretty bite unless you're
like Nick Fuentes like a white national
it should be like a pretty black and
white binary issue health care has a lot
of stops in the middle word where these
are like acceptable compromises okay hmm
okay I'm sorry III I'm it here I don't
have the verbal Julie like you to them
yes that's fine I talk about this I'm
fine
III digested your point here about that
that you only quate progressive
movements with with civil stuff I
understand that just that I wish I was
better at being able to worded here I
still don't really agree with that
because I I fear a system of status quo
so I understand that your priority is to
have time is of the essence where there
are people who are dying every single
day because they're they're they're not
able to get what's the word here um
they die from untreated accessible
medical care that they can't get in the
recommend system right now we need to
like we do something now wrapping him
later on understand that uh-huh well the
fear would be the fact that like you
know we get something done and then we
get like you know you're pragmatic tear
stuff done where we have a expansion of
ACA we don't we don't we don't when we
go for Medicare for all at a later time
eventually um and then there's like it's
kind of just like status quo well you
well well dim slash left you got what
you wanted shut up for a second we're
like you know we it's out of control and
I worried that we never actually get to
that point well like this is what you're
talking about is like it's not just like
an insulated world where congressmen
like fight against each other and give
and take a little bit like at the end of
the day the engine that powers Congress
are the voters so if we put in like a
public option and it becomes
overwhelmingly popular and people like
it it's not like Republicans can
negotiate against that I like oh well if
you don't start we're gonna get rid of
your public option [ __ ] no that [ __ ]
won't happen because voters will revolt
those Republicans will lose their seats
and they know it contested districts
will flow Republican especially today
when you have states like Texas that are
on the cusp
of maybe going blue right and this is
scary as [ __ ]
for Republicans right so like and and
and these health care issues these
health care issues poll in a pretty
one-sided manner most people are not
happy you know with wit the way that
things have gone in the past like that
fight to defund the ACA like even though
Republicans ran on it it was kind of
like Briggs at when it actually came
time to do something they barely skimmed
by on gutting the ACA on rolling back
that mandate you know even though
Republicans had campaigned on and even
won elections on it you know at the end
of the day people still 100 sided on you
know how things should play out it's
like I would hope that like if they
public option got put forth and
Americans were happy on it it would
become a future non-negotiable you
wouldn't see like people try to attack
it Republicans couldn't use it as
political capital or leverage rather
because people would like it and it
wouldn't go anywhere I would think
mmm-hmm yeah hmm okay let me see wills
the other thing your head with that
whole thing there I'm sorry guys it's
gonna be a second okay so [ __ ] I'm sorry
I'm I'm I'm kind of I'm kind of I'm kind
of crashing a little bit I'm trying to
like nothing all that yeah it's like a
giant blender of [ __ ] for you right
now another thing that people this is
and I'll admit I have a total I had a
total blind spot for this as well
because I hadn't like paid attention to
electoral politics until like the past
couple months a lot of problems that
people have to is people like to look at
like people like to look at polling data
and like to look at like politics is
unlike a national level where they'll
say like oh well [ __ ] somebody in your
chest at this I don't see it oh yeah
Congress goes against voters all the
time what is this logic voters in the
United States are not a large block of
people that vote on a singular thing say
for the President of the United States
whenever it feels like Congress isn't
representing the will of the people or
something weird is happening there what
you have to look at as well hold on
who's actually like voting on what
because when you start to break it down
district by district well now things
start to make a lot more sense right so
for instance when like a lot of people
in chat right now are probably wonder
like I don't understand why we haven't
tried to impeach Trump yet right like so
many people are pushing forward somebody
want it why does Pelosi say we shouldn't
try to impeach Trump doesn't make sense
it's like well if you're in a safe
district where you're guaranteed to win
your election
and yeah you want to impeach Trump but
if you're a Democrat and you live in a
district that went plus 20 points for
Trump in the election cycle supporting
impeachment or Trump there is a lot more
scary because when your seat comes up
for reelection and if you're in the
House of Representatives that's every
election cycle it's gonna be pretty
scary to have said hey I voted to
impeach the guy that most of you guys
voted on right it's a lot harder to take
that line now so when you look at
Congress
oh well most Americans support
impeaching Trump why aren't they doing
it well that's probably because if you
look at the particular districts they're
in they don't want to risk losing those
seats and people don't just go like if
you're if you're a representative or
senator from some state you don't go by
what the national polls say for what
policy should vote on you look at what
your voters want you to vote on right
because you represent the constituents
from where you're from not the American
people broadly yeah you made a point
earlier about Congress I thought was a
little bit which I remembered exactly
what you said here Congress communes
need to vote free with the American
people they're right usually vote in the
interest of uh what is it here right
look at this net between like how
Congress perform what Congress votes on
versus like what the American people
generally want is that is that fair to
say
um wait what do you mean like when uh
when Congress votes on things generally
is it is not done and look at a
representative of like the the public
domain manner directly or I might be
wearing a con badly here I'm not sure I
guess I'd have to know like the
particular issue and I guess we could
look at like the votes in the polling
data but yeah I'm not 100% sure right
now it's not a strong point I swear I
recall here the it might be wrong now
remember that uh the dislike vibrant
statistic here that like Congress at one
point have a good nine percent approval
amongst amongst the public and there's
usually cuz they were like voting in in
the disinterest of their uh of the
representatives yeah so like this is I'm
familiar with the stat I don't remember
what it is but it kind of supports what
I'm saying I want to say that like I
think like the broad support for
Congress is that like is historically
though I think it's like into the single
digits but I think most people have a
positive opinion of their particular car
this person so like it's basically going
along with like yeah you know Congress
doesn't vote with the American people
Congress people vote in accordance with
what will get them reelected which is
ideally what their constituents would
want
I wish I could find this exact number
but okay well just so I don't I don't
like die and some kind of like flat a
grenade zoom flash of like a baton Asst
I'll just stay here again
sure yeah sure so private insurance I
don't think I don't think it's a it
could perform under under a moral sense
as at this time I would love to be able
to like better to find my argument and
make it not so much
well obviously ultimately I am doing the
appeal to emotion by by saying that it's
not moral in my opinion so I have like a
kind of like a more of a passive sense
on on what happens to those in the
private sector who are employed
currently for those time insurance
companies when I'm curious do you think
it's moral to sell like food
well actually oh this might get into a
bigger thing about about the entirety of
capitalism I'm not sure if I'm even like
really that down with the idea that we
can like try to achieve infinite growth
under a capitalistic system when we have
finite resources that are being used for
those economic models right now well
sure that's a kind of a separate thing
but like I mean that could that could
apply under any model even like infinite
growth technically depending on how your
system is set up but like um do you
think it's because food is a necessity
I'm just curious like specifically do
you think like grocery stores are
immoral
because they sell food that people need
to survive no give you a quick fire here
no but I I feel like I'm kind of like
what's it like that I'm like I'll take
it well she got yeah I mean yeah I mean
like the obvious questions like what's
the difference feeling like that and
health care hmm I would say that well
one I don't know do one one is about the
health care and I guess one you could
there's like a certain window of like I
guess foods and survivability versus
like suffering with like medical
procedures or especially things that you
were inherited comparatively I mean I
can't bring up the worst of the worst
examples here if you're like born with
like
you know some kind of like you were born
with cancer you got chemo chemotherapy
from the very very jump as a young age
like the and you know the parent is
fronted with like a [ __ ] ton of bills
even if you like I don't know if you
like birth a child then you do it like
isn't isn't birthing a child like
automatically like thirty five thousand
dollars if you have like no kind of
medical coverage whatsoever
um the average cost of child delivery
the US Hospital liveries cost three
thousand five hundred per stay that
seems kind of low I wonder if that could
be higher I'm here I'm just reading a
Guardian article says thirty two
thousand dollars to give birth this
sounds and deliver an average cost
without complications is ten thousand so
I guess anywhere oh wait which can
increase the thirty thousand one factor
in care provided before and after
pregnancy so maybe around thirty
thousand a have a baby sure look at
insurance yeah maybe I can also probably
may be worded better um hmm well like so
like what I think is like the reason why
it's hard to give an answer is is
because like the core value that you're
looking at is whether or not it's a
moral or a mole to provide some service
that somebody needs but the reality is
is I think you're actually closer to my
position than maybe you have kind of
thought about or that you feel and the
reality is the reason why you're okay
with people selling food instead of
selling health care is because most
Americans have access to food now we can
talk about specifically like is it
nutrient dense or is there too much
sugar so like that but for the most part
like Americans aren't starving to death
like that doesn't happen like even
homeless people tend to eat in the
United States enough to survive so it
seems like those markets are functioning
like decently well like people are
getting food in the United States so it
doesn't seem like it's immoral to sell
food now people aren't getting health
care no thank you people aren't getting
health care so it seems like that is
immoral that they're selling okay right
but at the end of the day like I think
the argument is closer to mine where
it's like well the problem isn't whether
or not it's more immoral to sell these
things that are needed it's whether or
not people are actually getting them at
the end of the day I think okay yeah
well we also I think I can I can do a
little better here it's not that the the
private sector it's not that the
existence of the private sector it's
more that the the as long as there's a
profit motive there is going to be an
incentive to withhold care like you can
provide care certainly the president can
like choose to like you know price it
whatever they want and be more
competitive of a public option or
whatever maybe here but the idea that
ultimately it's gonna be in their
bottom-line agenda I'm kind repeating a
point here again but like the long as
you've a profit motive in the whole
thing your agenda is going to be to to
decline as much care as possible and
just [ __ ] everyone over as much as you
want to which I if you want to use a
food analogy you can't I don't something
about isn't really adds me though I feel
there's like there is kind of a
difference there
oh I got the point the point was that um
I guess might be my even just grew from
here to here but like you could refine
medicare-for-all to maybe include job
replacement initiatives for those
dislocated by the abolishment of the
private sector but do you do you think
it's also a bad thing here to wait said
oh my family one of your sticking points
here was that the disruption of the of
the current healthcare economic model by
having those in the private sector if it
gets a boss on the Medicare for all with
no private option those people who are
currently knows private Medicare
insurance industries are gonna be
jobless and it's going to ultimately
affect a lot more things and concerning
like who they vote for and what's the
happened from here going on to the next
election but if those people who are
gonna be affected negatively by losing
their jobs under Medicare false
implementation with no private sector
could you just include like uh like some
kind of like job replacement initiatives
under like how what would you replace
with her chops with oh no couldn't
couldn't make couldn't get swallowed
into I know that with the rapid
expansion of Medicare coverage couldn't
could you just like well no I don't one
of the whole points of the Medicare
coverage is that it wouldn't be as
bloated in bureaucratic as private
insurances you wouldn't replace every
single private insurer with a public
insurance system would be far more
simplified that's one of the greatest
arguments in favor of single-payer
systems is that you wouldn't have the
multitude of different private insurance
covers and everything and it would be a
more simplified streamlined system well
okay I don't have the specifics here for
you right now oh gee I guess afford to
make small recomment kind of like kind
of a little bit neutered here huh but I
would imagine that uh someone smarter
than me man like I don't have a dragon
for this one here uh-huh I would feel
like someone a lot smarter than me who's
a lot more faster with the with the
verbal comebacks here could probably
come up with something here
yeah because I feel like I feel like
this is like you're bringing a Val
pointer this is too big of a point to
have not been addressed by anyone's m4a
policy so I would what seems like too
big of a point all the people going on
and yeah the economic populist pointer
the point that people are under the
private sector are gonna become
unemployed overnight because their their
interests going to be non-existent
quote-unquote I don't know his name you
know what Bernie says about yeah this is
where I am it's cool though like I can I
can take that here in doc tail without
any like any reform um
and come back next we maybe have a
little more talked about here but it's
I'm actually I'm actually somewhat
conceding to your point here that that I
feel strongly morally even if I can't
counter your your moral the king of my
more body at this current time here but
your point seems to valid frets have not
been addressed this at some at some
point in specific well I mean like I
guess like the way that some of these
people say like Bernie says that this
transition would happen over the period
of several years so maybe they think
people would find something different
like yeah I want to say actually that
dumb he does give it a quite a bit of
time some have critiqued him for for for
his implementation of employee not being
under two years but rather under four um
so I think there is I think there is
some I think there is some grand realism
here and how how how you know how many
phases is gonna dull ones whole thing
here uh-huh
but uh yeah I wish I could just phone a
friend right now good board yeah you
know I just have that free there people
are like I'm just like looking at like
random stuff I've seen anywhere from
like 800,000 to 1.5 million jobs lost
assuming we transition over to a
Medicare for All system apparently some
Congress person representative Pramila
Jay Paul said that they could get job
retraining like some vague thing like
that but I haven't heard a serious
proposal for how those jobs will be
replaced I don't know if anybody's heard
Bernie talk about this like where he
says like the jobs would go other than
like some kinda lame okay so do you find
that anyone Falls for green new deals
also not good because of the old
displacing of like
coal and other like fossil fuel related
jobs um kind of but I actually don't
have to take that fight this
for example a OCS like in template
implementation included a template for
job replacement initiatives so the green
new deal wasn't about the environment
the green new deal was about like
pushing through like big reform of like
job related stuff right so like federal
jobs guarantees and stuff but I don't
have to oppose the green New Deal
actually the labor unions do that for me
the afl-cio opposes the green New Deal a
whole bunch of other labor unions fight
against environmental change all the
time
on my personal standpoint I usually
don't talk about environmental issues
because I kind of view it as like a big
Doomsday Clock I think the best thing
you can do is like prepare yourself
financially to deal with like rising
tides and stuff and hope that it's not
like an extinction-level event but
because the reality is is that to combat
climate change a few things have to
happen one consumption almost certainly
needs to decrease which is something
most people aren't willing to do to a
lot of jobs need to just [ __ ] get
axed immediately would you something
both Republicans and Democrats don't
want and then three there has to be like
widespread like coming together of both
sides to come at this issue not both
sides I'm sorry like there has to be a
global community ready to fight these
issues and I don't think it'll happen
like climate change it's just that's
like you're [ __ ] I don't think the
world is ready that's a problem that
came a little bit too early for us and I
don't think there's not a global
community ready to come together to do
this no absolutely not
wait what's like I'm not mother thing is
the average person just doesn't give a
[ __ ] about climate change what's the
average person the average person that
goes to work to feed their kids that
works they're nine to five or two jobs
the single parents the people that are
working in poorer countries that can
barely like feed themselves or barely
put a roof over their families or barely
send their kids to school aren't
thinking like well what is like the new
green initiative today that I can engage
on to help the world become a better
place these people are like generally
just concerned of trying to feed
ourselves phenomena poverty in USA
certainly but you said you said like a
global thing yeah on a global level so
yeah so like on a global level the
people that fight the hardest against
these changes are the people that are
poised to be polluting the most people
like India and China don't want to be
punished under the stringent like
industrial guidelines about
like how much they can pollute because
every other country got to become a
first world country by polluting their
way there right so like these countries
getting serviced yeah this is why I like
people are critical like the Paris
climate Accords when they say hey you
know like it's kind of [ __ ] that
America has to not pollute when all
these other developing countries are
allowed to pollute like crazy it like it
[ __ ] our industry our hardcore which is
kind of true now in a global level it
doesn't really matter pollution is
pollution it doesn't matter who comes
from but on an individual level there's
a lot of like moral hazards a lot of
[ __ ] up incentives going on all over
the world in terms of like how much it
can support you know like these kinds of
things like if you're talking to like
like a poor worker in some other country
and he has to say okay well I accept
that my job is gonna go away and maybe
my family will starve but it's gonna
make the climate of the planet better
people don't care about that [ __ ] mmm it
sucks it's I I think that climate change
is like the most important issue that's
like facing mankind and it's really sad
because when we watch movies like
Independence Day and all the other
movies when you see like aliens come to
earth and like everybody by it bands
together to fix these problems I think
that climate change is a problem that
came too early in human history for us
to like effectively deal with we're just
we're nowhere near unified enough to do
it like we can't even protect
intellectual property from China why do
we think we'd be able to dictate what
their industries should do like the
climate change is gonna be taken
seriously when widespread disaster
starts happening so for instance and not
when like hurricanes get worse or some
flooding happens but like when parts of
the planet start to disappear under the
ocean because of how much climate change
has affected things and then when mass
migrations start to happen from
equatorial regions or coastal regions
when all those people start to move
inwards and it starts to [ __ ] up like
middle class and rich people then people
will take climate change seriously but
until then I don't think like majors I
do grief that I get that on the global
scale things there will not be like some
mass unification for advocacy for
minimizing its impact until there is
tangible damage done that will show you
know a catalyst for change yeah I do
agree when people in like Miami started
losing their 10 million dollar [ __ ]
houses or some [ __ ] or when people that
live inland start to see all these poor
[ __ ] that they hate because everybody
hates poor people especially middle
class and wealthy people I started to
see all of them come in Lund then
they'll be like oh [ __ ] maybe we should
do something with it now it might be too
late at that point
but I mean like that's gonna be when
people start to pay attention to it just
like how nobody gave a [ __ ] about what
happened in the Middle East or Syria
until Syria fell apart and all those
refugees started come out now all of a
sudden is like oh [ __ ] the [ __ ] a Middle
East
[ __ ] a sob like we got a either leave
the United Kingdom like with Bragg's or
now we need to look at like immigrants
and [ __ ] like yeah it would have been
nice to pay attention to it before [ __ ]
hit the fan but that's just how people
work unfortunately right yeah you're not
wrong about that it does constantly do
o'clock there uh-huh
hmm I do feel like I just I just don't
know if I your idea that people just
don't care I find that really hard to
swallow in a lot of ways actually so
like this is something where I would
like I will heavily mmm
omnomnom wait was that pancakes or was
that like ravioli engage oh [ __ ] okay
hmm
this is something where I would like
heavily recommend going out and like
talking to like a working-class person
and I think you would be like really
surprised found out that like a lot of
these people they don't know [ __ ] all
about like anything like these people
like I hear something that I'm very
confident of if you were to pull the
average working American weight real
quick the average working American
nineteen ninety percent of them maybe
more wouldn't know the difference
between like single-payer and public
option like I I guarantee it 90% plus
wouldn't know the difference between
these two things
no I know yeah I like these are these
are like these are issues that people
think that they know because they're
like heavily involved in it like an
online stuff but um no I'm we're not
gonna eat if you keep feeding me [ __ ]
okay go
Sargon I guess how much of it do you
consider like that's what the average
working class here I mean I thought the
average working millennial is aware and
maybe I maybe I could be wrong Meghan
I'm agreeing Anna glimmers a note here
but like versus like the average like
Generation X or older individual who may
not be as Ike savvy or just main what
may consume more corporate news where
it's like you know in a gin that that's
gonna be biased towards fossil fuel
industries that continue to ignore their
propaganda issues where and so like
people keep saying this but it's not
that simple it's not just the lobbyists
and it's not just the propagandists and
the fossil Fitness's do it's the workers
too so for instance here in California
in my great state that I've lived in for
ten months whatever right we're ready to
flip a switch and turn on the cheapest
solar power in the [ __ ] world we've
got like a whole bunch of [ __ ]
batteries bill we can supply
for four hours into the night we can
supply people's homes with solar power
we've got the one of the largest
batteries like two or two three cents
per kilowatt hour for power it's the
cheapest in the world and guess who's
standing in the way the biggest people
are the fossil fuel aber unions that are
working down here they've come out
they're heavily critical the mayor have
really critical of the local government
because they don't want all of their
jobs to go away they're the ones
fighting against at the hardest there we
shut off I think like three fossil fuel
plants recently and people were freaking
the [ __ ] out over they were super pissed
off about it
saying that the new solar plants were
gonna be unreliable that the power
wasn't gonna work like these are any
like so what do they not care about
climate change well no they probably
just it's not like an immediate thing
right this is the problem with this is
the problem with climate change is that
you don't feel its effects immediately
and that's why people aren't capable of
dealing with it like for everybody that
says oh no no destiny really everybody
is able to deal with climate change if
they thought about it if that was the
case there wouldn't be a single fat
person in the entire planet because
people just wouldn't sugar so they
wouldn't get fat but the problem with
getting obese the same way the problem
with climate change is that it's a
behavior that you can engage in that
helps you for in the short term and then
the long term it does damage and
naturally humans just aren't good at
dealing with that kind of stuff if the
effects aren't felt locally whether
that's in space so next to you or in
time like in a very immediate sense then
we then the delayed like punishment is
something that we just don't process
well it's why people get fat as [ __ ]
it's why people don't go to the gym try
people make bad financial decisions
so why people don't care about climate
change like it's just it's like it's
totally natural be human behavior that's
consistent with every other part of our
lives I think so I'm not sure if
California would be a shining example at
having California more personifies like
the eagerness for an initiative that
happened I'm not sure if their execution
of their initiatives is one that is like
worthy of like using as a glowing
example of where things can go well and
right uh-huh um not only that I just
feel have at deflate the average person
welcomed probably not here the average
president hasn't heard about that a the
projection of the whole like the 12 year
deadline then I see me or whatever no I
don't think the average American a
[ __ ] idea about that [ __ ] that's only
if you're like an internet politics like
look at the bubble everyone just like
yeah it's getting harder yeah the
average person doesn't read like CNN
articles or got on Twitter every day or
read like subreddits and [ __ ] like about
like Polling's like the average person
who's browses means on reddit they go to
school they go to work they take care of
their kids
maybe they turn on the TV and
catch a little bit of news but for the
most part the average person is super
super super disconnected from political
things you know I feel that that was a
good thought that was a pretty big deal
in that case I want to critique further
and say that um that yeah like the
reporting from I guess national news
outlets and MSM and etc is just like not
doing a great job if that was not like
hyper big deal news you know I would I
guess I would say that but I mean I
don't think people want to care about
these like Doomer topics at every moment
of their lives like most people just
don't want to think about it like I have
to stop my consumption I can't drive or
fly or like have my own as much because
I have no pay there's some climate
change true whatever that once they came
out that 70 was that a 100 companies
produce 70% of our of our of our bad
emissions right now so it's like it's
more of like a it's more demanding of
like some kind of like over heading
federal mandated change whether it be a
carbon tax or or some initiatives done
so we can wait what's the point of that
wait what's the point of that step oh
that you're bringing up your individual
consumption as a guilt when in actuality
it's 100 companies that are producing
70% of the value mission yeah but are
those 100 companies producing 70% of the
goods and services consumed of this
country because if so you would expect
that right it's not like there's just
like 100 small companies in Arizona that
are making all the pollution these are
probably 100 for the largest companies
in the world that have millions of
workers or tens or hundreds of millions
of workers and consumers like affiliated
with them right or like for instance if
those 100 companies you can change their
methodology of how their how the
producing those goods yeah but when you
start changing the methodology you're
gonna increase the costs and now you run
up into another thing if you increase
the costs of like gas or energy right
who gets hurt the most it's not me cuz I
made a [ __ ] ton of money last year right
you didn't do or don't give a [ __ ] if
gas goes to $10 a gallon United States
that doesn't affect me at all I don't
care at all but to the average guy that
drives to work it right when that when
the price of gasoline jumps up hardcore
those are the people to get hit the
worst when you go to the supermarket to
buy food and the cost of Energy's
increased the the people those like the
the goods that are measured in that
basket that the Consumer Price Index
measures those are the goods that are
hurt the most when you increase the cost
of energy and the cost of energy has to
increase
if we're gonna combat climate change
right because fossil fuels and
everything that are the cheapest to
produce I think is it are the things
that need to go first so I mean like
that so the poor people get hurt the
hardest in this without now
government subsidies which means you
need to start bringing in like more
funding and taxation as well like yeah
it's like it's hard which was it where's
problem with that
where's problem with that I was gonna
say right there there why can't we use
like the government subsidies to like so
just expand that program further and
bridge that maybe they'll be able to
afford more if we didn't have this like
toxic gas system were the middle class
disappearing and the poor remain poor
and they're not they're sitting here you
know making under 30k air for half the
American population yeah I mean I think
it should I don't disagree with that but
the difference is is that I recognize it
that's a hard fight you're talking about
a massive overhaul of a lot of different
type of things here
right well shit's not working now so I'd
say let's try something different
yeah I agree of course right cuz right
now we're on like a one-way path to
destruction most likely or I don't know
if it's like I don't think climate
change is like an extinction-level thing
but it would be a quasi post-apocalyptic
thing it would be really really really
[ __ ] bad but you have to mobilize a
lot to get these issues addressed and it
almost feels like I hate to be in this
and the [ __ ] [ __ ] elon boat or in
the [ __ ] are futurology boat but it
almost feels like we're waiting for like
a magic bullet technology solution or
innovation to innovate our way out of
climate change rather than to do like a
big structural push for it because god
damn it's so [ __ ] hard to get so many
different countries and so many
different players together to punish
ourselves to actually like deal with
climate change in an effective manner
yeah so if I can be totally honest here
the rhetoric you've given me so far I
guess what was called we call like do
more talk yeah I absolutely hated that
you're you're you're in court you're in
game here we're just like we're gonna
inevitably heat up like a giant ball of
[ __ ] until we fly to the Sun and we all
perish and die because nothing can be
done on a unified global national scale
to have things progressed so it's a
better direction huh makes me lose all
faith humanity makes me wonder why the
[ __ ] shaking wake up tomorrow we just go
I just bend over take it and [ __ ] die
I hate that line of thinking that does
not cure my depression does not curb my
anxiety as I make money god I bet any at
any given day yeah so it's not so like
it's not so it's not I don't like Douma
rhetoric either I don't think it's good
but I also don't like the the pointless
dewy-eyed
optimism it doesn't get us anywhere
either so like the Bernie Sanders
supporters that think that the all of
America is ready for a socialist
revolution and tomorrow we're gonna vote
in like
our new comrade Bernie and we're gonna
be like the USSR 2.0 and everything's
gonna be perfect and great like I don't
I think that that's equally worthless
like what I think is necessary is a real
politic a very pragmatic analysis of the
American system of the worldwide system
and to say like hey this is gonna be
really [ __ ] hard if we want to do it
these are the steps we have to take
rather than just assuming with the
revolution is around the corner comrade
like we just need to wait for one or two
more cycles and even though we have no
representation on any state level
government or local level government
anywhere you know tomorrow we're gonna
vote in the next like quasi socialist
figure that's gonna fix everything like
I think that's equally dumb like it's
almost like saying like like I went to
the gym for like two weeks in a row and
I don't have I can't bench like 225 yet
like this is [ __ ] and then someone
else saying like well okay dude hold on
if you want to get to like this level
okay
you have to sleep right okay you've got
to clean up your diet or you sleep like
every other night like it's horrible
your diet is [ __ ] garbage okay you're
not going consistently your program is
[ __ ] and then the other parts like okay
dude hold on I don't want the Doomer
talk okay
Jesus Christ like you're gonna be like
50 million things I have to do but I
want to get shredded like this is
[ __ ] [ __ ] like I just want to
[ __ ] like now I don't even want to do
it's like well hold on dude no like if
you want to get there we can do it and I
think the planet can do it but it's
gonna take a lot of work to get there
it's not as easy as just voting for
Bernie Sanders as president or just just
destroying all the fossil fuel
industries or just you know like taxing
100 companies like it's a multilateral
problem that involves thousands of
different people millions of different
players like trillions of different
dollars of economic activity like it's
really [ __ ] hard I'm sorry I'm
ranting go for it but it's hard it's
real [ __ ] hard it's really hard to do
I wouldn't equate that leap of like all
these steps to require to get fit and
workout is the same thing as I'm saying
step one admit you want a revolution in
step two just make it happen I I totally
understand it's going to require a
unified front it would require you know
years of effort it's going to require a
disruption of the power of lobbying
unification of amongst many people
different backgrounds an effective
communication campaign where I guess if
the if the average working millennial
right now who is like tired of not being
able to afford rent tired of having
poverty wage tired of having like I
don't generally know no actual greater
influence on how all the things are
unhappy about right now not changing huh
being in the know if for example if what
you're saying is it's true the day
average
person doesn't even know about that hole
20 uh-huh that 12 year 2030 projection
borders are gonna be irreparable
long-term damage to the planet if we
don't get things changed now I'm at
minimum 50% reduction all admissions
were produced right now from the USA etc
and in the world yeah then I think that
that message used to get out a lot
further here I think that would happen
more effectively under at minimum Burnie
presents a Burnie or a true progressive
presidency first I understand there's a
lot of work coming in here but I'm just
I'm not a fan of the pessimistic stuff
oh I get that I'll have a counter
Arbonne that right now I'm just more
telling you how I feel
uh-huh so I do better here because I
feel like usually I back off and say oh
I'll research it later
which me fair I haven't done a great job
I've been busy smoking myself here but
like I just like I just like throw
people get really simplistic then the
solutions are [ __ ] and then we just get
into even worse and worse scenarios
that's what I hate like when I've looked
at like some of the [ __ ] that exists in
California because people don't want to
take like a real hard look at like how
to fix things so like for instance like
how do we fix like the housing problem
right that this is something that
actually does have like a there's a good
solution to this that nobody wants to do
and that solution is to zone more houses
but in order to do that you got to say
[ __ ] homeowners okay and [ __ ] people
that have been living here okay [ __ ] all
of your interests your property price
are gonna decrease [ __ ] you suck it up
suck a dick and [ __ ] off and build more
[ __ ] houses but every single person
that already has property in California
is motivated against that no I don't
want you to build more property here
you're gonna decrease my home prices
right so what do we get instead we get
these [ __ ] things that even AOC is
advocating for international things like
rent control right things that don't
work anywhere right or like cooperative
housing and all this [ __ ] right Sweden
even has like these massive [ __ ]
places for people to live and there's
like a 10-year wait list right it's like
what like [ __ ] 10 years
melina if you want to get like an
apartment in Sweden aren't you like a 10
year wait list to do that like you sign
up when you're 18 like it's [ __ ]
insane like these aren't good ways to
combat these problems and people that
act like we're gonna have to assume the
simplistic solution like oh well it's
just my critique catechu the cost of
rent or you can't increase it now the
problems face like well no dude its way
[ __ ] harder than that I'm not trying
to be a tumor I'm just trying to be
pragmatic okay I love you though all
right okay that's cool huh actually
what's going on so then when it comes to
rent control ye
so can we least agree that right now our
current system is not good
do you find that our current release
don't write for rent as yet or there's
not money there's not many like
protections for renters no there are so
many protections for renters parental
protections in the u.s. are pretty crazy
like or at least in the place that I'm
familiar with like you can't what is it
and where's Dana
isn't it like two months to get kicked
out of like a place you live in like if
you start like [ __ ] up they're like
writer protections are pretty good now
if you wanna talk about like
availability of housing or cost of
living like those are like valid things
but like just like specific renter
protections are usually like pretty
decent yeah it's like six months in some
places like but um but but like I mean
like there are housing problems in the
US for sure of course that need to be
fixed yeah
so I good okay because actually there
was a I hate that we were dealing so
hard here I I'm sorry if we were postal
I do other [ __ ] this town derail the
foot are we do you want it do you want
to keep going cuz we [ __ ] keep going
well cuz actually today I was okay so if
I had more time at she really really
wanted to read I'm I'm gonna get here in
BG for you but uh Bernie actually
announced today what is he called on
here a housing for all bill actually
wanted to read it and bring it to you
and discuss inviting a chance to like
working life today but apparently it
includes some stuff here I think he says
that there's gonna be like a rent
control I rent a rent control amount
that's like tethered to cost of living
or some [ __ ] like or GDP from a certain
region if you make it region eyes GDP a
thing or whatever [ __ ] I wish I remember
what worse where's the nitty-gritty at
this damn thing there's obvious no [ __ ]
because thought you have to read a whole
da man to figure out what the whole
thing is going to be actually but uh
[ __ ] wasn't asking about this one that
doesn't like a matter of fact thing you
cannot brought this small world here
that that was the thing
I'm sure there's like if you want to
talk about like building new houses I'm
100% in favor of that Japan is a source
I'm already the only country that does
it aggressively enough we you basically
come in and you say sorry homeowners get
[ __ ] we're building more houses like
that's it
but like this site rent control is bad
it just doesn't work it's horrible so
good okay well let me pause there then
so so the one thing you brought in
particularly here was the fact that the
current existing property owners their
property value will
lower if we saturate the market with
more housing right because I know it's
more competition to stay somewhere
etcetera right uh-huh
you find is that if that was like a
reason while you're opposed to the
expansion are you it's where you are you
opposed to the expansion of housing
there are you just saying the mortar
that that's what rich people are gonna
say because they have their currents but
everyone is gonna say rich middle class
and lower class I think more housing is
crucial now to be fair I don't own a
house here but yeah you you absolutely
should have more housing here but
everybody is incentivized against it
that's the problem the homeowners are
all incentivized against it and and the
landlords to everybody that owns
property is incentivized against making
more property that's why we get these
horribly stupid [ __ ] wings I would
not thirteen EUR was like like okay
let's say hypothetically I'm a homeowner
in California I have a house right sure
the expansive housing happens here my
property that was more fancy like you
know 500k would reduce in value Emily
that was everything yeah so like here's
some [ __ ] right do you know what
Glendale is Glendale is but that's like
a that's a territory in California right
yeah kind of territories a city right
you don't know [ __ ] all about it because
nobody does because it's whatever you
know the average cost of rent is here
it's twenty six hundred dollars a month
right - I so I pay two thousand seven
hundred dollars a month for my one
bedroom loft why is it that I can go
outside walk across the street and see
single [ __ ] family houses here
bulldoze this [ __ ] and build some
goddamn [ __ ] socialist [ __ ]
housing things I want like 7,000 unit
[ __ ] apartments should be built in
this place there is no [ __ ] reason
why we should have single family units
that in houses that are zone here in
this [ __ ] state or at least in this
LA area it's ridiculous there is no
reason right here should not be the high
but if I was proposing that guess who's
going to oppose it every single person
that owns a home over there well they're
all gonna get [ __ ] because they bought
because maybe there's a seven hundred
thousand dollar piece of [ __ ] house that
you bought you took out a loan on it you
took out a mortgage on it and now I'm
gonna zone [ __ ] you know seventeen
thousand more units in the same city
well guess what's gonna happen to the
cost of your property it's gonna
massively decrease or guess what's gonna
happen to the people that took it alone
to build my apartment complex they're
not gonna be able to charge twenty seven
hundred a month anymore the rent is
gonna have to fall because this property
value is gonna massively decrease like
everybody is incentivized against it and
so nobody wants to tackle the issue so
instead we slap on like shitty band-aids
like
control that don't help anybody at all
and just [ __ ] over poor people even more
and it's like yeah okay okay pause there
so could you the reverse band-aid could
we like have it happen to the so that
the the customer the consumer could not
get totally [ __ ] on the whole rent
rate and benefit the the property owners
the the the top people here how could
the consumer is not getting [ __ ] what
do you mean okay so you're saying like
okay so the property has to go down so
the people already own houses people who
are who are the landlords who build the
properties that have these
rent-controlled apartments or whatever
they get they get [ __ ] over what
couldn't we just like spend our way to
meet them not get [ __ ] over like maybe
cuz yeah sure we're coming in as a third
party hand we're changing the market
from what they initially what they
wanted whether they put alone in the
house before they made like a business
building contract to build up twenty
five storey loft you know oh some way to
subsidize it I mean yeah I mean that
would be like ideal right yeah so let's
say that you bulldoze the [ __ ] out of
some added some block of like [ __ ] a
single-family housing and you open some
buildings there and you bring it a bunch
of new people maybe as a result of that
you're going to see some increased
economic activity in your city right
maybe you you siphon off some of that
increase in economic activity the new
taxes you collect there and maybe you
find a way to give that to homeowners if
some form of rebate or reimbursement if
you have like a mortgage or something on
like your estate taxes or something like
that right yeah maybe something like
that would be good but um there's just
like such a conflict of interest right
now that it's really hard to solve any
of these problems right and then also
like some people's like expectations are
super [ __ ] too so like here's so we
have something in California called
proposition 13 that makes it so that you
like you can't increase like the
property taxes on on a unit to match
like what it's actually worth because
what would happen is people would buy a
house and the value of that house would
increase so much that they weren't able
to pay taxes on the house anymore right
but one thing I don't understand is why
do people think they should be allowed
to live in the most expensive parts of
the country without like making any
money like you're sitting on a million
dollar house you're more wealthy than
like 99.9 percent of the people in the
world and you're too selfish to sell the
house and move and so you're gonna [ __ ]
over the entire States ability to
collect taxes because you don't want to
have to actually pay taxes on what the
asset is worth like there it's there is
so much [ __ ] stupid [ __ ] related to
housing here in California I can't
actually believe it I actually couldn't
even believe how [ __ ] dumb the [ __ ]
is here when I started reading into it
like
people that are sitting on million
dollar assets are don't want to sell it
so they vote against raising taxes on it
so that they can stay here and somehow
they're labeled as like the victims like
oh no like grandma's gonna be kicked out
of her house she's not gonna be kicked
out of her house she just can't afford
the tax on it but she can sell it
collect a cool [ __ ] 700 grand and go
move like [ __ ] 30 minutes away what
the [ __ ] why would we [ __ ] over every
other person's housing situation because
people can't add it but okay so there
there's you brought up that I don't have
a particular actually know what's funny
I'll be totally honest here yeah you
were talking you were talking very fast
and I was trying to just write down this
point before you even started yeah I
would if I had told you honestly I have
to ask you to repeat that again so I can
contribute to our argument I don't wanna
pretend it oh that's right just there's
just a lot of bad policies that just
don't fix anything and they favor people
like for instance like rent control like
who does rent control help the the in
consumer I would say rights are oh it's
a probe consumer thing it's not it all
the rent control helps people that are
already there whether you're rich
whether you're poor whether you're
middle-class and who does it hurt it
hurts every new person coming in to rent
now who do you think is gonna be hurt
the most though let me give you a hint
it's not streamers like me making
six-figure incomes cuz I can rent
anywhere in the [ __ ] world but now if
somebody wants to move here that can't
really afford as much well now they're
[ __ ] because rent control is
disincentivized the [ __ ] out of any new
units getting built and now you know
like the rent controlled units are
really [ __ ] hard to get into so the
people that get hurt the most by it and
by the way study after study after study
in San Francisco in Los Angeles in New
York and in Washington and Seattle all
bear out the same things rent control
hurts new renters trying to come in and
consume property it just doesn't help it
doesn't help those people and the only
people that get help are the people that
are already here in some cases those are
poor people but in a lot of cases those
are just wealthy or middle-class people
they don't need the help like it's just
a horrible policy and this it's a whole
other thing I'm certainly that okay so
rent control alone is not good it's not
even an anything alone or with anything
else it's just not good why would you
favorite people I already love give
people rebates based on the money they
make Earned Income Tax Credit
[ __ ] amen brother if you don't make a
lot of money find a way to get these
people money if you can't afford house
you know get people out that's the way
to go get that
so sure rent control might not be good
but ultimately that Rick controls not
even what the intention of the whole
thing is it's more like MIT make it so
that people can afford rent better as in
either yeah they get like a weight the
the wages are more reflective of where
they currently stay okay you know I
guess like some kind of like city
specific minimum wage or whatever you
want to call it know it's something
tethered to inflation tether to taxation
of a certain state Providence whatever
it may be
uh-huh I totally get that there I don't
I'd like to see rent be affordable does
this mean I'm Pro a rent control I just
want to see Brent be able to be get paid
people have to like you know do some
kind of like dystopia [ __ ] we're
going to do the [ __ ] San Cisco pod
subscription where you paying $20 a
month for a for a goddamn bunk bunk bed
in San Francisco sure I hear about that
or whatever yeah yeah I've seen that pod
service [ __ ] yeah yeah so yeah yeah ask
most people be able to actually like I
don't know live decently I guess I'm
trying to say so yeah I don't think
everybody should be able to live in the
most expensive cities in the world
though I think that's kind of silly but
mmm well okay so let me let me pause
that one there cuz I look what the thing
I wanted to get to was here so the where
does it end then AG where does Madison
like if people who already have property
values intrinsic to the current demand
of the market are going to forever be
opposed to change then what then what
then what happens what the government
step sentences [ __ ] you dog who is
owning more [ __ ] houses and suck my
dick that's what the government has to
do okay so man there are so many pastas
here that I feel like if you're if you
feel that way about it I would love to
hear what you feel about the the Boehner
wark ar-15 buyback [ __ ] ar-15 that [ __ ]
doesn't matter that [ __ ] does never
[ __ ] mattered if you want to reduce
gun violence in America and not even the
effectiveness just just the policy
itself though one that into student loan
forgiveness and medical debt forgiveness
the funnies are also [ __ ] too
because X person paid a medical bill
prior to the implementation of the of
the forgiveness itself uh-huh X person
pay off their student loan and hustled
and therefore to them because education
and student loan related stuff should be
targeted on income there shouldn't be
broad forgiveness if you got a student
loan and
you're working a job where you're making
sixty seventy eighty thousand ow because
of that student loan then nobody should
help you pay that [ __ ] back you went to
school you made an investment in your
education and now it's paying off
dividends for you like yeah you've got a
lot of debt to pay off but if I could
pay it off it paid off like it's good
you did it like you that's the dream
like even if it's a hundred fifty grand
like if you're making 60 70 80 thousand
a year right the four-year bachelor
degree like median earnings is in like
the hundred thousand dollar the counter
twenty hundred thirty thousand dollar
like dude you did it like that's fine
you pay it off and you suck it up
probably takes two five to ten years to
do it
I think the median is like ten years to
pay off your student debt that's fine
you did it like you absolutely like
that's that's the goal right you know P
like that I thought that was so
hypocritical when a OC was tweeting out
on like Oh like I just paid off my
student loan debt and I'm in Congress
like that's awesome you literally went
to school and now you're a [ __ ]
Congress person like that's good you
went and got an education and now it's
working for you yeah you have to pay the
loan back but hey it works like that's
fine that's an okay system I do think we
need to expand access to education to
like lower-class people right like
whether or not you get to go to school
shouldn't be determined by the last name
of your family or the neighborhood you
were born in or the color of your skin
that's [ __ ]
but but the idea that like like I just I
don't like the idea of free education
for everybody it feels wrong it feels
wrong yeah like like I should be able to
send my kid to school without somebody
who's making 60,000 a year paying any
percentage whatsoever towards it that
should never ever ever happen right my
kid doesn't need you know [ __ ] Joe
Schmo who's working at the factory and
and his wife that are working the dual
income people that are together bringing
eighty five thousand here none of their
taxes should be going towards paying for
my kid to go to school that's insane to
me
but now like if we want to talk about
like making tax incentive ice programs
to send like poor people to school then
100 percent Amen for now you can tax tax
which people to get that [ __ ] done too
but like if you go to school and you
make a lot of money afterwards pay it
back you know if your family is wealthy
pay to send your [ __ ] kids to school
like rich people don't need help
sending their kids to school people that
go to someone get a comp engineering
degree and come out and they're making
60 70 80 thousand a year these people
don't need subsidies get it too [ __ ]
poor people you don't have infinite
money to spread around everybody okay
yep
I don't think ASD actually finish paying
off her student debt well I I recall her
it's not actually made
payment that's when I'm saying something
yeah I think I think with two years of
her over her salary I'll be taking care
of no big deal here but you know that
was a huge it's a hugely going from
which was farting or whatever right I
can't imagine that was crossing more
than CK a year hustling non-stop
compared to whatever she makes now
probably upwards of 190 K here uh-huh
with her salary but it's it's a huge
leap huge gamble etc um the staggering
amount of student debt we currently have
right now I think it was like it's over
a trillion right um I mean let me get
the staffer here I wish I had it off
while you're looking at this real quick
somebody in chats that's destiny and
your argument people without cars
shouldn't have to pay for roads I'm
pretty sure the majority of Road funding
right now comes from a gasoline tax so
yeah people that drive cars don't pay
for the roads it's the people that get
gas that fill up gas at them at the pub
do but so do you think it's normal that
as one twenty eighteen forty four point
two million borrowers over a 1.5
trillion in student debt and continue to
balloon on a year-by-year basis since
like 2000 that's like normal and fine
well I mean what am I supposed to those
are two massive numbers I don't know
what I'm supposed to do with it like the
question isn't like it is the amount of
loans taken out a high number the
question is is does it pay for itself
right so if you want to Google something
we can Google like look at the median
earnings between a high school graduate
and somebody with a four-year degree
because the difference between those two
people is almost $30,000 a year and
that's starting wage that's not into
their career because into their career
is people with four-year degrees also
have higher wage growth than people with
only some high school education as well
right because they tend to get bigger
raises or move to other positions as
well that are complemented by their
degree as well so I mean like yeah
there's like a lot of money being taken
out for education there's a lot of money
to be made for having a four-year degree
like I actually had some guy come on and
debate me that that education was
actually bad because there was such a
massive difference between how much
somebody with the degree earns versus
somebody without and I don't think I
necessarily 100 cent agree with it but
like it is pretty extreme there is a
crazy difference in money between
four-year degree holders and just high
school grad holders it's insane
well let me um okay I dumped the last ad
and really and really frame it in a way
I would say it's more effective so I'm
sorry about that I was trying to be a
little more aggressive one of things I'm
going with here and I'm
I'm good I'm new to the whole thing yeah
the next point I was going to say here
though is that whenever you were opposed
to the taxation of others going towards
hypothetically your own child's
education here I think the only real way
you're gonna have a general boost in
quality of education for everyone around
is that if you also have to make
everyone have the same mandated a level
of education the reason why I'm like
really I would be hypothetical II in -
uh-huh subsidized college for all is
that once it wasn't the same playing
field I guess then the rich people will
now care about the quality of that yeah
this is why I'm opposed to like I don't
think I have to think of some of it I
don't think I like the idea of like
private grade schools and private high
schools because it seems like I makes
like wealthy people not give a [ __ ]
about what happens in public schools of
you can just right but like the only
problems I have with so I'm using I'm
using almost all my intricate
information is coming from the British
system right now and I do need to do
more research into other systems because
there are countries to be fair there are
countries that provide free university
access to their into everybody in their
country for free or they even pay him to
do it but like one of the problems but I
need to look more into these I should
but like one of the problems that the
British had when they try to make
education free for everybody is that
overconsumption was a real problem there
that overconsumption was a problem and
the only people that could take
advantage or the people that took
advantage of these free pre-college
programs the most were wealthy people
and the two problems here are one if
everybody can go to college for free
well now like you have like way more
students per teacher the quality
decreases right when you've got 40 kids
in a classroom instead of 20 or you know
300 in an auditorium instead of 150
depending on what kind of talking about
right like that the quality of the
education decreases because so many
people are trying consume it now and
they're not bringing in any additional
money because there wasn't enough
government funding for it so that's the
first problem and then the second
problem was if you make education free
for everybody tomorrow who's gonna go
run and get free education it's gonna be
middle-class kids it's not gonna be
working families or poor people because
these are people that already have to
work to take care of their families or
it's people who can't afford to just not
work for four years and go get a degree
so income inequality or rather education
inequality grew in the United Kingdom
when they had free education it wasn't
until they made it so that wealthy
people still had to pay for
right and then they just gave like loan
subsidies and stuff to poorer people
that they actually saw that inequality
decrease because people having to pay
for the education brought more money
into the system so schools could afford
to like expand and hire more teachers
and the quality didn't decrease so I'm
throwing a lot at you right now yeah one
couldn't like couldn't subsidy just kind
of like fix the whole like budget
deficit that you're gonna have there
will you'll have enough teachers to like
back up the increased demand
theoretically yeah wouldn't there be
wouldn't the overabundance of students
being educated lead to I would say maybe
like a better society overall
then those just opting to crash and burn
in the retail [ __ ] of making 725 an
hour or whatever um so like for the
first one like yeah if you can fund
everything then yeah that would be good
but that's hard you have to fight for
that funding like that's still like
these are battles that have to happen
and like if you can get wealthy people
so like people like me right how much
easier would it be if everybody who's
really rich just has to pay for their
kid to go to school that's funny that
you don't have to fight for in your
public budget no right so like not
making it Universal and making middle
class and at least wealthy people like
pay for the education is more money
coming in from the outside to fund your
system which is good and then the second
thing was wouldn't more education lead
to a better society
absolutely yeah I think education is one
of the most important things that we can
offer in society I just want to make
sure that like it's being offered in a
way that doesn't like [ __ ] over
everybody else and it's actually like
doing like it's it's actually being
offered to poor people like that's the
important part is that like everybody
like education should ideally be the
great equalizer education shouldn't be
better for rich people and worse for
poor people because what the [ __ ] well
what the [ __ ] is the point of education
that if it's just furthering the class
divides no I completely agree with that
I guess also it requires me to get into
more specifics here about like what is
when we say quote unquote free free
college or subsidized college here does
that mean room and board yeah yeah I
believe it does and that's a big
difference there right cuz we have like
the working family wouldn't go out or
whatever like sure families and parents
probably too far gone but I would say
for a lot of people who may be under the
age of 30
uh-huh if you can get freedom or to like
actually invest in yourself and better
yourself for the for the market when you
can go
and after being post agree like you
sided earlier I wouldn't see how people
wouldn't wouldn't leap on that actually
if you're if you're able to give him
like I guess like an investment in the
American people and be given a bailout
to be able to better yourself uh-huh
it's not everybody has like the brain to
make that decision like these are things
that these are attitudes like when
you're poor right like you're kind of
told it like when you graduate high
school or whatever assuming you know
make into college you're gonna work a
[ __ ] job and that's just what you're
expected to do for your entire life and
that's it when you're middle-class are
wealthy right you go to high school and
you go to college you play some football
you go to France like people are given
like totally different expectations the
class that you're born in in the United
States is levied with it a whole bunch
of expectations that are placed on the
rest of your life right so like if you
all of a sudden make a whole bunch of
money freely available to poor people
middle class people and wealthy people
like the average poor person might not
think they don't have like the mind
because they haven't been like told this
their entire lives like the wealthy
people in the middle class people they
might just think like oh yeah I'm gonna
go to school like better my life and
better my education and do all of that
because it's not what they just haven't
been given that like their whole lives
the same way that like wealthier
middle-class people have hmm it's kind
of like like right now like because I
feel like well like here like if I would
not if I were to give $10,000 to a
wealthy person a middle-class person and
a poor person the United States right
now right the wealthy person would
probably invest in some index the middle
class person would probably do some
renovation on their house right so the
wealthy person is getting returns on
their money the middle-class person is
at least increasing the value of an
asset and a poor person is probably
gonna buy like a [ __ ] ton a dumbass [ __ ]
they're probably gonna like get a TV
they're probably maybe they'll invest
something that helps a little bit like
some kind of related stuff to a car or
whatever but like financial literacy of
poor people is really bad for a variety
of reasons largely tied to class right
if you're poor chances are your parents
are poor chances are your education is
[ __ ] chances are that the only financial
stuff that you're hearing is insanely
[ __ ] predatory so people like credit
cards or payday loans or other people
that are trying to capitalize on your
misfortune right like people just don't
have people people aren't equipped to
deal with like large sums of money or
opportunities like free education like
the same way that everybody else's just
by virtue of like how they've been
brought up so it seems like a brilliant
generalization cuz it is forgive me if
I'm wrong here yeah people are cute
people are not financially illiterate
when I'm in the low class I think it's a
very familiar because I think it's not a
ream or
vital point of our American education
system right now to be taught these
things I agree with that but that once
they're poor and stupid they're too poor
and stupid to ever get out of being poor
and stupid yeah you can be absolutely
yeah ever bail them out why because we
have to try because these are one whit
for no other reason because these aren't
like our fellow [ __ ] American
citizens one two because just because
you're poor Alvah better education would
be like a way to make that happen with a
new system forever because the poor and
stupid we don't do anything about it
because the poorest we do nothing about
it well why not improve the education
isn't become less poor and stupid
because because it's not just a matter
of making college free and saying there
go get it right like they're not they
don't always have like like certain
depending on your situation you don't
have the wherewithal to just pursue that
right like there's a ton of like this
someone you don't like I'm not trying to
equate it directly but it's kind of like
my Republican say like Oh we'll just go
start your own business right like and
like and I understand that like I get a
lot of hate from Chad for saying this
because a lot of people here don't know
poor people or have never spent time
around poor people in their entire lives
because they've never wandered outside
of a college classroom I'm not saying
you're doing that but a lot of people
look like right now and they'd like to
see what are you talking about like any
time you give a poor person a chance to
go to college for free they would what a
hard wasn't you up on it absolutely not
dude there's a lot of poor people that
think that like literally they're too
stupid for college and they could never
do it and that's why they do the jobs
right now they could never dream of
going back to school they were never as
smart as the other kids or they didn't
have the wealthy fancy education or
whatever there's a lot of poor people
that think that just because you make
education free for them they're not
gonna like just go and send their kids
down to or not so because but they're
themselves aren't just gonna go to
college or whatever especially if a lot
of these people have prior existing
financial engagements anyway so for
instance if they have children because
guess what if you're poor you have less
access to contraception less access to
things like abortion and less access to
other things to do with your time then
[ __ ] and make kids so if you're poor
you're already have a higher likelihood
of having children or prior financial
obligations anyway that prevents you
from going to school like I I agree with
you that education is important but just
making college free that's only gonna
help the people that like are already
able to capitalize on it which is going
to be like tend to be wealthy people
that's what happened in the United
Kingdom system they made education free
for a good chunk of time and the people
that took advantage of it the most were
people that were in a position to they
were wealthy people they didn't
necessarily need that boost anyway but
poor people are still [ __ ] in so many
different ways like class impacts you in
so many more ways than just not being
educated like class affects you [ __ ]
Christ I'm not trying to give the commie
talking points holy [ __ ] I hate
but like your class affects you like
throughout your entire life like
somebody that's born poor for eighteen
years like that is a mark that is left
on you in more ways than just your bank
account then somebody born wealthy right
the way that you deal with money the way
that you deal with relationships
the way that you deal with adverse
financial events like all of these
things are gonna be vastly different
than some of you that's been born with
money their whole life versus somebody
that's been poor their whole life okay
so I agree with that last point there
yeah that the class does affect your
perspective your outlook your execution
of what you do involving money property
etc and everything else here huh but oh
my god dude he said now that was some
peak peak Doomer stuff
I don't know how much about looking to
them to the British thing to even like
say applicable to the American public I
think I've seen a lot of attitudes of
people who were fed up and are
definitely very eager to get like a get
a bailout in some sort I get the way we
can bail out banks from the wait
recession or bailout XYZ here's like
some because like a lot of people like
as a meme like they're actually still
too and I catch myself doing this and
it's so [ __ ] stupid because I'm 30
now and I haven't been porn for a decade
right but there are still times when
when when when I know that like like a
bill isman process or something of mine
and I'm actually scared to check my bank
account cuz I don't know there's gonna
be money there even though that's
impossible right like this still happens
to me sometimes we're like I still think
about this and you know I can't imagine
for somebody that's been in even worse
situations or and it's been there for
longer like how many of these types of
things like carry over into like every
other like when you're poor for so long
like these things bleed over into every
[ __ ] Ashton that's like I don't agree
with you on that that people would not
have the the intelligence and Status
eight something's to change here right
now when there's basic stats like people
are making half of American population
is making under thirty thousand dollars
a year or less mm-hmm and I forget how
many of them are living check the check
right now how many of them that one
study here were the the average American
does not have four hundred dollars of
money saved they cover like I'm assuming
that yeah yeah from Erasmus area
something has got to change and people I
think the average American worker is
very aware that the current system we
have right now sucks
massive gorilla [ __ ] uh-huh and that
they would they would be down to try
something else different and better even
you're even the thing you told me right
now about that yeah
the rich people mostly hypothetically
here and I'm sure Bateman that agree
with that I feel that they would what
people who probably go to a private
tuition anyway miss Vye recalled the
meeting also clarify here that the the
institutionalized college education here
would be for public institutions not
like not the private ones not the
private elite expensive ones I would
imagine I mean like I don't like so like
this is just me and this is a fog we've
got so hard on this topic I don't like
the idea of like private and public
schools
I don't know and I'd have to think about
this more I don't like the idea of like
a two-tiered education system like our
education should be good enough for
everybody and like if you can pursue a
zoo do you want to consistent one
standard yeah I think so there I my
favorite thing saying go ahead so are
you are you for abolishing the private
institutions I don't know if I would say
like abolishing private institutions but
like federal funding should be made
available for all institutions does that
make sense it's like if we want to run
public schools and private schools
that's fine but like the pool of money
kind of like single-payer health
insurance like if you want have a
single-payer health insurance then [ __ ]
it fine but I don't know if every single
hospital should be publicly only there
should still be probably public and
private hospitals but the pool of money
that funds them I think should be the
same okay mm-hmm I guess I don't like
the idea of like two-tier in education
systems like if our education system
sucks I want wealthy people to hurt too
like they need to be motivated just as
much as a poor person does to like
actually I'm surprised to hear that why
I expect more capitalistic [ __ ] from you
usually just like no Pratt like this is
the problem like like this is why this
is why I'm not married to capitalism or
socialism I think we should look at
outcomes but like so for instance like
people look at the USSR and they talk
about like oh oh well at least the USSR
Kasturi could provide health care
[ __ ] their health care was
two-tiered as [ __ ] as well they couldn't
afford to give the best medical
treatment everybody so the people that
had extra money to pay off doctors or
the people that were in with certain
political parties or the political party
were able to get preferential treatment
that other poorer people that didn't
have these same types of favors and they
were called Blatz and in the USSR
sometime when you had like a list of
favors and should the you know or
receive from people or whatever like it
was a two-tiered system as well the idea
of like to tiering like crucial life
systems like education or health
is probably not good like whatever
system you offer should should at the
very least like the baseline should be
like at a very very very high level for
a country like the United States we have
a lot of [ __ ] money here but
shouldn't be shitty education yeah sure
no yeah that that's actually great I
completely agree with that
um okay wait no when you said federal
funds should be available too
can you clarify a little bit for me here
you're saying that federal funds should
be available to private institutions and
schools like that and in what fashion to
to like I like em like an annual
distribution basis to better their
schools to remain competitive of the
other with the with the quote unquote
public ones and also the same funding
here or like or like here's what I'm
saying when I were are you saying that
the the federal student loans should be
also readily available applicable to be
applied to private institutions as well
I'm saying like if everybody gets money
to go to school from like the federal
government for student loans or some
[ __ ] then like that those student loans
should work on public or private schools
but like basically what you want to
disincentivize at the end of the day so
someone in someone in your chat said
that's the dumbest [ __ ] I've ever heard
I'll have my children privately taught
by dedicated professionals if I have the
resources for it these types of people
shouldn't have the I don't think you
should have the option to do that if our
education system sucks everybody in the
United States should be trying to figure
out how to solve that I don't want there
to be a shitty education system that
rich people can kind of get around and
it's like if I get if you fix it you fix
it if you don't whatever at least my
kids are taken care of like the
education system should work for
everybody like it's got its [ __ ]
education this is supposed to be the one
thing in society that if a kid tries his
hardest at he can make it just as far as
anybody else and right now they can't
like [ __ ] like even in like my city
right I had to move my kid to a
different school district so that he
could go to a better school because the
public schooling where we lived
initially it was [ __ ] [ __ ] like
because it was a poor area like that's
[ __ ] that it's public like what the
[ __ ] yeah I agree that I think we had
talked prior to it I agree with you on
that one that that is [ __ ] and that the
property tax should be like how property
tax works how property taxation works to
only benefit the local area and not the
entire state continues just make the
inequality of certain education I guess
education does there's a problem right
not to mention the fact that like so
like for my private high school cuz I
might send Nathan to a private high
school because I really like mine my his
tuition would be fifteen thousand
dollars
right and I'm willing to send high
school yeah man and I'm willing to send
him there but imagine because I think my
high school Creighton Prep if every
student is paying 50 does he write if
wealthy people like me are willing to
pay that amount to send our kid to
school
well [ __ ] dude I could put that money to
the [ __ ] public education system like
holy [ __ ] like all of that money that
goes towards that private education what
if that was just going into the public
system to make education better for
everybody and when education is better
for everybody it's better for everybody
like it's a cyclical thing to like part
of the reasons why you send your kids to
private school isn't just because the
education is better it's because the
students there are better educated as
well right if you send your kid into a
classroom with a bunch of people that
are like focused on their education he's
gonna be more focused on his education
right like it helps everybody like it's
got a hugely positive feedback effect to
it as well yeah I agree I agree that the
median standard for a lot of things
should be better and that perhaps
taxation or subsidies could help make
those things better I get I'm giving you
a generalization right now provide a
year but I how this is the specificity
of how those things are executed to fund
those things uh-huh
I think is like it can be specified and
figured out in detail
eventually by somebody certainly I'm not
qualified to give that give that debate
a chance right now but because I saw I
saw one guy in your chair we're gonna
bring up chat points here one guy who
can just call me like the the money tree
Mimar and I'm like no obviously I get
that money to come from somewhere here
uh-huh but at the same time here this
this the taxation upon the wealthy right
now is that a comically all-time low and
that is a lot of MIS revenue that can
come from a lot of basing even something
as trivially simple as like legalizing
marijuana having attacks than fifty
percent nationwide rate would bring in
like [ __ ] I wish I remember the the
amount a lot of money yeah I want to say
somewhere around like I could be wrong I
won't throw out a number at [ __ ] I
want to give you numbers for foreclosure
but like I think approaching ten billion
if it was if I was just done alone we
know I'm saying that wrong here it cuz
it's a six little industry right now and
it's only legal and what is it three or
four states but if it was nationwide and
do the projections over they per cap and
everything else here baby that'll only
bring in a [ __ ] ton of money is what I'm
gonna say be right that about that but
they you you can you can you can figure
out waste of like half taxation be be
done appropriately
and where you can bring in revenue where
you can pay for all these things right
here I was possible sure I had a burny
transaction tax I get your critique of
Warren's 2% wealth tax I progress if I
have a critique here about a OCS
proposed again loosely proposed template
for a marginal tax rate above I forget
it was 10 million 50 million buck in
marginal tax is an amen D that's okay
I'm fine with that progressive like
making our tax system like more
progressive I think is a good thing
wealthy people should pay more making
the capital gains rates come in line
with ordinary income also probably
something that should happen I don't
know why the money I make on my
investments is taxed so much less than
the money some dude makes you know
working in McDonald's it seems like
[ __ ] but yeah that stuff should
definitely be looked at for sure okay
yeah these are all things I'm pretty
pretty down for at this current time and
I would I would before I come to the big
league here to talk to you more about it
I would I wouldn't I would want to like
look a little further in and I hate the
making that meeting right but look a
little further Tim that way I can give
you the the specifics that I that make
me not only do I like it in principle in
theory but I I specify in execution how
it could play out realistically uh-huh
so I look forward to being will do that
with you at a later time but yeah it's
just like.how how I feel about those
things at this time sure as far as like
yeah like you know uh I standardized
fine I'm just here because I know all
those things I know you got Socialists
in your ear tracks I'm just here giving
you that balance capitalist take okay
that I like to feed you oh yeah oh one
more thing to look into final final
point is that with the one thing and I
saw someone in chat tennis earlier and
I'm saying this like take this with a
grain of salt cause it might not be true
but one thing that I've heard in a lot
of countries that have 100% free
education where they even pay kids but
like in Finland is that while they do do
that and that's really awesome it is
really hard to get into some of these
schools and that's kind of the way that
they balance it out that you have to be
like a top level student so I think I
had a I think I had a German guy so I'm
gonna check and tell me if they're
German if this is true or not I think I
had a German guy
email me and said that while their
education is like all free they have
like three tiers of how it works where
most students go into like the the trade
school tier and then some students make
it into like the middle like okay tier
and the but like to get into like the
good universities that would be like
American like private schools you got to
be an amazing [ __ ] student to
actually get into these schools so even
though they have free education for
everybody the Koala
vacations to get in is way [ __ ]
harder than in America where you could
just buy your way and/or get lastic now
do you feel that that is the case
because of the they don't have enough
schools to compensate like you know the
schools weren't you know it I don't want
to use the the scary Republican word
here but I'll use it but that's a form
of rationing right you can only provide
free education to so many people so you
have to ration it out because you don't
want to suffer the same consequences
that the United Kingdom with
overconsumption where every single
person is going to school and now the
quality of your education is actually
declined because like so many people are
trying to go and you just can't bear it
with your system yeah so my thing there
would be that uh okay so you bring them
a valid point and threaten everything in
education so would they would redirect
towards vocational or trade school stuff
point yeah that's that's what happens I
believe in Germany that which I think
would work out at a very surface level
opposition that would work out not
problematically in a mirror I think
that's okay I think we should push
people towards trans right now we have a
shortage and construction jobs we have a
[ __ ] win there's like because of the s
like the strain or the throttle of
what's the word here I'm looking for
people want to get into a secure career
field you know I think it's a fair point
to say right nobody like nobody is now
eager now to like get in student debt
and get into a field that it's not like
a guaranteed like income level or in
demand where maybe so it's just like a
under under penetrative rate of like I
guess Liberal Arts degrees or arts
degrees or whatever people want going
for like more business-oriented
revenue-generating guaranteed bankable
jobs to a certain degree so you're
seeing a shortage of of people opt in
for I guess trade school or vocational
school yeah maybe I mean if yeah I mean
I think I think people I think there
should be something between high school
and four-year degree because the
earnings gap is too big
so like associate's degrees or like to
your trade schools or whatever I think
would be good yeah see you're in there
okay okay um so we covered a lot I feel
like I uh
[ __ ] me do we even like that's an yeah I
think I know it's still and there was
still more here to goddamn it
I'm just for the debates oh do we
oh man we went on a [ __ ] thing
there are two things I want to see in
our work I guess we're going to like
admit the mean - like either move on or
stop or some [ __ ] like that one I didn't
for once I want to stay here cuz I I see
that I see a lot in your chat destiny
they called me a beta kook to tell me
always back them did more homework come
back to later on here I'm trying a
little bit better
uh-huh to to uh to you know stand on my
points and even admit when I am doing
emotional plea [ __ ] cuz I will admit
I am doing a fair bit of that right now
but god [ __ ] damn if I can get a try
harder in chat because I'm at least
trying huh it'd be a little more
definitive on my points not just be a
beta cook every [ __ ] time so I'm on
that it will get better in time yah well
I will I will do better too
when I want to % my points there I'll do
better to try to simulate what this
thing's will call out so I'll have a
stat or a counterpoint ready uh-huh so I
apologize on that right now you can
critique me as you want to hear but I
will learn from this and do better next
time so I appreciate that
okay so well hey if you ever want to do
if you ever want to do a shot like this
cuz I see a lot of people in your chat
talking [ __ ] if you want to like you can
even pull on people or you can bring it
you can tag a friend or whatever and I
can talk more in depth about any
particular thing yeah I'm always
interested in doing that of course
especially now because at this point
like a lot of lefties like don't want to
talk to me anymore so anybody you want
to talk to you about any of these issues
just go ahead and let me know ok but ok
yeah I got a UH and there's another guy
here - I have to get the staff for him
but there's a guy my Chad was like
really bored right now about this whole
like um half of Americans make under
$30,000 a year or less uh-huh I'll have
to get that a form the one I'm seeing
here right now is a thing on here I'm
seeing a twenty eight point four
thousand a year but I'm trying I'm
trying to find I'm gonna work out the
article here I saw so quite quite a
while ago uh I'll get that I'll get that
for him if you want staying at my
chapter the podcasts done but I I
definitely saw that somewhere fairly
recently at all this it was 2016 when I
saw this sighted uh-huh
but it's wanted to know that person chat
person my dad was man I got you I mean
you will talk after my podcast or after
his podcast done we can talk about it
further as far as now back to us though
the DIMM debates here uh-huh
okay me see if I want to go here this
one um well they also share now is like
not known even is important but there
was a point during the debate where
Buddha
was like saying that providing twists by
keeping the option of private care with
was was a thing he was throwing out
there for me I thought was like really
trippin but we can I already cover the
private public option basically yeah
it's a hell and back here um okay you
know okay we'll bring it here we'll
bring the Bates of a closure and then we
can and then you can tell me you want to
keep going on other topics not that are
way way more light winner and losers of
the Bates who do you feel one who do you
feel lost and the last thursday's Jim
debate on ABC News I think of anything
or or if he or if you have a conclusion
from those yeah I think the two I think
Warren looked good I think she did
Castro I think didn't he have a couple
of good moments yes actually a Hooley on
Castro I think was one of the I want to
say witness don't think his pole is
gonna dramatically change to anything is
gonna be tangible towards momentum
especially compared to Andrew yang by
comparison but he did clap Biden really
good on like two really good points and
I don't remember he yeah I remember
either to me that though mmm finit of
loser is definitely by I think Biden
like got the ball really hard here again
and then the ones who who came out the
most here hmm I'm not sure really anyone
beyond who Leon I say probably who Leon
and yang cuz yang the Cooley on you get
some headlines here the rest I feel it
was kind of like the moderation didn't
really lend itself towards anyone else
really shining like it was a lot of the
the 4% in lowers talking a lot a lot
like if you didn't have enough you
surprised me actually you know Cory
Booker had was it either the highest or
the second highest amount of talk time
and I remember a [ __ ] thing he said
that I thought really resonated me at
all it was a lot of like bowery word
salad nonsense no so and I feel like
yeah I was to be totally honest here if
I get is hey to say it's actually it was
boring it was it was very very boring
the our debate yeah so if me and you
were bored I don't know I said I should
say your about you report to you or not
but like I mean you were bored I can't
imagine the average of American probably
just like piecing out within like 35
minutes every hour debate
yeah I wonder what the viewership was
like if it was
anywhere but yeah okay so with that out
the way here would you
so we still have like we have two
noteworthy twitch bands and some context
into a promises nots too boring ban
coverage here but I got two bands and
I'm in a context the band's up and you
might find interesting that I would love
to hear your theory about okay well you
know what what I think it would be good
I'm gonna kill you okay are you ready I
think we could have we hold these really
interesting topics until the next week's
try hugs podcast because I have like
[ __ ] that I have scheduled it on like
over the and this is cool
no no that's fine actually are you
promising not gonna you're not gonna you
know I didn't even get to hear like why
the [ __ ] you were even in France last
with that I actually know nothing about
I wasn't even friends in London dream
when you're not like I don't even know
like are you gonna are you gonna be here
next week actually gonna are you gonna
blend hold on let me check my schedule
you know what I have I have something at
8:30 a.m. and then I have something at
2:30 p.m. I scheduled it specifically
around you
so you're here from 12 all next week I
will be here okay I appreciate that okay
yeah right all right well it so you know
what I'm just happy that we're back I'll
keep that in mind from now on that
debate banter is will happen more often
now so I'm cool with that well we can do
all that next week notice that she is
timely at this point now it's more like
a thing yeah I'm down I'll have written
down in my little here this is
honest-to-god one of the most important
stories that I'm keeping in the back of
my head that people aren't talking about
as much anymore where did you know we're
ninjas viewership settled out because
I've heard people say it's as low as
like 2k now and then I've heard like 6k
okay okay so damn dude alright I'll keep
that one very short for you here so yeah
during Lollapalooza he had 30 K right 30
K was like the peak at mixer I heard
that it bottomed out the following week
to in the 10 to 13 K range I don't know
what it is now it sounds I don't a mixer
mmm-hmm but um but if you know if you
know cool here's something that I heard
like earlier so yeah people I change I
can tell you a little bit of some Juicy
Juice I it's an anonymous
whatever whatever whatever thing but I I
did hear
he's not the only one who's been
approached like either the grapevine
like a lot of people been been
approached actually so it's a matter of
like who's that make that leap with them
if anyone and we'll see where that goes
actually like you know everyone has a
number but what what's what's ex
person's number and how and what's their
like and are they big enough to be able
to like you know survive the platform
transition with our fan base willing to
go to non twitch to consume their what
what they perceive is like you know to
which content essentially yeah but were
you gonna say about about ninja or makes
her further um oh no just in general I
think it's kind of weird one thing I
thought about recently it's kind of
weird how like a lot of people stream
for a long time and just have like the
same viewership for so long
somebody brought that up a while ago and
I never really thought about it like my
viewership is like more or less than
between like two or five thousand for
like the past like 10 years or like
maybe like eight years and there are
other really large streamers that are
pretty similar like I think Esmond gold
for quite a while was between like five
and twenty thousand views for like years
although recently she would walk classic
he grew lyric has been streaming since
like 2015 many as around like fifteen to
twenty five thousand four years summit
has been around like fifteen thousand
channels were like years like yeah
that's kind of like I don't know it's
really interesting me that somebody can
like hold on to like about the same
bureau for like a long long long time
but and I was it's noteworthy because of
what happens there I think is like you
when you stream we do a consistent level
of quality of content for enough one
period of time when quality meets
duration of time you you literally
penetrate your audiences like daily
habit oh yeah but the interesting thing
is like you do lose viewers over time
like I know I lost viewers but you're
like replenishing them as well it's like
it just so happens that like you've
reached an equilibrium where new people
are coming in and all people are going
out like there are names and Shep that I
recognize is like really quick like
average or not like really frequent
shatters now that are relatively new
within like the past year or two and
then other people that I recognize that
have been here for like years and years
and then other people that he don't say
more they used to be really comments I'm
like yeah it's interesting things I
never have seen the quantification
though like I wish it was like a kind of
like oh I got like a like a one
bar where it's like two colors like new
viewer and and veteran viewer and trying
to figure out like at what point are
majority leaving and others coming back
in like that so you keep your 5k viewer
average but how many of those 5k are
returning viewership you get on the
daily versus how many of them are new
is it a 70/30 split 30% new viewers is
it more is it less and has that come
into play whenever you're getting like a
viewership peak like whenever you're
debating somebody like is it more of
your veterans coming in because they
come for the pay-per-view highlight of
that's mean talking on somebody in a
debate or what or is it more of the
spectacle that draws in new people and
not more of the the returning customers
but I say so it's like it's a call to
action of which are a returning customer
coming more tethered to time of day and
and day of the month or is it more about
what you're doing is it timer is it what
you do that determines who comes back
and everything else yeah that's probably
like a combination and it depends on
what you're doing there's probably it's
a probably super variable right yeah
yeah right yeah it's like all these like
cool quantifications of the whole whole
thing and then when you add a platform
transition to the whole thing it's like
well this is a Kanaka unexplored
anything right so unexplored things so
we don't really don't know because it's
such a risky risky thing to do I don't
know honestly okay
but but but you your baby to know topic
here now so I'm have to uh we're going
to do yeah or you can even talk about it
your screen for little bit afterwards
okay all right I love you buddy it's
been fun join us next week cuz I'll be
here for sure
if it doesn't happen next week it's this
guy's fault oh the hundred percent I mom
who don't even put that on me babe I'm
here I'm here one percent all right
thanks I'm trying guys yep we'll catch
you guys next week peace out guys let's
do this or at least one offense e73 you
spend a lot of time like in the first
city and it's on Rails you know what to
do all the time and then
as soon as you leave you're like
