yeah hey hello
like it oh wait can you actually no not
yeah hey that's me we're big fans of you
dudes just wanted to know that before
though sure you dragged me oh hey what's
up okay hi okay we just want to perfect
right so um you can any question we
offer you right you you can feel free
not to answer it you know it's too
personal
I'm an open book they'd ask away ask
anything I'm ready to go dude and right
if you have to go or if there's anything
like you know whenever you wanted to I
got 12 hours I'm ready [ __ ] is my job
all right I have one request Adam and
actually if there are any questions
involving gnomes please don't ask me
them okay it's a dumb [ __ ] meme just
in case they got into here somehow okay
all right I got you okay thanks yeah
that's it well we're filtering through
the questions anyway so none of the dumb
[ __ ] will hopefully get it okay what's
happening here okay already ready to go
in ever you guys alright
do I move back up uh I'll get you one
second okay okay okay all right everyone
thank you for joining us today for the
destiny a the chat provided above
obviously will be your resource for
asking questions we have the one and
only Omni destiny joining us today to
answer all of your questions so we can
get some insight on his life and his
great with veganism obviously I'll be
sure to link his YouTube channel and
description at the end of this that's me
thank you for joining us how about you
start us off with who you are what your
content is centered around what you plan
on doing in the future
hey my name is a destiny in real life I
go by Steve and Bunnell I used to be
video game streamer I still do a lot of
video games but then I've kind of gotten
into politics a lot recently and a lot
of people kind of know me from the
political conversations that I have on
my live stream and on YouTube yeah I so
will just go straight in with like the
questions so the first one comes from
Sir Humphrey and his question is doesn't
democracy and everybody lead to populism
and demagoguery I don't know how to say
that word Jesus that's a heavy [ __ ]
question I don't know it sounds like it
could Christopher a Poli Sci major as
far as I'm aware it because I had
questions about this I was carries from
what I've been told populism comes and
goes basically eventually people get fed
up with the system a populist candidate
comes up everybody supports them and
then after they spend some time in
office people realize they don't get
[ __ ] done and then it kind of goes away
for a little bit but but I mean I don't
know I don't know like theory of
government or how populism or
demagoguery comes it goes demagoguery is
like a thing that's kind of always been
president our politics as long as it's
like an appeal to popularity right
you're always gonna have demagogues so
but yeah I don't know like the the
cyclical nature of populism I don't know
if I like equipped to answer that okay
sure
okay so the second one it comes from
Blackburn and I think he wants to asking
himself so I'm just going to
we okay unmute him right blackburn you
have to chat about burning oh it's just
like why are you against capital
punishment why am i against capital
punishment yeah I guess in general idea
that like um punishment I'm just not a
big fan of like when I look at like
criminal justice I look at any form of
punishment it's supposed to be like
rehabilitation I think like the goal is
to take somebody that doesn't work in
society and make it so they do work in
society like if you look at children or
animals for instance when you punish
them usually the goal is to correct a
behavior so I think that punishment
should kind of you know fit like a model
that corrects behavior and rehabilitates
people capital punishment doesn't seem
to do that I mean I guess unless the
person is literally so far gone that we
think there's no chance of them ever
being rehabilitated in which case but
you know I guess go for it okay okay
sure so this second question this other
question comes from cig natural and I'm
pretty sure yeah you may be familiar
with them is you know from member into
the best in the community so I'll just
be sure to meet him here oh cool all
right yeah what was the one okay yeah do
you still consider yourself an
anti-theist
should the entire world move away from
spiritual thought if so who hike so kay
these are really big philosophy
questions and there are people that have
argued both sides better than I can
so let me preface this by saying this is
my very personal subjective opinion okay
I am very much a materialist
spiritualism or anything like that for a
variety of reasons so personally I think
that more people should move away from
religion that being said I mean religion
offers some value in terms of forming
communities and communities building up
around religion there's a lot of charity
work that goes on religious there's a
lot of like empirical good that's done
by religious organizations I guess I
would argue that I would hope that we
could continue to do that empirical good
without religion and then you know we
can leave the spiritualism and all the
bad stuff that comes with religion
you know as well as the religion but
yeah yeah I guess I got so I guess like
I would answer that like I it would be
cool if we could leave religion behind
and keep like the good acts that we
still do without it I don't
if that's even possible you're my muse
Sam Harris in this regard the police
don't compare me to Harris I [ __ ]
yeah I'm not a big fan of religion
because it comes with a lot of baggage
the problems that if you have to lie to
somebody to make them do something good
then the lies can can lead to bad things
as well I'm so for instance people's
stances on things like abortion or a
stance on like how should we educate
people publicly you know is the earth
6,000 years old and different kind of
weird moral positions that people can
take as a result of their religion and
not any type of actual rational thought
those are all like negative aspects of
religions uh yeah thanks and this one
comes from Justin and Justin once that's
this himself so I'll be sure to the on
media hi Justin oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] home let
me see you a question I had oh yeah
what's your favorite here to play in
league I play Draven most of the time
next one comes from actual communist boy
and what are your thoughts on the
inevitable demise of capitalism due to
the falling rate of profit causing
unceasing econo political crisis oh man
dude these are like these are like above
my paygrade everything I know with a
little bit I know of economics is always
like analysed through a capitalist
lengths of any solutions that it would
give you to things like income
inequality or the uneven distribution of
profits - I guess capitalist people that
own capital in the US I would always try
to solve these through the framework of
capitalism so some sort of redistribute
of government policy or something I
don't know if what comes after
capitalism or if something comes captive
capitalism I just I don't really know
the answer to that question I'm not sure
I think this requires like a pretty
solid understanding of how economies and
governments interact with one another
and I don't know what to that level see
I wasn't lying when I said this as a
community of academics right yeah
I mean yes it's like what Das Kapital is
about the whole thing by Marx isn't he
talk about like what happens after
capitalism and [ __ ] I'm sure he's got
some good things to say on the subject
and while he has a question you'd like
to ask you and he'd like to ask you this
personally so go ahead long all right
cool it what's up all right so all right
this might be a long question
so I'd say I've seen you debate about
you know veganism immorality and I've
heard you say that you don't think
there's objective morality which I agree
with and when we talk about politics I
think pretty much every political
statement you know is at the root comes
from somewhere either you know maybe
it's wealth for the greater good it
helps in those people or you know helps
me it you know ultimately has to come
down to a moral statement and because
you know there's no objective morality
does that mean that there is no
objective political truth like at all
that's basically it well I mean I I
agree with your premise that political
truths are I mean you're essentially
asking questions to philosophy right
anytime we anytime we ask an odd
question it's essentially boils down to
an ethical or a philosophical question
so like what ought we do in society pop
you know for via policy odd we help
people better poor ought we help people
that are homeless or whatever so insofar
as can there be objective political
truths I mean you can make factual like
descriptive claims I guess so for
instance in a democracy people vote for
the government I mean that's a true
statement but if you're asking if we can
make true statements about how
government act like government ought to
take care of you know poor people in
society government ought not interfere
with business I mean I don't think you
can make an objectively truthful claim
there like in a vacuum we have to do it
like under some under some moral
framework that we all agree on in order
to start making like statements of what
government awe do right yeah yeah that's
just hard because a lot of I've seen
what when you debate people a lot of the
time you kind of like and I mean
everyone does it's the kind of you have
to skip over that because it's you don't
want it to but you don't want to go okay
let's debate morality so they'll kind of
disagree on morality but you'll be
debating about politics and stuff and at
the root you guys just disagree so it's
it's hard to debate so that's what I was
asking yeah I think so there
two things don't instead of that one the
debates that I do have nothing to do
with like how like what an intelligent
real-world debate should sound like on
this topic this is something that I
discovered unfortunately really quickly
the I debate like the lowest dredges of
Cepeda tea it's just not even nothing
that I debate should be like reference
was like well this would be like a good
like if somebody would say you know
what's a good position to take on this
form of government I would never
recommend like oh well watch this debate
with Romig millennial or sargon of akkad
or Andy Warsi or get like these are not
good debates it's literally just people
who are too [ __ ] stupid to even talk
about what they're talking about and
then we just kind of shout at each other
for a while they're not productive at
all in that sense
and then the yeah and then the second
part is that I think that I think that
as as a society even though we all kind
of have different fundamental moral
platforms these we share enough in
common that two people of different
platforms can kind of come together and
make an agreement on what like a policy
should be that's kind of the the magic
of society that a religious person an
atheist person could still agree on
certain fundamental tenets for instance
murder and stealing is wrong so we can
make laws that punish people from
murdering and stealing and stuff like
that
now when you get into more gray areas
like well what should taxation look like
what should a social welfare look like
those honestly become questions of a
personal philosophy more and the people
don't argue that which I think they
should but for a lot of the basics I
think we kind of can come to an
agreement on things okay the next
question is normal men so my question
was wouldn't you agree that the left is
responsible for pushing the all ray or
the far right whether you want to call
that underground via shaming tactics and
would you want to stalk the still
licking cartridge debate I go back and
forth on this a lot I actually radically
changed my viewpoint on this a while ago
if you would have watched anything I
said talked about like three or four
years ago I was pretty much like a dave
rubin copy-pasted like the free
marketplace of ideas will always prevail
okay so - okay so two parts so firstly I
do believe that there has probably been
I'm only speaking in the United States I
cannot speak specifically to other
in Western countries okay but I can see
specifically in the United States I feel
like a lot of racist and kind of
disgusting thought I say disgusting kind
of begging the question right from my
point of your disgusting thought has
been kind of shush and pushed
underground a lot in in like the
workplace in Hollywood and all of our
big like culture outlets and I think
that it kind of festered and we didn't
realize it and I think this is kind of
evident during the presidential election
you know there were a lot of times when
even I and I like to consider myself
like pretty understanding of most people
there were a lot of statements that
Trump said where I was like okay wow
this is way too extreme you know even
for Republicans like people are gonna be
okay with this type of thought however
not only were people okay with it a lot
more people than we thought would be
okay with it we're okay with it so it's
obvious that shush it and just kind of
pushing it under the carpet doesn't seem
to work as well as we would want it to
because you know almost half the country
is still in favor of trap or voted for
him at least I don't know ice approvals
like 40% now but um so I don't know in
terms of shutting it I don't know I
don't think that seems to be a great
tactic now for the second part in terms
of like debating it the big problem that
I run into is a lot of people are either
intentionally dishonest which is
something that I have to deal with so
much is people taking things I say out
of context misquoting me and attributing
to me statements that I've never made or
don't support and a lot of people are
grossly ill-equipped to have these
conversations and I think that these two
things do a great damage to the public
discourse so for instance I mean we can
look at this
the Tony is it Tony Robinson Robin toe
with a guy that just got arrested in the
UK do you know his name it's Tony
Robbins right Tommy Roberts yeah like
marooned like kind of like right-leaning
or center or skeptic leaning circles you
know he was arrested because of free
speech like he was arrested because he's
a because because they didn't like his
political views like oh wow okay that's
a whole different conversation then he
was a less arrested because of a law in
the UK that makes it so that you can gag
certain reporting on on different types
of lawsuits for a certain amount of time
those are two totally different
conversations you know and and I think
there is a valid conversation to be had
about the UK's practice here but you
can't even have that conversation
because so many people are lying about
why he actually got arrested so like in
terms of like a free marketplace of
ideas it's really hard to make that work
when one side is so [ __ ] dishonest
about every [ __ ] thing they say and
this is the issue that I have with like
Trump right now
again to go back like free marketplace
of ideas okay well Trump just tweeted a
three million illegal immigrants to
voted in the election with absolutely no
evidence like how is this a marketplace
of ideas when I have to engage with
people that on ironically think that
there's like five hundred thousand buses
of immigrants being bused into places
and nobody saw it like this is
ridiculous you know wait am I allowed to
say yeah so next question comes from Evy
and it's about transgenderism
go ahead BV hey there I was just
wondering what your thoughts are on
transgenderism in like American society
and why you would sort of hold certain
opinions about transgender people wait
what's your pinyons just your opinions
on like how they can exist in society
why they would why they would exist
I guess it's so this is this is actually
something that I've been like wrestling
with quite a bit recently this is a I
don't know how like an depth you like I
should answer this I guess um to be
somewhat brief I mean like I'm pretty
big on everybody doing whatever they
want to do as long as they're not
hurting anybody as far as I'm aware as
far as the APA is concerned the most
effective ways to to quote unquote treat
my guest gender dysphoria which is the
the incredibly discomforting feeling you
get when your body doesn't match what
you think it should that some of the
most effective ways to treat that are
things like transitioning so I mean as
long as that remains the case which is
what I believe it is right now I mean
I'm in support of anybody doing what
they need to do to not kill themselves
and to feel better about themselves so
that I guess that's like I'm like a
medical treatment point of view in terms
of like stuff like like bathrooms and
whatnot I don't really I don't know I
don't a lot of these I just don't care
about like Republicans talking about
like transgender people going into
bathrooms and raping kids and it just
sounds really [ __ ] stupid to me for
instance like I wouldn't want to send my
girl into a little bathroom with a fully
grown man it's like okay well I have
your old son should I be scared of
setting him into a bathroom with a full
agreement like I don't know these
arguments all make sense so I mean I'm
okay with people using whatever
bathrooms they want yeah I guess those
are like my answers in like a policy
point of view did you want something
different or okay yeah sure okay this
one comes from me I wanted to ask you if
you could elaborate on your contention
with the LGBTQ community and they need
to categorize you not think collective
identity or labels is important for
marginalized groups oh this is something
I've had to wrestle with a lot over the
past couple years it's it's probably
important I guess like the the two
things that I struggle with is you have
the world as you want it to be and then
the world as it is
and sometimes I argue a little bit too
much concerning a world that I would
want to exist rather than what we have
now I mean like I would argue that I
think that you shouldn't need to label
yourself in order to get some kind of
value out of yourself that that labels
and belonging to groups and all of that
just kind of stifles like individual
thought and I would argue that it's
generally a negative thing that I think
being as individual as possible is
generally a good thing I say that though
however and I mean I make my whole
living being an individual and I'm also
not part of any marginalized or
oppressed group as far as I know except
for being a gamer which is the most
oppressed group so I mean it's easy for
me is kind of like a white straight guy
to say that I do acknowledge that there
are probably benefits so I guess let me
do kind of an agreeable statement I
acknowledge that there are benefits if
