yeah I don't know just [ __ ] you know
what I want I want to get your opinion I
don't know if you've talked we know
you've probably talked about I've never
talked to you about this but this is
totally off topic but it just told her
is I I had a huge fight with my
boyfriend about this okay not a huge
fight we're fine it's all good but look
we were really not great and I will send
you basically have you seen stand by me
no I haven't you've never seen stand by
me okay fast it's a really good film you
should watch it watch this clip okay
it's it's not a meme I swear to god just
watch this and tell me if this the child
gives a good performance if the child
gives a good performance yes it's not a
meme it looks like I mean it's not I
mean I'm watching there are too many of
them what are we going to do
[Music]
do you think that's a good performance I
mean I mean good as I would expect from
like a [ __ ] four or five year old
okay okay and now compare it tell me of
this is a better performance okay
skip to like like fifty seconds in and
watch like five seconds came to school
let's just say I stole the milk money
but all any Simon stole it back for me
just suppose that I told the story me
Chris Chambers kid brother to eyeball
chambers do you think that anyone would
have believed it and do you think that
that [ __ ] would have dared tried
something like that if they've been one
of those douche bags from up on the view
of okay am i understanding this is the
boy on the left is he trying to convince
the boy on the right of something he's
trying to like con him into something or
like ticket oh no no no no he the guy on
the left is like known as around town as
being a total like you know a bad guy
don't want your kids hanging out with
this this guy cuz he's related to a
brother Oh some people make bad
assumptions about him myself oh yeah and
he's like well I did take the milk money
but I did try to return it by huh and
the person I returned it to use it to
buy their own dress and if I were to try
to tell some of this they'd all not
believe the money is you know I'm I mean
like these kids are like are these kids
like nine or ten am I crazy
no no guy on the left is fifteen in this
this case fifteen years old okay that's
River Phoenix
no but he looks very young guys are like
stars in the 90s okay he he looks
incredibly young but okay so the guy
lost weight so what am I in the
brightest [ __ ] have you seen Star
Trek no next-gen yes okay wait okay so
why am I looking in this okay do you
think that the second performance is
better than the first um kind of yeah I
mean
he's kind of like three times the age no
no look look my my boyfriend was arguing
that the first one was a great
performance but that I couldn't
appreciate it because I didn't know the
Star Wars backstory and he explained
that the deadpan delivery of the kid was
because apparently like they were
trained as younglings to be emotionless
and and not you know allow their
emotions to overtake them and this seems
[ __ ] to me because a performance to
be good or not regardless of whether or
not you've read all the deep [ __ ]
lore behind it right I mean I want to
agree with you but that first clip is
like not the scene - that's this is a
relationship deal breaker for me me I'm
sorry that's mine of the dumbest tank
I've ever heard in my entire life
my take oh no no there's other thing
wait what it's like literally the shitty
child actor there's nothing greater
being conveyed here other than that's
the best I could get the child to act at
the time do you believe in objective
aesthetics hold on I think I have to to
some extent when you say objective
aesthetics are you saying that if we
were all like perfectly rational beings
that somehow we could probably come
together and decide that there are some
objective criteria by which we can judge
I mean like in a basic yeah in a basic
way but I'm sure there's also a
subjective beauty as well but I'm sure
there's some objective beauty does any
of that make sense what I just said do
you think one of these performance is
going to be objectively superior than
the other like you did music and stuff
right do you think one composition is
can be objectively better than the other
no you have to say with respect to
something I'm pulling the ask yourself
thing here but about like from one song
to another what I could do is I could
evaluate it based on like or these
instruments used correctly is there a
good variance and in dynamics or you
know was the arrangement you know
effective you know where the instruments
court in such a way that you know you
right I like there are things that we
can talk about there but I don't know if
you could ever say like one piece of art
is is objectively better to another
piece of art okay I think I disagree
with that
mostly because I tie into some common
[ __ ] no no no no well well if you
believe because doesn't wouldn't is his
Connors this virtual way to con isn't
work for to ethics is he no okay the
idea that um Kant's the one that says
that um if you like if I were to walk to
perfectly hyper rational individuals in
two separate rooms and I were to tell
both of them to device with Wallis moral
systems they would come up with the same
thing every time right if they were the
most intelligent people ever some [ __ ]
right yeah I mean Aristotle would say
the same thing too though the thing is
is that like I feel like it might be
possible to derive things like moral
fact like like I don't because obviously
that should have stupid as a [ __ ]
Connor state was like but if I was to
believe in that I think I could believe
in that that moral fact is something
that could be discovered and
independently to people to come up with
a probe a moral system and still believe
that aesthetics are much more subjective
I think so I think they can be
subjective but i i i don't like i
honestly i it's not like i'm I study
aesthetics right but my own sort of take
is that like beauty is gonna be linked
to the good in some way right so if a
piece of art causes for simplifies under
utilitarian system causing immense
amounts of harm then we wouldn't say
that it's a beautiful piece of art that
would somehow be tied to the ugliness of
the piece of artwork you know and so
objectively some has objectively way so
your objective measures the amount of
good or bad caused by a piece of art
yeah I think we could do something like
that
and this would in it in a way account
for sort of a lot of the a lot of the
experiences that we have regarding art
and how there does seem to be some kind
of universal well Universal acknowledged
of some type of Objectivist that a thank
you I mean I think there is like there
is some like you know the whole yes
evolving ratios yeah so this is kind of
like the this is like the objective
versus this subject or Sarah it's like I
think I think something that can be said
is like objectively there seems to be
certain features that were drawn to so
for instance like a symmetrical face or
like a uh or like the the shape of a
woman's like hips or breasts that these
might be like objective things but like
past that it seems that there are so
many other things that we can find
beautiful or ugly based on how light
culture or society influences us so for
instance the average weight of like a
woman or a man in terms of what's
considered beautiful changes based on
your experience in society like where
larger women were seen a sexier back in
the Greek days or like women that were
have paler skin versus Tanner skin now
or even if we compare like women in the
90s to women today the Pamela Anderson
type versus the girl-next-door type it
seems like our subjective standards past
some like very foundational objective
like foundations seem to change a lot do
you think or no well maybe but then I'd
ask and I don't personally believe this
but there are people that will argue
that you know being fat is something
objectively wrong because it's poor for
your health
until in that way they would be linking
the beautiful you know fit or healthy
figure in with the good because it
causes on average the most good for the
individual who is of that body type
right it seems like you're going down a
really weird road though like I'm sure I
go find you like that overall a society
would be like if we're still using like
utilitarian criteria we've not said that
we're still or especially virtue ethics
this would totally be a virtue ethics
line but that society would be in some
way better if everyone was of a healthy
sort of body type yeah but I mean like I
feel like so like let's say that I were
to find you like I'm linking film noir
and let I know let's say that I were to
find you like a really cool picture
something that has like an awesome the
way that it looks is really sick it
makes you feel good it's awesome
but there's like a character smoking in
it like is this like now and objectively
bad
I don't know I mean I was just having
this discussion because look I don't
watch anime okay at all
I don't know if you've ever had this
discussion before okay people but I I
have railed against I know I'm gonna
lose a lot of people get really angry
here but I think a lot of anime is not
good
anybody not good like morally it is not
good just some of the [ __ ] I've seen
okay I it's it reinforces really bad
things this is gonna be true of
literally all media made in all of
history
absolutely I'm absolutely saying that
but I'm just saying for example there
are animes that might have a good story
for example and I'm not saying all anime
look i watch this anime or something
called like mushishi it was great it was
about a guy who's finding little spirits
in the sky and he like Broca it was
great but there is this also this other
film where it's literally [ __ ] what was
the UH there's a [ __ ] photo of the
cover oh yeah something like this I
don't know if you'd have to do like a
utilitarian calculus here to figure out
like if the good outweighs the bad but
say you take like a photo like this or
something and there's like there's a lot
that you could maybe appreciate here
right you've got kind of the the quasi
androgynous style of the woman she's got
like the short hair she's not
necessarily showing off womanly features
but then you still have like a subtly
Fenneman face you've got like nice
makeup on the eyes you've got a look off
camera that makes you think that she's
either looking appreciatively or
lovingly at somebody you've got the
cigarette that maybe show she's kind of
like a rebel or whatever sitting in kind
of a nonchalant posture I don't know
like there's a lot that you could
appreciate about this picture but if you
see somebody smoking is it like [ __ ]
[ __ ] this picture it's like evil or what
like I I think that would that could be
bit oh well I think it's bad because it
seems to reinforce something negative in
a way it seems to legitimize smokey and
some pet well bit like look I found the
my fight oh okay well here's a question
okay share why here yeah I can do that
[ __ ] look at this [ __ ] apparently has
a great story aesthetically
very nice but [ __ ] look at it I mean
who kid it looks like a standard harem
anime isn't it I don't know I don't know
these these lingos O'Hare I'm is like
you basically have some loser main
character boy that for no reason for no
explicable reason is surrounded by like
100 cutie pie anime girls that are all
like super obsessed with him and trying
to get in his pants and that way like a
viewer that watches anime that might be
loose in real life can identify with and
go oh cool maybe I can be surrounded by
cutie by anime girls it's basically it's
like the male version of Twilight yeah
it's so people tell me it's an amazing
anime like the story is fantastic and
I'm like so what is the relationship
between him and the girl so they will
essentially they fall in love with him
because he provides help to them like
with home worker you know no maybe but
it's it seems like it's all just for one
just [ __ ] look at the way the poster
is I see it it looks like a standard
harem anime I mean look at like
something like like a like Tenchi Muyo
or like I'm sure there's like a million
like MOU a [ __ ] animes I should
probably not be the image searching that
I don't know if everyone ignore him
even if half even if two of them are the
only ones that love him I don't give a
[ __ ] you know whatever like ah I don't
understand how someone could possibly
you know try to justify and I got into
this discussion about well it doesn't
count because they are fictional
characters no that's done that's done
that's not me hi can we can i let's let
me take can I take the anita sarkisian
position here because i think it's the
best way to look at us we can immerse
you sure it's some feminist critique
that every camera gear bro [ __ ] hates
and I hit her - I - you stupid but one
of the lines that she gives very often
is that we can both appreciate and
cherish an art while simultaneously
being critical about it's more
problematic natures can we do that I
think that's okay so like for instance
you have you heard of the Metal Gear
Solid games yeah yeah I love that one
okay cool I love Metal Gear Solid games
but the main character smokes like I can
appreciate that game and I can
appreciate all the cool qualities of
main character while simultaneously
recognizing that smoking is a shitty
thing to do and you shouldn't do it
right
that's true but the other thing is do
people playing Metal Gear Solid think
smoking is cool I mean some of them
might but like I get really
uncomfortable I make this anime I'm I'm
I mean I could there are studies that
show the people who watch stuff that has
a bunch of sexual objectification they
do tend to internalize there has to be I
don't like this world there has to be
like a way like I want art that has like
cool themes and edges that [ __ ] in it I
don't want to have to cut all of that
out because some people might not be
able to responsibly like anime
discussion okay is anime is this anime
bad to watch and should people be
condemning them well it's not a matter
of if the enemy's bad to watch you're
asking if it has problematic material
that might manifest in a real life bad
attitude to be race right and it's
possible evidence yeah sure but like I'm
really uncomfortable the idea of saying
that we need to totally discard that we
can qualify some art as wholly bad
because of um because of the way that
some people engage with it I don't know
I really don't like that idea like but
what if what if for example instead of I
mean this is a very crude example but
instead of women it was like a bunch of
black people right okay and and it and
and instead of it being women it was
black people who we've been fall in love
with the main character because he
perfected because that white character
helps them you know it's just the white
man's burden sort of think would what
would you say then I mean it depends if
it's a good anime or not against what do
you mean if it reinforces that really
unhealthy stereotype do you think a
white man has to come down and help the
black people do you like really what you
can't with a girl look uh no I don't
[Music]
yeah and I I'm just not I'm just the row
that this goes down it makes me very
uncomfortable
why because I don't like the idea of
saying we have to excise forms of art
because there are problematic aspects to
it I would have liked literally almost
every single piece of art that I loved I
have to like say is bad it needs to be
gone like almost every single piece of
art I appreciate my life has to go
[ __ ] if there's ever a point where
media or a form of television can be
basically be take
not the air for moral reasons um man
when it comes to things like art I would
I don't know I don't I really don't like
that idea really there's you can't
imagine a single possibility where I
mean if it's ridiculous yeah sure I
guess like if you have like art and
you're literally like I would say like
I'm even uncomfortable saying this but
like you could make an argument that the
responsibility of the artist is to
ultimately convey a positive message at
the end you might use problematic means
to get there there might be problematic
aspects to your media but no I don't
know like like have you seen like the
wire or no I feel like I literally feel
like literally every single thing I like
has to be gone then because you could
argue the wire promotes racism a racist
stereotypes Game of Thrones has been
arrow saving all the brown people is
like the white goddess final fan every
JRPG is loaded with problematic issues
in terms of stereotyping certain people
but I mean I think it's just there's
there is a general cultural issue in
Japan as far as and I'm you correct me
if I'm wrong there is a there's
definitely a cultural distinction
between you know Japanese media and in
forms of Western media which I think
also chat I'm just I'm me in some ways
but it in some ways in some ways words
know each other please don't [ __ ] it up
Chad okay Roger [ __ ] Chad okay in some
ways you're right but in other ways
Japan has been like way further ahead of
the curve of like Western media for
instance in Japan role-playing games and
in Japanese or opiate playing games
they've been writing good female
protagonists for for infinitely longer
than the West has been doing like good
female protagonist in movies for
instance right like so I mean like there
might be parts of Japanese culture that
you would arguably lag behind in terms
of progressive values but if there are
other parts that are also really really
far ahead so I mean I don't know I I
don't know I'm skeptical of over what
this type of stuff just ultimately
because of what is what is the need what
is ultimately the need for that when you
could easily do it in a way that has I
don't know I'm not combinative
expressing any
for art its art what do you think about
like sexual objectification in general I
mean I think it's bad but so then if
there's a show that like for example do
you think that Miss Universe should
exist um probably not but that doesn't
feel like ours that's like a capitalist
like cash job is it is a form of a TV
show
yeah it's televised they make money off
of it I mean I guess we can start
running down the continuum fallacy and
you could know me here but like I don't
know if I would consider like reality TV
in the same scope of like this is art
versus like a film that might have
problematic aspects to it like I don't
know like if I'm gonna sit here and I'm
gonna tell you that like some like old
like some old like Japanese film is like
has a really positive really awesome
message is really good like Mishima or
whatever some [ __ ] is like really good
even though it like maybe has bad
displays of like women and then you're
gonna be like okay well what about
Jersey Shore is up I don't know if these
are like the same thing I don't even
know if one necessarily exists in the
vein of what I would consider like
worthy art or not but I but I mean I
guess we would have to start hammering
out like why is one and not the other
I just for example when I start watching
cuz I'd be recommended so many anime by
people and you all watch the first
episode I just I feel deeply
uncomfortable when you have these really
sexist misogynistic tropes that are
inserted over and over and over and over
again and you don't see that same thing
in Western media anymore not to the
extent that it's done currently oh is
there even Western animation zero I
don't want kids I'm not trying to but
like well anime is also targeted towards
oh no I guess no that's probably true
cuz like [ __ ] like Teen Titans and [ __ ]
right usually I was like female and I
guess like Adventure Time probably has
like that's probably true sure yeah
that's probably just it's absolutely not
sexualized you don't the type of sexual
ization that exists in eastern mediums
yeah no no yeah no I probably agree yeah
not the same for the left and people
saying it's not sexist of course it it
is sexist there I think there's sexism
inherent in the industry that we see but
the type of roles that women portray in
fictional medium
are going to be drastically different to
the ones that happen in anime and of
course there's always gonna be
exceptions but the point persists that I
mean women have to be you know I mean
the Wes is just getting to the point
where I think it's a lot better than it
used to be but in an I don't know I
don't know how our sitcoms are though
compared to like our young animated
shows right wouldn't you argue that our
sitcoms are still a pretty problematic
if you compared to things like the Big
Bang Theory or something yeah but I
think even I mean I'm not an avid
watcher of the Big Bang Theory but as
far as I know they've evolved those
characters to where they are even self
referencing they're you know you know
what they start to do or maybe I mean
like you can think you can kind of like
you can push for like people to make
like better anime or things that have
like better or plague that better
reflect the values of the time but I
don't think that means that everything
prior to that has to be Wacom has
resurfaced encyc holy bad or something
but like you know for example um like
what is it virtual novels right there's
they're they're these virtual this is a
day I might lose a lot of people here
but do you think this is not gonna be
weird for you because you've talked
about pedophilia before but look do you
think that there are certain types of
anime and these virtual comics that are
basically I mean I don't know how you
can't acknowledge this that are
basically dog whistling some form of
child but I'm not gonna lie I didn't
even know visual novels were like real
mediums I thought it was you just play
those to jerk off I didn't actually know
that people played like watch those on
ironically so I know I
yeah that's what I thought I thought
that visual novels were all just that
but I don't have enough experience of
them I guess so I mean there's a I know
a bunch I'd not name because I don't
want to try to pronounce stuff where I
mean these people look like they are
it's the whole like oh it's a 2000 year
old demon me you know what I'm talking
about
sure I mean like look at the whole genre
of like male anime right like it's like
the schoolgirl [ __ ] oh yeah right okay
exactly that do you think that that how
can
like why do you have to have that why I
mean that's garbage but I mean a lot of
people in Japan a lot of people in Japan
even have recognized that that's garbage
right did the reason why a lot of the
animators I mean like so we would have
to start digging through like no no not
the average person but like I hear that
like even animators complain about this
[ __ ] because the reason why a lot of
this garbage gets mass-produced is
because the people that are fans of it
like spent so much money on like
merchandise and shed that like people
that like obsess over those types of
animes will buy like all the [ __ ]
figurines all the [ __ ] shirts and all
the [ __ ] mangas and [ __ ] because they
spent so much [ __ ] money that Studios
would churn out this garbage because
people will buy it like yeah I mean like
cuz if you actually look at the body
types of it in a young schoolgirl
whatever you want to call them anime
figures they are made to look like
children right yeah that is the actual
body proportion maybe yeah I mean big
head small body that's that is that's
what makes someone look childlike is
that proportion that's exactly why they
do it as opposed to a more accurate
adult sort of a body type which has a a
far more smaller head in comparison to
the rest of the body that's that's
literally why they were gonna be like
really I'd say get to be really careful
though because we cuz you could also be
like this is kind of like Asian women as
well right like smaller booty smaller
boobies like are we like enforcing like
a Western no I'm talking about the
specific body proportions
Asian we okay no if you look at an Asian
woman and you compare it to the type of
like virtual novel girls I'm talking
about it's not even comparable it's not
so no I mean like okay okay let's skip
like that 90% I agree that there's a lot
of problematic aspects for a lot of
media obviously this isn't like
everybody agrees with us or should right
yeah do you not think that this was so
do you think that consuming this media
by paying for it is immoral then I like
I can't I'd the thing is I like I can't
agree with you I'm too dug into my
position like if I agree with you then
literally every piece of media that I
love and I love to consume is bad and I
should let's say everyone could seems
this type of media what do you think
that outcome is I mean maybe this is my
extreme liberalism talking but my goal
would be that we could both
simultaneously enjoy media while
recognizing
Matic aspects of it we know that this
type of consumption reinforces sexual
objectification and it internalizes and
dehumanizes these people that's what
sexual objectification does well maybe
society and advant maybe society
progresses to a point to where this type
of stuff isn't like made as much anymore
in the future than I guess and it's not
as the guys or whoever you want who
watch it it's a lot of time the women of
course they say yes obviously I
understand but like why can't we get
disorders yeah why can't we get to the
point to where we like as society
changes we see different types of media
that's produced and then that's fine
like but that's that's not that's just
not how it works people well that is you
know that women see this stuff on the
television and they think well I have to
meet that standard because that is what
people now but now media but now that
society is progressing a lot of media is
progressing as well right we don't see
like black base quite sure I'm sure
even in Japanese [ __ ] I'm sure that it's
changed a lot over there like previous
years if I can sort out online and
there's like a million different [ __ ]
enemies now that have like strong like
female leads and [ __ ] now a lot of them
still might be like fairly sexualized
although in the West I mean you could
argue even some of the outfits and [ __ ]
maybe not as much as they were 10 years
ago are still somewhat sexualized but
like I mean I'm sure it will progress
like I don't think we can say like since
anime hasn't changed significantly in 10
years Japanese culture is stuck like in
a [ __ ] Museum I'm sure it'll like
change over time I I don't know if
started online as a good example or not
I just see clips of girls fighting with
swords I don't know anything about a lot
of [ __ ] animes ok I mean it just it
seems so incredibly like I just think
sexual ization in general is something
that's this is probably one of the most
like progressive things that I have are
just extremely uh harmful and I mean
there are studies showing this that ok
so do you think that like we should like
get rid of all media that has any
problematic aspects to it I think when
it's done in a in a certain manner it
can be fine for example a a like for
example depicting racism in a historical
context not for like I was gonna say I'm
a [ __ ] Tarantino um but case feels
like Tarantino puts him it just because
he wants to what's a good example of
bleeding racism
any context or like for example like
Schindler's List right like that is
depicting racism right but you know
boring boring boring boring you're not
answering the question do you think that
we should because this isn't problematic
the racists are the bad guys in that
movie so this clearly is not a
problematic portrayal what I'm asking
you as if all problematic media should
be considered like a moral ethical well
yeah but that this you're not giving
problematic examples you're giving a
positive examples where you're mocking
finally there are definitely examples
where there are the good guy acts in not
so more ways but we can then look at the
historical context in which he's
operating we could say okay that's not
so bad
and I think it if we can do that because
enough time has passed where we can now
reflect upon these you know these films
and sure I saw like do you think like
the old James Bond films should all be
considered like a moral because of
James's treatment of women no because I
will for example I think that we can now
look back upon those films and place
them in their historical context and I
think the average person say ooh so were
they immoral because him at the time
pardon
were they immoral to consume at the time
no I would say no wait then why can't we
do the same with enemy now what do you
mean why can't we watch anime now and
say like oh well this represents it
because that has I have not seen
progression on that front if anything
I've seen it gotten worse come on do you
really feel qualified to talk about this
because like we neither of us have seen
like that much anime do you really think
look I feel very competent in my anime
knowledge just quiz me like there's a
lot of [ __ ] anime but there's also like
a lot of like arguably what about like
attack on Titan wouldn't you couldn't
you argue that that's like a somewhat
progressive anime like isn't a strongest
girl that [ __ ] is it isn't like one
of the strongest characters that [ __ ]
pop O'Hara see the ninja chick okay this
is like one of most popular [ __ ]
animes like one of the most mainstream
accessible [ __ ] animes have unis an
attack on Titan I've seen I don't know
what the [ __ ] that is if it doesn't have
an English dub to it I've probably never
seen it okay well what about like lion
have you seen steins gate I've seen
parts of Stein's okay so like the first
season of steins gate I would argue does
like an arguably I'm trying to think of
older anime that blatantly overly
sexualized like characters to the point
where they do it now because obviously
as anime has grown there's been there's
now a lot more
available and as such I think the amount
of troubling material now is greater
than it ever has been simply because the
industry is as big as it is now so like
for example you I don't think there was
any sort of like sexual ization in
legends of the Galactic Heroes or
anything for example what I mean that's
but like if you look at older anime will
go ones that have approached America
yeah so things like Cowboy Bebop or like
have you heard of like outlaw star yeah
yeah so like these all have like a
fanservice episode where like that the
crew goes to like a hot spring and you
got like the booby titty scenes from
like the anime girls and [ __ ] like yeah
and like tension a movie oh I'm sure
there were more like harem animes that
existed back in the day as well like
yeah I like I I get that there there
will be like specific examples of stuff
but again I think that the amount of
content out there to literally please
people who want to jack off its fart or
what if we like I'm like DBZ Dragonball
Z back in the day I don't know if there
was a single female protagonist no but
I'm talking about sexual ization right
now wait I thought we were talking about
like strong female leads or whatever oh
no no I'm talking about sexual ization
of females not strong female people okay
back in the day Bulma was sexualized
hardcore in the anime Dragon Ball there
are multiple scenes of her life that is
an example yeah but nowadays like on the
newer Dragon Ball Z's you have like
female protagonists you've got like
Super Saiyan well everyone's a [ __ ]
super dude I'm talking about specific
enemies that are literally designed I
think in a way to appeal to these people
who just wanna you know wank off to I
mean like this is such a complicated
conversation like yeah so I'm gonna make
like some a couple of [ __ ] guesses
they complicate this conversation and
then I don't even know we can truly talk
about this one okay I'm pretty sure that
if you wanted to make an anime back in
the day that [ __ ] was a lot of [ __ ]
work so you needed a studio behind you
you need to like people with talent
passion Drive you needed people that
really wanted to put this [ __ ] together
it was really really difficult to do the
that's why I like if you watch a lot of
old animation it's still it like it
stands the test of time right like if
you watch like Akira or have you watched
like the rurouni kenshin OVA is like
these are things that are made in like
the [ __ ] 90s or sometimes earlier and
they still look good
but these days with digital animation
and everything it's possible to [ __ ] out
15 million [ __ ] [ __ ] ass [ __ ]
animes and if you can make money doing
it people are probably a lot more likely
to do it now than they ever were in the
past that could be one reason that
explains like the the massive amounts of
like [ __ ] anime today compared to like
back you know 20 or 30 years ago like
this is like a capitalism thing more
than a culture thing I'm getting pings
out of the wazoo
destiny digital animation is barely used
the vast majority of anime is still
drawn on paper is that true I would be
shocked if that was true it's possible I
guess but I would be shocked maybe like
Miyazaki films or whatever are but for
like average like anime there's no way
that's not true no everyone's saying no
that's right well hold on what's like a
modern-day anime how hard are heard
hotline draw wait what am I thinking of
I can't think I started online what's
thrown with like the crazy graphics and
the girl with the sword and she fights
like the thing and it was like this is
like the best animated thing ever
is it not sorry I don't like what am I
thinking of Psychopaths or something Oh
fate fate/stay night that was the anime
I was thinking of does that have good
female let's see kill a kill let's see
what the the woman looks like oh my god
the first video that what the [ __ ] is
this what is this killer what the [ __ ]
is this dude [ __ ] look at this this
is a bodied anime what the [ __ ] I can't
believe it
I didn't think it could be as bad but
it's really that bad holy [ __ ] you see
that the [ __ ] oil again yeah Ice Man
what the [ __ ] man like why is that
necessary except to have people jerk off
to it well that the ground
a lot of it is used for right and don't
you think that is like somehow it
reinforces these very negative yeah sure
okay hold on though we're getting into
like really different [ __ ] now like if
you want to talk about like a little
[ __ ] [ __ ] anime that's made for
just people to jerk off to I'd say like
yeah this is done it's not a it's not
one of those as far as I knew I don't
know I don't know what Killick I feel
like I can't I can't I can't do this to
my enemy I just don't know if I am gonna
do this like Ram should go on that anime
let's say good it's a problem and a lot
of people a lot of animes are very much
like that what to what
would you support some sort of boycott
against this type of of medium
wait what do you guys think is this
drawn with like a this is drawn with a
pencil and like colors and [ __ ] there's
no way is it
oh it's digital yeah you [ __ ] off okay
Hassan says kill the kills incredibly
well drawn and I liked it but a weirded
me out because the girls were legit
drawn to look like hyper sexual 14 year
olds exactly exactly
they're it's at all females are in
mainstream anime from what I've seen and
please give me count four examples no we
can't do that I mean I don't I hear you
know us on your stream because I don't
know well no no no I'm not I didn't mean
that like actually gave me count
examples I'm saying like I'm hoping to
be being wrong on this but as far as I
know hyper sexualization seems to be the
norm of a Fenian anime that's probably
true yeah for sure yeah I would say they
like behind yeah sure but I don't think
that means that that the genre is wholly
bad or that even animes are hyper
sexualized are like wholly bad like I
think you can still take some
entertainment out of these things and
recognize the problematic aspects of it
well so so this this is the question
that I have and this is the one of my
friends who's really an enemy basically
agreed with me on all of this but he
said yeah we can consume it in a way
that we don't give money to the people
that produce it so we don't reinforce
the industry but we can consume it
individually you know through pirating
or whatever and then we have to
simultaneously
be open to criticising defaults of it in
my counter to this is that well quite
frankly no one does that people the
average person it consumes this type of
[ __ ] does does not criticize it never
never engages and and criticizes the
hypersexuality of these type of
characters because if they were if they
were to eat to you know a reasonable
extent then there they wouldn't keep
producing the stuff over and over and
over again right I don't know if
boycotting the media necessarily helps
here see like people saying here for
example they kill kills an allegory for
puberty oh you know I don't care okay
wrap it up but like no but that's a good
point because a lot of people say that
there's all there's actually no no no
that's not a good point though because
you're obviously by the crack does it
snow okay so go other stuff with your
final argument
well like I don't know I'm trying to get
with your opinion is on this I I'm just
my opinion is that like I just I'm too
entrenched in my opinion to say that I'm
going to say that every single piece of
media that I consume and love is immoral
that's just an extreme position I'm
saying I'm not saying it's like there
are moral aspects uh but of course
that's gonna be good aspects about it
like a great story
in you know it's like I've seen some
really awesome anime obviously but there
are certain animes like the one I linked
to properly all the girls sitting on the
on the yeah I don't disagree with any of
this I complain about say like hentai
for instance I complain about this all
the time because it furthers like really
really stupid tropes like right I
typically don't watch it don't you think
that people should have some type of
moral responsibility to one not give
money to the people that produce it and
to be very vocal along issues of it so
that it changes I mean you can be vocal
about it sure and you can say that you
want something different sure I guess I
just I don't know what is your what is
your ultimate position on this well just
that okay yeah I think I'm okay with it
right so so you know yeah do you know
like the game like Nier automata yeah
did you play that game or did you watch
enough annoying I didn't play okay this
is a game that I do love this game was
[ __ ] amazing I was incredibly
disappointed the depiction of the main
characters I thought was really [ __ ]
stupid I don't write and so did you
vocally yeah I thought it was like
really stupid yeah I thought I did you
pay for the game yeah of course like I
loved enough of it I loved like the
other aspects of it just because there's
one problematic aspect I don't think I
would say like this game like isn't it
entitled to my money I don't know I yeah
so again I vote for example I think
that's a different type of scenario as
to the anime that I was talking about
where it's a it's a continue because
that wasn't no no I agree that's why
that's what I just said earlier like I
agree with that if you're gonna talk to
me about like [ __ ] spam [ __ ] anime
that's like just like one montage your
shitty horrible [ __ ] tropes have no
redeeming qualities well like yeah of
course I'm listen you're calling this
[ __ ] spam but as soon as I brought up
that one animate every was like oh it's
such a good anime in your chat right
these aren't to you I understand these
are [ __ ] spam animes but there's a
[ __ ] ton and ton a ton of okay if
it's a [ __ ] spam in it yeah but like so
I'm talking about is these types of
anime okay what do you wait wait what
are you asking I don't know what you're
asking what is a prescriptive action
you're asking for me again would well we
do not say that everyone that watches
that type of thing to one not give money
to the producers of that and to to to
boycott the negative aspects of it and
say I'm not gonna support you unless you
you know change the anime to for example
not sexualized women in the way that
you're doing I guess I I don't know I
just wouldn't watch it and I would hope
that like people just wouldn't watch it
if it was that [ __ ] well I'm not talking
you don't watch it so you don't really
have any obligation here I'm talking
about the people that actively consume
it well it sounds like they don't give a
[ __ ] about it these are the type of
people anything you're saying about it
I'll talk about the they still have an
odd you know yeah but it sounds like
they are disagreeing with you like on
fundamentals that they they wouldn't
even agree do that it's problematic
right oh but I'm just talking to you
right now I mean yeah I think that those
people should probably change the way
they are but my problem isn't with the
media they consume because if they
weren't the way they were then I would
say you can consume even whatever you
want like for instance like I think if I
wanted to I could go jerk it to a bunch
of like really [ __ ] hentai that has like
a lot of shitty tropes but I'm not gonna
like hate women anymore for it right but
like if you're the kind of person that's
always drawn to that because you're like
fetishize Asians and you got some weird
[ __ ] hang up about like watching guy
like watching like old bastard it's like
[ __ ] virgins that I mean yeah you've
probably got some [ __ ] up problems
with you probably not gonna agree about
any suggestions I gave you about your
problematic consumption of hentai our
enemy right well again like all I'm
asking for is for these specific types
of anime that we're talking about which
are to Farex that there there are there
are a large number of them okay I'm
saying that these animes should be in a
sense boycotted and not given anyone I
might agree with you I mean like you're
just you're this is like the hardcore
like definition of preaching to acquire
right because the only people that would
work out those are people that probably
are consuming this in the first place
right but but that doesn't make I don't
know why you bring at that point because
like you arguing with [ __ ] you talk
about in trash and conservatives on
stream you're preaching to the choir as
well it's all I could serve this
watching no I don't think so because I
think that like the core values of like
the conservative is going to line up
with my own
trying to come in so they're being
stupid so for instance if we have a
debate on health care I think that we
agree that the most people possible
showed up health care will be able to
bet on control we agree that the like
spit will possibly should become like
guns
so we're doing over like information
related to it and your disagreements
about anime I think that core agreement
of whether or not like media is or isn't
problematic that that's probably not
even gonna be agreed upon so like
getting a prescription passed that is
probably to be a waste of time I don't I
don't think it's waste of time I don't
think a lot of the stuff is waste of
time especially when especially online
when you know this is a widely consumed
form of entertainment for people and it
is growing I think now's the time that
we'd be vocal about this type of thing
if that is something you know your honor
your vocal go for it I'm vocal by the
[ __ ] all the time I actually hate the
depictions of women in like a lot of
Japanese relationship I complain about
it all like relentlessly I cry when I
talk about hentai yeah sure but like the
people that are consuming this aren't
gonna listen to me cuz I don't even
believe those are but I this is kind of
a dumb point to make I guess I can kind
of see what you're saying but well the I
know you seem to say like oh well notes
but I don't really think that's true I
think there's a bunch of people willing
to you know oh I never thought about it
that way because they they might have
grown up watching this type of stuff
they never really give it a second it's
like conservatives conservatives that
swish their their political views later
in life because oh you know just sort of
comes to them with a oh I never thought
about it like that
uh-huh okay very much be the exact same
here but you do agree that there are
there are forms of quote-unquote art
that do deserve in a sense to be
boycotted and really not consumed as
long as they keep their troubling
aspects cuz that's what you agreed to
right just now wait it's a that Lots
protic on you agree that there are there
are forms of quote unquote art or you
know a television show like like an
anime that should be boycotted and not
consumed unless it removes their
troubling aspects I would have this kind
of great deal of time thinking about
this that's such a like maybe because of
my music background I'm more cautious to
say this but like that's a load that's
such a load of statement my positions on
art are like very hard to like I don't
know cotton I'm just
look i we you start out completely 100
percent denying any possibility of that
being the case it seemed and then
I just got you to acknowledge a specific
case that goes counter to that oh no no
I can and there are things that might be
wholly problematic but this idea that
some things should like never because
you say well you said you would agree
that people watching this should boycott
it shouldn't watch it and should
complain about the negative aspects of
it sure I think you should complain yeah
I don't know I have to think about this
morning I would have to think about it
more I'm not sure I haven't thought
about this like in in this level of
death because I maybe maybe it's a
nervous because I don't believe in
necessarily the objective nature of
aesthetics or whatever I don't know if
like that is hurting my ability to have
this conversation but also the fact that
anime is just not a medium that I'm
familiar enough with I've seen maybe
like maybe 10 or 20 full anime series
like I I can't I can't even like really
engage with the conversation material
like if we were to talk about music or
something I could do this a lot better
but I can't with anime I'm not sure all
right
okay well that makes sense to me just so
I can clear up so I don't get a ton of
PMS we let me just clarify some certain
things first of all I'm not saying all
anime is crap or falls victim to this if
I've said accidentally that's the case
obviously not like I just said like I've
I enjoy a lot of anime that I'm watching
right now because people have sent me a
lot of stuff and you know that's really
cool stuff you know
and secondly I'm not coming for your
[ __ ] okay I guess I am if you're
sexualizing your these anime girls and
maybe I am coming for them but just
don't do that but yeah that's what the
yeah I'm not saying that all animes
garbage I would say almost I would say
the majority is good but there is a
portion of anime that sexualized is
females and has a lot of other issues
with it and therefore we should boycott
it and not fund it and we should
actively criticize it to make it so that
women who for example watch that don't
look at this and feel absolutely
disgusted and ashamed of themselves
because internalization of sexual
objectification is a real issue there
you go Wow okay there you go
REM is a reason why I would vote for
Trump
okay well I'm going to bed okay I love
you buddy nice talking to you friend
yeah pecan all right good night
[Music]
