hey everybody Faraday here so today I've
got non-compete and destiny here for
anybody that doesn't know me my name is
Caleb Cain I'll hold on what made me uh
okay
sorry about that four okay so to anybody
that doesn't know me my name is Caleb
Cain I I run the channel YouTube channel
Faraday speaks where I talk about my
experiences within the alt-right I also
run a discord server where we try to
Deer addict allows people in far-right
extremist so today i've got with me
non-compete and destiny and i noticed a
couple months ago they were having a I
don't know if you guys had a back and
forth on Twitter but I saw that non I
don't you J I saw that you were like
wanting to talk to him and so I sent
Dustin a an email and I thought we just
go ahead and set it up so I'll let you
guys introduce yourselves go ahead like
EJ
yeah yeah we didn't have a
back-and-forth I made a video that
referenced just it wasn't like a
takedown video but it was just like at
that time there was a lot of discussion
on like the far left I'm a far left
hissed so a lot of far left us were like
is destiny a leftist should we you know
stand destiny or whatever and I was like
I guess I made a video that was just
like Destiny's doing good things but we
need to do good things also and not just
like know if I'm talking about destiny
third-person I know you're here how rude
of me but um yes that was what the video
was about it wasn't really like a
takedown of destiny but just that like
the far-left needs people like destiny
who were doing the work that Destiny's
doing to like de radicalize fascists is
that something I admire about what
you're doing destiny and I just want to
see more far left just doing kind of the
same kind of thing so that's kind of
where it this all came from for me I
think okay
destiny want to introduce yourself or
anybody that doesn't know you yeah my
name is Steven Bunnell I go by destiny
online I do a lot of political and
gaming content on twitch.tv and then I
also have my youtube channel that's
destiny as well
I'm do a lot of political and gaming
content there okay so I figured we I
know EJ wanted to talk about anarchism
and socialism and I've seen obviously
everybody knows that a lot of lefties I
mean coming after
Eston e on twitter there was a debate
that he did with Peter coffin so I
figured EJ could just ask you some
questions about anarchism or your
beliefs and he could tell you about some
of his and you guys could have back and
forth on that so EJ I'll go ahead and
let you take the floor there yeah sure
and I didn't actually introduce myself
I'm just I've run the channel
non-compete and it's where you know me
and my partner Luna who's actually the
room with me
she's a Vietnamese Marxist Leninist in
the Ho Chi Minh School and I might
anarchist anarchic communist but we
still managed to get along but uh so yes
so I guess from watching the Peter
coffin debate that's where I guess I'd
like to begin I know you both touched on
anarcho-communism a little bit but like
didn't really go down the road a lot so
I guess my first question would just be
what is your you know just to get the
lexicon jivin what what how do you view
anarchism or how would you define
anarchism or as like as
anarcho-communism where basically your
goal is to eliminate or dissolve like a
state and then have your communist
society not by way of like some
political process but by just like the
actual dissolution of the state that's
kind of my understanding of it yeah
there there are many different forms of
anarchism and anarcho-communism and we
don't all agree with each other but the
basic rule of thumb well the the so for
us communism follows anarchism because
the basic idea the core idea of
anarchism for most of us is elimination
of hierarchy so anarchism means no
hierarchies or dissolving unjust
hierarchies and so for us the reason we
view communism as a necessity is because
we think capitalism is inherently and
unjust hierarchy so so yeah but but we
we do call for dismantling the state but
that doesn't mean eliminating like all
forms of government we just think people
should be self governed to whatever
extent possible so we see this like we
define the state perhaps differently
than like the mainstream definition so
for us a state is a political entity
that enforces or you know works towards
the goals of an elite class you know so
there's one group over others and in
modern times the state tends to be a
capitalist state you know most states
around the world or capitalist States
and we believe
that states basically served the
interests of the elite capitalist class
and the wealthy more than they do the
working class and people with
disabilities in that sort of thing
so that's yeah that would be my personal
definition and I think most in Turku
communist would generally agree with
that what are we gonna start yeah so I
guess I guess I guess my first question
would be like where do you think
capitalism is like a good thing or do
you think it's like a necessary evil or
I mean do I think what is how is
capitalism a good paternalism yeah
capitalism generally I don't think I
ascribe like any any any morality to
capitalism like I think I would just say
that like it is what it is
I guess like I would say like markers
exist like basic observations we can
make about capitalism seem to be true
and then that's it I don't know how
would it's got like a moral good or bad
- okay I guess I don't mean morally but
like pragmatically do you think that it
is an effective good well-functioning
system or do you think that like oh yeah
I mean cuz to me I get the impression
that you generally think that capitalism
is like an efficient reasonable way of
organizing our economy yeah I would say
so yeah I think so okay okay I just want
to run the same page so so like what do
you see as like the strengths of
capitalism um basically the idea that I
guess like investment can go where
markets dictate it goes that Labour can
go I guess I should have like a better
like broader definition but I guess
basically that resources are allocated
in an economy in a way that like markets
dictate which takes care of any kind of
like a very complicated central planning
question which is really hard to do
efficiently at scale but yeah I guess I
got a really broad sense capitalism just
seems to allocate resources where they
need to be and that's kind of why I'm in
favor of it okay and how do you how do
you kind of like how does that reconcile
with the fact that there's so much
wealth inequality and so many of our
resources are in like such a small group
of hands whether we have like 50
families that have like 50 percent of
the wealth I mean where that might be
the most economically efficient way to
organize that capital but that's where
capitalism stops I wouldn't expect
capitalism to deliver
society where everybody has an equal
amount of wealth I would expect
capitalism to allocate resources as
economically efficiently as possible and
then any type of redistribution would
have to take place with another sort of
system so for instance like your tax
policy or some sort of welfare or
something like that okay so what why do
you like why hasn't it around the world
why why is there so much poverty why is
there so much wealth inequality if
capitalism is so efficient at like
putting wealth where it needs to go like
why do we have all these major problems
with specifically resources being
allocated so overwhelmingly into such a
small number of hands
you know um so yeah so like I would
think we've to be really careful that we
say so like I think when you say
allocating wealth where it needs to go I
think you've kind of loaded this with
the idea that like poor people need more
money so that we can balance not need
equality I don't think that resources I
don't think that's the most economically
efficient way to distribute a resource
and necessarily this is something that
has to be addressed with the tax policy
so I wouldn't expect it so to reiterate
I wouldn't expect capitalism to give
everybody like for instance a living
wage or access to health care or
something I just don't I don't think
that that economic system intrinsically
does that what I would expect it to do
is allocate resources as efficiently as
possible to give you an economy that
says efficient as possible and then your
goal would be if you think that people
deserve health care or higher wages or
something then you have to augment that
with some sort of government policy so
like minimum wage or some kind of
universal health care system okay do you
not feel like there's a power imbalance
in terms of the fact that like in a
capital society wealth is a foreign
power it's probably the predominant form
of power and so when you have people who
have so much wealth concert like Jeff
Bezos or something like that who has
billions and billions of dollars that
gives them that would you agree that
that gives them like a tremendous amount
of power as an individual to influence
and control these systems perhaps in
ways that are inefficient yeah I mean
there's a couple of different statements
in here so firstly I don't think that
hierarchies are by definition bad or
that power is by definition bad I don't
think anybody would agree either those
two things
and we can talk about those at more at
length if you want but I mean I don't
think that our systems that are
involved in regulating our economy
should also be subject to rent seeking
actors that are reaping the rewards of
the economy as well so obviously a very
wealthy individual that's making money
off of some some activity that might be
a detriment to society probably
shouldn't have a great say or a larger
say than somebody else and how
government runs because obviously have a
huge conflict of interest there I mean
so I guess where I would sort of start
to come in with my perspective is that I
feel like the billionaires of the world
and the capitalist corporations of the
world have demonstrably throughout
modern history been a detriment to
society they have done damage and harm
to people around the world you know I
don't I don't see I guess I feel like
the burden of evidence is on the
capitalist side of things to prove how
capitalism has benefited humanity and I
know that there are like for instance
the World Bank statistics that say that
like millions of people have been lifted
out of poverty but the World Bank is
like a capitalist oriented institution I
think it's pretty I think I've like I
think the World Bank's statistics about
even if you even if they did lift
millions of people out of poverty by
their own accounting that doesn't that
doesn't line up with the fact that we
still have billions of people who are in
poverty I mean the ethical poverty line
so the world bit so I guess I'm jumping
ahead a little bit here but the world
the World Bank poverty line is around $1
a day and they've shifted those numbers
around a little bit over time but have
you heard of the ethical poverty line is
that something I'm gonna guess you
probably set the wage at some higher
number to show that not as many people
are lifted out of poverty yeah so it's
about five dollars a day is the ethical
poverty line and so 60 percent of the
people on the world make less than $5 a
day what was it out like 20 or 30 years
ago do you know yeah I've got the
numbers actually it's let me find this
real quick loading up so in 1990 okay so
it's 1 billion more people 105 dollars a
day since 1990
there's 1 billion more people article
yeah I don't I mean that could be
because of population but yeah cuz I was
gonna say like it conflicts with the
World Bank's numbers is the poise that
well that's because it sounds like it's
measuring something different right if
you're setting it at five dollars a day
versus one dollar a day then right yeah
yeah but I mean do you see it do you I
guess I'm just asking do you honestly
think that capitalism is lifting people
out of poverty around the world yeah I
mean I think like liberalisation of
trade has definitely helped a lot of
countries I think that we have greater
access to things like luxury goods and
whatnot at least in Western countries
obviously places in South America South
America or Africa have been pretty
[ __ ] by imperialist countries that
have been doing a lot of bad activities
and those countries are kind of sort of
catching up but I mean capitalism isn't
perfect we can point to the idea that
there's still a lot of problems which is
absolutely true but I mean like if we go
by track records I don't really think
socialism or communism has a seat at the
table in this conversation so I don't
know if it's fair to like point at some
of the problems of capitalism which
there are absolutely problems today for
sure but but to ignore like all of the
good that we've come this far with and
then say like you know this is bad
because there are snow problems that
exist I don't think it's a fair critique
well yeah I would also say that it's not
really fair to say that um I mean for
instance if you look at the fact that
you brought up imperialism I mean and
you talk about capitalist markets and
the way that they distribute money I
mean you use the word yourself I mean
you you have to recognize that
imperialism is a pretty predominant
feature of world capitalism and there is
absolutely a lot of wealth being
siphoned up from poor countries and a
lot of exploitation going on in those
poor countries I mean how would you
account for that in a capitalist system
I mean how would you how would you have
I mean I don't know if imperialism
necessarily has to be baked into
capitalism and I'm pretty sure socialist
countries and communist countries in the
past have been pretty imperialistic as
well so I don't know if it's like a I
mean this is like a government policy
question I mean we can argue things like
the industrial military complex highly
incentivizes these forms of foreign
affairs which I would agree with and I
think of these are things that
definitely should be changed our foreign
policy is pretty disgusting and the idea
that there are people to get rich off of
it was pretty disgusting as well so I
mean this would be an idea or this would
be an example of some some
economic reality that probably should be
curbed by some kind of government
regulation how would you how would you
change it though like this is I guess
where I see a huge I guess disconnect
because like hey if the people who have
the most power the most wealth are the
ones that are benefiting off of the
system and they have the most power to
influence the system like how do you see
change being effected within this within
these capitalist Assam I mean honestly
it's really hard but I don't think
imperialism is a feature of capitalism I
like the my real my real if I'm being
super real the answer is I don't think
these things ever change because people
are just stupid
I mean imperialism has been a feature of
the world since the dawn of mankind I
mean pre pre feudal societies pre feudal
societies like Rome like all of these
places have been highly imperialistic
the idea that like imperialism is some
new thing that you know showed up on the
planet you know post capitalism is
absolutely not true
I don't know I don't know how you stop
people from being imperialistic from
thing in their country is exceptional
compared to others that they want to
install governments in other places they
want to kill other people like I don't
know what the answer to that is but I
don't think it's some economic system
well it's okay that so that's what's
that brings us back to anarchism Xander
cousins not like I was saying earlier
anarchism leads me to communism so maybe
we can just explore that a little bit
like you talked about hierarchies uh-huh
so so the whole idea of anarchism
basically is dismantling hierarchies
that are unjust as much as possible or
disobey it basically it's family all
higher fees as much as possible so that
everyone is basically on a more flatly
hierarchical plane so it's sort of a way
and it's also a method of analysis I
would say anarchism is more of a method
of analyzing societies and analyzing
economies analyzing social groups and
trying to make them more fair more just
and and the way that capitalism is
structured I mean we can get like I'm
actually a former capitalist myself so
I've I used to own several businesses
for about ten years I had about 15
employees who I exploited and you know
made profits off of and I guess so do
you think that that that the way like a
corporation or even a small business is
structured do you think that that's like
a just way of organizing a workforce or
organized
anything I mean the way that we do that
under capitalism so I'd say no but
before we get into whether or not that's
specifically unjust I'm very curious to
push on this hierarchy thing real quick
cuz I I just I actually haven't had this
conversation before do you believe that
you're all hierarchies are undressed by
definition or can there be just
hierarchies there are I would say
justifiable hierarchies so for instance
I would say that a parent you know with
a small child mm-hmm would have the
authority to for instance stop them from
running into the street okay or you know
ensure their well-being that's like a
very basic example another example might
be like if you're on a ship at sea and
there's a storm you would probably want
to have some kind of hierarchy in place
so that communication can be efficient
and so that like there's not a lot of
like confusion going on you might want
to have a heart you where there's like a
captain and then there's like the crews
they all have their own stations uh-huh
in those situations that I would say is
a justifiable hierarchy because it's
like incredibly pragmatic and probably
dangerous to not have that hierarchy
versus like at a coffee shop I really
don't see any reason for there to be
like a top level store manager at a
coffee shop the stakes aren't really
that high to where there's a lot of
life-and-death situations going on I
don't know if that kind of made it more
clear to you where I'm coming from sure
so a couple questions so I don't know
what kind of system you're advocating
for but in most systems with like
socialism or communism that I'm familiar
with you still have like managers there
just voted on by the people right well
so so we want to reduce the so for
instance there are anarchism is a way of
like again analyzing and viewing things
and it's a work in progress so that so
something that Rudolf rocker who was a
famous anarchist a long time ago said
was I am NOT an anarchist because the
end goal is anarchism I'm an anarchist
because there is no end goal right so
one heavy feature of anarchist thought
and principle is that we should
constantly be analyzing our systems and
trying to improve them and trying to
make hierarchies as flat as possible so
so yes I mean for instance let's say you
have like a factory you you might
organize it so that the
work that the workers vote for a manager
but anarchists would look at that system
and we'd say okay so if they if the
workers are voting for a manager that we
don't want to have a system where that
manager then has coercive power and
domination over the workers so what can
we do to make that system as fair as
possible there are many ways we could
experiment to try to make it as flat as
possible so for instance maybe instead
of voting on a manager you rotate a
manager in or maybe there is like a
council of people instead of one manager
who like decide things together like a
triumvirate or whatever but you know
people have a press of power to though
they could they could and that's the
whole point of anarchism is to identify
situations where people have coercive
Authority and power and dismantle them
as much as we possibly can well the
people that you made to evaluate the
effectiveness of a manager that you have
voted in to flatten hierarchy are
themselves subject to the same hierarchy
how does that work it would it would
depend very much on the specific factory
and the specific group of people and how
they decided to organize themselves I
mean I just think of like I'm just kind
of curious what so we can just like have
like a little hypothetical factory
that's running how would you like how
would you make a decision on whether or
not you should fire somebody for a
factory you would honestly you'd
obviously you'd have to do the same
thing that it would be the same
situation as in a hierarchy where you'd
have to look at the situation and you'd
have to make decisions but the
difference between a capitalist
hierarchy and a you know an anarchist
system is that in the hierarchy the the
strict hierarchy the corporate kind of
hierarchy there's one person they look
at this situation they make a decision
and then like the power flows down
uh-huh
whereas anarchists would try to organize
things from the bottom up so it's as
Democratic as possible sure so somebody
yeah so let's say we have a factory
where 30% of we've got a factory 30 of
our workers here are women and 70 our of
our workers are men let's say that a man
was accused of sexually harassing a
woman but all the men were like pretty
chill with a guy and think that people
are taking this too seriously in a
situation like this is it better to
leave this up to the Democratic voice of
the workers or should there be some
higher form of man
measurement that can be oppressive
towards the workers Democratic well gee
I mean that seems like a the worst
possible example to use because in the
capitalist system you would just have
like the guy at the top make the
decision and that would be the end of it
but in this system okay so let me give
you a real quick real quick in a
capitalist system this company could be
subject to outside pressure they might
lose money they might get bad press the
firm might become less profitable and if
a firm is going to lose profits and
there would be pressure from the top
down to enact policies that would
hopefully keep them out of the public
ire so that's why I think in a
capitalist firm this is dealt with in
this way just because we're at socially
right now maybe the past this wasn't
well if you hold on if you look at like
an airport you can look at you can look
at there's an there's a specific airline
that has impaired it I wish I could over
the name of this place but there was a
specific airline that had a lot of
issues with sexual harassment and their
whole strategy was just to basically pay
hush money shut it up and never
acknowledge it uh-huh and the reason
that they did that was for the profit
motive they don't want to get the bad
press and everything like that uh-huh so
it may they never solved the problem and
this happens obviously in lots of
corporations they never solved the
problems they just try to make it
invisible to the public eye because all
they're concerned about is the profit
motive versus if you have a let me so
I'm gonna go back to that example is
about it so in in in northern Syria
which is famously called ro Java it's
not a perfect example of anarchism but
they have some really good systems in
place and one of those we have something
called a dual power structure so that
means or a secondary power structure so
that means that they have a council for
the for the community like a commune
council and they make all these
decisions they had problems with their
culture where women were like you know
obviously subjugated you know culturally
and the the women realized this and some
of the male real leaders realize this so
what they did was they created like a
women's council that was kind of like a
sidecar to the main council and there
was a council where it was just the
women and they would come together and
they would discuss things and they would
you know have that strength in numbers
so that they could then go into the
normal council and have a stronger voice
in a united voice and that has worked
out really well for them and given women
a much more significant voice within
those communities so in this factory
situation I would say if you have 30
percent women
they can have a secondary power
structure where they can you know
discuss these things that affect them in
in a negative way and they could have
their own little power structure kind of
on the side that can interact with the
larger power structure and you know
hopefully make things more equitable
yeah that sounds cool there are these
people do this today in capitalist
societies as well sometimes you make
councils of people that come together
and you could have a third party coming
in analyze so I don't know how familiar
with video games but like sometimes
people hire out people like anyday
Sarkisian or whatever to come in and
give speeches to a company or to look at
a company where companies will evaluate
like whether or not there is gender
discrimination going on like this
happens in firms today like given in a
capitalist society I don't think this is
necessarily economics dependent right
and so if a company is doing that today
then they're using what would be a more
on the anarchist side of things
principle so yeah I mean I don't know if
you think that what I advocate for is
like everyone grabbing their ak-47s and
overthrowing the state and instantly
putting together a capitalist society at
gunpoint I mean an anarchist Society at
gunpoint that's not what I'm advocating
for yeah various like which hierarchies
you think are justifiable in which
hierarchies aren't because whatever any
society we create is by definition has
to have some level of hierarchies so I'm
just curious like how you figure out
which ones are good and which ones
aren't
and then if some of the arguments you
use for the good ones are a little bit
too general then I'm gonna steal those
arguments I'm gonna apply to any
capitalist hierarchy as well so earlier
you said something about how like
obviously when it's incredibly pragmatic
and dangerous not to have like a leader
in some cases well I mean I'm gonna
steal that definition I'm gonna apply it
to a lot of capitalism as well mm-hmm
where I would consider like certain
things would be very pragmatic like with
a massive company or firm for instance
like we probably wouldn't democratically
vote on every single issue when it comes
to things like hiring or firing people
probably not a good idea to democratic
we vote on each one of those because you
could run into a lot of trouble in that
case well so again it's like you're I
it's not for me to say how every single
system should be implemented and
different and one of the great things
about anarchism in my mind is the fact
that it's much more flexible in the way
that we can organize systems then the
then the top-down hierarchy well I mean
you know
I'm not trying to push too hard but I
mean your system is incredibly flexible
because you haven't given me any like
solid answers to anything of course it's
gonna be really flexible but like I feel
like it's kind of hard cuz like one it
so nicely cuz I'm actually genuinely
curious cuz I'm not at the end of the
day I'm not married to capitalism if
there's a better system than [ __ ] it
[ __ ] capitalist Monica I don't have like
any dogmatic allegiance to the system
but if like every time you know like
well I'm I am genuinely cares like well
how would you organize a factory what
would you do if the majority of the
people there were bigoted what if the
workers voted that they didn't want
black people working there you know how
do you get these problems fixed I'm
curious because people always cite like
like worker run factories is solving all
these problems and then it usually gets
pushed back into some vague like well
different systems do it in different
ways and then I'm left to defend like
all the messes of the real world
implementation of capitalism while you
have like the I guess like the blanket
of like any form of socialism that works
for whatever particular argument we're
talking about I think oh yeah no these
are all completely fair questions and
they're questions that I grappled with
so I have absolutely no what your well
we're not even at the hard questions yet
like these are like hypothetical like
how do you run a factory where you might
run this is like a tyranny of the
majority question right like what if 60%
of your workers hate black people and
the only vote on white managers like
what do you do there yeah I'm from South
Carolina so I have definitely thought
about this like you can talk about
making like that like a council of like
black people but like obviously this
factories not gonna vote on it so now
you need a third party like a government
or a state to impose that on them which
is a hierarchy like how do you solve
these problems if you okay if there's a
group of people in any situation who are
being exploited or oppressed so for
instance like I'm from South Carolina
like I said and I understand that if
today if today like I could sign with a
pen and to say like ok South Carolina is
now completely anarchist and everyone
votes on everything democratically and
it's just like open democracy for
everything in South Carolina that could
be really shitty for a lot of black
people and for a lot of gay people and a
lot of trans people and and the so the
the one thing I want to say is that I'm
a revolutionary anarchist so if you feel
like you're in an exploited situation if
you're a black person in the deep south
or if you're a trans person in the
United States of America or if you're in
an if you're being imperialize by
another country and some place like
Cambodia or whatever I
that it is within your you know rights
and it's within your interest to
organize your own secondary or dual
power structure and fight however you
need to to be liberated so if you're in
a if you're in a situation where you're
in like like let's say we lived we lived
in an anarchist society but it was a
racist anarchist Society which is
totally possible right I mean that
wouldn't be a fully anarchist Society
obviously because you would have a
hierarchy of like white people over
black people or what-have-you
right so that would not be a there would
be a hierarchy there so in that way
that's up that's a contradiction right
there right but if you're in that
situation where everything is democratic
and you don't have capitalism but
there's still this problem of racism
then it's up to every person who opposes
racism to fight against that and
overthrow that hierarchy yeah but you're
assuming they'll always have the means
to do it if I have a factory with 70
white workers and 30 black workers the
white workers are necessarily being
oppressive like totally they just don't
want to ever vote on a black manager and
the black people feel like well this is
some [ __ ] like our voices are never
heard like we feel like we don't get
good representation so you're saying
that like the next step is good
literally violent revolution like that's
the way to go or well I didn't see
violent violent is like a III take
violence very seriously because I live
in Vietnam and I've spoken many times to
many veterans of the of the North
Vietnamese Army who suffered
tremendously in the revolution and I
know that the violence you know was was
a terrible terrible thing it's not
something I take lightly but what would
they do if you've got 30 workers in a
factory with 70 workers then obviously
they could strike they could there are
many ways that they could resist they
could strike they could have them you
know a demonstration they can form a
dual power structure come up with some
kind of proposals for how they can enact
their revolution and if nobody in that
Factory will listen to them or or
reconcile with them they can either
start their own Factory or try to
overtake the factory that's what I'm
saying is it's within their right to try
deliberate that will analyze it all the
way within one of those was violent
start your own factory is I mean that's
a whole other road we can go down which
related a capital but like throw
overthrow the factory that sounds kind
of violent
to me it doesn't have to be I mean they
could just they could just stand in for
you know they could have a have a
walkout or they could have a sit-in or
you know or what does overtake me and I
guess our overthrow it that that sounds
to me like I'm seizing your property I'm
like I'm taking it from you
maybe we're using like different
definitions saying that's like a last
course but it is on the table yeah if
you think about it look if you have a
factory and you have 70 workers and 30
of them are black and 40 of them are
white and then all 100% of the white
workers want to oppress the black
workers and refuse to acknowledge their
their problems that they're bringing up
through peaceful means how could you
possibly criticize the black workers for
doing whatever is within their means to
liberate themselves well I'm not
criticising them but it seems like in
your system you're like very subject to
like a like a rule of the majority like
if you've got an overwhelming majority
of people if they're outnumbered two to
one it seems like they're just kind of
have to take it they don't really have
any recourse especially if you don't
have a state that they can actually seek
you know help from like I don't know who
they well they would have okay so so
you're the factory doesn't exist in a
vacuum
first of all okay so like in an
anarchist society there would be many
factories there would be community
councils there would be we sometimes
call them syndicates so syndicate is
basically a collection of people who
work together for their own interests
right so it might be for instance a
disability syndicate which is a
collection of people who are disabled
who fight for their own interests and
fight to make sure that their voice is
heard right what if everybody's like
whatever people look at like the
disabilities abled syndicate and
everybody's like yo our outputs our jobs
everything would be so much better if we
just didn't work with these guys like
what what are you do in that case then
and the disabled people are just like
[ __ ] that's what's happening now under
capitalism I mean capitalists disabled
people are completely unvalued and
capitalism because they don't they don't
produce profits for corporations and if
you're disabled well if you're disabled
there are cuts not true at all there are
plenty of companies that have hiring
incentives for disabled people firstly
secondly there are state codes that are
enforced by the government that mandates
some level of accessibility to buildings
for disabled people that's why you see
like ramps and everything and this is
true even in like state federal parks
and then you've also got like the fact
that you have a legal system that will
defend you if somebody is discriminating
against you for
reasons like you can take somebody you
can take an employer to court for that
because I'm pretty sure being disabled
is a protected class yeah but if you
talk to disabled people like I do every
day you know that they suffer
tremendously and they don't feel like
they have a voice and they don't feel
like they have any they're not valued by
a capital society especially if you talk
about people who are like completely
disabled yeah I mean like that's one who
doesn't sure that being disabled sucks
in some cases it being even being black
in America sucks I mean like yeah
there's a lot of problems for sure but
there are still avenues of which to
address these it can definitely be
improved I'm just curious if you think
that those wouldn't exist under
anarchism why do you think there
wouldn't be for instance a community
council I mean like the the the well
because I mean any government under
anarchism would in many ways do the
things that you're that you're praising
about a capitalist society so you would
have for instance a community council or
a Council of community councils and they
would have you know they would have
their own power base so if you had like
a community let's go let's go a little
wider and say we have a community and we
have like more you know it's a diverse
community and the other thing just to
make it clear like anarchism won't work
if people don't sort of you have to be
kind of culturally turned on to
anarchism like you can't just take
anarchism and throw it on to a community
that has a entrenched capitalist mindset
and have that work right just like you
couldn't take just like for instance
just like how capitalism when it enters
into socialist countries there's a
really tough transition period where
these countries like for instance the
former Soviet Union or or wherever
once capitalism goes in there there's
like a really rough transition period
because people have been culturally
trained and educated and socialized into
a socialist system and then suddenly
capitalism is thrown onto them and
there's a rough transition period I
would say that's a major reason why you
have this huge hologram I understand
that it's a really messy and practice
but I mean like both of our economic
systems are very messy in practice but
like I'm just I'm on the hypotheticals
I'm just curious like what the ideal way
would be to deal with this I'll give you
if I ever ask you a question you feel
like it's unfair
you can always turn it back to me well
how would you deal with it because I
have my idealistic ways of dealing with
it right like as a society we would
guarantee like a certain set of rights
to people that would hopefully be
protected by some founding document like
a constitution and then it would be a
force by like a federal level entity but
if you don't have a federal entity to
delegate your like arbitration - right
like well hey we are the coop of coops
of all the disabled people and everybody
just said they don't want to do business
with us or build ramps for us because
it's not worth it for their you know for
their companies they don't want to do it
well who do we appeal to there is no
government I'm just curious how you ever
resolved that situation you have nobody
oh there's a government there is a
government that's what I'm saying there
would be a government that would be
speeded it would be a much more
democratic government and there would be
more mechanisms for everyone to have
their voice heard wait so what is it how
are we at okay and I could be totally
ignorant of the definitions but how are
we at how are we an anarchist so am i
understanding of Anarchy and communism
is that both of these terms imply no
state and anarchist is generally a
person that is against a form of
government and communism is by
definition a stateless currency less
Society how does an anarchic communist
one at state or a government or are
these like fundamentally different
things or the the again so back to the
death the anarchist definition of a
state is that it specifically protects
like one class interest and I would
argue that most if not all capitalist
states that exist today are built and
constructed to protect a certain class
like for instance the Unites States of
America was founded by white male
landowners and yes some of that has
changed over the years but it hasn't
changed a lot
it's still me and I would say that the
United States has significantly changed
over the past 250 years considering we
went from a society where women couldn't
vote gay people weren't talked about
trans people didn't exist in any size
shape or form and black people were
slaves
I think we've changed quite a bit well
we still have we still have black people
slaves like in our for-profit prison
institutions and we still have you know
and now we have the migrant workers in
concentration camps I mean I would
definitely say that this power
structures in the ideas of America lean
they're built from the ground up to
benefit people with a lot of power
already I would say that I don't the
fact
that we have a problem with privatized
prisons that employ black people and a
slave like Manor which I would probably
slavery is a far cry from black people
aren't even seen as human in the United
States and can only exist here as slaves
like again we absolutely have problems
but we're a far cry from from the
slavery I mean I'm not trying to do the
racism is fix but we had a black
president no no no no I don't want to
make President in the 1700s or the
eighteen hundreds I mean yeah and I make
it sound like I think that we have it as
bad now as the slate obviously chattel
slavery is like a far more brutal system
but I will say this like capitalism has
evolved right since the slavery system
and what they've found or in and I'm not
saying this this is like a necessarily a
something intentional this might have
just happened organically but what has
happened is capitalism has over time
kind of transformed itself we would say
if you want to use the Marxist
dialectical it's negated itself from a
so for instance it started with the
slavery system where it was just like
very overt you were a black slave you do
everything that you were told you know
it's very simple to see what's going on
there and it's very it's a it's a very
you know kind of open oppression right
and then that transformed afterwards
into like the sharecropping Jim Crow
system which was slightly less
oppressive I guess you could say but it
was also more a little bit more
complicated right which made it a little
bit more difficult to dismantle and then
that transformed into like the
segregation system from you know like
I'm for South Carolina and all that
about that that made everything you're
saying right now it sounds really good
it sounds to me like under the system of
capitalism these systems are getting
less and less oppressive no it might it
might be like less violently oppressive
but suppressive in any definition of the
word I would argue that living under Jim
Crow was [ __ ] but it was less oppressive
than slavery I would argue that living
in current American society as [ __ ] it's
less oppressive than Jim Crow or
segregation legalized segregation like
right yeah so this is the thing like
like so a liberal basically would say
that like
we can reform capitalism we can
gradually improve it over time right
that's that's that like it that there's
always going to be like anytime the
working class gets close to a revolution
in the Unites States of America
specifically the Capitol's class has
been very astute about knowing when to
kind of pull back a little bit so a
great example of that would be like
Franklin Delano Roosevelt who's said
that his greatest achievement as
president was saving capitalism so we
had a very strong socialist movement in
the nineteen twenties and thirties they
were really we had socialist governors
we had socialists you know people and I
think we had a lot of socials mayors
maybe some social Senators and it was
really getting close to like a socialist
revolution the Unites States of America
so FDR went around he bought out the top
leaders of all the socialist systems he
implemented the New Deal
he gave concessions you know in certain
areas to prevent the revolution yes this
all sounds like a good thing so firstly
I don't think America was ever at a
point where we're gonna have a socialist
revolution another we had socialist
parties here that had like some people
in them but it was always like a
minority of my memory like even even in
Europe we don't have like huge socialist
or communist parties like today like
even in Sweden you don't have like
communism it taken seriously like as
like a widespread political movement and
the most popular party over there are
the Social Democrats and these are in
some of the most like socialist places
or whatever that as Americans we would
say are socialists or whatever so but I
mean even regardless of that it sounds
to me that like a group of people were
making a demand and that the system was
flexible enough to cave into these
demands and FDR did it these sound like
positive things to me it's not like
positive reforms to me but then they
always get rolled back they always get
rolled back and that's and it not maybe
not completely but there's always going
to be that control over us and so like
we're seeing it right now with Trump and
this is the really scary part about it
is once capitalism starts to really
falter you know because capitalism is
inherently unstable and it's inherently
oppressive and once capital some starts
to really fault oh that's when you see
fascism start to creep in and we're
absolutely I mean I don't know if you
agree or not but I would say that under
Trump we're definitely trending more and
more towards fascism I I saw I don't
remember who you were dating with but
you talked about how like well now gay
people have it better now trans people
have it better or whatever that's
hanging by a thread that's a very
fragile improvement in their lives and
it's being rolled back
or on the verge of being rolled back in
very material ways and it's not just by
law because culturally people and
socially people are oppressed as well so
like I would say that the environment
for gay and trans people currently is
definitely getting more hostile and in
it and there's no way for them to under
this capitalist system unless you have
the wealth and the power to to go
toe-to-toe with the capitalist deletes
how can you really truly have a voice I
mean it's not the power imbalance is so
absurdly you know imbalanced that do you
see where I'm going with this it's not a
I mean I don't agree that there are
power balances society right now I just
don't think that the rest of your
argument logically follows from it also
I don't know how how we can criticize
capitals of for being unstable but I
mean if you take the 250 year whatever
the existence of the United States I
compare it to like a lot of communist or
socialist countries I don't find a lot
of stability there either I mean you
should know this if you live in Vietnam
right now right does this feel like a
very stable safe place to you like yes
it's a lot Vietnam is much more yeah
yeah have like trade unions there right
isn't it a single party every single
business in Vietnam is required to have
a union
okay I was under much different
understanding you can look it up or I
could have a Luna come here and talk to
you about how every business she's ever
worked it has a union because it's
required by law I mean I've lived here
for six years I know I don't you guys
have like a ton of like political
prisoners and everything for people that
are arrested or did I might have left we
have far fewer people in jail per capita
than the United States like look it up
I'm not talking about like a jail per
capita that's it that's a totally
different type of thing I don't think we
I'm almost positive what you're saying
is not true unless everything I read is
just capitalist propaganda like wait on
kayfun are you is this a there's a
single-party state right like you're not
allowed to have more than any other
political party there right it is a
single person I don't know that's your
Union they allowed to be like actual
like independent trade unions or do they
all have to be associated with the
government they're not every company has
its own Union now they're not perfect
unions and
there's a there's definitely like a lot
of corruption and there's definitely
imperfection but absolutely every
company was required to have a union at
the unions are are controlled by the
workers I mean it's it's it's not a and
and Vietnam doesn't lock up like
political prisoners or people that blog
negatively about the country none of
this happens is everything I'm reading
is just totally lies or I interviewed
for the BBC a person who is under house
arrest for political dissent okay so yes
it does happen just on it does not
happen well look I'm not a Marxist
Leninist communist for one thing because
your : cuz this is like this is a pretty
big I'm just a ton of you agreed as with
us the Vietnam general Confederation of
labour is the sole national trade union
center in Vietnam is this true or is
this just a lie
that would be like their version of the
United States Department of Labor
basically okay we are required to
affiliate to the V G Co and the V G sale
is one of the mass movements of the
Vietnamese final up front is that true
or that is I don't know if that's true
but I will tell you that that it's
basically every company has its own
individual Union that is like all have
to be a Philly my katana you might have
to be affiliated with this okay first of
all I want to say this I don't think
that this is the perfect system at all
well no but you came out swinging hard
for Vietnam and my understanding of that
government was that there's like massive
pressure from external forces to not be
like locking up like to like the Human
Rights Watch like writes a lot about
Vietnam political prisoners where people
get locked in jail for Human Rights
Watch is not a good source what is a
good external source or am I only
supposed to trust what the Vietnam
government says about Vietnam you only
need to trust what the Vietnamese
government know I'll be the first person
to tell you that the Vietnamese
government has plenty of corruption and
problems but I am NOT going to say that
they're some kind of like violent police
state that oppresses all opposition
speech I see people protesting on the
streets all the time there have been
situations where people have had strikes
at their work you know within the last
year there was a situation where a group
of farmers here in Hanoi literally
kidnapped like 20 police officers you
can look that up they held them for
about three days and they were demanding
that
get their land that they keep their land
that was trying to be taken by a
telecommunications company a communist
party leader came over and supported
them and they ended up winning that
whole situation the police were let go
nobody went to prison for that okay so I
guess I'll look I'll have to look more
because most of the information that
I've read usually comes from Human
Rights Watch and my understanding of
Vietnam and then based on the other
stories I've read they're from bloggers
that come from that country
you usually say that like oh yeah like
if you are if you are like an outspoken
critic of the government especially like
after - after 2017 that you can get like
locked in jail or people will like be
there to intimidate you or that you can
have like these like you'll get detain
and you'll have these long waits for
like pre tiles pretrial straw where you
won't get like this is luan who's a
Vietnamese youtuber who makes political
content with me on a daily basis okay
and criticizing the government 99.9% of
the news that you're reading about
Vietnam in the Western newspaper at all
kind of Mario's they affect okay and
then just don't trust them because I can
give you I can give you away I can give
you some exists some specific examples
that come up all the time so for
instance some of the BBC reports on
Vietnam they will often say things like
the government owns 100 percent of the
land which is not true they will say
that like like Christianity is illegal
here I've seen that that's a complete
fabrication
you have to be careful about what you
trust when you from the Capitol's media
when they talk about Vietnam no no wait
I want to talk to you about this when I
remember that when you told me that
though there's no evidence of Communists
of stable communist country in the world
and you know why because a capitalism
capitalist country the word [ __ ] all us
up I mean even if that was true that's
not my fault that your economic system
is too weak to resist outside pressure
if anything that's how their argument at
all is I'm sorry like if your countries
roll over because they can't defend
themselves that sounds like a good
argument for my system I'm sorry what
not just demonstrate that capitalism had
a head start though that wouldn't really
demonstrate a head start of course
because they imperialize Vietnam since
the eighteen hundred's I'm sorry that we
was almost to the Stone Age Indies EJ
was
what would it take to wick to go back to
the political prisoner point real quick
cuz I just I was just curious so you're
saying that it's it's hyped up you know
these like the these sources what would
it take to be a political prisoner in
Vietnam then I'll tell you what I think
I'll give you my honest opinion mm-hmm
okay this is what this is a criticism I
have of Vietnam I think if you the easy
thing would be if you said that you
wanted like overthrow the government
which some people have done and they've
got a deal for that if you said you
wanted to overthrow the state you would
go to jail for that in the jail in all
countries well what you're saying no
that's first Lee that is not true
because what he's talking about right
now an anarchic communist Sonny I could
talk about overthrowing the government
the United States all I want I will
never be sent to jail for that not in
the United States well don't say never
don't say never because Trump wants to
for instance criminalize affiliation
with an Tifa as like a terrorist
organization which is you know an Tifa
just means being anti-fascist so don't
say it could never happen it I will I
will grant you that it's not currently
I'm not in jail in the USA right now so
you know that is that is a vow so I mean
like Anthony we can talk about like
potential things that Trump might do in
the future I would hope that our
institutions are strong enough to keep
that like yeah let me let me answer your
question let me answer yeah because you
asked a question it's a fair question
and these are things that I would say
are my criticisms of Vietnam I'm not
saying that this like by no means do I
think Viet I was a perfect country at
all okay so the number one reason you
would go to jail is if you actively said
I want to overthrow the Communist Party
of Vietnam
the second reason would be if you like
specifically win on the attack after
like one individual person you know
that's like very high ranking that would
probably get you in some kind of hot
water okay and I don't think those are
good things okay that that's what tends
to get people locked up here now
speaking out generally against the
government or protesting against
corporate activity or protesting against
things that the government are doing is
absolutely open a free speech now I'm
not again I'm not saying that Vietnam
has a perfect in the United States
government also does not have a perfect
and we have political prisoners in the
United States maybe not I would say what
do you mean by political prisoners in
the United States I mean like you could
go back to the Black Panthers where we
had let's go back we're talking about
today well you don't just have political
prisoners okay we have a SAS
political dissenters the CIA and the and
that's that's not even a conspiracy
theory if you look at Fred Hampton was
specifically shot in his bed sure sure
sure yeah I spent a lot of hormone say
that but like day right now I don't
think we typically throw somebody in
jail for being like a political
dissenter Savior we could argue that the
United States is about on whistleblowers
so if we had a Fred Hampton today who
came up and and was an as accomplished
of an organizer and an influencer as
Fred Hampton was and was trying to
organize a new Black Panther Party with
the same effectiveness that he did I
have no doubt there's not enough has
changed for me to believe that they
wouldn't assassinate of Fred Hampton
today the way that they did back then
okay I mean we've had my Panthers and
we've had entia and you haven't seen
like CIA going and like assassinating
people that speak out for these groups
but I mean maybe we have cops that go in
and impregnate members of anti-fascist
organizations as undercover cops and
like have relationships with them for
two or three years and then try to get
them locked up we have cops that go in
yeah but I don't man these okay so
firstly that sounds I I'm not even gonna
grant you that I would really like to
see history on that but like it doesn't
surprise me so like things like false
agitators and show that individual cop
organizations can do [ __ ] up things
but that doesn't really speak to the
overall structure or the overall like
institutions that exist in the United
States so like I'm really curious so
just because I've read like so much
about like these random people because I
had to for my TPP research so are you
familiar with and I'm gonna butcher the
the pronunciation here but Tran hoon
Dewey [ __ ] sook why this guy is in jail
for 16 years because he wants a
democracy in a multi-party political
system in Vietnam what did he really do
that like puts him in jail for 16 years
like he probably said he wants to
overthrow the Communist Party and he
probably should not be in jail okay I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna defend something
that I think is wrong okay
I don't know that specific story I don't
know the situation okay we've got going
I don't know if that's your wife or
girlfriend I did hear what you said or
just a friend or it's my comrade your
comrade okay sorry so we've got go how
maybe how I don't know to pronounce his
name this guy is serving a 15 year
sentence for writing articles
is calling for democracy is that why are
we talking about this this is not what
I'm advocating for well I understand
what you came out swinging I real card
saying that the Vietnamese government is
absolutely nowhere he says that there
are no unions and they have unions
that's why I said no no you're not
allowed to form independent trade unions
that was one of the stipulations that
the TPP would have placed on Vietnam for
labor reasons is that you have to have
like individual representatives of like
your different trade unions it can't
just be real government what yeah I
think that would be good no it's not and
by your by your government and it sounds
like if you try to advocate for one
these are all reasons why I'm not a
Marxist Leninist yeah I know I know that
you're showing the evidence that to show
that our government is not good yeah I I
admit I never say to you that then I
means government is perfect
I never say to you that all is good
enough I think that we can be better but
I mean I mean the government is still
the hierarchy and the higher hierarchy
will mostly will always lead to the
unjust one and then I know that's it
true everywhere in the world when you
anti and that's the bad thing about
Vietnam and and it's not perfect come on
you know I I want you know I want you to
look at the the fact and talk to a real
Vietnamese person that live in Vietnam
because you should also should not just
the Vietnamese living in the outside in
the the other countries that got all the
car brainwashed by the anti-communist
propaganda especially from USA like we
are not bad as bad as you believe or ask
the US propaganda is talking to us you
need to look at the fact you cannot just
say that okay so you cannot say that all
communism is bad because look at the
dams enemy's Goffman now no it's not no
I'm not saying all coming I mean we can
look at like a number of communist
governments that have failed miserably
point why communism is bad let's listen
to me me I will tell you a little bit
about history
why all the communism country in the
world [ __ ] up like this first in the
1945 we had our first revolution and
and right after that France jump to us
right after that American jumped us and
bombers astonish and then is China to it
and then even in the from the 80s in the
80s we have ten years a real communist
country the world
my mom living in that time is a society
when the whole village talked us talking
about her videos only gathered together
work together they we all poor but we
all put the same and we share everything
we have and she said that was the best
time that she had in her life bad in the
1991 when I was born USSR collapsed the
reason why you won't know why the USSR
collapsed and then we lost our real the
only one ally in the world because the
whole world turn our back on us only the
u.s. has a time Pakistan they helped us
a lot like we were so poor we lack up
everything we don't have any resources
because you or the capitalist country in
the were destroyed them all okay and in
the 1991 we we were left alone in the
world and then the whole world even the
Macedo who a bank they faucet to let the
capitalism in or else they will leave us
alone and then we would die that poverty
and that's how we were [ __ ] out
because of you if the whole world just
decide to to help us or to just walk
with us not we we we don't require any
great great the calves or something just
walk with us
thus trade with us would be like then I
would continue now I can continue though
the company's society until now but no
you didn't let me do that because we
what the best evidence to prove the
water communism will work well and you
don't let us do that you faster if you
want like if you want to play our games
you have to follow a rule and then and
from the 90s to touch in early 2000 we
have the kind of the normal reforms now
the time we try to combine the communism
and capitalism together we have to let
the capitalism into ruin our country but
we still try our best to keep the
totalism
the communism in our country to help
people that's why we have I I am proud
to tell you that to tell you this we
have the best price control in the world
nobody no country in the world can do
this like us like we have to rehab price
control in price rise always so cheap
that even the homeless people can have
it
we had a swine flu there's a spine
disease every way I was cutting his
pretty say yeah yeah your Mike's cutting
out so go ahead and try talking now
check check one yep okay sound good all
right continue we had a we had a there
was a swine disease recently in
Southeast Asia and like Cambodia and all
these other countries in Southeast Asia
were kind of those the pork cries go
really high up
but Vietnam has price controls they put
in and which they have price controls on
a lot of things like permanent price
controls but this was like an emergency
price Control they put that in and so
like we didn't even notice it happening
we had to see it on the news that all
these other countries were suffering
because of that we had to kill millions
of pock pics all over the country but
the big prize the paw price still stays
the same and the Gasman will import the
pot from the other country and then they
will pay the price gap they will use the
tax I've been hearing a great example of
a price control working but I mean I can
point to Venezuela for price controls
absolutely failing I mean 80 percent
capitalist owned economy so it's the
same thing but the okay it was a country
that tried price controls and the the
price controls were too stringent and it
wasn't possible to produce anything at
that level and they left I mean I mean
kind of a macroeconomic policy can like
fail or succeed depending on how its
implemented of course oh yeah of course
would you be against yaprak I think
price controls in general are horrible
unless there's some type of externality
that's preventing you from like settling
on like a good market condition for a
society I have been what internality
look like so like an externality might
be like like maybe there is like an
ultra inelastic demand for a certain
type of good so there are some types of
medicine for instance that are that
to be consumed like insulin if these
types of things are unaffordable by
about food food needs to be consumed
yeah but it seems like for the most
point I'm not saying that glibly because
I'll say this
we don't need price controls on the West
for food because it seems like for the
most part most people are eating in the
West oh my god you come to rural South
care and you talk to some elderly people
are some of the black folks there I've
been in Vietnam for six years I've been
all over this country I've been in the
rural deep deep parts of rural
countryside where very few foreigners
ever go I have never seen poverty in
this country that approach it and I'm
sure that there might be some somewhere
but that this isn't rape but like my
skin I see in South Carolina are
overweight the idea that it's our food
is to expend you're malnourished because
they so when you start talking about
when the over capitalism almost or
anything and they could KFC and okay
hamburgers everywhere is [ __ ]
expensive and that's the only thing you
can have and that make you not cos use
the disease and the health care system
is not cheap enough for you to cheat
them all and that's the problem
you're fat not because you're rich come
on you're fair because that's the
disease and that's the only thing their
main arm is people how would price
control how would a price control help
you with a food desert I agree that food
deserts are a problem and that poor
people don't have access to high
nutrition content food but I don't know
why you think of a price control would
fix that person as a food desert one of
the main features of a food desert is
that there are places to buy food but
they're places like 7-eleven or
McDonald's and so the healthy nutritious
wholesome food is either unavailable
completely or way too expensive like if
you want to go buy an apple as I
understand this I understand what a food
desert is I'm asking you to tell me how
a price control would help you with a
food desert if you can't charge more
than like whatever arbitrary number 25
cents for an apple or whatever then
7-eleven can't charge a dollar or two
for an apple and and it's not just a
matter of price controls it's also a
matter of availability like here now in
in some provinces in Vietnam we have a
kind of the drive
season line they cannot roll rice
because of there's no rain and you know
what our Garmin wanted Armand do the lot
dog admin will send the rice to the
local government and see how it there so
really cheap price less time like like
50 stand for one kilogram of rice and
one kilogram is shitload of rice the
whole family can eat for a whole week so
I mean I'm pretty sure that if you set
like I'm pretty sure if you just set
these price controls in some of these
markets then they would just stop
selling those particular products like
if they can't make any money off of it
they just wouldn't sell it
that's your problem with capitalism
you're correct yes I mean huge problems
with state planning I mean we I mean you
can laugh about it but you don't have
countries to point you that are
successful capitalist ones like I do
Vietnam is your go-to Creek and I can
point to Germany France Italy the United
States Canada sweet like I mean this is
not like destiny how would you solve the
problem so you know there's there's
obviously a problem that when you go out
to get food you can get a cheeseburger
for a dollar but a solids like five
bucks so how would you solve that
problem under capitalism without the
price control careful you can wait wait
you met overthrow America right I don't
you just be careful because if you say
overthrow I don't want the cops show up
at your house and arrest you or
something like those other hundred fifty
people that apparently don't exist in
your prisons okay so be real careful
with what you say there all right so in
terms of like in terms of like fixing
like food problems in the United States
it's a really complicated question it
seems like right now it's really easy to
produce low nutrient high calorie like
high carb high sugar food personally I'm
a big fan of like a type of sugar tax I
think that we should be incentivizing
companies to make healthier food I don't
know what that would look like I think
easily is the United Kingdom I think
trying a sugar tax I don't know if they
actually implemented that or not but is
or talks a bit but um yeah like obesity
and these and the last that's just gonna
make the food that's available more
expensive though I mean it's not maybe
those maybe it'll incentivize the the
productions of different types of food
or maybe it'll try to like like you're
trying to racketeer the market in like
it's like you're saying okay the mark
grades right the manipulated a whole
hell of a lot yep it's like why not just
give people food if they're hungry why
not just give them food because less
does this fantasy world where we can
have maximum production to get everybody
houses
food clothing it doesn't exist it's not
possible six times more empty houses the
United States and there are homeless
people we throw away wait how do these
chambers are connected Oh what does that
have to do with anything at all why
should anybody be homeless when we have
empty house we everyone can obsess about
an empty house has to do the homeless /
are you gonna steal those houses from
people that own them or what what's this
I know I mean I'm not it's strange that
as immunised you're telling me this why
why do you you said it's a fantasy land
so why would you say that it's
impossible to just distribute resources
like that because I doesn't it doesn't
seem to be that markets can't just be
centrally planned for well I mean like
no I'm saying I'm saying so I mean it's
frustrating because like you can tell me
you can tell you're basically telling me
like in a storybook like oh yeah people
will vote themselves less hours they
won't work as much we'll have more
resources
everybody will be allocated without any
type of and like how am I supposed to
argue with that this is pure delusion
let's Pitt let's pivot away let's pivot
away from Vietnam okay I don't really
wanna talk about you now anymore because
I wouldn't if I were you either but yeah
we can pivot away from real nuts because
look all right yeah yeah I'm not the
reason I want to peel away from Vietnam
is because as much as I admire many of
the social systems that are in place
here they're not an Erica commies
government so I feel like I've kind of
gotten pain into this corner well fine
yeah we don't have to go Vietnam that I
did I just I didn't understand the
defense but we don't have to go into
Vietnam that's fine go yeah go back to
that yeah so I want to go back to the US
so like okay there's this idea and I
don't know if anybody's talking about us
before or not but there's this idea and
you might agree or disagree you might
have but the idea is that scarcity is
basically a capitalist myth
okay and that and you could look at
there are a lot of different sources of
evidence for that some like for instance
even Benjamin Franklin like - 200 years
ago or whatever said that a lot of
people who have done these studies you
can look at them up have said that like
really we could all have all of our
material needs met
Benjamin Franklin said like four or five
hours per day four or five hours per day
five days a week and a lot of people
Kropotkin did an analysis in the at the
turn of the $0.20 ree us I don't have
the name in my head but you could look
this stuff up
like what what kind of
work actually has we put in in society
for everyone to have food shelter
clothing the basic needs of life and
throughout the last 200 years almost
every study I've every study I've seen
and I would welcome any dissenting
studies but they say that like if
everyone worked about four or five hours
per day we would definitely with
especially with all of the industrial
and agricultural and technological
marvels we have in terms of production
it's absolutely unnecessary for people
to be working eight nine ten hours per
day 60 hour weeks that like the way a
lot of people do in America are working
two or three jobs and you know you can
also look at the book about the book
[ __ ] jobs it goes into this in great
detail about how so much of the labor
that is being done under capitalism is
just completely useless and it's a waste
of human life and potential and energy
when you say so much of the labor I'm
just just to get a ballpark percentage
of that what do you mean like half the
jobs in this country are worthless or
like five to ten percent are worthless
I'm just kidding I'm not pushing exactly
I'm just curious what you mean when you
say ya know I would say half I would say
if because it because currently we're
the average workday is probably round
eight hours do you ever take wait so
half the jobs and half the hours worked
half the labor let's say half the labor
okay okay you understand that this I
don't know number can't be eaten right
like if I was working retail I can I
can't work four hours a day that has to
be like you have to have somebody there
they can't get there were no no no no
it's not a I don't want to be like like
an arbitrary kind of absolutely no I'm
saying
broadly speaking capitalism is very
inefficient in this in the sense that we
have a bounty of surplus in a developed
nation in terms of what we produce we
could have a ballast boundless surplus
of of product in developing countries if
only they were given access to own their
own means of production the workers I'm
talking about right so I and I do I do
not think that this point is as easily
dismissable as you say it is that we
have six empty houses for every homeless
person and we throw away however many
tons of food every day that means that
we have a huge surplus we do not have
the scarcity that capitalism once you
believe it has capitalism capitalists
make a lot of money by manipulating
supply and demand right I I worked in
marketing for ten years I had an ad
agency my job was to manipulate drops to
keep the rise that's true and in their
photographs not the cream you know in
Vietnam there are farmers that burn
crops so that they can manipulate the
price in the in the government
give me for free to poor people how do
you give it for free though somebody has
to transport it there somebody has to
harvest if somebody has to manufacture
it into like some type of food product
somebody has to like this all take stuff
I'm not saying it shouldn't happen but
like this is gonna require some level of
government organization to get this done
I don't disagree that in fact it well
hold on you do need government
organization it just it could be self
governed but you do know you of course
you what is self governed means I'm
gonna walk onto somebody's fields and
like steal their crops and just go like
start a company that doesn't yeah okay
so okay if if a person if it should be
criminal in my opinion it should not be
permitted not necessarily say this one
is like get locked up in prison but it
should not be permitted for a person to
have or you know an entity that's
profiting off of having [ __ ] that people
need to live why and restricting it from
them
what is your justification for for
instance because and they didn't have
the rights to make money off and they
just with all the ground water in a
developing nation and then selling it
back to people in bottled water like why
is that I don't have to buy bottle or if
you buy bottled water in America you're
dumb as you can drink water anyway I'm
talking about a developing country like
Nestle will go in and they don't you
mind your microphone cutting yeah your
mic cut out so can i yeah okay so Nestle
has a practice of going into a
developing nation taking the ground
water with a pump in a big factory and
taking the ground water out of the
ground so that in and even in like
drought circumstances and then selling
the water back to the people yeah that
sounds really that doesn't sound like a
capitalism is super why is that okay
what is different so I say that it
sounds [ __ ] up but then if I say you
know Aldi has a grocery store full of
freakin groceries and there's a homeless
guy right outside starving what's the
difference because they don't have their
publication to give away their things to
other people that's not how we expect
forget what what what gave them the
license to own the things that they have
that's just how our society's organize
what do you mean what gave them the
license they somebody bought it they
probably paid money for it
as a former capitalist myself as
somebody who owned a bit
this okay I had complete autocratic
control over my company sure you are the
owner why wouldn't you why because
you've owned the company Gerty what do
you mean what game how did I get how did
I come to own the business
I imagine you invested some initial
capital you probably got some number of
employees to work it for you and you
probably made decisions that ended up
profiting your company right I had more
money than they did at the story of
course you're the business owner why
would they have more money than you what
why they wouldn't work for you when I
started the company when I stood okay
why don't they sir okay I'll tell you
why they don't start their own company
because let's look at the United States
numbers here okay you can look you can
look up anybody who wants to can look
these up I'm very confident these
numbers the average worker makes around
$30,000 per year okay they have about
thousand one thousand dollars you know
in their bank account like to their name
in cash they have about six thousand
dollars in credit card debt and and the
average startup business or they also
live paycheck the tip to paycheck and
the average startup cost for a small
business is about thirty thousand
dollars which happens to be how much a
worker makes in a year and the main
reason that businesses fail is because
of undercapitalization and that is you
know you you have to have a lot of
capital startup money to get a business
going so it is not just an option for
anyone to go out and start their own
business yeah for sure yeah why is that
you think that's okay so you think that
I had autocratic I had a justifiable out
of credit control over the lives of the
work lives of fifteen people and you're
sure you're the one that initially
invested the capital if you want to talk
about like do you think that like income
inequality like isn't good or that more
people need more money like these are
things I agree with but what you're
gonna sit here and ask me do you think
that I as the sole owner of a business
that is fully liable for everything that
this business does and for all the
losses of profits or the actual got a
limited liability company which meant
that I'm not gonna lose anything more
than what's in the company bank you have
to invest money into that bank it or
defer to work yeah okay look it's your
capital at the end of the day so I would
expect you to be the owner of it of
course why would anybody else own that
if it's your capital initially what what
gives somebody else to write to your
capital so if there's a like let's if
we're on an island and there's ten
people and person has when we have a
little financial economy right and one
person has
literally all the money uh-huh then he's
the boss of the island he's the king of
the island I mean I would say he has a
right to like decide how he wants it
should to be ran now if we want to talk
about like we want to redistribute the
money to other people through the form
of taxes or something I'm 100% okay with
that I don't think it's right that one
guy has all the money but I wouldn't
expect him to operate a firm where he
would just give it all away that doesn't
make any sense or where he would give
other people owner that's just not how
firms operate any understanding the word
yes oh so because that's the way we're
doing things now that's the way it has
to be as it sounds like that's what your
step the problem is were conflating all
sorts of moral arguments with our
economic organization like when you tell
me like a cat did you know that a
capital owner that has 100% equity in a
business is the one that's getting all
the profits well yeah that's like that's
a tautology like that definitionally
follows of course now if you want I
think we should have democracy but
there's a different question when you're
like if laborers are poor oh well that's
a problem then we need to address that
either with negative tax rates either
with higher minimum wage either with
some other form of distribution
redistribution from wealthy people but
these two questions are like
fundamentally disconnected from one
another I don't see like some more no
way okay so capitalism frames things and
it's really kind of and I'm not being
dishonest but I think that capitalism
has a dishonest way of framing things
because they frame it like okay there's
a limited amount of resources and the
people who have the resources they run
the show and and that's just the way it
is because there's not enough to go
around we have to compete and fight for
it all but the objective reality is that
there is enough food clothing shelter
enough of the material needs for life
for everyone to be secure sure so right
for what this is we just jumped
arguments completely like are you
talking about it I didn't mean to well
like because do we think about whether
or not the sole owner that has 100
equity and some sort of firm should he
be getting all the profit that's a
different thing than we're producing
enough right now to feed everybody and
we need to redistribute it these are
what's the big like why do you think
there needs to be one person who who has
this autocratic control of any
institution like where what's the well
there doesn't need to be one person that
ideological investors they can be
partnerships there could be a publicly
traded company with a bunch of
shareholders I mean why does it have to
be that way why like what what's the
reasoning just because that's the way it
is now how do you don't ownership in a
company what do you mean who owns the
company I mean everyone owns it everyone
who works there owns it well the name
will have to cough up the capital to do
it boom I mean then they can go make
their own company like what do you mean
if you want to do that if you want to
get 20 workers together they all have 10
grand that they want to throw into a
company well then they they're welcome
to go and do it thing is that they don't
have 10 grand
ok don't have 10 grand nobody has the
capital to do it where we're locked into
the system from birth in most cases if
you look at like the chances of a
somebody born into poverty escaping
poverty it's very low and by the way the
United States has a lower chance of a
person escaping property than the in
Vietnam that's a little trick Vietnam
also has the highest the fastest
increasing amount of diabetes type 2 in
Southeast Asia I mean like we can do
like random like numbers stamps like all
day long but that's that I was a jab
what okay so I mean like this is this
isn't relevant like it's very hard for
me to like I can't address like moral
arguments within like the framework or
cattle ISM like you're like basically
saying like like if I would if I
increase the cost on this thing won't
less people buy it and I'm like yeah any
like that's evil and like no that's just
a fact of the matter now if you want to
talk about like should people be able to
afford something oh I totally agree so
let's talk about policies how could we
fix that but you can't just say like
here's an observation of capitalism
isn't that evil well no it's just an
observation this is a reality of
capitalism like this is how I guess what
I'm saying is kin here's that here's the
thing here's here's my biggest question
for you I guess this is what it all
boils down to okay can we not come up
with a better way of doing things
yeah I mean I don't I hope we can maybe
but this seems to be the best thing so
far communist they never can they can't
even tell me how a factory is organized
like let alone any of the more cobbled
you I know that's not fair because I
gave you plenty of little hypothet
wait let's revisit them and you can
remind me so let's see of a factory with
70 white workers and 30 black workers
and the white workers don't ever want to
vote for a black manager
what is this factory appeal to if you
don't have a state or anything to appeal
to how did that black workers get the
group I told you that they would have a
government that could have governments
that they could appeal to all right like
in terms of the communal organizations
they can appeal to those you know what
in the black people because this is very
likely what if they're just a minority
in the society so in the communal boards
they don't have very much black
representation either do they just have
to rise up or they hopefully not but I
you say to yourself that in Alabama or
whatever you wouldn't want that state to
immediately change over to like some
stateless society because all the black
would get fun right didn't you say that
okay so so let's not put the cart before
the horse in terms of what we advocate
for as anarchists in terms of
revolutionary praxis so we're we think
that you'd have to have the systems in
place before you can make the change so
like for instance the the secondary and
dual power structure thing is like
totally key and we need to be building
like like we say we need to be building
those right now under capitals and we
need to have those right now under
capitals and we need to have you know
organisations of trans people
organizations of syndicates we need to
have like people organized right now and
force flow structures once you disband
your government how do you enforce it
what if everybody's like what do you not
think that it is a form of violence it's
violent state violence is is an everyday
occurrence in the Unites States of
America it is in the street and I want
to go if I'm if I'm starving and I go
into a grocery store and I want to get
an Apple to eat the police can come out
and arrest me lock me up for a couple
years
shoot me whatever they have the violent
they have the monopoly on violence that
allows them to violently enforce what
they think is the proper way to
distribute things so if I say that a
group of black workers in a factory was
thirty percent black and 70 percent
white and they're being I mean it
depends on the scale of oppression of
course like like you know it's like
being oppressed I can I feel like if
this if the 70 percent are like we're
not gonna work at all I mean then yeah
and of course that would be an instance
where they you it violence meets
violence you know it's like if if the 70
percent of the white workers are come
like you're using this weird I'm like
using anything we have believe it or not
it was a fact world that slavery was
real having that segregation existed
that white people didn't want to work
with black didn't even want go to the
same schools as them it's crazy so I
mean this is that if 70 percent of those
white workers are so completely unopened
to change and to listen to those black
people then I think those black people
have every right and to use whatever
means they need to to take control of
their own lives and their own labor and
yes if that if it comes down to the fact
that those white people are so rapidly
aggressively racist that they're
basically having some kind of workshop
slavery system then that would be and
yeah I would advocate for violence and
that's
but I don't think people are that
unreasonable and I think that I think
that the 70% of white workers would
probably like when the 30% of their
co-workers the people that they work
with everyday when that 30% of black
workers come to them and say hey look
this is a problem we really want you to
address this I think that people will
work together and they will solve those
problems the same way that people in the
legislative system of a state do only
better because in this situation you're
representing yourself directly you're
not electing some representative to go
and hope that they do what you want them
to do you're coming to the table
yourself and you're and you're buying
into the system yourself and you have
ownership of the system yourself that
gives you a confidence and strength in
representing yourself that we don't have
in the in the state that we have right
now we're seeing like the average person
treats like you said to yourself earlier
a disabled person or a trans person but
somehow in your world these people just
magically come together and love it's
not magic at all it's gonna take a ton
of work and a ton of pain and it's gonna
be a painful process but but absolutely
start under capitalism like most of
these structures already need to be
there under capitalism for this to even
work you said we need to well yeah okay
so this is where there might be a little
bit of disconnect yeah so I'm not saying
tomorrow let's all go get our ak-47
overthrow cap no I'm saying here's what
here's how here's how anarchists want a
lot of anarchists want to do things we
want to start building and organizing
these structures right now and there are
ways that people do it that are
completely nonviolent the opposite of
violence so for instance Food Not Bombs
is a really great example of like an
anarchist organization they get together
they get the food they distribute it
they don't they don't use the state
intervention at all in fact the state
has has blocked Food Not Bombs from
distributing food to people in the past
so we can do these things now we don't
have to wait for some some proverbial
revolution it's not like a it's not like
a doomsday cult or we're all saying okay
as soon as the revolution happens we're
gonna overthrow the factory no we're
saying unionize right now make a
militant Union right now make a trade
union right now make Food Not Bombs
burgers right now start organizing your
community right now these are things we
can do that are anarchist practice
practice that we could put into effect
right now and start building the society
that we want to see starting with our
own backyard starting with our own
personal lives it's not it's not like a
utopian revolution and then everything's
gonna be great it's like we what we're
trying to do is turn people on to this
mindset and this method of analysis
where we look
hierarchies and we try to dismantle them
wherever we find them wherever they're
there and just and that's all it is
it's as simple as that racism is
hierarchy and you know what capitalism
is using is so well what is the purpose
of racism I believe that the purpose of
racism that to convince and to persuade
people that you're better than the other
one by just your looking that was just
racist I mean yes yes okay but it's
exacerbated by like when you're racing
and you believe that you're white and
then you deserve a better life condition
you deserve a highways and black people
that's the product does not think that
the weapon that capitalism is you need
so well to separate us and living in the
anarchism society right and come no
communism Society that like people are
free to move in or move our society but
there have been socialist societies or
communist societies or worker ran
societies that have also like tried to
kill Jewish people or gay people like
that's not just a mass that's that's not
true that's not what happened because in
your communism society racism doesn't
work you we all have share the same
thing and if you're racists to the other
people you can get any more than him and
you internet can get any more than you
and if you don't want and if you still
want to be racist yourself just go to we
had a community father's idea that you
feel we do so we have this we have this
uh we have this another important
concept mannerism is free association
and so that's the idea that like if
nobody should be forced to like I want
be careful this because it's not going
in the direction that you probably get
is it's more complicated than it sounds
but like nobody should be forced to work
with other people that they feel are
exploiting or abusing them or
what-have-you or so so the situation
it's not to say that like the seventy
percent of white workers that have all
the power like shouldn't have to work
with the black people but it's to say
that like if the thirty percent minority
group feels like they're being abused
then they have every right to try to
build their own power structure okay and
that doesn't mean like like if you if
you if you use this hypothetical example
of one factory in an isolated situation
it all breaks down because anarchism is
like again a way of analyzing every
system and and how they work together
like this we can construct more systems
to work on our hypothetical to I just
want like the whole point of a
hypothetical is just to isolate some
principle that you have so that I can
say it's too complicated
no it's not too complicated but let's
just okay I'll go down the road okay so
the thirty percent of black people they
the first step that they would I would
say that it would probably escalate
right depending on how much resistance
they get from the 70 percent majority
group right so if the thirty percent
minority group the first thing they
would probably do is you know form their
direct they're a dual power structure
come together come up with a proposal
for a solution and then they would bring
that to like the larger body the larger
council of workers and they would say
look here are the problems that we see
here is our proposed solution and let's
talk about it and then they would have a
discussion now ideally if everyone's
reasonable and then the complaints are
legitimate and the solution makes sense
the ideal thing it would end there and
they would just ratify this and put that
into place now maybe the 70% of people
are being kind of shitty and they're
like yeah we'll make some concessions
but not a lot well okay that's not the
end of the line they can then go and
they can talk to other factories you
know in other places of work and they
can build a larger dual power structure
which is like a Council of councils of
you know this minority groups
representation across a lot of different
factories and then they could say like
okay we're all going to put pressure on
this one factory because this one
factors being shitty and there are lots
of different ways that they could put
pressure this is like the same arguments
that libertarians make for why we should
remove protected classes in the United
States well I didn't finish the road if
the factories don't you know if the
factories can't solve it on their own
then there would be a community
government and it you know depending on
the size of the community everything it
might in many ways resemble what you
think of as a state because there might
be like any they would have like they
would have teeth in certain ways they
would they would have the ability to say
hey like you can't exploit people or
well they're not going to I'll answer
usually I don't think it would come down
to violence usually I think it would
come to these like you have like the
come on I mean that's what the police do
in the United States is they enact
violence I mean I don't like so you have
like you have a racist community that
just doesn't like black people and now
you've made it so that they can say hey
we can vote black you bought our factory
that's awesome you're telling me that
like a third party commune or whatever
is gonna come and say well actually you
guys need to shape up and they'll be
like oh okay
that is what happened in the in the
United States no I mean what else there
was a lot of violence in the United
States when it came to civil rights and
stuff it was loaded with violence so
there will probably be some violence I
mean I'm not gonna say that there will
never be I mean what what what but what
but I'm saying we would try to reduce
violence by making these organizations
democratic and right now by like vesting
like violence in the state by giving the
state the sole authority on violence it
seems like you can disincentivize some
racial behavior like hey you might think
that racist behavior might be good but
by the way if you do it you're going to
face these consequences because we've
trusted the state to enact certain
measures against you if you do it
so even if you are racist and
disincentivizes you from doing it
anarchists have all those tools
available but we would not use them in
the same way as the as the state as the
capitalist state so if if your
hypothetical situation I mean I'm just
saying if you had us if you did have a
community that was like aggressively
racist and was absolutely say that's
like it's so improbably and aggressively
no I'm saying like if in my home town if
you're like in my home town okay I think
it's justifiable to for people to occupy
that's and and perhaps even if it comes
down to it use violence to resist uh few
have it it's just like when you have
fascists in the street that are going
around and and targeting and bullying
LGBTQ people or whatever yeah it's
totally justifiable to go up and punch
the Nazi or to do what you have to do to
make the person secure to make the
community safe I mean that yeah I'm not
a I'm not like a I'm a pacifist in the
sense that I want to avoid violence as
much as possible and try to find
nonviolent solutions for things but if
you're talking about people who are so
violent themselves in the sense that
they want to oppress dominate and
exploit a minority group then that might
be a situation where that calls for
violence unfortunately but it might be
yeah I mean
saying it wouldn't it sounds like the
difference in the violence that you're
talking about EJ is like you're the you
justify violence when it's coming from
the bottom up towards someone at the top
of the hierarchy down and then just I
mean well there's over simplifying I
would say this violence is justified
when it prevents further violence oh hey
notification for state violence all
state violence I don't like it decreases
other violence I mean that's the whole
reason why we why we trust the state
with so violent authorities so we're not
all violent towards one another right
but the police are heavily favored the
elite protected class and as an example
of that I mean this is a non
hypothetical is just from my lived
experience when I had my home
burglarized when I was like 20 years old
and I was just this poor guy living in a
house with five other poor people um the
police came out and they said probably
how much we can do and they left but
when I had my business burglarized I
wasn't really brutalized I think it was
a false alarm but the police came out
they checked everything they took
fingerprints they like had this whole
operation because it was a business and
and that's a small micro example but
generally speaking fit away hold on
firstly okay if somebody broke into your
house and you call police over I mean
like if there is like evidence that they
can collect they'll do it but most
break-ins are like somebody like smashed
a window and they went in and they stole
some [ __ ] there's not gonna be like some
like crazy amount of like investigatory
work that's gonna like turn it there was
for my business like this I don't know
if like the net worth of your business
was like super high or something like
this is like a great like one-off story
but okay here's a better example here's
a better example like like black people
and trans people and a lot of people are
like terrified of calling the police
and it would be like dangerous for
someone to call the police in a lot of
communities because they might get shot
even though they're the victim do you
see what I'm saying so like no that's
totally unrelated to what you said
before it's like there are group there
are there are elite classes so let's say
somebody let's say that like I'm I'm I
think somebody's about to kill me and I
call the police are they protecting me
because I'm an elite class or by people
can't even believe it
like people do call the police sometimes
too if they feel like their lives are
under threat and the police show up and
they don't just kill the black people
all the time I know it happened too
sometimes but it's pretty rare but there
are there are many if not most black
people are have trepidation about yeah
I'm sure they do but it's not like
there's like a 60% chance that when you
call the cops as a black person they're
gonna show up and kill you like that's
didn't say that but I said that the
police protect the police protect
certain classes far more than they
protect other classes and the police are
much more violent toward certain classes
than other classes I don't agree with
that but these classes that you're
talking about like when we talk about
things like race this isn't addressed
under your quasi whatever system you're
talking about nah it's not address
because communism doesn't fix racial
problems I hope you don't think it does
cannot have communism until you have
some unity between the races I mean I
would just say that like it's a
prerequisite that we to see the way that
these hierarchies function in society
that's why it's a big part of anarchist
revolution is education and in
socialization of these ideas and making
the mainstream of public and and it
happens quickly like five years ago I
was like a massage it had a lot of
latent racism I still have I still
struggled those issues and I'm still
trying to dismantle it within my own
mind I'm absolutely not saying that I'm
perfect but you can learn this basics of
this stuff pretty quickly and learn to
start dismantling your own misogyny your
own racism your own homophobia it's not
like a big ask but the first step is
understanding the role that race and
homophobia and all these other things do
the role that they play in our society
and the way these power structures are
used to keep some people on top and keep
some people on the bottom so this is not
something an irk ISM is something that
has to happen from the ground up
absolutely you can't do you think
they're do you think that Vietnam
struggles with racist problems right now
against the is it day cars I don't know
pronounces yeah there are ethnic
minorities that have a lot of problems
with suppression in in Vietnam but how
is this possible if it's a communist
government I already told you I'm not
here to completely defend Vietnam I'm
just here to set the record straight
that there's a lot of misinformation
about Vietnam and the the capitalist
media makes it seem a lot worse than it
is but that
not to say that I will defend every
single action that the Vietnamese
government does because I'm not a
Marxist Leninist
okay okay I mean that's just is there
any there's carries just for my reading
later is there any country that you can
point to at any point in human history
that exemplifies like the values that
you're talking about I think some of
them that came the closest I can give
you a few examples
Spanish Catalonia existed for a think
about for years they increased
productivity of the working of the
workers they did fail because of I would
say more political reasons because of
like a lack of unity between the liberal
anarchists and the Marxist Leninist sand
some there's a lot of like sub
subterfuge going on but when they were
when Catalonia was an anarchist Society
by all accounts it functioned very
smoothly and it was a pretty good
example of a success story there was the
free territories in the Ukraine very
similar story there what 'day there is
and I'm not gonna say that this is
perfect either
but northern Syria Rose Java which I
talked about earlier they are trying to
work towards a more an artistic society
they are doing a lot of things right in
terms of creating the wins councils I
talked about in terms of trying to
educate so this is another thing that ro
Java does they have education like all
the time for their community so like the
whole community comes together and they
talk about these things they have like
you know people will like give basically
workshops on taking ownership and
governance self-government that sort of
it's a big part of it is education and
in teaching people how to govern
themselves that was something that when
I spoke to the internationals comm
universe Java they said that was a
that's a big part of the struggle in ro
Java is that a lot of people they saw
rah Java with the Kurdish people have
been like brutally dominated by you know
other powers for most of their existence
and they too being dominated that they
didn't know how to govern themselves so
they're they're actively trying to build
workshops to teach the people you know
how to enact self-government so that's a
big part of that then you can also look
it I don't think that they self
described themselves as anarchistic but
certainly the Zapatistas I'm not gonna
say just because I'm not I'm not super
familiar with this so the Raja thes
people military forest is the SDF the
syrian democratic forces
yes they used to be the Yippity I think
with these people not like funded and
backed by the United States they did
they do have or they have had joint
military operations against Isis yeah
and they helped to defeat Isis side by
side with United States forces I would
call that something I would I would
personally a lot of anarchist actually
think that ro Java is like some kind of
like imperialist us-backed organization
I don't see it that way I think that it
was a necessary evil sort of deal where
it was like they were in a really shitty
situation they had to fight against Isis
on one side and Turkey on the other and
the United States offered them some
military aid and support and they took
it now there are anarchist who disagree
with me about that that's the way that I
personally see it from my own research
and and also Rowe job has changed a lot
and is changing a lot so they used to be
Marxist Leninist the the the people that
you know live in that in the reserve in
territory now you see Marxist Leninist
and they have been working towards a
more anarchistic I think I think so
there's their leader a salon who bases
most of his ideas on anarchist thinkers
like Murray Bookchin I believe so
they're working towards that it's not
something that can happen overnight
anarchism is a and one of the biggest
criticisms of anarchism is that it tends
to be a slower process than a vanguard
Marxist Leninist party where you just
have one party go in and get the guns
and overthrow the state anarchism is
it's going to require people to govern
themselves and we are not currently
necessarily equipped or socialized to do
that and in and that's that's a big part
of this struggle is is teaching people
how to control our own lives we've been
so dominated for so long by so many
different forms of oppression that we
will have to go through a maturing
process and a lot of struggling with
ourselves to learn and these are
problems that we have in our anarchist
can I mean we're we still have a lot of
think out in terms of how we can work
together across racial divisions across
you know lgbtq+ slash like sis
heteronormative divisions there these
are these are definitely like pain
points and these are places where we're
still working out the solutions to a lot
of these problems but the point is that
we are working diligently
to figure out the solutions of these
problems so it's a process it's not a
it's not a like a formula a magical
formula for a perfect world it's a
process and it's a lens through which to
view the world okay I mean I'd rather
reform the system that I live in now
that I feel like works for the most part
and has some problems that could be
patched and fixed rather than I guess
like jumping face to a whole new system
that I feel like doesn't even
necessarily address those problems but I
mean maybe we progress to yours at some
point in the future after enough reform
which i think is fine if that happens
how much time do you not agree that the
I mean how do you feel about environment
I'm like the the fact that we're
hurtling towards irrecoverable
destruction of our yeah that's really
bad but what about it do you not think
that I mean so do you agree like do you
believe the findings that it's about
like what ten or twelve years before
it's irreversible the climate
destruction have you heard that or do
you agree I mean I've even know
different numbers get thrown around all
the time but yeah obviously climate
change is like a really bad thing do you
think that reform and and the capitalist
systems that we have now equipped to
address that in time and are you seeing
the movement that's needed the drastic
movement that's needed happening in any
way it's not capitalism definitely has
the tools to address the problem but the
problem is the people not the economic
system the problem what can you explain
that elaborate on that the front like
Apple in the United States I don't even
know if they think climate change is
even real like if you look at like the
Republican Party these aren't people
that are gonna vote in their worker
coops to reduce pollution thank you well
that's the United States most countries
don't have that same perception and also
I'll say that that you think that
developing countries would ask you like
further development in order to make
make their lives more painful because
the word about climate change no I'm
saying that most countries besides the
United States don't have a population
that is majority climate change denial
denier
you know what I'm saying but you will
also say I will also say that um the
fact the reason that a lot of these
people have these misconceptions about
climate change is because of the
enormous amount of wealth that is spent
- basically brainwash people into
believing that there's no climate change
and this money is spent by capitalists
who have the wealth and the means and
the power to you know get their voice
broadcast in a way that uh people who
don't have that wealth are unable to do
it
you know I'm saying yeah but I mean in
any type of society where people's jobs
are tied into energy like fossil fuels I
would expect those same people to be a
lobbying the government like crazy as
well and actually in your society I
could be wrong maybe you have another
out for this but in your society
wouldn't even able to change it because
you have to impose on them hey your jobs
need to not exist anymore we're shutting
you down I don't know how you would do
that without a state government or some
violence vested in some third party
authority do you think that like
somebody who works on an oil refinery
that's producing oil for like giant
corporation if I said to them like hey
instead of just working on oil platforms
why don't you come back and we'll give
you some food in a house and we'll give
you another job do you think they would
resist that hard I mean in your we're no
no no no they wouldn't in the magical
world where you have enough food and
resources and everything for everybody
regardless if it works what jobs and you
bring them back then no they would agree
with it I mean I can never argue it's
not magical we have enough food we have
enough food we have enough housing you
only have because people are producing
it under a capitalist system you don't
your there's no guarantee that if you
just like I don't even know how you
would distribute this food but they
don't guarantee that these people would
produce this food otherwise on any other
system like so you think the reason that
migrant workers are working in the
fields to make food for like 25 cents an
hour is because of the because they care
about the profit motive of the
corporations that they're working for no
why would you ever expect to labor at a
camp at the profit motive of a
corporation that's not what Labour's job
is library's job is to secure the
highest amount of wages they can for the
least amount of work yeah and then so
that's that brings you to the great
contradiction of capitalism because how
is it a creation core the corporation's
incentive is to lower wages as much as
possible and get them to work as much as
possible and but at the same time they
want buyers for their products which is
a thorough for a farmer's job yeah of
course a firm's job is to reduce costs
as much as possible and a laborers job
is to increase cause as much as boss
yeah this isn't a contradiction this is
a market negotiation like this to happen
would it not be better when it not be
better if a firm's job instead of being
like completely yoked and harness to the
profit motive of the individual
capitalist or capitalists at the top of
the hierarchy and just doing what they
say for the profits of those people
maybe instead it's like hey how can we
structure and organize this company so
that it is and I have some numbers on
this what if we structured this company
so that instead of just being harnessed
to the my profits as the owner what if
instead we structured things so that you
care more about things like the
work-life quality the quality of work
life for the workers and the benefits
that we have to society both as money or
company they're gonna go to invest money
in a company that's making more profits
well if you look at there's a study by
Virginia parroting it was like a
overview of a lot of different studies
about worker cooperatives versus
capitalist firms one of the big points
of that one of the big takeaways that
Valerie had was that like in a
for-profit privately owned corporation
the if there's a sudden like drop in
demand for something the like a demand
shock the private corporations solve
that problem by firing people in like
just like [ __ ] over a lot of their
workforce whereas the cooperatives tend
to instead they'll like come together
and just lower wages but keep everybody
employed so my point is that like yeah
there's a way so firstly of course
you're not gonna fire people because
they're all co-owners of the company you
can't fire them firstly secondly yeah
corporate like in firms in a capitalist
society tend to reduce costs when
they're when they're receiving less
income that makes sense because lowering
wages is something that socially people
can't handle it's a really really hard
thing as a company to cut wages but like
this is something that you address with
your monetary policy this is one of the
reasons why well well you could cut the
wages of like Jeff Bezos son I don't
think it's gonna be that much of a
struggle I don't think that cutting Jeff
Bezos wages is gonna like fund the
however many hundreds of thousands of
employees work at Hamm is fine I don't
think they're gonna make a lot of money
you were gonna say that because the
thing about it is is that like well I
was gonna sell argument I mean no no
it's not
because under the wage system it's not
just a fact that the problem with Jeff
Bezos and billionaires having that much
money power it's not like there's a
finite amount of dollars in the world
and if we took Jeff Bezos as dollars and
we distributed them to everybody then
everyone no that's not the way that that
economies worked the values of dollars
and the amount of dollars fluctuates
like second-by-second the the reason
Jeff Bezos has entrenched stable power
is because he has such an enormous
amount of wealth that he has such an
enormous amount of power that he could
just dominate lots and lots and lots and
lots of people so AJ's us own a
controlling share of Amazon or can the
board fire him if his performance is
about does anybody know this in chat is
he even like is he even like a majority
owner in the company or could he just be
fired by the shareholders I don't know
it doesn't if he got fired or if he was
already fired he still has billions of
dollars which still gives him power or
Society not over Amazon though oh he has
14% so he could get fired at any time by
the board they could just fire him what
like so he still has his billions of
dollars and he could still go fund a
super PAC and get whatever he wants the
blame what we just jumped on we just
jump so many topics away that was like a
that was like a double jump like oh my
god I were talking about Amazon he
clearly doesn't have if he's only got a
10% stake he could be voted out or fired
like I'm not talking about Amazon I'm
talking about that's my point that's my
point I'm not saying that if we cut Jeff
Bezos his wages and just distributed
them to all of the workers that that
would solve the problem because Jeff
Bezos already has the billions of
dollars which gives him power which is
like irrevocable if you look at like
McAfee or McAfee or whatever the dude
that made the yeah I'm not gonna die or
is that having money gives you more
power in our society I'm never gonna
disagree with that so I don't know what
you're arguing like and there are some
people that have so much power that it's
like they're they're like they have way
too much power it's US president oh yeah
yeah I mean we have look like it's a
form of oligarchy where you have a very
small so much more than power
I just don't see how that makes like how
that sits right with anyone I don't know
I just know how how would you solve for
that problem because that seems like
where we're headed at now right even in
countries like Sweden and Norway they
still have this issue so how would you
solve for that of the consolidation of
power in just the hands with you who is
that addressing that's addressing you so
I mean like the I don't know how much
I'm focused on inequality here amongst
like the literal highest earners in
society more so of like inequality
within cities it seems to be like really
high predictive or crime so if you have
like very poor areas of a city and very
wealthy areas it seems like that
produces a lot of social unrest and then
making sure that like the minimum
standards of living for people in a
country are high so for instance if you
live in a first world country today with
the wealth available to us you probably
should have health care you should have
a place to live you should have like
food to eat you should be able to afford
like education like these are things
that you absolutely should have so I
mean however much however much wealth
and economy is generating needs to be
allocated in that way via some sort of
government policy so you you would still
try to get everybody the same things
that's an EJ system it's just you have a
different way of doing it because he
wanted to give everybody food and health
care and housing and it sounds like
you're saying the same thing
well yeah but you would do this you like
subsidies or tax programs I don't think
they're just like having the government
come in and like temps either centrally
planning it or like forcing people to
give something away or like stealing
people's houses and then giving it to
people I don't know like this would be
like the way to do it like if you want
to talk about like the housing thing to
people if you wanted to start a program
with the government where you like
bought houses that market value and then
distributed those two people and you
funded that tax by say people that like
there's like a real estate tax like a 1%
real estate tax I don't know what it
would be goes in and like funds that
program yeah I'd be all in favor of that
sure what why do we need to be in a
position where we as like the billions
of the world 60% of the world at least
making less than 5 dollars per day have
to beg for the scraps of the capitalists
who control you know 50 percent of the
wealth because that's the reality of it
those people have no power otherwise if
it came down to a fight we were just
nuke them all I mean that's the reality
of how it goes we have to figure out a
way to navigate the world right now
where we help all the poor people of the
world but like forcibly redistributing
it for everybody is probably never going
to happen that's fantastic it's being
forcibly redistributed from the workers
to the
to the capitalists that's what's
happening though the workers are going
in and they're putting in the work that
is generating the wealth workers no
workers out thus all creators of wealth
what workers can't workers don't
generate any wealth on their own they
have to be introduced to resources via
capital to do it like it's not like a
worker like has this magical like labor
that's just being destroyed by
capitalists or even not by them like
they do they know I said I just said
that if you you want talk about taxes I
mean a profit is a tax on a workers
paycheck if I if I had a company I had a
company with 15 employees and each of
them got paid you know whatever $10 $15
now or whatever I was paying him and
then I would take like that same amount
of money put it in my pocket or put it
you know why donated still work for
themselves then I already told you
because they only have $1,000 in the
paycheck to paycheck so it sounds like
they need a company yeah they need
access to something that you're going to
provide them so I don't see why it's
wrong for you to make some money off of
that if I'm gonna provide you the
resources well come on the one thing
that like Walmart is providing the means
to eventually start their own business
like the music business but that means
me to earn money if all you can do is
like flip burgers you're not gonna make
any money with that unless somebody
gives you like patties to flip in a
stove to work on I mean that's like a
pretty basic understand what why why do
you think somebody would only be able to
that's just one example if you could
only have weld machines if you can only
grow produce if you can only be a lawyer
you need a law firm to practice that if
you can only be a doctor or surgeon you
need a hospital only flip burgers like
name you know they're very many people
that can only flip burgers I don't know
why we're focused on that example but
I'd say probably like younger because it
was a weird thing to say like my
background is like where's it I'm saying
so I worked at McDonald's when I was in
high school and then I went to work at a
casino in a restaurant so my yeah now I
am now that I'm 30 but my only workable
skills back then where yeah I could work
in a restaurant or flip burgers I was
pretty much the only skill I had is
there something wrong with that or is
that like a bad thing to have her no but
it sounds like you're saying that like I
don't know it sounds a little bit like
that whole conservative no it didn't
sound like any conservative thing at all
I'm saying that some people don't have
very many skills and they can't make
money on their own I couldn't make money
on my own when I was only seventeen okay
team I had to go to a cup somebody that
own Capitol and I get to combine my
labor with their capital in order in
order to earn something without that I
wouldn't be able to earn any money at
all
so I mean I don't know of this I agree
that this transaction is necessarily
unethical
I didn't thing that capitalist have more
power today in society than a laborer
does but I don't think it's necessarily
unethical that somebody that provides
you that means to work also take some
money for your work like well okay so so
the you were working you were working I
presume for flipping those burgers sure
yeah yeah okay so like if you had more
time if instead of having to work 40
hours a week just to barely scrape by
flipping those burgers let's say you
only had to work 20 hours per week you
know doing whatever labor it is you
would have other time to like develop
your skills so to me it's not really
honestly I I think that the the real
crime of capitals in to me is not the
fact that people aren't poor it's the
fact that so much of our time is wasted
to benefit such a small number of people
and I think it's a that not enough
people focus on the time at I mean is
there like I could be wrong are there
socialists in Spanish Catalonia to these
people I'll have like four hour work
days or like they were fighting a war at
the time so yeah what about in the free
territories of Ukraine or what about the
rózsa I'm also fighting a war see the
place about in Vietnam right now do you
ever have like Vietnam as Luna explained
earlier has been heavily manipulated by
emphasis in stitute like the World Bank
so for instance a really concrete
example would be the fact that they used
to have a 200% luxury tax on cars you
know most people I never get around on
motorbikes and that was good for their
society because their roads were not
very heavily developed and just the way
the infrastructure worked it just made
more sense like now the World Bank and I
might have the World Bank but yeah I
think it was a World Bank came in and
was it the bank look it doesn't matter
you can look this up they came in and
they put pressure and they said you have
to reduce this you have to get rid of
this luxury tax on cars and now like
everyone's getting cars which sounds
great but it's completely [ __ ] up
their entire infrastructure and and yeah
it's so so and the imperialism that
happens in Vietnam ten tends to be like
Korean and Japanese companies so you'll
look at a Vietnamese company like 20
years ago
and yeah that back then and even when I
first moved to Vietnam the people valued
their time with their family and their
their free time a lot more and they
didn't have this whole capitalist
mindset of like
we have to work out now these Korean
companies and Japanese are coming in
Japanese companies are coming in and
they're they're forcing like this like
work work work mentality on people and
you could definitely see like social
systems starting to disintegrate you can
definitely see like the just the general
happiness of people starting to
evaporate and yes maybe they're making a
little more money but they're miserable
they're working you know six days a week
and this is under this is because of
capitals and not because of socialism I
mean so okay what's the worst thing of
the napkin from capitalism and the best
thing we can from socialism I would say
that that's true
the things that Vietnam is doing right
are all their programs and the things
that they're doing wrong they're all the
ways that they're both being imperialize
and today now they're starting to
imperialize other countries which i
there's another criticism I have of
Vietnam because they're going into
places like Africa and Cambodia and and
they're in Myanmar and they're building
like you know telecom corporations there
that are Imperial izing those developing
countries just the same way that Korean
Japan or corporate or Imperial izing
Vietnam so I mean but but okay but to
actually go back and actually answer
question no we haven't had a an
anarchist Society in peacetime you know
in a developed country situation yet and
I think that just because it hasn't
happened that's not an argument that it
cannot ever happen or will not ever
happen so I couldn't you've made the
same argument about capitalism back when
we had feudalism yeah yeah yeah yeah
people seem to bring up that meme all
the time that like just because like a
feudalist would make the same arguments
but I don't know the arguments for
capitalism seemed compelling and the
capitalism has worked the arguments for
socialism seem fantastical socialists
are like I mean I guess I could say
constantly killing each other and
involved in conflict but apparently
that's always the fault of like other
capitalists but if anything that just
makes me want to be more capitalist
because I sure as I wouldn't want to be
in a socialist country being killed by
capitalists so I I don't know I don't
know you what are you talking about what
do you talk well it sounds like you're
saying that like the reason why all
these socialist countries keep failing
is because they're constantly embittered
in like Wars and stuff yeah no it's not
Vietnam is not failing ok ok what about
doing I don't know if I okay how about
this have you heard about the 30,000 men
women
children who are being held against
their will and state-run detention
centers in Vietnam I have not heard of
that I've heard of the millions that how
many do we have in our detention centers
in the USA right now the immigrants it's
not millions that was wrong but the
thousands that we have in concentration
camps run by ice I know about those I
don't know I don't know what you're
talking about
honestly I know that apparently you
having your treatment centers in Vietnam
where people are locked up for two to
four years without trial and they I
guess they just make them work there ha
ha - felt I don't I'm not familiar with
that I would be happy to look that over
and I guess if you want to talk about
enforcement yeah I mean there's
definitely problems in the US but I mean
you're the one claiming that your system
like as a previous assault saying but I
don't advocate for Viet Nam's form of
government I've said that how many times
now ok I mean that you could do all
these what about isms with Vietnam but
I'm not advocating government no I would
say that better way to address drug I
think the drugs are a medical problem I
think most crime is a medical problem
and should be treated very humanely and
in most people commit crime out of
desperation from poverty I think and and
and that includes drug crimes you know
so I think if you solved the material
scarcity problem then a lot of the
almost all of the crime evaporates and
then you don't have to have this big
huge militarized police force to enforce
everybody you just have you know a few
people that are able to like solve a
really crisis type emergency situations
but you know that's that's getting into
the weeds the point of the matter is I'm
not advocating for Viet Nam's system of
government so I don't see how that's
really relevant to the conversation here
ok yeah what else is there anything else
Faraday speaks yeah I had a question
here what's the end game what do you
think the end game is for libel ISM and
capital the end game for capitalism um I
don't know like in a perfect world some
slow reform to some type of socialist
system sounds good on paper I think
maybe I'm not sure
but I mean like obviously like the big
problems I know that we have in the
United so the biggest problems that
people don't even agree that there's a
problem a lot of people think that the
system is fine or that we that certain
things don't need to change so I mean
that's a huge problem obviously covering
our basics in the United States is still
a problem like in a country where so
many people are fat we probably
shouldn't have people that are starving
or people that are homeless or people
didn't have health insurance like these
are all things that can be fixed with
government programs but half the country
seems unwilling to look or explore that
as an option so yeah I don't know I mean
like I mean that's like I don't know the
end stages we live up that's definitely
the next thing that needs to happen okay
EJ anything from you know I guess you
know this this I didn't intend for this
to be as competitive you know I guess
the the parting the parting thought I
guess I'd like to have you consider is
just that I don't see anarchism as like
a magical formula where we're gonna like
instantly transform society it's just
it's a way of looking at things it's a
way of solving problems and it's a way
of examining ourselves and trying to
dismantle you know internal and external
hierarchies that's all it really is and
and you can you can start applying
anarchist principles right now you don't
have to wait for some you know magical
revolution in the future we can start
doing this stuff right now and making
lives better for people right now and
there are anarchists around the world
who are doing that probably should've
talked about that more but that's I
guess the last thing I'd like to just
leave you with there I probably would
agree like with most like any any slow
reform that works I'm always in favor of
so if you think flattening hierarchies
makes people's lives better or lets them
keep more money or whatever if you start
subtly doing this in some factories and
it ends up like empirically working then
I'm 100% in favor of it and I would hope
that most people would be as well to say
yeah what ways do you think that left
like leftist and liberal should be
working together on a lot of these
issues like do you see any what kind of
common ground do you see and are you
asking me I'm asking destiny okay so me
I don't know it seems like every day I
don't think I've ever met the same
leftist twice it seems like there's like
50 trillion different schools of thought
like I think even I think even you like
define yourself as a what was it was an
anarchic tional list communist I think
was the terminal yeah okay yeah yeah
yeah yeah I don't know it seems like
every leftist has like different ideas
on how to do things and then
historically there's been like a lot of
fighting between leftist as well so yeah
I don't know what about you EJ what do
you think what way should liberals and
left us be working together we're came
out together
no absolutely well first of all like
destiny is absolutely spot on that first
of all leftists need to learn to work
together better there's a lot of
sectarianism on the Left I think a lot
of the labels and and and stuff it's
gotten in a lot of cases it comes down
more to lexicon and we kind of agree on
a lot of things that we agree on the
most important things and with liberals
that's also sort of true I believe in
something called tactical unity which
means if I agree if I have the same goal
as somebody else I will work with them
towards it with some exceptions like I
don't believe in tactical unity with
like a outright fascist but I mean
absolutely I I personally think that
voting in elections is very important I
think that working you know right now
the only candidates we have available
are fairly liberal so like obviously I'm
gonna be voting for a liberal
presidential candidate I people
elections and I work with liberals all
the time I have a stream that I do like
weekly with a bunch of my liberal
friends I've worked with liberal
campaigns and projects so I don't feel
like we need to have some walleye in
fact I think that the best way for us to
break down some of these
misunderstandings and learn from each
other it's by working together so I
think the more we can work together
functionally where we have goals that
are aligned the better sure do you I'm
curious if if Biden was the nominee
would you vote for him over Trump or do
you think you'd up Stan I would vote for
by an over Trump but I [ __ ] hope I
don't have to okay yeah but yeah I would
vote for about never come for sure okay
I have some questions from the chat for
destiny if he wants to take those yeah
what up okay so what do you think the
left-right political spectrum should be
based on that's what it should be based
on I don't know if this answer is a
cop-out but like
depends on word like the the country is
at right now so so like in the United
States it seems to be the left/right
thing seems to center itself around like
how much government should have a role
in our lives that seems to be like where
that left right thing Falls in the US
and then I'm sure that answer would
probably be different for every country
like in the United States because of
because of our current policies are
there implemented with a government like
health care is a big dividing thing
between the left and the right whereas
like in the UK it's not quite like that
like I don't I could be wrong but I
don't think the Tories want to like
completely destroy the NHS like maybe
people argue over funding levels but
yeah okay American could you speak to
the concept of primitive accumulation
and then here Destiny's response I don't
know what that even as I've seen
primitive accumulation I think that
they're talking about the if I'm not
mistaken I think they're talking about
the idea that like all property is theft
because originally the world just like
didn't belong to anybody so the basic
idea is like how can you justify saying
that this land belongs to you or like
these resources belong to you like it
was always goes back to I could be wrong
if I'm wrong I'm wrong but I think
that's what they talk about so the idea
is that like there's no especially like
in the Unites States of America we're
all completely flat out [ __ ] stolen
if you go back not too far but yeah the
idea is that like and this is something
I guess I'd like to hear from destiny if
you could briefly chime in but like yeah
how can you justify saying like I own
this piece of land because I bought it
from a guy who bought it from a guy who
stole it from somebody else who owned it
you know previously I guess that's a
that's a huge contradiction in capitals
in the United States I think I mean I I
don't care to even think about it like
everything would would devolve into
absurdity like very quickly if we were
to start to consider who the original
owners of land are I mean like Israel
and Palestine can fight over that [ __ ]
but I don't want to fight over that in
the rest of the world I don't know who
would even be left owning what could I
agree
EJ do you think the focus of anarchism
should be to eliminate the root causes
of problems like racism or to try to
suppress them as the factory scenario
discussed no I mean you did for sure the
the goal of it and I I feel like I
failed a bit this questioner makes me
feel sad because I feel like I should
have talked about that more but yeah for
sure in the factory situation the the
main priority should be getting at the
root the underlying causes of those
tensions and trying to you know
dismantle them for sure the the first
thing we need to be doing is looking at
ourselves and that's something I do
every day I try to find ways in which I
might be having prejudicial thoughts and
I find them all the time I'm always like
running around in my own ideology in my
own perspective and my actions and
finding ways that I'm being kind of
shitty and yeah I think that's the most
important thing is for us to try to find
the causes of prejudice and exploitation
and in the [ __ ] that's happening that
sucks and trying to dismantle that at
the base level that's that's for sure
something I believe okay destiny so that
we were talking about climate change a
little bit earlier and you said that you
were fine with you know going into
leftist territory in terms of politics
and systems but you said that you want
to do slow reform so do you think that
slower form will help us get over
climate change which is I think for
climate change I don't think there's any
way to solve that should you think it's
the best the best comes Bill Murray
change that hopefully because climate is
so insanely complicated
hopefully that it's it's not gonna go in
line with like the moderate or worst
predictions of that and hopefully
alternative energies become economically
viable due to subsidies or whatever
quick enough or there's some major
technological breakthrough but there is
no political or economic reorganization
that's going to occur on a global scale
in the next 20 years that's just a fact
I'll give anybody huge odds on that too
it's not gonna happen do you generally
think that in terms of like a lot of the
problems we have you think that
capitalism like do you think we'll just
get technological advancements out of
capitalism that will solve our problems
or well that's what some people are
hoping which is it's really mucking
stupid but some people are hoping that
we'll invent our way out of the problem
that will invent some magical device
that sucks carbon out of the air or that
we're invest some magical free power
that fusion will end up being a good
source of energy or something like
that's that's the hope and I don't I'm
not educated if any of those fields to
say what the probability that actually
happened
but okay what are you destiny what do
you think do you think capitalism is
equipped to handle automation is
equipped yeah do you think that there
will be a solution for automation under
capitalism solutions we need to be to
automate the [ __ ] out of everything and
hire the few SPO firms job as always to
produce costs and labor as a cost so
having yeah I I am I assume what he's
asking is like is there a way for people
to be taken care of and not all be poor
because where there are no jobs left I
mean that this is a kind of a weird
thing I mean I think I'm pretty sure
even marks like had these thoughts were
like well once like looms and stuff
become more popular like there's not
gonna be jobs for everybody like we've
had this thought for the past like 250
years like throughout all of like
industrialization that like oh well once
we have these machines there's not gonna
be jobs for people so it seems like we
keep finding jobs for people but labor
continues to specialize it seems like
that continues to happen if it doesn't
then we would have to have some form of
like a yang ubi or something or some
heavily negative tax rate or something
in order to give people money ideally
that post-scarcity thing would happen I
guess yeah you know I think that's the
concept behind the Venus Project someone
was asking about that to ask maybe red
knee left his theory no I've had half
rest like a chapter of Das Kapital
that's it
[ __ ] that [ __ ] so boring I rather go
myself I have a book by him if I read
I'd much rather read him then [ __ ]
Marx but okay someone asked me if I
would host the debate between Angie
speaks and destiny destiny would you be
up for that
who Angie speaks whose was a she's a
left yeah yeah I mean I got sure okay
what EJ you feel that way to probably
see what it's like for me like a lot of
these debates something or I'm sorry
just like on particular concepts like I
like arguing about rent control I like
arguing about like like universal health
care like these are exciting things to
argue about or education because we can
look at there are so many examples
around the world of like you know just
universal health care work let's look at
the empirical data how much you see us
spent on health care how many sick
people who have just rent control work
but before-and-after's like we can look
just so much but like these like the the
arguments about socialism are always
just like there's a million reasons why
no country is a real socialist country
or why they're failing and there's like
just it's all like theory and it's
I don't know it's like not as exciting I
guess to actually debate okay yeah but
for me but yeah
EJ do you feel that weight supremacy is
an example of hierarchy that exists in
our day-to-day life that
anarcho-communism can dismantle yeah I
do believe it's I would say the
anarchist side of my ideology speaks
more to the fact to the problem of
racism but for sure
race is a highly hierarchical social
construct that needs to be dismantled
and I believe you know the model I would
use for explaining how we need to do it
is instead of having this hierarchy
where white people are but other
mayuri's on lower levels you know we
should have a flat hierarchy where
everyone is on the same footing so yeah
that's that's a I would say a
cornerstone of my article principles
okay destiny what are you this is my
question what are your biggest like and
I guess you've talked about this a lot
in here but just very generally what are
your biggest frustrations with the left
my biggest frustrations with the left
mm-hmm
I don't know usually has to do with like
ascribing too much morality to an
economic system where people start like
moralizing like basic observations of
like capitalist systems or when people
have like really bad understandings of
how any of these systems work like
basically anytime a OC opens her mouth
and talks about economics like it just
it's really cringey and if the
conversations aren't productive and none
of the analyses are even factually
correct and I don't know that usually
like my problems like if somebody wants
to come on and debate like a ton of
theory or something like I'm okay with
that but when people start to have like
really bad understandings of capitalism
or really bad understandings of economic
systems that's usually annoying to be
fair people on the right do it too I
mean you've got ben shapiro you know all
the flooded global warming houses will
just be sold like you've got dumb
analysis on both sides as well okay EJ I
have one question for you and then I'll
let you guys get the last word and we
can wrap it up because we've been going
on for about two hours now so EJ what
what is you what is your criticism to
people that say leftist have unrealistic
expectations for their goals what would
you say I think I would just say that
capitalism is incredibly unrealistic in
terms of the promises that it makes and
then
ways that it doesn't not only doesn't
deliver but like delivers things that
are completely counter to those promises
and I think that if you really soberly
look at the way the Capitol is king and
the way that it's affecting your life I
mean I'm saying if you're a worker if
you're a or especially if you're like a
minority or you're disabled or something
like that if you look at like that to me
it's no surprise that a lot of the
people who are coming into the fold of
the left these days are people who are
and this is why I say I'm an
intersectional list like if you're at
the crux if you're like a trans person
that means that you've experienced
misogyny or or some of the negative
effects that men face we're having like
toxic masculinity
you've also experienced transphobia
trans people tend to be more poor so
you've you're more likely to have
experienced poverty you're like at the
intersection of all these ways that the
capitalist society oppresses you so if
you're if you're a person who feels like
you know the system is just not working
for you look more deeply into capitalism
in the way that it's come about and the
histories of capitalist States and the
way that we've imperialize the world and
and tell me how realistic it is the the
promises that capitalism makes to us I
guess that's my response to that
question okay actually I want to ask one
more pet question that's relevant to the
work that I do and I guess I'll ask both
of you in EJ you can do you guys think
that so we're seeing like all this
radicalism right we're seeing and it's
not just from white supremacy right it's
not just white nationalists you see it
in Islamic communities you see we've
seen it in Japan before with cults like
mhmm Rico and I see it as like a lot of
cult type behavior and to me it seems
like the preconditions for this or very
material do you guys think that by you
know this is why I'm a progressive right
health care education housing food all
that stuff do you guys think that that
would reduce the radical behavior we see
in our society or do you think that
that's a kind of a pipe dream to think
that it's that simple I think for sure
really
oh sorry I mean I would say no
absolutely not I mean III think people
are people are tribalistic by nature to
overcome these things requires like
effort if you want to make people not
racist the way that you do it is by
having them affiliate with other people
of other classes
other classes of other races I should
say right like if you want white people
don't hate black people then they have
to be raised together they have to live
in the same cities together they have to
work together that these are the things
that have to happen just because you
have some like organization where people
aren't poor or something isn't gonna
magically make them not racist you know
or whatever it takes exposure EJ do you
want to add anything to that no I mean I
actually agree with a lot of what
destiny just said I mean like I think
that my biggest concern your chances are
made I think that fascism is going to
get stronger as our ecology
disintegrates as our environment is
destroyed I think that you know you're
gonna see you're already seeing people
talk about eco fascism the logical
conclusion to me on the train that we're
driving straight forward right now is
that all these different little tribes
or nations or whatever you wanna call
them they're gonna fascistic alee want a
wall off and like they're gonna scramble
for the resources that we have as they
actually do become increasingly scarce
which is right now we have this window
where scarcity I believe is a myth and
we have other avenues we can take but I
don't think people are tribalistic by
nature I think that that is a component
of scarcity and I mean you could look at
there's a great article called iron ran
versus anthropology that talks a lot
about how you know pre agrarian
societies are like super not violent and
they're very like altruistic and
communally focused I don't think that
our nature is like competitive and
combative I think that it's a it's a
it's from like centuries of trauma and
abuse by the people who have the power
over the people who don't I'm so yeah I
do think that materially solving these
forms of material inequality and and
shitty distribution would definitely let
off a lot of that tribalistic pressure
and it would allow us to go back to
those what we call now more primitive
ways of just coming together and being
more altruistically minded okay all
right well that's all I have for you
guys you guys I want to say anything
else I think I'm good okay
Luna you go any parting thoughts Luna
since you since you jumped in you might
as well I am NOT an anechoic communist
but there's one thing I do
with Anika communis instead you say that
Anika and Nikita MS is no end goal right
yes that's true because and I think that
anarchism and communism is all about
fighting the problems and then fix this
together all together it's not about
just like I see the problem that I don't
care because it's not my problem or you
even like I want to be of them because I
don't want to be killed by them as that
so instead of fighting them fighting
their up the problem to help your
sharing other people you will be one of
them
to help like oppress the other people if
Vietnam Vietnamese people do that we
never win the war because instead of
fighting France and America why don't
you come one a best solo and then kill
our own people yeah that's it and that's
the thing I really agree about the
anarcho-communism there's no angle
there's always a problem and but the ROM
is that we have to be together to solve
the problem to have the best solution
for everyone for all the people from the
chance el lgbtq+ chance people black
people minority Asian
POC like me not just all about the white
people ok that's it Thank You Luna all
right well I unless you guys have
anything else to say I'm gonna go ahead
and wrap it up here I just wanted to
thank each a Luna destiny I want to
thank you guys all for coming thank
everybody for watching
so just again I'm working on a project
for de-radicalization so if anybody
wants to come by the discord channel
we're always looking for volunteers to
help there's any alt writers in the chat
that want to come in and talk and have
conversations with people you're more
than welcome
someone will post a link in the chat
there and yeah just thank you guys for
coming on and thank you everybody for
watching
thank you thanks a lot Rodney all right
see you guys Verde Oh was it everything
you dreamed it would be
it's so much more interesting like
arguing with like for alt writers or
people that are like racist or whatever
like usually conservatives make when
concert when lefties make like stupid
claims they're always founded in like
the fantastical like it would kind of be
like like if a lefty is coming up to
argue with me if a conservative is
arguing me it could sir but it gonna
sell like socialized health care doesn't
work that's like okay well let's look at
every single other OECD country and
let's see if that's true if the left he
comes up and argues with me he would say
like Snape is actually better than
Voldemort he was just holding back it's
like [ __ ] dude like I don't know the
[ __ ] I'm supposed to have this [ __ ]
arguing what the [ __ ] do you want me to
say like come on dude like and that's
like and that's like it's not that it's
like a bad argument or that it's dumb or
stupid I just it's like well in my world
like the workers wouldn't be that bad
they wouldn't have they wouldn't be that
racist and all the communes would form
together and everybody would fall and
it's like maybe like I don't know it
feels like so idealized like and then I
was like what are your examples well
Catalonia that existed for four years
and was embittered in war I mean kind of
where it's like I just want to be really
clear okay and I'm not saying you're
doing this intentionally obviously but
that is not what these agreements say
