hello everyone welcome to the DT podcast
episode I think 22 we have been sporadic
and not particularly on a on a schedule
since we have hit the milestone of
episode 20 but that is that is all good
though has it were not canceled we're
still doing our thing here this is a
trihex I'm gonna have my co-pilot mr.
destiny mr. best Denis mr. God's Denis
or as your haters at the same des tiny
no no no need to look at that one or not
here but you know still oldie but goodie
no uh but yeah and and welcome to the
episode today's back she's been kind of
before we get into introductions and
catching up here it's been kind of a dry
week for me I've been like you know
hitting the Mario maker to blunt really
really hard and I um I have not been as
politically savvy this week I'm really
really out of loop on a lot of things
here so my so for once I can't carry
here I'm gonna need a carry by destiny
this time I think the whole Democratic
primary stuff is kind of been in a lull
I tweeted earlier there was a
fundraising article and went over some
of the amount of money that's been
raised by Democratic candidates so far
impede where the judge is actually like
ran away in July right so this is all
really boring otherwise everything's
been kind of quiet
I mean in my stream even arguing a lot
about the Justice Dems but um yeah okay
well oh you got me okay well do we want
to you got kind of curious right now
about what uh what's been the beef of
the Justice DIMMs thought they were
squeaky clean
what's been the issue there is there
trouble in paradise right now
the thing the thing so the thing that
I've come to realize well I've come to
realize so many things over the past
couple months but basically I used to be
very idealistic my approach to politics
when I was in my early 20s and I keep
finding out every year that I'm a little
bit too idealistic still and the more
that I dig into like electoral politics
the more kind of complicated everything
seems to be so like maybe a year ago I
probably would have [ __ ] all over people
like Nancy Pelosi because they already
are these guys just compromise with the
Republicans and they don't even go hard
or anything and they're so dumb and they
don't do anything right but I kind of
you know I can digging in Lord to kind
of like the finer side of like how do
you actually finesse legislation you
know when you don't have like these
super majorities in Congress on how do
you actually get worked on in Congress
I've kind of grown to respect some of
these people a lot more right now
there's a strange rift where you have
these I guess they're called the Justice
Democrats it's not just the Justice
Democrats they've also have support from
a couple other of these kind of I guess
you'd say PACs or whatever but basically
there's the they're called the squad and
the the two most popular ones are AOC
and I don't hang along amara a lot more
correct yeah I want the Epicure
I don't see them referenced as why are
you talking about specifically the the
forewoman of targeted photos shown tree
yeah every shooted to leave is that my
pin I said correctly I'm not a
prosecutor but I know you talking about
and then I Anna Presley whatever but
basically basically these four Dems have
kind of come in very idealistically and
they've kind of been like stirring up
I'd say like a lot of trouble in it for
the for the kind of the establishment
Dems and there's been like a lot of
ships slinging back and forth on Twitter
by these people and basically Nancy
Pelosi is more or less than like hey
like you have a problem come talk to me
like why you stirring [ __ ] up for other
Democrats this doesn't make sense
and then the justice downs are like hey
you guys aren't getting [ __ ] done so
we're gonna you know we are going to
stir [ __ ] up on social media because
that's what we have the strongest voice
and I guess on this side of the debate I
kind of lean a little bit more into into
or I find more favor with Nancy Pelosi's
argument that like there are effective
ways to get this stuff passed and
I don't think that just appealing to
your Twitter audience is the best way to
kind of go about moving legislation
through Congress it's kind of like it's
kind of kind of where we're at right now
and then obviously a lot of my fans are
quite a bit more left-leaning it seems
and a lot more kind of starry idealistic
and they all a lot of them generally
seem to side with the Justice bounce way
of like stirring [ __ ] up on Twitter and
saying [ __ ] off to the moderate down so
that they need to be more extreme and
that seems to be like the that seems to
be the mind of like the college kind of
like white Democrat are not college
where they were at the college internet
White Democrat where you have this group
of people online on Twitter that all day
are talking about socialism and stuff
and they're like dude we need to run
these socialist extreme love candidates
in every district but the actual like
the actual like electoral map isn't
quite as Extreme as the as the Twitter
liberals would have you believe it is uh
okay so let me kayak sing a little bit
on that take right there sure pressure
you got a lot of oppression for that
here but like uh see how I would view it
is like wouldn't you you'd want someone
borderline socialist super far left
because whenever the opposition comes to
like saying whoa whoa whoa you want way
too many things let's uh let's bring it
back to like you know American
conservatism inevitably if you don't
like a super majority or even like a
majority like progressive cabinet there
you're gonna have to like add in
compromises just look at how the
political football of like the 9/11
first responders bill how about how the
first iteration of that not the current
one that happened this year of John
Stuart but like the first iteration like
got hacked into another thing that the
Republicans wanted anyway so it's like
hey you know oh yeah we want this thing
for a little companies but like oh but
you'd support the troops don't you like
Phil you're gonna support our bill that
has both those things and at the same
time so it's kind of like I feel like
these are kind of like these are the
really basic negotiating takes that I
would have given you a year ago like you
always want to push for more logo blah
but the problem is that like the actual
like electoral roadmap is so much more
complicated than that so like it's easy
to have okay so I don't wanna sound
dismissive so to be clear I probably
would agree with the majority of like
the Justice stands agenda i I would
consider myself to be extremely
progressive
farther left than most people in the
United States probably most people in
Europe when it comes to social issues so
I probably agree most of their agenda
but the problem is that when you're
standing from a district
that votes 20 points in favor of
democratic policies it's easy to
advocate for these extremely progressive
positions but when you start saying that
this needs to become a staple of the
Democratic Party what you end up doing
is you end up putting a lot of your
motive honorable seats at risk so these
are seats that have been won in more
moderate kind of districts you have like
for instance during the last thing you
know we call it the blue wave a lot of
those Democrats won in districts that
that went hard for Trump right these
people are probably not going to hear a
message of like you know extremely
progressive politics this is one of the
reasons why Pelosi for instance is
pushing against the impeachment thing
that I think the house is actually
finally trying to start to move forward
on where Pelosi's ideas I listen like if
we go the impeachment route we're gonna
end up risking a lot of these seats in
kind of these more moderate states these
more moderate districts because these
people that voted for Dems or Trump
supporters it's like pushing impeachment
here even though it sounds good on
Twitter and even though maybe like the
general Democratic population like as a
whole wants it the individual districts
with some of these people fought and won
these seats these seats could still
swing back the Republicans it's not like
these seats are you have them and then
you hold on to them forever
and you know we're not going to worry
about losing any of these things ever
you know so I hear you on that mat and
clear I am I'm to be totally honest not
in favor of pursuing impeachment cuz I
do think it's a giant I don't know
political facade that's not actually I
get much done like uh-huh well I even
feel like if I recall correctly the
process is still like super duper like
it's not you just like you know it
happens and then like you know the next
day Trump's out of office or whatever
and even even if it was that like it
doesn't really matter because like okay
cool even if you tomorrow could
hypothetically impeach Trump because
like he's had a you're said said
person's hypothetical critical throttle
on tolerance of like all the [ __ ] he
does oh cool and I got I got a negative
pence no I got VP Pence is like the hit
the guy had in charge now and he's like
that but that's assuming well firstly
and any any impeachment process of the
dinah Senate anyway right now right like
you know that I was leaving even so 17
hypothetical here that even could be a
like and we you know I went over a
couple articles yesterday talk about
this there's a lot of people in your
chat arm of these are all have some fans
or that I'm just reading some is
confident read some of these comments
impeachment across
the first half is an investigation that
informs the masses we already had that
Trump's approval rating is about where
it was you know like a year ago he
hasn't really lost any approval Trump's
approval among Republicans is still like
90 plus percent it's not like
Republicans and if anything there have
an article saying that Republicans
evasion more emboldened by supporting
Trump because it has passed like racist
high rates if that molar investigation
that was pretty harsh on especially for
obstruction of justice things didn't
cause people to turn heads I don't
necessarily think an impeachment process
is going to do it anyway it just seems
like um based on the analyses that I've
read and you know I could be wrong but
but based on what I've read when one of
these came from I don't know there's a
Nate Silver article is appropriate at
all basically idea is that Republic are
Democrats don't really have anything to
gain by doing the impeachment
proceedings they could lose quite a bit
it could embolden Republicans support
more probably not because Republicans
already massively support him it could
end up like backfiring on Democrats who
hold role herbal seats so seats in
districts were that they had gone hard
for Trump these people might feel you
know like well this is some [ __ ] and
then it could push conservatives or
knocks or it could push moderates a
little bit further to the right because
moderates actually don't favor
impeachment proceedings or untie keys no
matter to me independent independents
don't favor impeachment proceedings but
I like a 15-point difference it's like I
think it was like 60 it's like 6040 or
like 58 to 42 associate so um yeah and
then real quickly because everybody in
chat I don't wanna pull out like my
privilege cards or whatever but like
everybody in Chapman saying that like
they're not supposed to gain anything
they're supposed to remove a president
that's unfit for office that I saw
someone else earlier say they have a
moral duty to impeach um these are
really great takes when you're in high
school like we can get a little bit
older you have to realize it like the
fight to actually get stuff done in
Congress is so much more complicated
than just do the right thing you got to
do the right thing like in this case if
your idea of do the right thing caused
us to lose the house again and then you
have a house and a Senate the
Republicans again it's easy if you're
like a white college liberal to be
talking about like well we fought the
good fight we did the right thing but
when you have like kids dying and
[ __ ] concentration camps at the
border when you've got people that are
actually disinfect in the United States
by formal [ __ ] policy when you've got
the idea of losing an
another Supreme Court justice to a
conservative pick it's not really time
to play with the whole like morality
like what's the best thing it's time to
be ruthlessly effective politically and
I think that's what the Democrats should
focus on okay okay let's let's bring it
back here so before III I would pick
that apart let me just ask you okay so
yeah the evaporation for Polaski because
she's a because she's like but you you
like to get [ __ ] done
chica she she quote-unquote gets [ __ ]
done sure partisan partisan ways you
know made the Republicans and Democrats
actually come towards that the grab and
have the infinite indifference lead to
perpetual nothingness forever so then
what does that so plats me man what's
like the what's the best scenario here
so like Pelosi continues to uh continues
like do her like both sides thing I mean
I she's her voting record seemed pretty
pretty pretty conservative to me
compared to like what you've been fed
[ __ ] from extreme lefties I get
these tapes all the time was a beautiful
Pelosi you're right way well he was part
of the was part of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus she she was like an
early member of it for a long time
Sheila quit because she was like the
husband ruining it uh but and Pelosi is
one of the most liberal voting records
of college college of Congress like you
can you can check like on 15 different
sites like her voting rating and her
voting record Pelosi is an extremely
left-leaning voting person this idea
that like Pelosi is like a conservative
or right-wing or whatever is absolutely
not true it's a total mean pushed by
like both why I guess pushed by extreme
progressives I don't know who else
honestly thinks that it's very strange
because I grew up like a Republican and
you know Republicans [ __ ] hate Pelosi
okay so now it seems like the yeah go
ahead let's slow down a bit okay so so I
don't have citation on her voting record
specifically on me right now but let's
just let's agree on on one fact I can't
stay here super establishment dim who is
like like swimming bathing like neck
deep and and super PAC money whether or
establishment contribution funds like if
we're talking about like you know if the
if one of the things you might find
arable about just system is that they
don't accept PAC money or any kind of
corporate corporate binding favor ISM
money hello-ski is like absolute lack to
that so then whenever some contributions
is gonna like dilute her voting record
like she has favors though because
like it's a giant money raising campaign
24/7 all year long like I don't want
sound it's not so bad but like oh here's
the facts about me that been binge on
the stems the justice steps didn't
accept any of any super PAC money but
they didn't win any important districts
all they won with districts that were
insanely blue already it's easier to say
well I don't accept any money from super
PACs when you're not running in
contested districts the the Justice
stems all they did I think the lowest
district they won was eighty plus
nineteen district from from plus
nineteen all the way to plus thirty-six
the justice stem front-flipping
important seats they lost every single
governor they tried to run and then in
almost every other election and anything
closer than a plus sixteen district they
lost so I mean like on one end it's cool
that you don't take money from PACs a
superb X or whatever but on the other
end those seats are really [ __ ]
important and we can't pretend that
Democrats and Republicans don't vote
differently in Congress they do
there are huge partisan lines that we
vote on for certain legislation whether
it's immigration related whether it's
health care related so if it comes down
to some Democrats and vulnerable
districts needing to take back our super
PAC money in order to hold on to those
seats [ __ ] do it because at the end of
the day when we're voting for things
like immigration reform or climate
change you're not gonna see Democrats
break with the party to vote in favor of
like a PAC interest it's just not gonna
happen
so I good yeah I guess technically
you're right if we're trying to win
politics here but I guess I'm maybe I
maybe I'm a little bit uh optimist here
but I'd like to see the game change I
didn't like to see us move in a
direction where we can remove money from
politics as long as that message gets
out eventually maybe makes me go in that
better direction here but I don't know
just it's because we got a remote planet
for politics by giving like everything
back to the Republicans because we want
to like be pure thank you that's like at
the end of the day that's what I don't
see and like again like I understand
that like we like the white liberal
audience that exists on Twitter it seems
like all of us have no brain oh yeah
we're on progressive progressive you
know PACs are horrible and blah blah
blah but the broad but people forget
like the broader Democrat electric like
if I already look like Twitter polls the
leading candidates right now Bernie and
Warren by a huge margin but if you look
at the actual polls of the Democratic
base Biden is still like a clear front
not even close he's a clean double-digit
frontrunner not to say that that
couldn't change and hopefully to God it
[ __ ] dies because what Biden right I
think that on internet discussions we
lose we lose track of like the actual
broader electorate because a lot of
these people aren't on internet ship
posting on Twitter all day and then
posting in chapel trapped by us and in
our you know discord politics groups
chatter further these are people to work
two or three jobs they're going all
trying to feed their [ __ ] kids and
that's like that's all they have time
for it you know no I hear that which is
kind of why I value um whenever I hear
Rogers take on things like I was
actually inside of here about Rogers
take cuz I know he's not as informed or
as politically savvy so kind of getting
like a you know less a V spectrums take
on what's going on right now is kind of
pretty valuable I would say and in that
regard
yeah I kind of heard a lot more buzz
about sadly about Booker and and Kamala
Harris and I did a yahren and burning
unfortunate from the recent debates I
hear you it's just I don't know man it
makes me if we have to play if you have
to play dirty in order to progress here
like that just hate how the current the
current climate is now and that sounds
super your attitude sounds defeated that
that if I have to like be honest here
that's what comes off as like that we
have a we have a succumb to like the the
infinite perpetual money raising machine
in order to like play their game and and
do all these things here and it just
like our hands are getting dirty as well
while we go in there like if the message
changes eventually you know if we
actually so what like is there not an
advocacy for there to be like better
transparency and like a kind of like
counter the propaganda from the MSM
about how blatantly pay2win the current
political climate is right now listen
how he did not over tangent you need
Democrats in Congress if we want a
purity test and only run PAC candidates
that's fine but the end result are not
like not super PAC non money back
benefits that's fine but your end result
is going to be a Republican Congress
again with the Senate in the house and
then Trump staying in office and then
you know some woman they can't afford
[ __ ] anything that is a single-parent
household can't you shouldn't let gets
pregnant can't get an abortion because
she's gotta go to states away right
these are the people that ultimately get
damaged I think again I hate them play
this card but it's easy to talk about
how important period II and politics is
when you are like a white affluent
straight male on Twitter because that's
what most of the people online are that
then advocate for these likes the
justice domes that's why they
don't have the support of the black
voting base like Biden does believe it
or not you never know that if you look
online of course Sanders has more black
support than Biden no not even close but
it's easy to advocate for these things
you don't have anything to lose
if ship goes south which most most
people don't right but like at the end
of the 10th we should be like focusing
on like how do we effectively get these
policies pushed if you want to get money
into politics the only way to do it is
to get Dems in the house and in the
Senate that's the only way to do it you
know you're not gonna get rid of any of
this [ __ ] with it with a Republican
president gotta get really [ __ ] with
with McConnell still as a Senate
Majority Leader yeah you have to play
the game when you have to get your
people in if you want to make meaningful
change in America this jerking off over
a period 'it is because they don't take
super bec money is great on twitter but
it's not good you know in the house on
the senate that's just the facts
sorry yeah so okay my one thing i want
to say is like a kind of counter there
is like so whenever we have instances of
direct direct democracy like whenever
whenever like rec rate whenever we got
voted legal as part of like that random
proposition first day of california and
it like when effective was it like
january 1st 2018 or whatever like
whenever you have issues in America that
are Domecq them direct democracy related
its indignant in the vote progressive
the filler is kind of so I feel like
there are more progressive there you're
skeptic it's the framing of the
situation like whenever you hear
Affordable Health Care Act vs. Obamacare
you get to very wildly different answers
right it again when you just said sorry
whenever you whenever whenever people
like frame Affordable Health Care Act
first is like calling it a Obamacare
right mm-hm usually get to very wild
answers from from certain from certain
like regular everyday people because
like the connotation that Obamacare is
you know been fed to you it's like a
terrible [ __ ] thing which would be
fair obviously yeah it's like it's not
nowhere near what it should be obviously
but like okay you get to the France
there so it's more about the messaging
of yeah it's more about the messaging of
the other thing there so it's like you
can frame things better to like get the
compassion of the the general everyday
person
so whenever say these districts are like
incredibly conservative um yeah well if
you run like blatantly antitrump stuff
you know yeah I can also see that do
what any more blatantly anti-trump
enough imagine you imagine this for a
second imagine
we're democrat okay and you've got
people like the justice stems okay that
are very much consider shit-talking you
because you're not coming out in favor
of the impeachment proceedings that are
now going to be moved to the house and
you're in a district that one then blues
plus twenty four truck during the
election what the [ __ ] are you supposed
to do there do you come out and say like
well i'm gonna support a peter guys like
please please vote for me or you're
somebody is going to try to take one of
those seats like please vote for me guys
i know that i'm trying to impeach the
guy that you guys all voted in favor of
a bully right now how horrible is your
position now the house moves forward
with this one stuff that's never gonna
be finished before and we don't even
know that was it I just it's sorry it's
such a bad move politically and like it
misses it misses how the game is played
like on the electoral level and just
focuses on this like broader like either
popular support for something which
doesn't mean anything because that's not
how electro road maps are played or or
Twitter polls which literally meat [ __ ]
all you know ok listen so let's bring it
back to the liver here so close skis
like performance didn't she like haven't
we lost of [ __ ] on the seats with her
under um under leadership if we gained a
but on the last election cycle hmm yeah
I didn't know we're talking established
right which was way more rehearsal and
unfortunately uh-huh
still feels pretty I know it feels
pretty nuclear on your end so I'm just
like ah dude is that is this really
where we have to go with it now like
because if we if we play that game like
what's the endgame like if we use money
in politics to get our way when there's
a cycle ever end
when will ever be will it ever be honest
it's always going to be this way we're
it's which lot of money fundraising
extravaganza with like a freaking an
extended 18-month election cycle of news
coverage for every major presidential
election we can talk about I mean we can
talk about like it's a bit more
complicated conversation because we have
to talk about citizens united and
honestly honestly I've never had
somebody debate me on citizens united
who is in favor of getting rid of it and
actually win that debate it's actually
such a complicated issue it seems really
cool to say get money out of politics
but like if we had an argument about it
I think he would be Pro stood as United
at the end of it like it's really
[ __ ] difficult to do it
and even if that was your goal you're
never gonna do with the Republican
Senate it's never gonna happen you have
to get the seats you have to win the
seats you absolutely have Tennessee
that's it like at the end of the day
that's all that matters is winning the
seats you're not gonna vote in this
legislation through referendum this is
the United Kingdom that's never gonna
happen right you have to get the seats
so like here's what it here's okay I'll
fight is a metaphor because what comes
off as you sound
you sound like a tainted centrist right
now to me and I could be I could be
ill-informed the whole thing here and
it's like okay so if you want to keep
Pelosi and you admire the job he's
currently done right now and you are
like okay with fighting fire with fire
or whatever oh my god oh no we have to
win pay to win basis here like then
where does it where does it stop I don't
know like well [ __ ] if we're if you know
we can get more things done if we have
like a if we have some some corporate
sellout democrat like like Biden I just
it's weird for me that you say that
you're actually for Warren or Bernie but
then you're okay with Pelosi like that
that's like it seems so polarizing me
right there like how do we get that like
is the idea effective she raised like
ninety million dollars the last like
Electress like more than any other she
said so much work to get these like
vulnerable seats like secured because of
all the funding that she's gotten
secured for the Democrats I guess like
if we have two paths forward one of them
is like the pure no super PAC no money
running on our principles and every
single district and then the other is
doing the a politically effective
strategy needed to win then in one world
we lose a ton of vulnerable seats maybe
we lose the house we continue to not
have control of the Senate and and maybe
even Trump he takes the presidency again
and now you've lost all three branches
of government like that seems to be the
outcome but in the other one where you
play like a politically ruthless game we
hold on to or take more seats in
vulnerable districts which we've shown
is possible right and then when we start
to vote on legislation we don't need as
much bipartisan support because
Democrats do vote overwhelmingly
differently from Republicans when it
comes to things like climate change or
health care right we get these seeds we
pass the legislators we want to that
just seems like the more politically
effective route rather than like like
again like I empathize with like that we
got to play pure and all that like
Republicans don't like they're ruthless
and you have to match that ruthlessness
if you want to have the political
deceive your opponents no III okay I
will agree with you there it is it is a
particularly ruthless like we have to
like we have like I feel like a
progressive has to like do twice as much
for half to half the effectiveness like
it's not an even playing field anywhere
near close I'm sorry wish I was more
prepared here to like to cite cite
things back to it next week cuz I'm like
ooh boy you got you you threw a lot at
me on this one this was this was a
curveball I was not going from you
actually yeah it's a really it's a
there's so much [ __ ] that goes into this
really [ __ ] complicated I wish it
wasn't but yeah dude do we know about
because I know listen
wasn't Pelosi like up for up for
re-election in the midterms of 2018
right it didn't it wasn't there like a
and forgive me I'm afraid me for over
his identity here I forgot her name but
there was like a black lady who was like
I had a way better record than Pelosi on
on progressive issues because of
floating records supposedly and like
Pelosi like narrowly won or something
like that right like like she had it she
was she was it she had a serious but
beforehand right Pelosi primaries 28 I
know the market where sheiks yeah we're
forgetting on I don't have it off an
here what does anybody know where I can
find the primary results of Pelosi
how the collective political said
demonize that people are not calling
right spitter yeah I know it's crazy
yeah but if somebody chants a link as we
can look at how she actually ran against
whoever ran against Turner primary but
like blue polish his voting record
overall is one of the most liberal is
one of the most of all Congress like I
think like those like the freedom of
speech whatever people that like vote
like how good my people are my
conservatives gave it like a zero
percent rating was sane
okay all right the following candidates
ran in the primary for us wait so these
actually this is actually primary votes
and she absolutely [ __ ] annihilated
the yes she had a hundred forty-one
thousand votes and then the runner-up
Democrat had eighteen thousand Shaheed
guitar but anyway yeah just don't don't
don't like you can believe certain
things that if we disagree like that's
fine whatever - of course but don't
believe don't believe the progressive
lies that Pelosi is like a right winger
or votes conservative it's so absolutely
not true and this does such a disservice
to what she does you can disagree with
the strategy you can disagree with
political effectiveness versus moral
whatever positions but but the idea that
Pelosi is conservative or right-wing is
absolutely [ __ ] ridiculous it was an
absurd statement to make and it is
absolutely the epitome of straight white
college liberal on Twitter believes
these opinions is absolutely crazy okay
that I can't challenge it right now but
that is like that is a lot to swallow in
any kind of flavor I will I will tack
this one and I will come back prepared
next week cuz boy oh and then also okay
wait here I'll give you two things is
okay one is Pelosi conservative that's
one okay to this is an easy one to
counter it's strange because like a lot
of the arguments the music's Pelosi now
progressives do it conservatives already
done it so I'm already familiar with a
lot of a lot of that [ __ ] arguments
there is this idea then there's this
idea that both sides are both
conservative and they vote the same way
the reason why people say this is
because online the loudest voices are
the fringe minority people that listen
to Chapo traphouse represent the fringes
of minority of actual like voters okay
insanely fringe but they're the loudest
online so you feel like wow maybe
America really is ready to go socialist
ignoring the fact that these people
represent like that the fringes of the
fringe into the voting when you actually
uh
oh [ __ ] wait where was I going with this
wait what did I open this with
you you open this with me were wine back
a little bit here
oh that that Pelosi is like uh is what
we're talk about the re-election or the
real action 2018 they were telling me
how that she's actually like very
liberal and her voting record and you're
not trying to like kind diggin to like
some anecdotal examples of her doing
that some like that that's that was hard
to swallow oh yeah it's uh people make
the argument that like that getting more
dumps that it just business as usual
blah blah blah this is a popular
argument that the disaffected progress
is made when Bernie lost against Hillary
Bernie bros made this argument both
sides how do both sides both Democrats
and Republicans do not vote the same
that is a horrendous mischaracterization
how legislation is about it on another
point agree yeah Democrats and
conservatives have vote strictly on
party lines when it comes to things like
health care and climate change and
immigration it's not even [ __ ] close
this idea that Republicans and
establishment Dems felt the same way is
total [ __ ] do not let progressives
tell you that horrible [ __ ] line
there are people that like ran around
and me like these massive reddit posts
showing the difference on how they vote
on these two things and Republicans
Democrats hardcore break on these okay
so that's okay so now you got me wanting
accused okay so let's say hypothetically
that like whatever like Bernie wins with
like a Republican cabinet galore right
because we got the way cuz we this we
had the open till like 2022 when we can
do like the midterm real life already
went with a with a Republican cabinet
right oh I would like a Republican
Senate or ever I don't know how many
Senate seats are up for this election
cycle if that's something we feel like
it burning that is a valid point though
you're right
well more more that yeah it's so
irrelevant of that right listen so let's
say like I don't know like [ __ ]
within the first six months he gets out
like legislation for Medicare for all I
get something go out there and then
there and you know obviously all these
like Pharma corrupt conservative voters
are all like man [ __ ] that [ __ ] I got I
got hella pharma money you know funding
my pockets right now so I don't want
this [ __ ] hey Vito like how does this
play out here I just don't understand
you're like is there like it cuz now you
makin it cuz cuz your attitude right now
it makes you feel like there's that
there's like no hope for any kind of
progressive
like we're never to get medicare-for-all
we're never gonna get any kind of bail
oh not with McConnell ready let's set it
no [ __ ] way
no you gotta flip it that food that's
that's how it should be I mean if you
feel like you have the policies you
should be able to flip these see if
that's how American politics is you
can't like people seem to think that
like all America what even the
medicare-for-all thing is actually way
more contentious that's frame really
disingenuously the support for that it's
not as broad as people like to lead you
to believe but yeah if you want to get
that policy do you absolutely have to be
able to do things like flip the Senate
or you need to have so many seats that
you can you can negotiate you know down
the line but yeah you can't Republicans
are having majorities I don't agree with
that you really think that Medicare for
all is not popular right now amongst
everyone so the way that it's framed is
it's like I think like 80% of Americans
are in favor of Medicare for all if you
just ask them the blanket question but
as soon as you ask anything more like if
we have to do a tax to pay for this even
on the wealthy whatever like the support
for it drops dramatically right
something like forty point it's insane
how much it drops when you actually pull
a little bit harder I guess I should
everybody I would real citation on that
big time like goose elizabeth warren's
okay yeah
two percent wealth tax on any wealth
above fifty million dollars and I
haven't heard anything like any super
public outcry about that her wealth tax
that she threw out there as a specific
in her like CNN Town Hall before dem
debates two percent wealth anything
fifty million or more people been like
yeah yeah because it's the asinine
amount of wealth of income inequality
right now in America like I think it's
like really obvious now you got like you
got starvation wages you got rents
unaffordable the housing market a minute
house market let you rent unaffordable
in a lot of areas yeah it's [ __ ]
terrible for a lot of people right now
I'm not sure if I if I agree of that at
all so yeah like you're telling me not
by extension that like taxing the
wealthy is like with with Reaganomics
tax cuts with Bush tax cuts and now at
the third compound of Trump tax cuts
that's not popular at this point that's
a lot to swallow
I'm afraid well it's not a it's not it's
just it's just not as simple when you
start asking for
well maybe if you just if you ask the
blanket question so for instance do you
support Medicare for all which is the
system where Americans get health
insurance to the government you ask that
question the support a 65% but when you
when you start out when you start
suggest like taxes or whatever it gets
like really really it gets a lot more
nuanced I'll try to find it I want this
in every my homework and the problem is
framing to they're like it depends like
some of these polls have the agenda it's
like disprove em for a versus like
advocate for it so you can frame it a
really you know it's like how the gas
sorry it's like how they ask Bernie
about the same [ __ ] you know would you
raise taxes in order to do Medicare for
all yes but it would that it editor oh
so you would raise taxes they just focus
on on that and not the result of what
that would mean so it's like yeah you
know somebody linked this I think came
from someone Gabriel again so like a do
you favor where post up get National
Health name centers called Medicare for
all the favor here was 56 percent which
is good and then when you ask more
questions do favor opposed a national
don't care for our planet be heard that
it would do the following guarantee
health insurance is a right for all
Americans 71 percent that's awesome
women in all health insurance premiums
to reduce out-of-pocket health care
costs 67 percent that's awesome limiting
private health insurance companies drop
significantly although I think Bernie's
plan I don't think wants to eliminate
health insurance private health you're
buying for them but I don't think of
those most Americans to pay more in
taxes threatened the current Medicare
program I don't think it supposed to do
that either or lead to delays in people
getting some medical tests treatment
that's not a 26 percent so I mean like
it does change a little bit it's kind of
like the brexit question some of these
are where people are like you know
people of UK like how many are your
favorite breaks it's like oh you know a
majority was but it's like how do we do
breaks it and now nobody can agree and
the Medicare for all thing kind of works
that way to where you know like a lot of
people say yeah we should do it but they
wanna comes down like well how do we do
it well now we start to run into a lot
of strange disagreements where it gets a
little bit more muddy I don't even I
don't pay the sound kind of stubborn
here I don't know if I even really like
this bigger you freak me right here
either actually I feel like um
perhaps that we have more of a problem
of low information voters who don't
understand like whenever cuz we hear
things about eliminate private health
insurance like do they note that
actually means like do they do are you
happier Brenda do you and are you happy
with the current private insurer right
yeah right now most likely you probably
don't over some help if it's like a
workplace provide one it's also probably
Giga horseshit in those situations so
it's like I would argue that when people
say eliminate private insurance that's
like a weird Republican dog whistle I
think when they say eliminate private
insurance but most people here is
eliminating access to your doctor
now Obama said that it wouldn't happen
under the ACA you'd lose access your
doctor Oh in some cases it did but
that's what people I'm gonna go ahead
and make that guess I can't prove that
but I'm gonna make the guest but people
hear that you'll lose your private
insurance but they're really hearing is
I'm gonna lose my private doctor so like
even right that's not the case all the
taya Graham actually I think it's the
easy way to misunderstand that I could
skipping them a big problem here for
sure like here so I'm just gonna get
like I encourage you to do all your
under research like here's like another
set of blanket as well right so if you
scroll down here twenty-eight percent of
Americans think the current health care
system is broken and we need a
completely new system right right
39 percent say that it's not working
well and we need to improve the system
we have now now this is surprising
because when you hear people on Twitter
talk they usually say things like the
ACA is garbage we should have scrapped
it Biden is crazy for wanting to improve
the ACA we need to go a whole new system
with Medicare for all but that's not
actually when the majority of Americans
polled like most of them are in favor of
improvement we have now rather than
scrapping everything and starting over
and then 29% of Americans still feel
that the current health care system is
good but not perfect and we need to
continually make improvements so more
Americans think that the current health
care system is good and that it's
completely broken and then a plurality
believe that we just need to approve
like the ACA so it's here's the answer
let go ahead Kukui Rudess an example
here actually what was the what was the
thing that Obama passed in his first
year in office back in oh wait the
economic stimulus package is that what
that what it was called
Oh tarp yeah yeah yeah okay so Kimmy do
you forgive me I don't know anything
about I wasn't as well back then on all
the stuff here but like do we know how
that played out so I feel like that's
kind of like that a similar like
ambitious ambitious bill they had to
like earlier I had to get done away with
another fuckload a giant
it wasn't even a giant stimulus package
that Obama I thought it was tarp was it
not well I don't member was called
either actually but um I feel like that
had like a [ __ ] ton of [ __ ] of it and I
feel like in in some iteration that
medicare-for-all we have to have like a
[ __ ] ton of [ __ ] in as well and that
wait hold on somebody just said Bush
passed tarp idiot in your chat I don't
know who the [ __ ] that guy is but tarp
was passed in 2009 sorry ok guys no no
yes I just don't know if I thought that
kind of play the same one here because
like I I feel like yeah medicare-for-all
against legislation form would not be
like a simple thing it'd be a very
complicated very huge bill that have to
would get like that would get thrown
back for the football whatever so I'm
kind of wondering like the cuz you're
saying yeah like if we want to do a more
grounded solution right now just just
you know just like about ACA and make it
and make it make it less [ __ ] rather
than this right time for a wait hold on
Brooklyn now guy what's right actually
talk was pressured was just kidding keep
going yeah they do just know hear about
the economic stimulus package do we know
like I'm thinking here like like big boy
bills I would call em for a a very
radical big boy bill so like is there
how did can we recall here the
opposition members being kind of a thing
here right like the Republicans were
actually going completely apeshit over
like oh my god the deficit in the budget
and they do we can't afford the the
economic to most pack of that that uh
that Obama had mom's cabin had actually
passed rebound ministration had passed
okay good talk was overwhelmingly
positive most economists believe that it
was an overwhelming they could think
that the economy I don't think there's a
there might be is there I am that poll
on that I am a full on tarp thing I wish
I could it's got to be like pulling on
this but but I believe like the
overwhelming economic
consensus is that like is that tarp
worth oh not IMF IGM Paul yeah
gotcha gotcha am i calling right here
the ARRA is that uh that's it severing a
bell actually um I think that was the
Obama thingy American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act yeah
cut taxes by two hundred ninety million
or sorry to my two hundred ninety
billion spent two hundred and twenty
twenty four billion and I extended
unemployment benefits education
healthcare really jobs by allocating two
into the five billions of federal
contracts grants and loans yeah yes
there's a lot of spending here I'm more
wondering less about its specifics and
more about like how easy it was to pass
that cuz like that would kind of give me
some anecdotal evidence of like maybe
how important could could that could
play out here cuz like I'll accept your
idea that like okay sure yeah in for is
gonna be like a hard sell this is going
to be a fuckload of pharma pharma money
out here pharmaceutical corruption money
to like oppose it's like it's
implementation or water it down so
comically low that it's like it's no
longer anywhere near what it could could
have been by comparison so I hear you on
that I just don't know I would need
unfortunately I'm not prepared enough
word whole thing
okay you don't have to know it's not a
big deal I'm kind of like that I was
kind of like pulling about I need like
the guys I got it would be really
important and you'd probably need
Democrats in the house of the Senate to
do it would be my guess
yeah yeah and then you'd have to give
something more effective than the ACA
past when the ACA is gonna fail too
because they they pulled the mandate on
that so that [ __ ] is [ __ ] pretty soon
anyway yeah yeah now it's like yeah it's
super useless now it's yeah Medicare and
house at all-time uselessness low
whatever you want to call it dude not
good
I don't know I just feel like the the
public outcry is gonna be pretty big if
things don't really happen I wish I had
more regular people here to tell me
though I feel like I mean maybe
medicare-for-all on a household name now
but the but the the general notion that
uh
that it's a bus a piece of [ __ ] and we
need something better it's a little bit
more than I think but you do you think
with that one poll I don't have polls so
I don't have sources so I can't further
unfortunately yeah I mean like there's
so much but we have so much like the
most the most popular GoFundMe category
is is a medical procedures by a wide
margin there's often medical tragedies
just like absolutely saturated on
GoFundMe fundraiser stuff super late
stage capitalism [ __ ] right there yeah
that's crazy
I know every other country already has I
feel just I feel it again it was more of
a case of like if people are not ever
not into it they don't know they're into
it because even the misinformation is so
bad right now
okay brother developing divided and it's
been spreading misinformation about it
too I think Bernie threw up like a pole
in his sight recently because even
buying in a spreading some bullsháá
that's like like if you pass Medicare
for all it's gonna destroy it like the
current Medicare and [ __ ] so yeah I mean
like a lot of people have been there's
there's so much [ __ ] there's so much
misinformation revolving around health
care and I yeah I don't know I don't
know that's a really complicated one the
messaging on I think Bernie's messaging
on it was really good and it seems like
a lot of Democrats have picked up you
know his messaging but I mean I feel
like if we have somebody like Bernie or
Elizabeth Warren the White House and you
have and you actually I don't know if we
have flipped the Senate I haven't looked
at the electoral map at all but like if
you can get like if you can get my kid
control the senators [ __ ] and then you
still have the house
something has to get done out of the
downs if it didn't it would be like a
federal disaster it would look really
bad for Democrats yeah yeah cuz this was
the same problem that uh this is a big
problem Obama second term right where it
was it was him in a sea full of red all
around at the White House after the
after two years yeah holy [ __ ] yeah it
was a he got nothing done yeah yeah that
that I thought it'd be speed that that
all over again
if things don't change so I hate on that
one for sure but yeah I guess like just
to wrap it all back to the to like a
some kind of stopping point here because
way I'm kind of um I don't have any
counter counter citation to like push
this one further than other my feelings
you know something very go very far here
yeah justice Thames I love what they
stand for I love I love the idea of
fighting a clean fight and letting and
kind of like having some kind of like
weaponized messaging coming to play here
to like let everyone get uh get the
correct information on what things
actually are rather than being fed
propaganda from corrupt sources and
politics um again I still feel kind of
iffy about the Pelosi things because
like you seem a little tainted and
you're in your purity now and oh yeah
and the parity thing but like you what
you give a Thrones now we thought was
already bored I haven't a thought
there's a time when uh there's a guy
called bra bra bra bra bra my thing and
he fights he's like he's like a drone I
guess for a South sort he fights like
real dirty and he has a duel with a guy
looks like a knight in armor and in
brawn kind of like he'd be like the
rogue and you look I would be like a
knight or a paladin or some [ __ ]
and he basically he ends up beating him
in the fight because he kind of plays a
little bit thirty and uh at the end I
think the little boy screams at him you
don't fight with honor and you know
after he's killed the other guy he's
like no but he did you know like at the
end of the day it's about winning seats
and it's about being politically
effective and you know being politically
pure is good for Twitter or it's good
for the Justice towns that are in very
cozy Democrat districts will never lose
their seats but when it W we talk about
like making real effective change on the
ground it has to be done in Congress
it's just the only way to do it and I
you don't have to look at it from that
way but that's kind of the way that I
look at things and man losing seats in
Congress because you want to be you know
like real cool on social media I just
think it's a really horrible [ __ ] way
to go about you know politics that's
just
I know you bring up a valid point I I
look forward to I'm gonna do my homework
on this one and I'll come back to you
next week on this one from here I'm just
like thanks man
maybe just because like the reason the
kind of reason I got in the Pollack's
the first was because like whenever Jon
Stewart retired from doing his little
Daily Show thing I no longer had like
the the like the the buffer of humor to
like separate the actual I don't know
like existential dread I feel in modern
politics now and and then like I didn't
I felt I could have might say anyone cuz
everything was just everything was like
just completely [ __ ] until I finally
you know heard burning say some things
up I've resonated really really well
I'll just genuine populist policy I
thought was fans fantastic and that
things could be better and that's kind
of where I started that's what got me
into it so I kind of like I kind of hold
on to that up that that as corny as it
may sound here at home to that hope that
things can eventually get to that point
in some way and I don't know I feel like
shooting for anything less than that is
just like a yeah kind of a kidding me
right now but I hear you though I hear
you loud and clear though for sure okay
so we went to onto something right there
let's bring it back now so now we uh if
you want to go back into into
introductions so I see because I
actually don't know I don't know where
you are right now I don't know where you
are I don't know what you're doing I
don't know what even the goal of your
your current travel ship you're
currently on right now your extravaganza
worldwide you know something fest what
are you doing um I'm traveling I'm in
Sweden so I was in France two weeks ago
or week and a half ago because a fan
brother invited me to a bachelor party
or no no and I think well until like a
bachelor party slash wedding so we went
to France I was like yeah [ __ ] it and
then now we're in Sweden I'm actually in
an island now called Scotland okay yeah
which is like a like an island
the floats around new your suite and I'm
hanging out here for a few days and then
I think in three or four days I'm
probably flying back to America and then
I'll probably be back home in LA and
maybe like a few days after that okay
dude tight have you been enjoying it
even a is there any like um I don't know
if I wanted to live the trip through
your eyes here am I supposed to be like
is it a whole injure Twitter you've been
posting on IG or like how are people
keeping up with you right now my kind of
like Instagram it but yeah okay thank
you
gotcha preparing for the fight on area
51 I'm ready dude I'm well I I've
consumed the [ __ ] load of anime so I'm
definitely ready to do the Naruto arms
and you know run run towards a 51 I'm
ready I'm ready
okay well by comparison my week has been
far less eventful I've I say eventful
not like it's just more of the same
really at the variety of what I've been
doing is kind of low here I've been um
playing a fuckload of Mario maker on TV
so actually I'm uh I'm getting up there
now I'm a I'm a 5k and II every single
day now I've been a view counts been fat
I've been I've been viral I've been
doing a better mate maintenance here my
u2 is blowing up I went from a I went
from 45 K subs to I mean I'm not trying
to brag just give me like the what 40
okay holy [ __ ] on YouTube on YouTube to
now now I'm at 88 K I'm on pace for like
100 and you know a matter of time if I
keep grinding like I'm doing right now
yeah yeah I found out today actually I
completely forgot that uh apparently
YouTube meals you a plaque if you get a
hundred K did you get this plaque in
questions apposite Lee I think they're
backed up like [ __ ] no I think even
on the on the millions sub one I think
they're backed up on that one II but it
takes like three years to get that point
I think that's why I figured you know
like I did yeah yeah so I've been
dropping I've been grinding haven't been
been uh I've been uh like to view
YouTube is kind of like feeding the
beast you know I'm just like I know
right now I'm in an algorithm that's
people been telling me so I know means I
need to keep doing more what I'm doing
right now so I just I try to throw out
like I'm starting out two videos a day
minimum trying to like you know I mean
the editor going ham all [ __ ] time
dude just pumping him out I'm not
getting a lot of sleep not gonna lie to
you I I generally I'm doing like 10 to
12 hour streams and then I'm up from
other three to four hours just going
through vod's getting my editor all
things he needs pretty much I gave him
like I give them
so many things with time stamps to like
make videos of that there's no way you
can't get to two minute to minimum
videos down the day so we're doing that
right now
but yeah but nothing oh great question
actually I've been doing so my strategy
has been to try to lure them in with
mario maker and then win them over my
personality so I'm not doing just pure
Mario maker I am I'm being
unapologetically myself so it's everyday
is two videos at least and it's one game
play and then one non gameplay so I'll
do like my really really smart idea nice
oh thank you yeah well you know actually
I learned all this from Mario maker 1
like Mario maker 1 I don't know what the
[ __ ] I was doing I wasn't used to like I
wasn't used to having an 8000 viewers
stream I don't know how to deal with it
I let like someone random loser in chat
make my feelings get hurt and I would be
all insecure and in my fields or
whatever now I know I'm a chat and
Alpha's [ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ]
anymore so the haters I just you know
whatever [ __ ] dude they mad or
jealous or some [ __ ]
so yeah I'm used to I can react better
with Baker streams now I I'm trying to
do better on the understanding of the
entirety of like audience expectations
so it's like if I only if I get it
viewers and I only do what they want
which is I guess mario maker
cuz it's all they wants Mario maker
whatever then yeah I'm never condition
them to understand like you know what's
what what I'm here for you know they
come to the my maker directory but
they're not there for me specifically
and my goals kind of like just try to
retain even if half of that half of the
after Mario maker 2 is ver ality is done
like whatever your current viewership
was before you explode using Mario maker
to your understanding you're probably
not lose like a fat girl viewership but
whenever you keep from that is gonna be
way [ __ ] higher than before the viral
explosion yeah that's like that's the
way to go yeah your average is not and
not compared to your peak you know I'm
saying for sure we just begin by like
all those things firm things I learned
in hindsight now they're all obvious but
these are all things I did not know so I
was like in 2016 one from like you know
a que big dick energy to 2.5 k 2 k to
1.8 and just like I was I was like I was
freaking out like dude what am i doing
so I just kept I kept doing I did only
more and more maybe
two desperately pertain what I had and
it was like I had the completely wrong
perspective and mentality I was insecure
I let the viewcount be an extension of
my self-worth which is obviously
pathetic and shallow and bad so the
whole thing was just I wasn't mental
maths back then I'm a lot better now but
yeah I did my personality so like a you
know I actually did a really good video
on is trihard racist I think even you
would actually enjoy it
Esmond go watch the nistrim the other
day and his 25k viewers actually thought
I was I did a really good job on it nice
so shouts the feeling dgg actually wants
to talk about it's actually it's pretty
cool
but yeah I be opting by then bloke up on
that so I'm maintaining that the stream
I'm grinding hard right now I'm doing
that
[ __ ] man so I've been playing a [ __ ]
little Mario maker I've been literally
if I'm not streaming I'm doing YouTube
content from out doing YouTube content
and I'm asleep that's like like to give
you an idea of how little I move right
now I'm on my ass in this [ __ ] chair
it's [ __ ] 15 16 hours a day when I move
its walk my dog twice a night twice a
day you know I walk my dog in the
morning walk my dog at night and that's
why I do for moving like I'm I am
literally I'm I have to be in the
worship of my life
worst shape of my life since having
started worth working out in in 2014
like I have not been moving at all I'm
set a Terry it's it feels bad what I'm
doing right now is lifestyle is very not
healthy I'm I'm binging on caffeine and
other like other unhealthy additives to
like women Kevin's not healthy but like
you know I didn't need caffeine when I
was working out I need it now because
I'm not moving like I I need to like
just like I'd like get woke and [ __ ] and
just keep going no just keep going
beast so do you feel like mentally okay
oh yes okay so the reason why I'm not
anywhere near burnout is because I've
had to live in hindsight since 2015 like
above everything else do it felt it felt
super embarrassing that I mismanaged
merrymakers so badly that I went from an
ache a viewer to sub1 k viewer stream in
the matter of like a year and a half
like clearly I did something comically
comically like terrible on as far as
management goes
I didn't know what I was doing I didn't
how to deal with it there's a lot of
pressures law judgment there you know at
the peak of it I was only a top ten
streamer like you know bye-bye November
2015 I was I was getting aka day at peak
12k day and so I was up there with like
the top ten on certain nights and and
yeah I lied I crumbled I was really
insecure about a lot of things I did not
a deal with I do there was rampant
jealousy there was a lot of eyes on me
any opinion I said was like hyper
scrutinized weather being chatter
anywhere else or maybe on Reddit you
know just you know I didn't have the
healthy amount of ego to like deal with
being in that level of visibility I
guess what I'm saying but I'm yeah I'm
not burnt out though really what it is
now is I'm actually really feeling it
because before I was looking for purpose
like I was flattered whenever you hit me
up and you want to do the Kapaa cast was
I was like oh cool this is the thing I
can I can work on it I can work on like
I present myself and how I may be over
relied on anecdotes in the very
beginning when we were talking or how I
over I over explained on press there's
no see if I over explained my positions
and rambling rambling and whatnot we
didn't have like a cohesive like
back-and-forth banter which is like you
know my monologue then your monologue
and I can I caught on how to do better
on the podcasting front I think we've
come a long way since 22 episodes go so
you know so yeah I know I'm not not burn
out cuz I don't have the enth right the
best thing I hear is I'm not burnt out
because it's more like I want 30 hour
days and only have 24 like I'm always
out of time to do the next thing
like I'm so busy just streaming and
feeding the YouTube beast III I wish I
had more hours to actually like get the
other things done for the stream that I
want to do so yeah or not even in time
there's an impotent things you can fill
your time with especially when you're
streaming a lot it's really not yeah
yeah you know I'm trying to do some like
a like I'm trying to do some some like
some some powerful stuff here dude like
now to actually have like the revenue to
actually like you know I have like the
quote-unquote the the idea fuel I have
like the actual money to finally like do
some cool [ __ ] I want to do some cool
[ __ ] dude I'm trying to do with like my
own my own take on a not not destiny GG
particularly but like a like a high idea
thing that separates me from other
streamers
that you can't get anywhere else um that
I could I mean I don't wanna do you
really know if you want to talk about it
but I couldn't yeah oh okay well [ __ ]
do so the thing I got here is uh I'm
working on this thing
I had a browser extension a while back
ago was called a called my waifu where
like all the anime loving people in my
jacket just like uh you could uh it
would start as a chatbot you just like
you know you pick your waifu and then
take a picture of whoever whatever anime
girl you liked and you'd be able to like
set your wife who has whoever like I
don't know what hand me Washington
whatever but just a like for example
like Inuyasha I don't that's one you
know we're not here but like I know
fireballs at each other right meant to
have the big spiky hair um Dan dude no
but okay let's let's use a more obvious
one let's say let's say [ __ ] you're
being a [ __ ] shooter dude I was like
you piece of [ __ ] I was I didn't know I
was like so I did mine when I see Kagome
on screen okay cool so let's say that
your waifu is Kagome from Inuyasha
that's your oneness you've heard that
your first anime boner you know we all
have it's not a big deal it's totally
normal by the way yep so what happens is
like the idea behind the gimmick is that
you set your waifu and you cannot change
it ever again
like when you said it you are committed
to her that is your one and only forever
waifu or has bond oh right um so
whenever you said it the idea is you uh
you get a new badge via some CSS mods in
the chat you get a new little badge when
you mouse over the badge kind like you
know if the sub badge or the Prime badge
or the the bit the bit cheering badge or
whatever you get a new badge and chat
when you install the extension and when
you mouse over it a new menu will pop up
to show you like that users waifu what
what anime series are from and the
picture that they uploaded from like
imager of the wife in question and a 280
character brief summary of why you know
of thor of the waifu like why they
picked them and what what they mean to
them and why their best girl or best guy
or whatever and that's it and and the
cool thing is at work site wide so sure
in my chat it was like you know everyone
had a waifu whatever but when I'm when
I'm in like Destiny's chat you know it's
like if I see you like you know
you have people like you know you know
whatever talking and it's like you know
three or four people with the badge I'm
like oh hey you're a weave okay
let's you know and you can see what
they're doing what not so that's the
idea the idea is I actually like put
money into this extension and I build it
up further I can then you know do like
I've had a base I can then like consult
what have enough users install I can
consult like an animator
hey man what's up baby I'll even gotten
to the paint the paint wall feature hang
on slow down now but but yeah and I want
to do some I want to do some cool [ __ ]
man that really like changes the
perception of the value of like a trihex
uh or even being a trihex community
member ii finally I can finally do that
now so you know cuz if you for example
if you're if you're a destiny sub you
know if you're a dgg or like it's like
there's so much more to the whole thing
than just being you know being investing
these twitch ad and having you know some
some badges or whatever you know you're
obviously in the you're in the Destiny
ecosystem part of the political elite
exactly exactly the whole thing there's
so much more to it and I love I love
that and I've been wanting to do like
through this pathway like I had an
initial away smaller version this whole
extension in 2016 but but honestly it
costs too much money like it got to
30,000 viewers and it was like costing
me like uh over a hundred dollars a
month to maintain that was like I
couldn't I was like what am I doing this
for do I can't even like a where's this
going right now I'm being throttled off
of money and everything else currently
so yeah you know what I really want to
do have you played any of those horrible
[ __ ] I should make you meet your stream
because I don't want to expose more
people don't know it okay anyway I won't
be a minute
all right you ever played a clicker game
you don't these are the point-and-click
adventure games no no no no like have
you ever heard of like cookie clicker no
I haven't heard this No
Oh No he's like God gotcha games like
he's like the those like pay2win like
infinite no it's not it's worse you pay
with time it's even worse than money you
pay per call comedy mental games yeah
basically like here's the thing it'll be
like let's say you want a bacon cookies
you might click and then you have to
make ten cookies by clicking your mouse
you can
ten cookies to get a grand lunch I make
like one cookie every 10 seconds you can
keep clicking more either you make two
grandmas and then ask you've got like 20
grandmas they're making like you know
one cookie or two cookies a second then
you can make like a bakery and then
that'll make like 10 cookies and you say
keep clicking but you don't know this oh
man [ __ ] they're right oh no you got me
blueballed right now okay so I get it
okay so you clicked it you click you
keep clicking to like build your
resources and you have resource building
resources and then you have like a
factory that's assembling resources and
then what yeah and you keep clicking
more well I'm actually going you don't
click eventually but you have to get so
many it's horrible dude oh my god but
anyway I wanted to build one of these
for my chat I'm still like okay I was
like where's this going like I
understand the whole point build it for
your chat mmm okay all right
yeah but probably they're like waifu
clickers - it's like a million different
types of clickers but yeah well like the
end game I have the whole idea of the
extension is that like it'll it'll give
like weaves like they'll be the official
like weave extension ambassadorship to
like lead to like healthier twitch chats
because people will be able to know more
about each other it's by if they love
anime or whatever that's a great idea
because then you could make an
attachment to go alongside it which
would be the auto block list so that
anybody that has a [ __ ] weave [ __ ]
[ __ ] plug-in automatically get some
unit and then you have mate which a
better place
Amen tracks I [ __ ] like it all right
so you're being a [ __ ] right now and
maybe you're not actually you be hating
a [ __ ] but I I do hear me out okay
what I do want to do is I want to have
waifu gangs within there like I want to
I want to completely rewrite like the
the socio logic paradigm within twitch
can you imagine what you can do if you
can go in a twitch chat and you can
immediately see sorted by by anime
series whose wife whose are from what
series you can immediately know all the
Sailor moons all the Inuyasha's all
Dragon Ball Z's or whatever like you can
immediately like you could you could you
could innovate your ship hosting you can
say like you know [ __ ] all the DBZ you
know wife was out here you know you're
all they're all trash trashcan trashcan
you can smell there's already like
really big associations
with these what do you mean um like have
you ever heard of NAMBLA no is that like
is that a switch thing or whatever like
[Laughter]
I'm just fine good I'm sorry listen
anime fans I have been [ __ ] my life
up [ __ ] these guys okay I'm sorry
I love you and you're pure you do you
okay I actually think it outside I'm
being condescending right now because
I'm leaving but it's actually a really
good idea I think you'll be really
saying if you're actually able to gather
stuff like popular drug version of
people like recognize each other and
Chad's delicious I think it'd be really
good yeah thank you
yeah it's uh yeah what I like about it
too is like it goes back to the whole
idea of like you know right now I'm a
I'm a known merrymaker player or
whatever and maybe maybe like because
I'm the trihard II model whatever like
that and maybe because of my personal
over time here but right now is the most
important time to differentiate myself
as much as possible from every other
more mature player to like legitimize
the longevity of the sustainability of
my current virality there was a lot as a
lot of words right there so yeah if I'm
if I'm Nona is like daddy anime of
twitch then I think it's a [ __ ] yeah
well I will happily take that uh take
that mantle so alright you know five
heads in chat let's just make it happen
so that's that's the exciting thing I've
been working on there or that's the
exciting thing I'm working on right now
but you know that's also like you know
this is requires like you know meetings
in too much other [ __ ] I'm working with
some like web dev staffs like uh get
some contractors on all of that and get
the [ __ ] poppin but yeah my but back to
the the topic here though the
introductions here that has been my week
it's been mostly you know I'm blowing up
I'm viral right now I'm trying to keep
it going I'm just working really [ __ ]
hard to do my thing and yeah I'm trying
to convert him to lifelong fans
hopefully because I I would like
streaming the B I would like full-time
streaming to be as sustainable as
possible so I'm all for growth they're
like a Mac but not particularly if I'm
to be honest I'm not particularly in
streaming like for the money they don't
think really anyone is I think you be
coming with that kind of attitude like I
want to be that I want to be an ex-ninja
and make like you know whatever five
million a year whatever I don't I got no
time he makes actually but like you know
I'm all about I'm just team like keep it
sustainable I want to like not you know
fall apart
I mean my caste Catholic right now but
y'all like I was I was a sub 1 K and E
and uh that [ __ ] you know at that point
you don't have like the you know the
visibility on Twitch to really like I
don't know keep any kind of sub count
stable I would say you know those
products and gifts are a lot of really
flaky blow that doesn't give you a
legitimate number of what you're gonna
make into n so yeah you know if it if
you if Chad doesn't agree with that one
then I'll notice how you do I don't know
happen if I'm wrong there then [ __ ]
dude hop in the ring and Bobby then [ __ ]
show me what's good it's all you lost
all you know it's all of y'all are now
professional backseat deep analyst
streamers and all that okay yeah that's
what that's what I want lately here
sometimes keep in mind Ryan up right now
um let's see here the another topic I
got for you though actually came already
we've already killed an hour by the way
I was where I was worried where we're
gonna be able to fill an hour today we
got a girl that got a little bit a
little bit yeah I didn't see the pit so
let's rewind back here yeah so there's a
very do you know her name do you know
anything about uh Bailey that's Bianca
yeah Bianca do you want to do want to
talk about that like I think the story
was basically that she had there was a
good guy and that she was like friends
with it wasn't like a total stranger
stalker because apparently the family
knew the guy
there was a good guy that she was
friends with and I I don't know if this
guy got like jealous or something for
her not dating him and basically yeah he
went over and he like cut her throat
open I think he was trying to kill
himself whether the police got to him he
posted pictures of him killing the girl
online and I guess some other [ __ ] up
dude like masturbated to the pictures
and then send it to the girl's mom it's
like super [ __ ] up
see I understand it as the the murderer
himself took pictures in and masturbated
to it and then I thought that or in
initially but a lot of you were saying
that wasn't the case okay maybe I would
know then I I read like one secondhand
account of it happening the night it
happened
okay this is this is pretty terrible I I
don't know I just didn't have enough
time to like look further into it I want
to kind of like fall asleep so I did end
up like not looking further into it yeah
it's a it's terrible but so what I heard
too was also that um it was a discord
meetup I don't I didn't know the part
about the fact that that the family knew
the the the murderer person but like
that the initial agreement to meet up
was like organized over discord and then
from there so it's kinda like at this
court meet which is kind of like kind of
sketched in the first place and that uh
yeah upon the cupon the confirmation
that like you know she was uh she was
already dating someone or she wasn't go
to like X thing with another person not
him you know he went to like some kind
of like super toxic jealousy jealousy
rage thing and and ultimately did we did
which is pretty terrible what's really
big here to expect that you know is the
I think the age is really important
bring up here because she was she was
she was 17 or 16 and he was he was 17 or
18 like yeah super super young
[ __ ] hell dude yeah it's it's it's
tragic all around um yeah I don't know I
I want to refer it I kind of want to do
a thing on it and all my chatter saying
that he was 21 and the girl was like 17
or something okay okay alright
not even more ghosts I was actually
older as I'd like he had more should
have had like more years of wisdom to
like compute not to do that kind of
thing yeah I wish I'll have more to
really say it's it's it's it's [ __ ]
terrible Fox a masculine ace with a
problem I don't know what I'm gonna call
it justification of women entitlement
it's just there's there's a lot going on
right there but I don't know enough
about this situation for this person in
particular North me to like dive into
like specifics about I mean clearly
outweigh the stop was kind of happening
but the specific stood so we can like
you know bring into like a you know can
do further prevention attitude about
particularly the angle this guy came
from though
yeah if you don't have effect if you
don't have more there than we can sales
kind of like the one I I'm sorry to have
them prepared actually yeah yeah right
so the next one I got for you is uh well
destiny i from i understand you didn't
stream monday and tuesday did you I
didn't stream Monday I'm sorry in the
liaison who's another [ __ ] up wait
well hello oh you just get it I know I'm
here
I never they were dropping sorry okay
what do you say I said see you stream
Tuesday I've been trying to stream at
least two hours every day I think I
missed like one or two days instead of
traveling but when trying to stream like
two hours everything runs I am Francis
Coraline no internet but yeah but I've
been doing okay no cuz I'm Megan if
you're part of this fear or not we got
the next topic is the Amazon Prime day
strike versus protest want to get in
this with you actually okay with a blade
what about Bernie Bernie extreme to 200
so so the idea here those organization
I believe via one of the Amazon
distribution warehouses where they were
going to do a plan coordinated strike
because they want because of worker
conditions and pay and some other stuff
here and Amazon treats their warehouse
workers like [ __ ] they had to get shamed
by the stop baseless act that was like
code drafted by Bernie Sanders in order
to like in order for Amazon the company
in order to like finally have like the I
don't know the quote-unquote courage to
finally award the workers $15 an hour
which is still comically terrible for a
company that's that powerful and and
even then the fifth the pay raise came
with like a cut in quite a few benefits
with him as well including some limited
stock options I've it's our call
correctly but the yeah so the I don't
know if there was other protests
elsewhere I believe they heard was
another one as well via like UPS I could
be wrong on that though but particularly
it was an Amazon distribution warehouse
where the strike was coordinated it just
kind of like halt all the ships and
stuff that was going on from Amazon from
their success of their previous prime
days on
this year's prime day and it's close
extended further here into where it's
relevant to this topic right now because
the by extension there was some advocacy
via on a political Twitter to also
strike any Amazon ecosystem associated
products including namely twitch to not
stream on Twitch and not use twitch on
prime day Monday and Tuesday and it was
like okay well this so now we're going
into from the strike and to the protest
here and it was kind of a murky thing
because out people are asking me on
Sunday if I was going to stream on
Monday and I was like and I was from the
from the very shop I was very I was very
upfront about it's like you know I
probably come off as kind of like a
hypocritical piece of [ __ ] right now but
yeah I did I worked really hard I worked
really hard to get this streak right now
and we have changed the title to try X
[ __ ] all Amazon workers bro
I mean yeah do I mean [ __ ] you got me
dude what am I gonna say right here
about this whole thing dude like
anonymous worker so I don't know
personally who for a company that I am
contracted via my even a direct employee
of you know I'm gonna stop streaming
while other streamers continue to stream
I literally lose my streak and my and my
clout and my momentum I have here in
order to do what protesting and like an
isolation am I gonna like I'm gonna fly
over to Tennessee overnight and be on
the front pickup line and then and then
not guys and then and then not and the
not live stream the the protest to raise
awareness here like wouldn't I do better
to stream on Monday and raise awareness
of the strike that way if you're if you
can do some about you get involved
whatever like how much time Angie's been
talking about the strike down that's
true try X about on Sunday about an hour
and then on Monday maybe but me about 30
or 40 minutes because by that point
people were kind of like I know if I'd
I've made a compelling argument about
like what they were doing because
ultimately like yeah you're mad that I'm
streaming on this day but here you are
watching me on Twitch mister I'm
boycotting Twitch
now--so triads and then what are you
gonna do like you're gonna like get off
the internet because you know half the
Internet's powered by Amazon Web
Services AWS so what are you gonna what
are you gonna do then or he's gonna like
get off the internet in its entirety and
all that if you have if you if you
support or if you have a problem with
the morality and the labor the
exploitation of the labor that Amazon
does does that mean you also oppose
Walmart and the tomatoes Harvard for the
for the for the plant our for the
burgers that are made by Wendy's and the
I mean I can go on on here honestly but
you get the idea like it's gonna like
not consume anything and not not go to
any corporations they all they're all
amoral piles of [ __ ] like he's just
gonna like move to move the [ __ ] some
isolated like island like you are where
is this where is this pragmatic tracks
earlier we were talking about the
justice downs well it's like this isn't
what were you gonna do that you're gonna
do a two-day strike on the most powerful
corporation in the world and then you're
going to like and then in a minute
Wednesday morning case you're gonna like
immediately untuck your boner and
[ __ ] nut all over the and the
internet and all the Amazon products you
would ever clear gonna consume like I
think the idea is supposed to be that
the Amazon Prime day is an important day
for Amazon so if you boycott that want
that important day it sends a strong
message because you go through with your
wallet right yeah that's the idea anyway
but it felt like it was more it felt
cannibalistic to me and again I'm openly
admitting that could come off as
hypocritical here on this hardcore
obviously because it's in my
self-interest here but I just wonder
like I guess the problem is like how
many people are willing to take a
voluntary day off but with all the
consequences of doing so without pay to
then help I don't know to like then help
I don't know like what IRL strangers in
some like non direct way you know I
don't know the idea is that like we take
a day off without pay because one we
make money when we don't stream because
we got passive income via YouTube and
songs and then two and then people that
we're taking a day off to help our
people that literally don't even with
the option to take a day off right these
are people that are barely making ends
meet and if they were to take a day off
they would start missing fills or some
[ __ ] but I mean it's kind of with the
aspectus war right yeah strike versus
the protests kinda I was getting out
there yeah
um piano I made my points in my chat and
then people were kind of like rolling at
it a little bit there and I'm like well
I don't know I feel like I well one I
didn't share from the topic here so I'm
live today consequences be damned but
I'm open to talk about it further and
yeah well can we kind of did so I don't
know like what's your what's your take
home then I guess you're like to care
enough to actually go on [ __ ]
straight you go rip me down and then you
because I wasn't the one an hour ago
because check your check and be like oh
[ __ ] Jesse but that's the same sure they
said an hour ago but I wasn't an hour
ago be like well the ideological purity
of our votes are important for any type
of political process but n you're like
yeah you know let's not get paid
imma get paid if I stream on these two
days there are some Mario maker to play
[ __ ] I can't go on strike and so
I mean that's why I roasted you over it
but yeah I don't know I don't even know
buddy I don't know how I feel about the
whole Amazon patient I just haven't dug
into that hmm I guess the idea there is
like the is it um
how effective would it have been though
like so I asked the people in my channel
okay of them here right so the idea is
that I don't stream and then I don't
stream about the fight that I'm not
streaming and then just like what I just
complained on Twitter so I'm not gonna
fly overnight to Tennessee did I go to
go protest at the factory or the the
warehouse Mike I mean if people want
which wanted to do it I think there
would have been some really cute ways to
effectively organize it but just not
streaming was kind of uh I hate the term
for actually signaling but like I just
kind of like showing people you were a
good person like for instance like a
much better way to effectively organize
it would have and I'm you know probably
given many ways to like what it would
have been really cool is to have message
like all of the political streamers
maybe it's like you me the song and
anybody else who does show like up maybe
try to rope in a couple Picard streamers
and then have all of us stream for like
24 hours but the stream is just like you
open the stream you turn it on and it's
just like a slate that like directs
people to like a website like hey here's
where the amazon worker strikes are
doing like go check that out or whatever
like that would have been like the that
would have been like on all the streams
so that if people know that you're
actually raising awareness because I'll
give a go to click and watch the streams
a lot of
would see that slightly they go wait
what the [ __ ] was claw and then people
would go over and they you know research
was going on that would have been a
better way to organize I think that
rather than like because right now what
happened is um right now what happened
is a problem of people would probably
just one watched other streams we were
just like oh I wonder whether no stream
today I go watch somebody else yeah
that's a fair point yeah especially if
it goes like boycott streamers
apparently just streamed on YouTube then
oh I don't even know that wait who did
that yeah like if you know screaming
YouTube well what's the point of your
thing at all that I don't even know
yeah yeah right it's just like that's
why that's why fellas kind of like weird
that you're just like oh you're gonna be
off the internet and off of AWS stuff
until Wednesday and then you're just
melee right back on there anyway but you
bring up a point that actually been
really cool I just didn't I didn't
really know what to do of it in like I
guess it's kind of put in a really hard
spot although ultimately like if I was
like if I have stabilised the view count
then maybe but because I'm still growing
right now I'm trying to like maximize
what I can retain yeah I admit I'm a
little bit self sinner in that regard
I'm all for you know doing what I can't
help the workers out but like like the
one thing the one thing I didn't want to
do was stop streaming is there way for
me to support without not without not
not streaming then then yeah what it did
it but seemed like everything was going
to be a protest I was like [ __ ] dude
well you got me in a hard spot right now
cuz you know it's not like and here's a
bigger thing here too it's like it's not
like my competition is going to like not
stream on Monday and Tuesday right oh
you know the other Mario maker dreamers
or whoever you know whoever the cross
Divac of mine maybe or whatever they're
all gonna stream I can't imagine a more
politically savvy noir gonna like you
know are you gonna hate me I don't want
to assign you okay I love you Craig I
like talking to you but like technically
everything you're saying would have made
this the best time for you to go on
strike right like because you actually
would have had like a little bit of
something to lose you actually have had
like the idea that like so like for
instance like me going on strike for
those two days would have been like a
really funny movie because I'm like the
only two retards in a I knew it because
I'm already like out at that like I'm
not gonna like I would actually even if
I wasn't streaming I probably would have
tweeted something saying like by the way
i'm not streaming because I'm like
it has nothing to do the straight
because I would have felt bad because
like I'm not like honestly I want credit
for that but like I mean I feel like at
the time so you actually have something
to lose which let's be realistic so we
don't even really have much to lose
right are like the times when you're
when you're when you're actually your
views like actually meet the medal like
you actually believe in what you say or
you're just kind of like talking about
it online because this is what sounds
good right now you kind of believe it
but when you're actually push comes to
shove you're not ready to like stand by
your beliefs like an in a more difficult
way so I don't know I think I think that
like if this is something you feel like
really big one like he was a worker
strike I think there's probably even
though you aren't going right now like
it would have been like a good time to
show like hey even though I'm growing
and wet even like oh [ __ ] going on I'm
going on strike for these two days
because I want to show solidarity with
the Amazon workers and you guys should
check out like their cars or whatever
right debatably but like hmm but at a
point hear about that debatably I don't
know I don't know them I guess it's also
there's a lot of emotions on mine here
too because I mean it's a very most
thing for me because this is like I'm
for I'm for once correcting the thing
that I've been regretting in hindsight
for such a long time that which is the
management of my stream and the constant
I'm producing when I am viral I did a
terrible job in 2015 I had to like live
with that for a very long time
and I'm finally like back on correction
course now and then an unforeseen thing
has got me like this this point so you
know you're not wrong you're not wrong I
I openly again admit here that uh
self-interest and potentially
hypocritical conclusions here where I
map the whole thing but I don't know
it's such a huge variable though yeah
would it have worked well maybe sure I
had steak sir but I don't I don't
[ __ ] know I don't know I can't say
really okay
seems like a risk it seemed like larissa
I was like not really eager to take yeah
alright what's the part next turn next
topic the next one here was food so
don't want to I guess I want to
name-drop here it's a public suite so
it's fine
summit had a pretty a pretty out-there
take with the Scarlett Johansson
a statement she made earlier this week
Scot Johansson from what I recall here
said that she has the right to depict
anything she chooses to do her job
whether it be an animal a tree or a
trans sexual dart transsexual I'm sorry
trying to transfer us I'm sorry um like
maybe saying right now do you do you
have the heavy read the tweet in
question or which I agree to read it out
loud or like um I mean yeah I'm pretty
sure I read it I caught up on this like
two days ago and so they tried um
okay let me I'm gonna grab your mind
it's just like what's your thank God I
would hear it go for it this is a
business a really complicated one I
think I know for sure let me um real
quickly just grab here so summit said
here uh just got done our gift my
girlfriend and her friends over this
stupid scarlet [ __ ] I'll never
understand the other side of this
argument I'm blown away so the other
side I guess being the side that's
advocating for like genuine
representation or just representation or
diversity in representation in the
media's because again it was hard to
Hanson who's not trans depicting a trans
a trans person for a movie or role
whatever right and so the first thing I
did there was I quoted I kind of like
want to reframe the argument because
like he had trouble understanding
perhaps what his girlfriend was saying
so I don't know what she said cuz again
he's kind of just tweeted that out in
isolation so I try to summarize it and
kind of say that like Scarlett Johansson
technically has the right I agree that
has the rights to pick whatever she
wants but you have to admit here that uh
being gay or being LGBTQ in Hollywood
you get a lot less opportunities open to
you
so whenever the top-heavy rebel just
like kind of acquire whatever they want
they've kind of comes a problem here
with like the legitimacy of the
depiction of the things are that are
happening on-screen to an extent and
that there's not equal opportunity
anywhere near that right now whether it
be in the MCU with flirt with their
comical attempt to have like I don't
know a gay person and their recent films
up into the fact that those suited and
power can't can just continue to like
monopolize everything you know the whole
idea of the of the complication with
like
with the scroll Johansson depicting
Motoko and ghost Michelle from from a
from an anime film was the fact that it
was it was it wasn't like a Japanese
woman who played it it was it was it was
her and the idea under that's the factor
because there's no bankable you know we
need sponsor handsome need a bankable
actress to let this film have the
minimized risk to have the production be
worthy of a hundred million dollar
budget without sponsor Hanson involved
I'll have that name power to draw in for
the film therefore I don't want to do
one Jamila film I don't want to do like
a thirty million dollar film if I'm
gonna give you like an Asian actress and
the problem there is if you continue to
give you know all the established actors
and actresses you know all the all the
roles matter matter what then will there
ever there will never be you know there
never is going to be a bankable Asian
actress I would say I mean we try to
think about one right now here so it's
like not really there you know think
about Lucy lui think about the the girl
from Pacific realm there's just not a
lot of Asian actresses I think that are
like you know household names and in
North America altogether here and I
think it's awesome honestly a problem
and that problem honestly feats itself
here because you want bankable actresses
you never get the opportunity to the
other ones to grow and develop and shoot
you into the films in some good things
go on over again so I am but I did I did
clarify here though that I'm not I'm not
for like standardized diversity I'm not
for like force injecting diversity as a
checkmark list and I do think the idea
that you see some diversity being done
for the sake of like political points on
some kind of capitalistic scale is kind
of like insincere to say the least but I
can kind of say people coming from here
whenever they're mad about you know why
can't you skit like a talented trans
person actor actress to depict the trans
person you want in the film you want I
don't see why you have to don't see why
you're you're going for a assist woman I
guess sorry that was kind of working out
that I was like no yeah there are like
so many different parts of this to like
unpack and so many different ways you
know you covered a few of the areas
here's like a couple of questions you
just throw out and things that I think
are funny a lot of people say the trans
women or trans people should just be
considered the gender that they identify
with
so for instance we shouldn't call you a
trend
woman we should just go you a woman
right we shouldn't have this like this
trans thing is in terms of referring to
people at least of social levels just
kind of like a unnecessary and it just
needs to come otherwise trans people if
you believe that does it hurt your cause
at all when you say well hold on a cyst
woman can't play a transform that we
need a transfer to play trans woman do
you think that do you think that plays
against your I guess your messaging and
all like well what do you mean by that
is a sting is like a fundamental
difference between a trans woman and a
woman now obviously there is for in
terms of like how society treats people
might not like that's true but well so
ok so again I didn't have a look I would
encourage you to actually read the
thread that I put there because I I
didn't really have a strong stance I
wasn't really hardcore on that like scar
chances in the wrong I pre she has a
right it's more that cuz I call so agree
if you to the fact that like okay so if
you say that if someone's in transition
they're fixated on the end result of
what they want to be perceived or
perceived gender as not really the state
they're currently in as being in
transition so it's like do you like are
you do you like celebrate the transition
which is not probably what their
intention is in the first place here by
giving them a troll
I could I could understand that angle as
well here from the whole point just more
that I the thing I am hardcore on is
that there is a representation problem
in Hollywood production films and that
some of that by extension what I know
about it and where to go a bit is
complicated obviously yeah I don't
disagree I just I think this is like a
really hairy issue and I could see like
really insane like arguments on both
ends do you think for instance do you
think Brokeback Mountain was wrong
because they didn't have gay actors
playing the Cowboys this is a good
question actually um I haven't really
given much thought because that was like
a 2006 film I don't think I was like
anywhere near a book on the kind of
issues back then but it but I guess in
modern context now no I don't a problem
with it yeah I mean so this is kind of
like a similar thing here but then on
the on the flip side also like if you do
a trans people like if they were ever
going to get like a lead role in a movie
this is probably a really good one for
it to come up on and I don't even know
if there are are there I don't even know
if there a list or b-list trans
actors I'm not sure married now so this
would have been like a really good way
to do it but yeah I don't know this man
this is really complicated I think it
yeah I think you should [ __ ] do
whatever you think is right because I
can see it this one going either way
it's a really really powerful
yeah yeah I also clarify to me I see
Megan as well here so something like
replied I did like a six part tweet like
kind of going into on if you want to
like to get on three now just throw it
uh I'm just gonna throw it in your Chad
my Chad this was the initial the initial
six part tweeted me just explaining
trying to better explain the opposition
of Summit stakes I felt like summit
stake here which I didn't tell you that
yet it was was that it's just a [ __ ]
movie and what's the problem here why
can't why can't the really good actress
who's obviously top of what she does
get the role shouldn't the best the one
most qualified and best with the best
resume in presentation not achieve and
score the the job or whatever right the
very very you know very surface level
take there obviously so I was like yeah
I feel like summit stake here is the one
that most are probably gonna take or
conclude with so that's one of the like
help frame what his girlfriend maybe was
talking about cuz he's down he looked he
looked genuinely lost I didn't I what I
didn't go in there to clap anyone it's
one of the kind of come in and like save
me backing I can come in and like
neutralize the situation a little bit
more here now the thing though is that
and there's a part two here where I
reply to all the replies from summit
once I make my my statement there and
the one part of will say I'm pretty
happy with his I I clarified that there
is that there is an issue with over
sensitivity towards a presentation for
example the guy who plays a Walter White
Bryan Bryan Bryan Cranston right yeah he
played a disabled a wheelchair equipped
character and the movie in the game this
year called the upside him and and Kevin
Hart yeah okay yeah you start real
problem in yeah yeah and there was like
those outraged because like you know
they didn't get like a genuinely
disabled person and it's like to me
that's comical because it's like well
one obviously Bryan Cranston's
incredibly talented and clearly you have
been watching his work here he's very
qualified what he can do here too is
that unlike lgbtq who I feel do get
discrimination because we're not there
their existence is not debatably
normalized by proper
in tation in the media I feel like
handicapped people don't get
discriminated against generally I could
be wrong in that but I feel it's not
really the case oh okay yeah there's
like handicap discrimination especially
depending on the type of just the type
of thing if you have can be there's so
much disability that like there's a
whole world that most people don't see
when it comes to like even if it's like
browsing the Internet and in a way that
makes your you know disability not
destroy your ability to do it or
navigating in certain like environments
didn't man there's so much that goes
into that but yes I go ahead nah oh
actually no apparently I'm getting
dumpster right now on on both chats here
so uh mm-hmm I guess in my head I
thought okay like if you're in a
wheelchair no one's gonna know like
people pick on people in wheelchairs
okay so I'm getting out there yeah yes
yeah I would say so
like even things like things that we
take for granted like imagine like how
difficult it would be you know guys
already complain about going on tinder
and [ __ ] imagine trying to date a girl
when you're in a wheelchair imagine
trying to you know imagine trying to
like sort of like with somebody and you
have to open every conversation with or
they see you're like oh by the way I
can't [ __ ] walk right like oh man
dude yeah or more your everyday in terms
of having to go to work the types of
vehicles that you have to buy these like
$20,000 mods you have to get on a van to
go like in and out of a vehicle like
there's so much [ __ ] that goes into
being Indian to having a wheelchair
full-time yeah it's a lot having to call
for special people help you on all
claims like there's a lot of [ __ ]
because it's all of that yeah oh they
have a harder life here but I guess I
was particularly thinking of like I
guess discrimination not hardships would
you what you're describing sounds like
hardships more than discrimination like
I've uh I've never seen again I'm
awesome I'm gonna be on anok little
handy here um but like I've always
helped anyone I felt needed help whether
it be like oh no I can't imagine the
situation where I ever didn't help any
handicap accessible person to if they
ever need help or need really needed
help
oh you mean there's like people like
openly [ __ ] on like yeah yeah like
you're making it seem like I'm I'm
talking about like that yeah
the I don't know what bullying happens
or whatever but like I don't know never
you gotta be like a pretty big dick to
lunch like throw like your your your
juice box on some some some person cuz
they were like handicapped whatever yeah
that's probably true I'm pretty sure
that's true yeah and again particularly
here I was talking about the disabled
when it came to wheelchairs because of a
Bryan Cranston was talking about here I
guess so well before I continue on that
one there like do you just define us a
problem was it a problem that a non
wheelchair person depicted a wheelchair
disabled person um
clarify why he was a mentally disabled
it was purely ablest like like you just
couldn't walk
sound of the proper term if I don't want
to say yes because I feel like you go
down a really weird road if you conceit
that like what Lake should the Joker and
the Batman don't want to be played by
somebody with like a medical
disabilities I don't know that just
feels I'm not sure how I feel but I feel
like actors should be able to play
whatever but I feel like we should also
kind of be like conscientious of like
you know I think that actually I think
these are two separate these are just
two separate views or they're two
separate topics they're not related to
one another like I think that we can
increase the representation that we have
an idea it doesn't necessarily mean that
certain figures have to be cast by other
people like I think it's simultaneous
you okay to say if we should have more
a-list trans actors but that doesn't
mean in every single movie or any movie
with a trans person necessarily should
be played by a trans actor I think I
think maybe that would be the view that
ever try to walk away you know it I
would I was if I can refine my statement
little bit more here I would say that
yeah I'm I'm big-time team diversity
representation if it means less
discrimination against every group that
gets depicted as such like I would like
to see the normalization of trans
persons or or disabled people you know I
mean that way there's that way the
ultimately the discrimination factor
would be as close to zero as possible
by their existence being normalized
rather than like the the outline or
exception sure so I mean that's like
it's like a you know fairyland fairyland
dust-like scenario but you know if we
can get as close to that as possible and
be down for it you know I'm all for you
know team 0% racism or as close to it as
possible
III don't want to I'm not status quo
with the I with the existence of 1%
racism I'd like it to be zero that's
kind of where I'm with a now but again I
would clarify here again if you read the
tweet I don't have a hard stance it's
not like I say you know I don't want
smart you're handsome to actually like
do her thing I just reframe summits
girlfriend's argument that I assumed you
know we have like one sweet saying that
I'm against the the authoritative
whatever like execution of diversity I'm
not saying you know black person here a
gay person here handicapped person here
like I'm not like I'm all for organic
representation with like with better
opportunities altogether here
so but yeah that that's a that's that I
mean there's many tree like a couple of
like things that some of her plot I try
to like you know you're try to equate
like you know the try to equate being
gay with being a firefighter it was kind
of like a kind of a bat tick in my
opinion and at the like kind of um and
that like if you just have the if you
just have the same opportunities like
you or that everyone has the same
opportunities already just that you know
like I don't know why it trans can't get
the job or whatever I don't know water
can't get the top or whatever and it's
like well the opportunities aren't
really there I mean when you got people
in impact institutionalize power like
you know like Harvey Weinstein or any of
the other like me two incidents here
yeah I'm not surprised that a you know
if women alone that are being held all
kinds of unaccountable got a baggage in
order to like get the roles they want to
only imagine the discrimination that
comes elsewhere in other forms
altogether yeah so yeah but I would
encourage you to read that if you get a
chance so so that was that and then oh
actually we we actually we're almost
done yes yeah like 15 minutes left here
beyond that the last thing I had for you
was the word that you put in here was
the Trump racist tweet which I'm sadly
I'm not super in the know about actually
I've been on path it's like already it's
like part for the course I'm not even
like surprised but anymore okay
I don't know it was I mean obviously
it's horrible I think some of the data
that came out was that Republicans just
didn't really give a [ __ ] either so it's
not like it actually hurt or anything
oh yeah you know one thing I did see
dude is a Mitt Romney was a total
[ __ ] [ __ ] dude he wouldn't even admit
it was racist like it was like I got a
good like he was being interviewed about
it and he said like he can't get like a
like a super Kooks interest reply about
it yeah literally ran away from the
reporter whenever they she asked him
like directly is just was it racist he's
like oh well that's all-time my god and
just like you know that's all folks and
then ran away it was like super super
terrible yeah
so yeah but supposedly Trump support
increased after those tweets and what
you're gonna do
supposedly right yeah so I don't know I
don't really have much to say about it
honestly you uh I mean Trump treats I
don't know racist bigoted garbage all
[ __ ] time nothing really new there
yep
so um yeah that's really all there I
didn't get to catch the the
congresswoman's like conference that
happened apparently yesterday so I don't
know how that went either I saw a couple
of tweets back and forth bought the
whole thing here but the I don't just
the idea that uh I guess the us go into
like why why it's problematic I guess
because Trump said that the
congresswoman should go back to country
they're from three of the four that bad
you can assume these targeting here are
actually from United States only Ilhan
Omar is not from USA and I was just this
is incredibly racist um you know get out
of my country you don't like it get out
that's like a great argument apparently
so yeah I'm supposedly uh wait I didn't
actually follow this story buts Pelosi
apparently got removed from Congress for
the day because she actually defended
them in cold Trump races so ok that's
good doing doing some good in the world
but okay yeah I mean so there's that I
mean I know but more we can really go
into further here um I'm gonna prepare
for I'll prepare some Pelosi stuff for
next week to get into this whole thing
here cuz we got I got a lot to add a lot
of pins want to challenge you're about
to come in with some some more heat for
you um what else to start really add I'm
sorry apparently the engagement
resolution we got tabled son oh you know
we can talk about actions this is like
this is news from this morning some big
minutes here apparently the UH over here
knows that apparently Rand Paul shot
down the 911 first responders Medicare
provision bill or what cheer about this
actually wasn't surprised me doesn't me
try to be like a like a libertarian or
whatever yeah yeah no the budget the
budget yeah from New York
Rand Paul block Senate from approving
911 Victim Compensation Fund um what do
you say yeah I'm just like wow dude
really really um Senator Rand Paul and
Wednesday blocked an attempt by
Democrats have passed an extension the
September 11 Victim Compensation Act it
it uh it quote-unquote here it has been
a has been it has long been my feeling
that we need to address our massive debt
in the country and therefore any new
spending should be offset by cut by
cutting spending that's less valuable we
need to at least we need to have we need
to at the very least have this debate
it's like oh so now so right now now
it's about money
right now I don't know that I'm sure
John's gonna be incredibly livid on that
one dude like if not for them 9/11
victims in who dude like
yeah I mean it's actually takes that
first job honey but do like bro how do
you sleep at night man like if not for
them then who do you like if you like
I don't know I mean I get Eevee I'm
pretty confident opposed both wars but
like sure but he probably approved the
tax cuts because it's consistent with
all of the campuses yeah so he'd be in
camp area list but he'd be pro whatever
it cuts taxes cut spending with it well
yeah technically a tax cut is more or
less the same as a spending increase
right oh if you're the tax cut and that
also be a couple blue spending decrease
but it wasn't for the topic is it sad
it's sad and it's either this by the way
it's not like they're dying you know
swiftly and painless no they're they're
dying and very agonizing slow
deteriorated ways lung cancer you know
those those uh the woes of this to steal
that they have to ingest on the on the
on the grounds before it's just a do
yeah they're you know the difficulty
breathing and coughing it's just that
the whole thing is really really bad
dude yeah you look back on the I want to
say when when the when the first sponder
medical treatment Act was initially
drafted and it had like the sunset
clause where it expired when they had
that they like campaign to get it
renewed and Johnson I had to like
embarrass everyone by having them on to
talk about how like you know you say
9/11 never forget but then our heroes
who were there on Ground Zero like no
questions asked safety compromised and
be damned you're not there for them
right now
it's just crazy thing about how many of
them you know died because I did not get
adequate health care between that bill
extension the next one you know that's
pretty unbelievable yeah it's [ __ ]
terrible dude I don't know dude I
haven't read reply this one yet but that
asked me like absolutely livid dude like
yeah that's a that's what I got for you
there what um
if you have nothing else beyond that you
know what do you do today getting on a
bed after this I'll probably go out and
hang out with people for a little bit
but otherwise you're probably sitting
pretty soon okay I mean I would well I'm
probably gonna talk to hutch for a few
minutes after that's okay do you find um
do you find like being out late at night
in Sweden is like different than like a
guy asking a pretty pretty loose
question here he finds like different
than going out at night and USA setting
here though it's really weird for the
past like a week like this not almost
like never [ __ ] sets here so it was
like really [ __ ] my safe up but hmm
so is it is it because of like even have
I got like a really like thick burden to
block sunlight or whatever or just like
or just like flicker yeah but places I
slept seem to have except for there's
one place I was that where I could block
the Sun it was so good yeah how's the
food bin um it sounds like a negative
dude like bad but it's just like the
coolest thing in my Europe is there like
bakeries everywhere so if you ever want
like croissants and [ __ ] like it's like
super [ __ ] awesome but is it true the
portions are like really uh is is the EU
portion thing a real thing like the
where you get like a [ __ ] ton less food
there compared to USA well so the thing
that is most noticeable in Europe is
well first of all there are a lot of
like American style restaurants that
make it here and in those restaurants
you're getting like pretty big portions
also for some food that's been made more
popular across Europe like kebab shops
and kebab places you get like doner
places you get a lot of [ __ ] food the
most notable thing is is on about drinks
like like the cups they give you are
like enough you like you'll be done with
it before you get any food they're very
small and there are no [ __ ] free
refills in here up 200 sucks unless you
like a fast food place but I like
restaurants you often you don't get free
food which is really [ __ ] annoying
also in Sweden which is weird in [ __ ]
Sweden
they don't put ice in their goddamn
[ __ ] drinks sometimes it's really
weird like Alaska like water or like it
like I said or whatever it says no put
ice is really [ __ ] strange to me rube
Sarah baby you know yeah cold beverage
is a man-made construct fam gotta gotta
go naturale you got it yeah squat when
you poop and you gotta have room
temperature drinks I can't wait to I'm
such an uncultured swine I got chat room
right now because I said uh is is like I
said like I generalize like a trend or
trope across the entirety of EU just now
by asking about the portion size so I
was trying to keep it like Sweden chat
listen I would I would ask him like
specific Sweden things or Swedish things
but I'm so I'm such an uncultured no I'm
a [ __ ] to that I have nothing here I
don't ask them I don't know do you do
you do you dip your french fries in
mayonnaise over there like sweets don't
know if I'd ever get those out of the
screening or that is that a whole thing
no [ __ ] idea is the twitchchat pasta
real can you is they're just like you
know soil and fountains everywhere
because of all the ramp it up
soy boys running rampant around there no
that is that's the number one thing I
miss about North America though Oh North
America water phones are the best [ __ ]
thing ever it is so hard to find a
goddamn [ __ ] water phone in any
[ __ ] European country at least not in
anyone's that I've been it in Germany
France Poland where the [ __ ] I am no
sweeter there are no [ __ ] waterfronts
anywhere there it God's so if you need
water in America so we need the water
you are yeah and it's great there's a
water fountain in every bathroom but in
all these European countries you have to
go and like beg sir can I please have
some water sir please I'm gonna give you
some [ __ ] dirty confidence I call
this a chop on the back go get it go get
your lukewarm water [ __ ] Oh mm-hmm
drink your drink your uh your faucet
water you [ __ ] American pleb yeah and
you need to eat so until you know until
adapt and you know let anti Darwinism
kick in here and and and learn EU
hydration preservation techniques
something
dude how's the Metro is the Metro been
really good like uh like how are you
getting around right now are you driving
around are you like who you are you're
like riding trains between countries I'm
sure later like you fine oh we took a
train here but I've got a [ __ ] car oh
yeah oh you happen but you have to have
a car out there oh yeah okay so in the
decides the rotor reversed over over
there right soon to my knowledge the
only place in the world with reversed
roads would be New Zealand the United
Kingdom and Japan I think and Sweden and
Germany and Poland the roads are as you
would expect them ago oh it's another
actually okay I know New Zealand
particularly did by I couldn't recall
them oh and Tony had to I guess yeah
driving in New Zealand was really weird
but driving here is pretty normal I
guess so that people are really [ __ ]
slow but it seems okay people drive
[ __ ] parking dudes here and saying
dude I got two parking tickets like
three days these [ __ ] if you're
late like 20 minutes on the meter I have
never got a parking ticket in LA I
pardon don't ask like it's not like
overnight but it's Sweden dude these
[ __ ] parking ticket cops are on their
[ __ ] balls holy [ __ ] they're like her
oh my god
yeah yeah you're late like 20 minutes
for the meter those [ __ ] are
out there it's the same well I mean I
don't know they're 20 mins you're kind
of pushing it that's that's kind of
risky if it was like 5 to 10 you sure it
guys being that guy when you're 20 dude
like that's a episode of Spongebob dude
you're the whole show ah a host showing
the Spongebob there you kind of late
custom-made in LA if you're supposed to
have a meter plugged it to like [ __ ]
nine o'clock
I'll [ __ ] page so it looks like 6:30
and I'll just leave my kind of like F I
gotta hopefully rolls around time I've
been usually pretty good maybe I'm just
got really lucky in LA so far but mainly
[ __ ] you know on that no I kind of got I
got relatively screwed over when I was
in Ohio I had to go park somewhere and I
didn't read the sign correctly but
apparently it's like it's free parking
on Sunday so I put in like a dollar 50 a
night and I didn't want to risk up my do
I do i I think the sign implies they're
not to pay on Sunday but am I gonna like
risk it and find the hard way let them
Scott the pay so I didn't know what
[ __ ] do I got even know that like
certain parking meters have like
ease off or whatever or like freebie
days though those like new to me at that
point so that you uh-oh I will say the
one exception I'm saying in America is
on college campuses dude if you are late
by a microsecond they have [ __ ]
ninjas I'm pretty sure they feel like
camouflage on the ground it will run out
why I got you [ __ ] that [ __ ] ass
[ __ ] college campuses are literal
[ __ ] Nazis [ __ ] Nazi tear [ __ ] the
Fuhrer must guide that those parking and
forces it's a saint dude oh my god
movies you're saying like parking on a
campus look look the campus parking cops
are like or on your [ __ ] big time what
I'm saying is that if you are being
chased by a [ __ ] rapist and you need
me gonna cop to you as soon as [ __ ]
possible that if you could just drive a
car like slightly under a curve in a
college campus welcome parking of course
we'll be there in 30 seconds or less and
you'll get help that's bet nothing
quickest long boys but response anywhere
in the [ __ ] world is an American
college campus because those ticket
dudes are fight dude I'm like I parked
outside they're like runnin and grab
something of a locker come out and I
don't even know how they wrote the
ticket in time walk me out there's like
my home by VIN number everything's on
the ticket of like dude I was in that
building for 25 seconds oh [ __ ] did you
even do this like Robocop is like [ __ ]
sliding down the street like writing
these tickets unbelievable well I mean
yeah they had that man look look you
don't believe in portal technology but
like there they needed it to be able to
do their job better and then just they
keep its themselves that way you can't
you can't cheat to win and out portal
them whenever they're portaling you know
saying that yes the only side is that on
a lot of college campuses is if you
actually go to where they you have to
pay the ticket if you cry and you're
like oh I didn't know you had to do they
usually just forgive up or at least up
yeah say yeah like if you if you don't
mind doing the emotional the emotional
burden of like giving a [ __ ] enough to
actually like cry and pretend anything
can enable them have the mercy kill then
you probably with it actually however
though because like the idea because
there's other thing right let's say you
get a ticket from like a state trooper
right and it's like the right ticket and
let's say you actually gave them a
legitimate plea over like why you they
shouldn't give you a ticket
but then I've I've heard like stories of
how like the cop will say like well I'm
sorry I already wrote the ticket and so
like if I take a 47 like
that's way different if you're getting a
ticket from an actual cop the people
that work on like college campus is
ready to use those armed police officers
these are this is like these tickets are
written and they're only filed like on
the college campus well if you're
getting a parking ticket like a cop you
probably are going to eat that [ __ ] you
have to you've got to go cry to a judge
at that point done so then
hypothetically like so if you're some
non still gay I understand if you're a
student who has an obligation to abide
by the ecosystem within that university
then yeah you care the ticket or
whatever the second just like you [ __ ]
you over or whatever right but if you're
like if you're really good revenue and
you're a non student I assumed you were
a non student getting a ticket well
folks do you give right if I go back to
you and know the first thing I have to
do is pay off parking tickets I know I
got that [ __ ] like yeah give you all the
way maybe they forward it to collection
so I don't know I have a guy no no my
name but yeah I mean like you won't be
able to graduate or enroll in classes be
of outstanding parking tickets gotcha
gotcha okay
mm-hmm well if you ever want to try like
oh I only say the semen have you ever
played like the logic puzzles where it's
like Sam has like you have like the big
like cross boxes and it'll be like Sam
works at a store that's five miles north
of another store and the next one will
be like Josephine has two brothers and
the next one will be like this guy works
at someplace where he's writing cups and
you've got to like go through and like
logic figure out like which box if it's
that you're not talking about yeah but
what about yeah dude there are some
parking signs in California and I to
this day I don't know like when the [ __ ]
you're allowed to park like there are
some spots and [ __ ] not Hollywood at
La and sure where you go to park and
like you don't be like the sign will say
like parking is like 9 to 12 or likes
like 5 to 7 but then it'll be like
Tuesdays and Thursdays no parking at
this time and I'm like every other
Sunday no parking and then like weekend
so it's like the most confusing photo do
you ascribe I've never seen in my entire
life like it's such a gamble like when I
park it from these things like I try to
like decipher the signs I have no
[ __ ] idea if I'm actually a lot of
Park here right like I understand that
wholeheartedly here I had a friend that
was in a San Clemente it's like 20
whatever 14 or whatever right and the
one time I'm in LA and I rented a car I
completely regretted because it was like
way more hassle to find somewhere to
[ __ ] Park every [ __ ] time and the
street cleaning was happening Wednesday
nights so you could not park on the
street like 9:00 p.m. to 9:00 a.m. and
I'm like all right cool where can I park
then I had to like where I was so I was
so scared because I couldn't tell like
when the [ __ ] ended like weren't worth
no parking zone ended because it was so
uninformative I'm just like okay I'm
just gonna go park like five blocks over
here or I'm good it was like it was just
annoying I I understand like you're that
sign sounds like literally hell on earth
but I've also been their rumps like okay
I wish I song would tell me where I can
and can't park here because I can't tell
this point
yeah just parking in California's
[ __ ] garbage oh so for the Swedish
signs where it says 17 to 7 I think that
means you can park from 5 p.m. to 7 a.m.
but then there's always like another
time
in like parentheses oh no the [ __ ] the
parentheses I mean like on weekends
that's what you could park or some [ __ ]
like I am no [ __ ] India like here you
go oh that's a weekend party yeah holy
[ __ ]
yeah this sign is like super garbage so
wait you actually came across one of
these here is that correct yeah these
things are like fairly common ish maybe
not with this many qualifiers but I just
I ignore everything and the yellow I
don't know if the [ __ ] that [ __ ] is yeah
if I could for the most part like Sweden
I'm pretty attentive like there's like I
don't know what it is but there's like
some part of like Stockholm will you
drive through and they're like there
don't stop signs and there are no lights
anywhere so I'm not actually sure who's
supposed to go so every time I approach
it restrictions kept like slow down and
I look at everyone else and everybody is
kind of like figures it out I don't know
if there's actually it's supposed to be
like a relative weight and any leaf
parts are you just feel like being
blocked by civilians right now all right
my turn to go yeah I'm not sure but do
you find that do you find that
roundabouts are use the fuckload more
out there compared to oh yeah they ran
about everywhere they're really nice
they work really well they even go so
hardcore they ran about some of their
roundabouts here have like have
stoplights in the roundabout it's like
really [ __ ] weird but no it's really
good roundabouts are amazing for traffic
flow over stop signs they're so good
holy [ __ ] her that no I completely agree
I just again I think we can't kind of
repeating a topic from last week here
but just like I having having drove in
Washington DC and I've seen like a
triple a three lane roundabout that's
where things get a little bit crazy
though that's like when you have to like
if you ever do a had to rent any of
those multi Lane around the roundabouts
yeah it's I mean like if you don't have
experience with them I imagine a bit
confusing once you know how it works
like basically I think the way that it
works in a roundabout is like if you're
on the way on the right it means you're
turning right you're getting off
immediately
if you're on the left it usually means
for you you're not usually getting off
on the first right I don't think you're
allowed to but you're getting off like
the second or third so like the traffic
well kind of like works its way outside
you could just like zoom into a
roundabout and then get out without
having to worry about like waiting for
people or like checking right-of-ways I
mean obviously you're always still
looking but like I mean like I think
like once you kind of understand how it
works it's pretty intuitive yeah yeah
sure okay but like in America sticking a
roundabout somewhere it's gonna be
really confusing these people have
experience with them so it's gonna be
really like weird I think yeah the thing
I was most as people are insecure they
end up stopping not yield
it's like he could have went okay well
not gonna go okay what are you waiting
for
yeah so yeah I know what you know what
does yield know I got time for all that
[ __ ] [ __ ] bit yeah all we know is a
[ __ ] floor it run and California stop
floor it and I don't know I guess I
don't know just lack of compassion I
don't I don't know it is road rage like
a I want it I want to type it yeah
that's that's a particularly good
American thing but I know it exists
everywhere but it's what got him it
massive it has to be pretty bad in USA
though rage it is I do we're so selfish
narcissistic selfish self-centered I
don't know like crazy or not but the
drivers in the Midwest seemed way worse
to me than the drivers in LA I actually
think that like the LA traffic
I can [ __ ] moves I like I really like
the two left at a red light [ __ ]
I'm like the people my number one thing
I remember we talked about this last
week or not my number one thing that I
like more about traffic and LA versus
the Midwest is that in LA when you put
on turn signals people respect the [ __ ]
out of that [ __ ] in LA in the Midwest if
you can put on a turn signal you're
basically like saying like put up your
dukes fight [ __ ] let's think
it's gonna good and you throw out what
turn signal in the Midwest whoever is
behind you is [ __ ] Cassady will fight
you like a [ __ ] for that lane
but in LA will you throw matt.taryn
signal I don't know if it's like this
[ __ ] is gonna merge no matter what I
do or not like you can cut it as crazy
[ __ ] you put on a signal people respect
this I really like I don't know I really
like the LA traffic over like the
Midwest [ __ ] it drives me [ __ ] crazy
yeah I hear you man
I at least you get terse and there's a
feel like in Louisiana you don't even
get that [ __ ] it's like dude every every
year it's like yeah they never they
never learn do like this invention
called the turn signal it happened quite
a couple decades ago you want to use at
some point all the [ __ ] time dude oh
my god I can't take off him I'm at a
stop sign and guys approaching me from
from from my left and I you know I could
have went if he had like turn signal to
let me know he's turning right
who doesn't doesn't care at all not even
prop bonus points probably on the phone
while doing so I'm just like no I'm good
you know doesn't matter [ __ ] you
terr signal was they it so yeah yeah
pain time for all that dude busy get my
[ __ ] in my f-350 while you know
[ __ ] flooring it and whipping
doughnuts in the parking lot or whatever
yeah but you know I try you know III
recreationally you know try to drive
well while getting [ __ ] it's just
for the [ __ ] of it I mean [ __ ] if
people can text and drive you know if
you look at text and drive and why can't
I get a beach wall while driving and
still would not be safer so [ __ ] I
don't remember I've told this dream I
don't know what til this day before that
have you ever tried [ __ ] you while
you're driving no no I'm trying Emily it
is it ok well then that that's that's
crazy for you I don't everything about
this chamber net this holy [ __ ] again
everybody well you know you know the
thing will say that for uh for twitchcon
ban ya know you confirmed you're going
to TC yeah of course I have to what the
[ __ ] you you have to yeah this is a good
topic I should actually Ashley should
say so next week actually torch cause I
want to hear I want to hear about the
the pros and cons of like going and you
know doing [ __ ] versus like staying home
and being like you know whatever like
15k Andy because like all the you know
the most of the top 0.1% not gonna be
streaming anyway so something to me let
me hella free views that weekend so well
I mean like I don't know about for
normal people but I mean like I'm like I
live like right [ __ ] there
and I can take this oh that's right yeah
you got the LA privilege [ __ ] you
yes all right well I think I'm tapped
out here man I got a couple topics
before yeah I was already I was already
pretty dry in the first place here so
I'm out of Lube I don't you know I put
it in I done ran out of dick fam so I
got a I got a like I gotta move on to
the next thing
why have we did that so I appreciate you
so much I hope you Mario make you stop
Thank You van no I appreciate the lemon
thanks for the of the raids they've been
they've been very very lovely yeah I
love you
it's the end of 22 or think right yeah
as far as I know yeah this is episode 22
I could be wrong here though but I
no one's ever counting I think we've
been consistently not keeping track of
the number because you asked my asking I
don't think we really know so next
Monday's of 24 I probably in the
Nebraska but I should be able to do that
one too so yeah also my new D&D is
starting tomorrow involve people like
Jenna okay
you telling your try that right and like
yeah everybody no no I was uh I know
view a Mike but for a second I'm like
are you inviting me because it's kind of
a sudden thing and I feel like you
didn't tell me anything about this and I
thought your continue our campaign with
Lily Picchu and they'll just add a lot
of questions real quick if I wasn't oh
yeah your character was supposed to be
ready but I guess you're just not gonna
be at that spot [ __ ] dude okay that's
all good yeah that's whatever usually
black guys left out because you know I
was late and you know you just gotta
really know okay okay JLP chill chill
bro a race thing i know i mean i mean i
serve ratchet I'm sorry I'm sorry so
with gin genuine genuine racial problems
when I was gonna typecast like as me
being oversensitive right now wow great
great job great job American well you
know when your definition of genuine
racial problems is not getting invited
to a D&D campaign I think that sums up
the progressive movement perfectly
thanks Triax you ever see the mental
starring I have from the from the dis
occlusion of the fact that you won't let
me in being part of the thing like what
sprite if you have any mental scarring
you just wear that brain I'll have you
know how [ __ ] triggered I get
whenever like all the subconscious
depictions of medieval creatures are all
obviously white whenever I see it and I
ask people you know what does it elf
look like and the elf is like some some
[ __ ] hot big titty blonde chick who's
white and not some dark-skinned like
golden haired US or a gray haired waifu
yeah I'm [ __ ] triggered bro you got a
problem with that we're all the black
people or the Rings huh-huh danceny
tried to do anime in the past and
everybody just complain good black done
later
was it there was some shoe that was
gonna be released if somebody said that
they did like Cameron accepted the flag
is probably better idea
people are like Madison
