yo is that you yeah yeah what somebody
oh wait that X is you I thought that was
a troll wait some people worried I
thought people are trolling me when they
said they wanted you to talk but you
actually do want to talk oh no [ __ ]
everybody my chat is saying that you
wanted to talk to me is this just people
being [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean I kind of
do want to talk out over here why not I
mean but yeah people think to be an
option a few five months ago and it was
like literally a minute of nothing in a
way mm-hmm and then I was like okay like
someone just told me pretty much but uh
yeah it's all good so wait how you been
doing all right I've been doing okay
nobody I'm doing good but yeah I was
just watching some odd sauce of these
plugs really could be and I'm just like
reacting to them and then they think
that I'm starting some sort of drama
when I'm just talking about [ __ ] it's
actually very frustrating what do you do
what are you doing you're like painted a
certain way you know and you can't see
like I just stay my little cubby you
play for tonight forever is that like
what have to do I mean kind of I think
the problem is that if you ever like
give into it like all they want is to
get a reaction out of you right like
that's the goal yeah and then if you
react yeah I mean it's really shitty I
would just Instagram people let's do it
I get hit by linking clips like trying
to get you to [ __ ] talk people I would
just ban them I actually like it they're
trying to get you to do it yeah they're
trying to bait me into she talking yeah
when people do that [ __ ] imagine I just
ban people yeah yeah are you baiting me
but like I was talking about some like
some pretty true [ __ ] I guess I think
you would agree with all the saying but
honestly I don't think it matters the
other thing like I really don't think
that twitch gives a [ __ ] about like the
truth I think it's all about just like
entertainment you know I mean so I don't
know I don't know why I keep like giving
a [ __ ] about like what you know I think
I just give a [ __ ] about the wrong
things like I think I just need to just
be as entertaining as I possibly can and
it's like stop caring about what
everyone thinks and [ __ ] you know I mean
yeah I mean if you can that's really
[ __ ] hard to do but yeah well it's
not that hard to do you just have to
like dude I scream for night with like
no chat I just didn't open my chat the
whole stream and I had a great stream so
it's like like it sucks I have to do
that but it's just like that's kind of
where I'm at you know I would say like
your ultimate goal is to eventually be
able to interact with chat because
that's probably a good thing and just
try to band the people that are trolling
in there you can
yeah cuz I'm sure like you do have fans
it like you that I'm just trying to like
get you to like troll or whatever you
know yeah yeah no I definitely I
definitely understand that I just I'm
looking for like the people I'm looking
for the people that like I'm looking I
guess I'm trying to change how people
view me but that's like impossible no
it's not it just makes a long time you
can do it I mean look at what's going on
with doctor disrespect like people are
starting to get a more favorable view of
him and I didn't even think that was
ever gonna happen wait what do you mean
what happened
well cuz of the whole like wife Omega
Lowell that show that show yeah yeah
wait but why are they looking at him in
a different way now as time goes on he
hasn't been reacting to it as much and
he's just like get my posting clips
about other [ __ ] I wonder if that [ __ ]
gets to him yeah I'm sure it gets to
everybody and [ __ ] is annoying as [ __ ]
I'm sure yeah well yeah there's people
just harassing him constantly about it
yeah that definitely sucks but no there
was I was watching reckful and execute
podcast and they were talking about like
the whole leaching situation I I guess I
kind of want like your aspect on that
like have you have you ever been like I
guess like clinical leached off of or
network or whatever the [ __ ] you want to
call it yeah it's possible I would
caution against anything that xqc a guy
says I don't know much about him I don't
like he just doesn't seem very
intelligent to me that's just my I don't
know much about him but that's just I
would say for in terms of like leaching
I guess like the way that I view it is
like if I hang out with people I do it
because I enjoy their presence and often
times me enjoying their presence will
boost my own stream so for instance if
I'm playing with a friend and I get
along really well with that friend
people are not only enjoying watching
you know me and the friend but they
watch me more because they like the way
that I interact with them right yeah
yeah for sure yeah I know all about that
yeah invariably every single thing you
do because we're streamers everything we
do is marketing right whether you admit
it or not so if I do a charity stream to
some extent that's marketing people are
gonna watch me more because I think I'm
a good person or whatever like that [ __ ]
is all part of the game yeah that's what
I hate destiny I hate it so much man
like people do these nice things but
they're only doing it so they've looked
nice like that's what I actually [ __ ]
hate so much man like I I can smell it
on people man like I really watch this
[ __ ] I'll be like okay like but I know
the underlying reason of it you don't I
mean yeah but like this like why does it
matter because it bothers me like I
don't know why
because it's like I know the truth but
like they're trying to push a different
narrative that is like it's like just to
make themselves look better or whatever
you know I mean and it's like the most
triggering thing to me like I just can't
explain like I don't even know why
stream anymore man like I'm not built
for this industry like I'm I say
whatever's on my mind I am I literally
have like a sense of this book like you
know I mean like but I'm like real like
and I'm not saying that's like stroke my
own dick but like I say what's when I
believe you know I don't sit there and
placate [ __ ] so to get more viewers or
like do any of that [ __ ] you know I mean
yeah the thing is that like you can do
both like I did you both for a long time
let me just have regrets this specific
thing okay this is really hard to
understand but like I think that people
are very obsessed with sincerity and
when we're doing entertainment we don't
necessarily have to be sincere
so I'm sincere because that's part of my
brand but like there let's say that you
have somebody that wants to do charities
but like secretly like they're kind of
an [ __ ] who cares why does it matter
like let's say that you raise like a
hundred thousand dollars to feed kids in
Africa or some [ __ ] do you think that
like if you wouldn't take a flight over
to Sudan and tell one of the kids like
hey the guy that raised the money for
you to do this he actually wanted
because he wanted to look better like do
you think they actually care or like I
don't think I'm looking into like a
deepness and [ __ ] maybe I should just
stop looking deep and look at the
surface of things but what do you mean
what do you mean by deepness though not
like I see everything dude like it's a
curse man like especially with twitch I
know exactly why this person saying that
I know exactly why this person is doing
that I know exactly what I know
everything like I just see it I see it
yeah but I mean I don't think the curse
is looking too deep I think your curse
is that you're very judgmental and I
think that I don't think it serves
anything yeah that's that could be true
that could be very true so you're saying
I'm judging but what if my judgment is
correct okay so like let's say that I do
a charity okay so let's say you secretly
know me okay and then let's say that I
do charity but in real life I'm like
kind of an [ __ ] like why does that
matter what does that have to do with
anything because it's not your that's
not you wouldn't do that unless people
were watching you do it sure but that's
part of my job but like why does it
matter like let's say that I'm gonna do
a charity and I know the only reason I'm
doing it is because I want to get more
viewers doing it like I know that if I
do this charity any more viewers doing
it well then I would say that you're not
a genuine person and that's that's what
I I don't respect that that's that's
like where I
that's what I would say yeah but they
don't know I'm trying to get to the meat
of this like why does that matter
like who cares like why does it I guess
it matters because you're indirectly
lying to everybody that's why I'm addict
lying how you're being disingenuous your
self you're not being you're just you
keep going back to this being genuine
like it's some like inherently good
thing like I don't like when I know
somebody's actual personality and actual
core and then they play this completely
opposite card on Twitch that's why I
hate theirs but in the thing is that
like you've made this judgment that
twitch is where you go to show people
your true personality but I don't I
think I I got that off of I guess
reckful man like he made me feel
terrible for having a persona do you
understand like there are people that do
that but I don't but it doesn't matter I
mean if you want to do that like why not
that's what that was like reckless whole
thing and that's why I respected him for
it because I always felt like he was
super real and super smart [ __ ] right
but like I I don't know like I just I
try to understand or I tried to like
change and be better but all that's
happened is I've hurt my stream you know
what I mean oh yeah oh no okay this is
something you really have to understand
okay
being genuine one stream is not
necessarily better than being fake blood
stream these are why why why explain
explain explain why why what do you
think about that Shelly I'm not blaming
I'm saying he put it in my face that I
was being quote-unquote fake and I tried
to change that that's all I'm saying
that wreck reckful made it blatantly
obvious to me and everyone else what was
going on i guess and minh mang have to
or want to change to be more real okay
because he thinks being real is
important but so this is what I would
ask you okay let's say you got some guy
and he gets like 2,000 viewers and let's
say he was like okay well you know if I
changed the way that I act on stream I
get like four thousand viewers why would
you say don't do that why would you say
no oh
see I could change the way I'm acting
right now and get more viewers I could
do it right now destiny is that worth
doing what's up to you is it I don't
know that's the thing I don't know
what's worth to me like here's what I
know I want people to stop thinking that
like I am dissing genuine or like a bad
person or a bad friend or some shakers
those are all false all false I mean
okay again okay this is you have
something you have to fit you have to
solve this in your head okay you can't
like move passes being disingenuous on
stream is not an intrinsically bad thing
you have in your head you have this on
like a good to bad radar or like it like
a spectrum
we're like the faker you are the worst
you are and the more genuine you are the
better you are but that's not like
intrinsic true like that's not
necessarily true like if you go on
stream and you let's say that you
totally [ __ ] change you're up like
let's say that you're super boring
you're super monotonous you're just like
whatever and then you wanna stream your
basic like an actor and you put on like
a show for your people as you stream
like why does that matter who cares yeah
but what do you try this is what it
matters when you use that act to portray
and narrative against other people
that's when it matters well but no I
disagree if you're portraying and
narrative against other people like
bullying people it doesn't matter if
you're being genuine or not genuine the
fact that you're doing here the monitor
using up Assad to [ __ ] on people that's
[ __ ] up don't you think what would it
be better if they were genuine and
[ __ ] on people yes yes because at
least then it's it's coming from coming
at you from a real point of view it's
not it's not some act where you're just
throwing shade at other streamers you
know I mean like that's what I'm saying
like I mean it really look how easy is
it how easy is it to speak from an act
how easy is that you don't even have to
take responsibility for what you say you
just go up I was in character or up I
was acting you know it's not true you
can still call people out for for
bullying like that people called out the
doc hardcore when he threatened to Doc's
that one kid even though he's
quote-unquote a character people were
hardly hardcore calling him out for that
way so hehe so doc doc used to bully
people in his like persona well doc went
a little bit too far and some guy that
was streaming raised some shouldn't he
was talking about how he has like his
darks and he's gonna go after him or
something yeah well that's a little bit
too much wait so wait what do you know
why he said that he was probably inside
I think he was really [ __ ] mad I
don't think I was like an in character
thing I he was just really mad but I'm
just saying that like if somebody like
puts like if somebody's attacking
somebody else that's a totally separate
issue whether or not they're being with
their in character out of character that
doesn't matter if somebody's like
genuinely attacking you it shouldn't
matter if their big fake or not it's
just a bad thing to do haha yeah no I
feel you
I just for some reason I care so much
about like this real and fake [ __ ] like
maybe I should just stop giving a [ __ ]
but it's just like it sucks when like
like I actually feel pretty left out
right now I'm not gonna lie like I feel
I don't know I feel like I got kind of
like left out or like I people like what
me gone like my friends won't be gone
like or something like they want me like
if basically was saying is if I fell off
I think I think the people that I used
to be political friends with would just
like be happy about that
yeah I mean like that's that's what I
think well like who do you who do you
mean when you say that just the people
I'd show with in Texas and [ __ ] like I
don't know like I don't even throw names
out there I'm just saying like okay so
I'll throw names based on what I've seen
so like based on what I know about you
reckful might not care because I don't
think you guys are friends anymore okay
but I feel like um like Greek god and
chance I feel like those guys wouldn't I
don't I don't think those guys want you
to fail I don't think they do either
it's a Greek is a wild card for me I
don't I don't understand what he's what
he is about you know I have a trouble
reading him I guess
I think Greek is like a pretty chill
dude he's like a little bit autistic but
I think he's pretty chill but I don't
think I don't think him or chance would
like be super happy if you fell off they
seem pretty chill now train wrecks
probably would but it's because you guys
have like a massive [ __ ] falling out
right yeah but it's like it's just it's
not about train wrecks it's more about
look at look okay look okay look at it
like this okay imagine you're in high
school right okay imagine in high school
okay and imagine you've been imagine
you've been shown with the same dudes
for five years right okay you didn't
show what the same you have a crew it's
you Jimmy Timmy you know Captain Falcon
and dick boy all right you're all
chillin hard okay and then imagine I
bring in another contender into the
group and and then everyone's a world
chillin we're having a good time right
and then imagine I have a falling out
with the person that I had an issue with
and then all of a sudden all my friends
are chillin with dick boys of me you
know I mean like imagine that that's
what we say Amanda you didn't get
invited to those IRL streams that was
about walk oh I'm in Maryland man I
can't be anot mad about that I'm saying
this okay I feel like I was bullied out
of my own friend group and I feel like
because there was a public narrative
against me my own friends use that to
gain viewers that's what I believe and I
think that's [ __ ] up well I mean a
minor but [ __ ]
I would use it the game beer is why not
why why would you do if you respect me
why would you do it because I would
never do that
I wouldn't that's great if I wanted but
you're only handicapping yourself when
you never do that I would listen listen
listen okay when you do when you're
self-employed okay you're a part of the
business world all right you have to
take what you can get because everybody
else is going after it now at the end of
the day you might like that because this
is the way of the world my dude you
might have like your own personal like
morals or whatever or whatever you feel
is important but if other people don't
agree with you on that which most people
don't you're always gonna fall short as
a result now I'm not saying that like
you should go out and literally trash
your [ __ ] friends and [ __ ] but I'm
just saying you've got to be prepared
for people to act in the ways that
interest them the most right yeah but
then while I live in my face and never
mind what is it yes I mean like if I'm
gonna assume that you're talking about
like the whole train wreck [ __ ] and
everything like I feel like I don't
think I'm not like me and him talk last
night right we actually were pretty
chill we were very very very very chill
and meaning more good like right now
we're fine but and well basically the
whole point of the thing was I just want
him to admit to me man-to-man behind the
scenes that he did use me I want him to
admit that to me and he refuses to admit
that he keeps beating around the bush
saying how it was a team and all this
little [ __ ] when it's like I just wanted
to be honest with me about what happened
you know I mean why is all I want okay
so if you guys don't a grand that you're
just always gonna be separated from that
whole group of people no that's it
that's the thing it's like a now I have
I'm like building this like vendetta
against like that group of people
because I believe that they're being
disingenuous to me so like that would be
like what if he genuinely believes that
he's correct then what do you guys do
well the thing is this is what this is
what I think I think that he does
believe doing sayings correct but he
also is just trying to play his cards
right for twitch that's why I think so
like that's where it bothers me you know
I mean it's like when someone's like you
know pretty much just playing cards for
twitch when I just want realness from
from from them that's all I want they
can tell me off stream on stream I don't
care I just want all I wants realness I
want them to tell I want people to tell
me how they feel about me and the
situation and then I'll move on it's
whatever like I swear to god I don't
