because you are not religious that also
helps you be a racist more I'm like I'm
really disappointed in you as a human
being dog what you can't just say what
I'm walking a racist through it step by
step so you don't get that your spin out
of it I'm sorry are you being real and I
can't I honestly can't tell if you're
trolling or not buddy buddy now you're
trying to be nice
now that you've gotten exposed yeah you
are you drilling are you real yeah I get
he's not as big as you get 130k
followers though and he's gonna post out
when you do racist [ __ ] don't try to
like Strom in this too we're not pulled
it aside like oh this is what most
racist people do they just spin it out
and put it to something else what do you
think can I can I look it in your
chatter are you gonna just ban me for
that oh well I guess you can go ahead
and link it dude I won't I don't want to
cover up the truth or anything do you
really think black people are more dumb
just because they're black that's what
you said in the clip you said it did I
say that black people had them because
they're black oh but it's not playing
for me either [ __ ] did you delete
their are you found out that someone
called you out someone who's a big
streamer and then now you go ahead and
delete and then you act like oh it's not
playing like and that you think this is
funny somehow and then you accused I'm
sorry are you being real and I can't I
honestly can't tell if you're trolling
or not now you push it off first it
what's your view water and then now do
you say it's because your trolling this
is ridiculous like I just want you to
tell me you're being sincere right yes
what okay do you understand what the
conversation was about so you're not
exposing me okay my statement was
something along the line of black people
in the United States tend to be dumber
than white people do you hear yourself
can you you say and you stand by that
statement yes oh my can you tell me why
can't black people then get IDs for
things like voter ID laws why do black
people go to jail more than they go to
college I don't tell me what I mean you
don't agree that stuff those are factual
statement no no I'm not saying those
aren't factual I'm just saying I think
it's a ridiculous that that stuff
happens why does it happen people have
been oppressed by okay and as a result
of their oppression they are oppressed
what do you mean I'm they are there what
do you think they're worse than us
because of that worse in what way less
educated yes less intelligent sometimes
about certain issues yes now the whole
point of the [ __ ] thing it wasn't a
racist state when you [ __ ] the
conversation was about voter ID laws
how voter ID laws are discriminatory and
the guy tries to do a getcha where he
says oh so you think black people have a
harder time getting IDs because they're
dumber whatever well in a lot of cases
yeah black people do have a harder time
getting ideas because they don't know
the same ways to get them in general how
that less access to education and less
access to other things together okay
okay so you agree with that what I just
said that black people have less access
to education right do you agree with
that you're the one who thinks black
people aren't even smart enough to go to
school why never I said that dogs just
what if black people were able to go to
school as well as white people could
they probably be doing a whole lot
better in the United States in the art
right now if you take one clip out of
[ __ ] context and you try to say that
I'm a racist dude are you serious about
you two so don't try to do my entire
[ __ ] audience go to my YouTube makes
fun of me for being a [ __ ] social
justice while you're live duck I
literally debated funky sargon of akkad
where I'm sitting you're trying to
defend minority rights and explain why
there's so [ __ ] the United States and
you're telling me that I'm a racist you
even said it yourself you admit it to
the fact that you said that black people
were dumber it's yes because they have
less access to education and tend to be
socioeconomically unprivileged compared
to white people it's a factual statement
racist and you're just do you hear
yourself right now like you have an
audience you're people that you're
influenced I what if I said do you
disagree with well many things like what
name one one thing don't many things me
name one thing you see yourself and you
said in the clip and for some reason now
it's just not playing because you decide
to take it down you shouldn't take
people's YouTube videos airing Twitter
videos down Doug you said that you think
black people are I wish I had the exact
words but you think black people were
dumb they're dumber than us or something
group overall as group of white people
they're dumber than white people and
then you come on here and you block it
off by saying oh he's he's a he's a
viewbot he's this and then use no can I
get in here dude you're like you're so
wrong it actually hurts and you don't
even see it you're honestly it's
absolutely insane you have this like
level of just blindness to yourself I'm
like I'm really disappointed in you as a
human being Doug what you can't just say
what do you know what the other guy was
arguing that I was arguing against sorry
I don't watch all of your racist rants
constantly and know everything about
your background but okay the other guy
was arguing in favor of voter ID laws we
can talk about North Carolina that has
voter ID laws that very specifically
target minorities to prevent them from
voting are you in favor of those murder
ID laws maybe if
you voted then people like you wouldn't
have influence to have a idiotic
president listen everything you hain't
is insane you've got to calm down did I
get it that maybe he was arguing the
dumb point too but like I can have bad
views but not be a racist you can have
good use and you can be erases do you
see like boom right there I you know
what I did actually hold on because I
made myself a play 17 resolution listen
who she should be more racist listen no
my resolution was to understand people's
feelings okay and I said I was not gonna
I know the whole problem if I would have
used the word less-educated
instead of dumber would you be happy
wait so you think black people are
dumber okay I think that's where we're
getting hung up on okay I don't think
the black people are dumber semantics to
hide the fine no I'm not you but you're
a racist so that doesn't matter anyway
like it's I'm sorry that I'm picking
apart your argument exposing you right
now right so the law was pretty racist
what the Supreme Court decided right
okay okay so my argument was that these
types of voter ID laws are racially
motivated and all they do is serve to
disenfranchise black voters and then the
other guy said so what are you saying
that black people you know aren't smart
enough to go and get these types of IDs
or yeah yeah you're not always gonna be
smart enough to know where to go to get
these certain types of I see that's
ridiculous you said that because if
you're working [ __ ] two or three jobs
you don't always have the opportunity to
go and learn like where do what where is
my [ __ ] counter treasure where's my
cunning look you don't know the white
guy was working two or three jobs he
could do it no problem no we wouldn't be
able to but historically in the United
States and statistically black people
are more likely to belong to these
socio-economic groups that are harmed by
these policies and white people are
right then we don't disagree on anything
then you're taking one word that I said
in a 30-second clip and you're acting
like I'm racist because they're
oppressed by people like you they're
present I don't impress anybody dog what
are you talking about
by people like you who think that just
because they are black they they can't
go out and they can't give different
forms of registration it has nothing to
do with being black and it has to do
with being socioeconomically [ __ ] oh yes
poor people in general are dumber than
the more educated wealthy people that's
lewd I can't even make an analogy to how
dumb that sounds that's saying that poor
people are dumber than rich people what
how let's say there's two people one of
them is very rich in one of them is bear
and they both have kids so the rich kid
and then the poor kid they're still both
just too smart though right when they're
born right right one are they just as
smart is the poor kid gonna get to go to
the same type of universities the rich
kid everybody knows I'm just explaining
I'm walking a racist through it step by
step so you don't get to just spin out
of it and then just say oh no this that
so we agree that when that right when
they're both born they're both just as
smart as each other
right like with a little bit of genetic
variance but yeah sure yeah for the most
part yeah so then when they go to school
like kindergarten preschool there's
still just a smart but like depending on
the type of schooling that they can one
could have like better advantage to the
other one right yes and then you
continue that on through middle school
high school college and everything and
all it is is that the education has made
them smarter but their face level of
intellect is still just games but we're
not talking about their base level of
intellect you just said it the education
makes them smarter so you agree with me
yes the education makes people smarter
privilege is literally what is keeping
down minorities in this world and
letting white people just Roque and what
is one way that you can express your
privilege sex like just the male
hierarchy just holding down do you
understand what I'm trying to say I'm
getting really heated I know what you're
saying you repeat [ __ ] that I say all
the [ __ ] time literally word for word
dawg I hate you you know how much I hate
you oh of course you hate me because I'm
a champion for people no I hate you
because we're on the same page and
you're playing a semantics game so you
make people like me look like idiots
you're literally repeating [ __ ] that
I've said on my stream word for word
dawg
we agree on those okay so that's what
I'm trying to ask you okay but if we
agree on those then we don't disagree on
anything you're just upset that the word
that of the implications do you think
that a high school dropout will be as
intelligent as somebody that graduates
from Harvard or Oxford or some [ __ ] like
they both have the same if they both
have the same opportunities I think they
don't have the same opportunities dude
why is that because one went to Harvard
in one dropped out of high school okay
I'm gonna walk you through this as
simply as I can please try not to get
distracted okay are you ready yeah okay
see I'm Wilson you're you're on the
other hand you're just toning out your
racism but go ahead okay do you think
that a high school dropout is going to
be as intelligent as somebody that
graduated from Harvard yes no no so no
it's not no no no no don't go into
tangent that's a yes or no question
okay at that current moment the Harvard
guy will be smarter okay so then what do
we disagree on you just said what I said
when you say that poor people are dumber
than rich people okay who is more likely
to graduate from Harvard somebody that
grows up in poverty or somebody that
grows up in wealth initially saying that
the tide is swinging back into the favor
of okay then you don't believe in
privilege anymore then you just said it
you just said that just as many poor
people go as rich people you don't
believe in privilege then declare power
privilege definitely exists why you just
said that just as many people you made a
factually incorrect statement you said
that just as many poor people have
higher educational opportunities as
wealthy people which is absolutely not
true I'm saying more poor people but
that's not my question what I'm saying
is that if you are born wealthy you
probably have more access to higher
education than somebody born in poverty
yeah no I agree with that I agree with
that I don't I don't think it
intrinsically somehow makes you dumber
I've never said that why do you keep
going off there are you racist
listen Elise I'm sorry stop I have never
said that anybody is intrinsically
smarter or dumber than anyone else then
I've never made these statements I don't
know why you keep making them where
where is the disconnect dog I agree I'm
saying okay then what do we disagree on
I just think you're trying to spin
around my words and what am I trying to
spin you're the one trying to spin what
I'm saying just keep saying that I'm
doing what you're guilty of doing oh do
you disagree that privilege makes you
smarter I don't think quote-unquote
privilege makes you smarter but I think
the privilege gives you access to things
that make you smarter yes like education
I'm sorry that I don't share your views
of just like rampage aground and
murdering everyone who you don't agree
with and if we did we'd have much less
minorities but like Tory's not a way to
solve if you ever heard the phrase you
catch more flies with honey than vinegar
yes mister calling people dumb I am and
I call them as I see him you yell down
at me and call me dumb and say you hate
me and then you say you catch more
flight like do you see how ridiculous I
know that you're right you know what
you're actually right it this is why I
said it beginning of the year that I was
gonna beat you guys other people like
what you do and you already broke it you
said you hate me are you kidding me I
know you're right you're 100% right I'm
sorry let me back up okay I don't hate
you okay maybe I do your racism but I
have hope for you and I'll pray for
y'all way to go tonight
I'm RELIGIOUS dog it's not gonna okay
let me what what did you just use not
just make awful statements and then you
just go on what did you do what I said
I'm not religious oh I know I get that I
thought you said it wasn't gonna help
well I don't know if it'll help me if
I'm not religious cuz I think I go to
hell anyway but because you are not
religious that also helps you be a
racist you know that the evangelicals
voted for Trump right you know that like
Christians in America for the most part
come out Satan pulled the wool over
their eyes and made them vote a certain
way that doesn't mean the religious
people don't make mistakes I have a
realistic view about religion
you know we can't bring people down to
the level when they're so high up that
they don't understand because if you
talk about bringing them down they're
not gonna want to do it they're not
gonna want to give up right nobody so
instead of bringing them down the goal
should be well how do we get more
funding to these other schools right
call it what you want and do it through
whatever method of means you want it's
going to inevitably derive from taking
money or reallocating it in some form or
some fashion from these yeah sure I
don't necessarily disagree with that but
at that point while you are taxing them
a little bit harder and you're taking a
little bit more money from them right at
that point the goal though is to bring
up the schools that are [ __ ] and to
make them better off not take the
schools that are working well and to
make them a little bit worse off you're
not bringing anybody down you're just
taxing them a little bit harder when I
say bringing them down I don't literally
mean like holding them down and just you
know okay but but earlier when you
phrase things like taking somebody from
100 to 50 or holding people accountable
or bringing them down to a fair level
right I think that these are words that
toxify the conversation sorry for using
certain words that you know and you the
same way you're sorry for using
different words at the beginning of your
clip all right so we're on the same page
you okay you don't think I'm like a
screaming racist right the reason why oh
that's kind of fit open off is that what
I'm just saying I'm saying your idea me
being racist was literally like two
30-second clips out of like a two-hour
conversation those two 30-second clips
did not make you look good okay the
reason why I was laughing so much
shouldn't be any I kept asking if you
were trolling is because I'm quite
left-leaning in the gaming community in
terms of my views on social issues I
don't really hate you though okay so you
wanted to clarify and make sure people
just aren't coming in here and you know
mislabelling use a racist or like just
trolling the entire argument yeah
because I would be ridiculous if someone
was just
sorry I had this for you wait are you
trolling me yes this is all [ __ ]
I've watched a channel for a long I
don't even know if I believe you did
[Music]
pursue charges against him that he had
molested the girl
