how is Shapiro not full of [ __ ] here no
gender is not disconnected from sex so
okay no it is not in the mind okay
you're not a man if you think you're a
man and I didn't say pretending or if I
did I shouldn't have said pretending let
me amend right okay I said a boy who
thinks he's a girl let's see the usual
phraseology I use not playing I usually
say a boy who thinks he's a growler grow
that thinks is a boy which is
technically what we're talking about
here as far as the actual psychological
issues at play it used to be called
gender dysphoria or gender identity
disorder another college gender
dysphoria the idea that that sex or
gender are malleable is not true okay
and I'm not denying your humanity if you
are a transgender person I am saying let
me make sure that we're not getting
anything correct so gender dysphoria
okay he's wrong on this I'm gonna this
is gonna be painful to watch isn't it so
transgenderism or being the state of
being a transgender was never referred
to as gender dysphoria gender dysphoria
specifically refers to the emotional
distress you feel when there is a
mismatch between your body and what you
think and you are in your mind that is
gender dysphoria so if a man believes
that he's a woman but he's like whatever
well I have a dick this sucks
whatever right you wouldn't call that
gender dysphoria it's when a person
suffers severe emotional distress when
they're like I can't live I'm depressed
I have severe problems I'm experiencing
anxiety because what I see in the mirror
is not what I feel I should be that is
gender dysphoria okay being trans and
the state of experiencing gender
dysphoria are not one in the same these
are two different things this is really
really basic this is really basic stuff
I don't know why ship era would ever
talk about trans issues if he doesn't
know this incredibly basic concept I
don't know should I listen all this
before starting to talking on this most
people will make this
sanctioned between gender and sex sex is
probably a thing where like you have an
ex white pair of chromosomes or you have
an X X you have certain organs such as a
uterus a vagina a penis that make you
belong to a certain sex these are things
that there is a there is biological
truth to this right necessarily because
it's how we come together reproduce
genetic mutation kids evolution all that
great [ __ ] comes about as a result of
sex in most creatures there are some a
sect or not asexual creatures there are
some hermaphrodite II hammer
hermaphroditic I don't know they're for
the most feathers how it works right I
know that one person is gonna say well
what about that one creature that can
reproduce that way okay the idea of
gender gender is a much more difficult
thing to narrow down and this is what
most of the debate is about is over the
idea of gender and gender expression I
kind of tweeted about this earlier today
the thing about gender is um is that
it's really hard to say like if I were
to get here here so that here's the game
that we could play okay well let's
pretend that you and me are having a
debate you I'm talking to you let's
pretend that you and me are having a
debate okay I say gender is pretty
arbitrary you're our idea of gender is
pretty arbitrary and you go well that's
ridiculous it's not arbitrary at all
it's actually we understand with your
nose and then I go okay well can you get
up so my argument is gender gender is
more like on it on a kind of a continuum
than like a hard line like male versus
female when we're talking about the
experience of being like a particular
gender right and then you go no that's
absurd actually men and women there are
hard lines okay and then I would say to
you okay well without talking about
their sex organs can you give me the
difference between a man and a woman can
you give me some set of features that
you can ascribe to manliness and then
some set of features that you can
ascribe to femme females or whatever
right that are like exclusive features
okay and then you would think for a
minute and you would go okay what are
some of the fundamental I mean I'm gonna
crush him here what are some of the
fundamental differences remember I know
there are differences okay well here's
one Steven
skeletal structure and muscle density
okay men are larger than women men tend
to be larger than women and men are
stronger than women that's just a
biological fact okay and then there we
go sure that's true in general men tend
to be stronger than women have thicker
bones larger skeletal systems than than
women that is very true however can you
not find women that are stronger and
larger than some men who are smaller and
weaker right and of course you would go
oh sure yeah I guess that's true and
then I would say okay well then would
you consider those men to be women or
would you consider the weakest men to be
women or would you consider the
strongest women to be men and then you
would go well no I guess not
so then I would ask again okay so then
what is what is it that makes a man a
man or a woman or a woman a woman right
so after that right we could go back and
forth on things that we generally
believed to be masculine versus feminine
but the issue we're going to run into is
that for every trait you give me that is
masculine I can find a decent number of
women that probably ascribed to it
shaving your legs that's a cultural
thing being strong or fast there are
athletic women you know like there there
are things that a lot of women a decent
number of women will fall under and
there are things at eighty seminar what
a decent number of men are will followed
it right so at the end of the day are
our exact definition of like what is the
gender of man versus what is the gender
of woman is a little bit arbitrary and
kind of mushy there is no like hard line
you can draw between one or the other
without going into like sex organs you
know that's um so that's kind of the
problem if you want to approach like if
you want autism abuse I don't care I
don't know why you've licked me this
thread like a million times the random
people are talking about likes me files
I don't care I don't know why how many
times have you messaged me about this
thread I do you want drama or what I
don't understand why you've messaged
you've put this in chat like 15 times
yeah anyway so that's what we that's
what we typically talk about but when
we're talking about gender and the
difficulty in saying like what is a man
versus what is a woman so now some
people in chat are saying this is stupid
you literally said ignoring their sex
organs when their sex organs are the
crux of
their arguments but are they do you feel
comfortable
so maybe I'm appealing a little bit to
emotion here but we can explore this we
can explore why I know you're going to
answer the way you are
would you oh my god I just want mr.
Blair if I were to show you a video of
somebody like this would you feel
comfortable going oh this is definitely
a missed video when I go into the male
restroom I want to see this person in
this restroom if I'm you know if I'm in
a male area I want to see this person in
the male area like I 100% agree in feel
this way right when you look at these
types of people right do you really feel
like the answer is oh yeah for sure well
no because that's not really true when
you talk about what a man or a woman is
you're not really talking about sex
organs at all because we know women that
have smaller breasts right so it's not
immediately apparent that they've got
huge knockers as soon as you see them
and you very very very rarely do you
identify somebody as a certain gender
based on their sex organ in fact I would
say a fraction of a fraction of a time
because when you meet somebody publicly
you don't know what type of sex organ
they have but you're oftentimes making a
judgement of is it a man or a woman
based on some other set of
characteristics and all I'm saying is
that that other set of characteristics
is somewhat arbitrary right
maybe you point to rugged faces Matt you
know facial hair shaving legs but these
are all cultural things Asian people
don't have very much facial hair right
if you go to South Korea or all of them
and they're women to you you know not
all women shave their legs you know
there's like a lot it just gets like
really blurry that's all I'm saying so
anyway I'm not trying to say that this
is like right or wrong or that you need
to feel you know a certain way I'm just
saying these are things to think about
so that so and they kind of I think they
make bent argument here seem like a
little bit silly and how absolutely
simplistic he's going to approach a
topic about well listen to him true okay
and I'm not denying your humanity if you
are a transgender person I am saying
that you are not the sex to which you
claim to be you're still a human being
and you're a human being with an issue
that I'm you know I wish you Godspeed in
in dealing with in whatever way you see
fit but if you are going to dictate to
me that I'm supposed to pretend I'm
supposed to pretend that men are women
and women are men no my answer is no I'm
not going to I'm not going to modify
basic biology because it threatens your
subjective sense of what you are
so like the problem with this is this
whole argument is built off of this
absurd notion that as a person you need
to figure out like what sex like how
does this matter at all to you somebody
on Twitter posed this question earlier
like so you think that you should be
able to demand that somebody refers to a
certain way you know when they meet you
whatever well yeah we do it all the time
if somebody comes up to me like let's
say for instance you approached me
publicly and you come up to me like hey
what's your name writer oh hey what's up
you know I'm John you know how you doing
and then like later on you find out that
like my middle name is John and my first
name is Luke it's like you're Luke John
would you come up to me later be like
I'm not gonna call you John
I'm gonna call you Luke because I know
your real name I know who you really are
right well I say no [ __ ] you like I go
my middle name or maybe I go by another
name that I don't even you know that's
not listed on my birth certificate at
all right but for most most of the time
you never think about this you don't
care about this you don't know now you
can inductively reason that if a person
tells me their name is Katherine their
name is probably Katherine on their
birth certificate but you don't actually
know that but it's not that you don't
know that it's also that you don't care
if somebody presents themselves to you
is like hello I'm a woman my name is
Katherine right you might say the like
okay well what's up Katherine and that's
like what you call them and then that's
it you don't really think like show me
your [ __ ] birth certificate like you
don't go like hard into like the truth
and digging out like because it's not
really relevant to your doesn't matter
we referred to each other as it was a
polite formality it's a cultural thing
we address each other names that we want
to be addressed that's just how society
works
um this weird idea that you need to be
like the div inator of truth or some
[ __ ] like are you actually like somebody
comes up you're like hey I'm you know
I'm Julian you're like oh cool what's up
Julian she's like oh nothing much um you
know like oh you know and I'm a woman or
whatever like are you and then you bring
out the fingers and you grab them by the
puss like let me check if you're
actually a woman like damn like yo chill
out that's not how anything works that's
not how we do this dude do I'm not going
to show me your regime out of five basic
biology because it threatens your
subjective sense of what you are
I'm saying that the Boy Scouts have a
standard you must be a biological boy to
be a Boy Scout you have to be a boy to
be a Boy Scout in the name Boy Scouts
not really though because Ben is using
the word boy to mean like X Y chromosome
when not necessarily everybody agrees
with it but I mean we can appeal to
tautology here I guess like well boy
means what I think it means therefore
Boy Scouts you know satisfies merit but
I mean I guess we can do that if we want
sure because it because it because this
is because this is a very because for
all of human history boy meant boy and
girl meant girl boy did not mean girl
for a lot of human history black men
slave and white men master race you know
for some of human history been you would
be locked in a [ __ ] concentration
camp working to your death which judging
by your physique would happen pretty
quickly
wait I mean like what is the appeal trip
visit I don't think that Ben is very
smart this is really irritating to me
he's a very good speaker and he's very
quick on his on his feet but he engages
in fallacies so quickly he will point to
fallacy like instantly to win an
argument and it's not a valid argument
what is this appeal true to tradition
like this like this satisfies your
argument or like it justifies your
position like well at one point in time
we believe this and at another point in
time we believe that it's like dude but
come on this this is this doesn't help
your argument and if I call you a moose
are you suddenly a moose okay if I
redefine our slippery slope
oh so if you identify as a four year old
does that mean that suddenly you're our
four year old how many documented
instances are there of people being born
feeling like they're a [ __ ] moose
this doesn't really happen Ben now let's
look at how many people experience
gender dysphoria to such an extreme
extent that they actually [ __ ] kill
themselves this does happen and it's
well documented and there's a decent
amount of academic engagement with the
subject how much academic engagement is
there with the idea of trans-species ism
like nothing okay this is a horrible
equivalency rolled into a slippery slope
like all-in-one this is a stupid
argument like no it's a yes that's right
men and women are a completely different
thing this is true have you ever met a
man or a woman they're completely
different so this is where I would
challenge been like really been without
describing sex without describing sex
organs can you list to me some of these
completely different traits between men
and a woman because the thing is that if
we were to describe everybody like on a
continuum it would probably look I can't
draw bell curves at all it would
probably look something like this right
I'm so bad I can't drop it would
probably look um look something like
this right where you know there might be
some things like you know like if we go
to the far end of like the [ __ ] and you
got like 800 900 T you've got like
massive bulging [ __ ] muscles and [ __ ]
and tons of [ __ ] facial hair and
stuff like okay yeah like this is a
manly [ __ ] man and if we go to this
end maybe you have very small bodies
very large accentuated breasts or
something you like sure like you can get
here but in terms of like similarities
like men and women have a ton of
similarities far more similarities than
differences we're all humans right and a
lot of these ideas of like what is it to
be a man in terms of gender and what is
it to be a woman in terms of gender are
going to exist on a continuum there are
women that have to peel you know
mustache [ __ ] off their face every woman
when she's past 25 has probably done
something with their facial hair at some
point or another whether or not you as a
guy realize it or not plenty of women do
things like this you know like button
you know tons of men you know don't
build you know massive [ __ ] muscular
bodies you like all of it exists on a
continuum to some extent you know okay
let me ask you this hell okay I won't
ask you how old I will ask you how old
you are
okay because you're young enough that
it's probably not insulting to ask you
so know why aren't you 60
why aren't you 60
this doesn't prove his point yeah it
doesn't prove his point
what because because age is a passage of
time time is something that we can very
clearly point to as if as an exact
concept right something that exists for
ten years is much different than
something that exists for 20 years this
doesn't mean that there's a difference
between two things because we can talk
about the existence of time as a concept
this is such a stupid point [ __ ] and
while why can't you identify a 60 why
would what what is the problem with you
identifying a 60 you're right age is
significantly less important than gender
that's not what what do you mean that's
not true at all why would you say age is
less important than gender wait did he
say that hold on I have to listen again
why can't you identify a 60 why would
what what is the problem with you
identifying a 60 you're right age is
significantly less important than gender
you can't magically change your gender
you can't magically change your sex so
it's a it's um would you call this a
false dichotomy so he's talking about
changing gender in the way that you
would change your age but but nobody's
arguing that you can change your gender
what they're arguing is that your idea
of your gender is something that always
has been and doesn't necessarily line up
with how society views gender they're
not saying that one day you went maybe
this maybe this is actually a reveal of
what goes on in Ben's mind maybe Ben
thinks that a trans person at some point
just decides I want to be a woman so I'm
gonna change my gender
maybe that's what maybe that's actually
what Ben thinks but but that's not
generally how from what I've read and
from what I've spoken to and from what
I've seen said trans people don't
generally wake up and go like oh or
never I don't think wake up and go um
you know what I actually want to change
my gender no right you can't change your
gender you identify as something
different because society's prescribed
norms for a certain gender something you
don't feel like you line up with right
there's a difference between that versus
like well I just want to be a different
gender today right
you can't magically change your age oh
and now he's got her defending a straw
men uh he did it you're so sly you're so
crafty Ben woo you're so crafty what it
what a slime it and now he's got it
right where he wants her because now
she's stuck defending this fucked-up
straw man because she's probably really
[ __ ] nervous right now right she's
getting up to speak in front of people
so she's not really even equipped to do
this not not like in an intellectual
sense but like Anna does she have
experience public's because I imagine
she's really [ __ ] nervous right now
and now Ben's got her Ben got her right
where he she's right where he wants her
now she's trying to defend the idea of
trans ageism which is indefensible and
she knows it's indefensible and I bet
she went back and watched this the next
day and realized god damn it what was I
