the bus did you just do what was that
[ __ ] click all right how are we doing
boys did you show Malina that's separate
photo of her holding your camera [ __ ]
what punic the drawing of you Oh with
the big lips do I have to wait for you
later boxing do I have to wait for
lights here oh my god I don't actually
know what give way oh [ __ ] you're right
you're right
oh god I'm so bad
there's so friendly the guy behind you
didn't honk at all I don't know if I'm
supposed to go or not necessary well
yeah I mean I what
okay can you hear me are we good let's
see chat do any sunscreen or we're not
gonna be out here for long enough you
promise I don't know do I
why do you have sunglasses on okay boat
launching only no parking so oh [ __ ] I
feel like I should have put on sunscreen
if I get sunburned I'm gonna cry all day
long I'm gonna complain so much we're
being followed
it's all over did we are we running
separate ways are the same way did we
decide separate if something happens
okay which way is America that way sorry
I don't have the good lens I can zoom in
our America wait if I had a really good
lens would I be able to see America with
the earth curvature like [ __ ] that up
someone said I should have a hat on for
my neck yeah well a little late for that
yes no curve here at this flat so yes
what curve nice job guys I don't even
know if you're being ironic to be honest
anymore Bess he's gonna get sunburned on
his cheeks and look exactly like Jessie
senpai since your kid when you're good
to go okay do you feel relaxed right now
yeah okay throw us in the water holy
[ __ ] look
do you think there's a thing in that
okay
don't break it maybe someone else will
come and use it stop
keep going walk okay you guys feel very
beached out right now are you happy I am
enjoying it I like the beach but in a
poori the beaches had Mountain behind
them too okay we should have right like
swimming stuff do they have like do they
have jellyfish here in New Zealand don't
like wearing shorts oh seven skills
what's up new fan we got a new fan in
the chat can we get some clap buds boys
for a guy that wasn't a fan during the
basketball shorts t-shirt era can we see
the fit destiny what fit why don't we
have any dogs no yeah sure how long are
you staying in New Zealand I think I'm
here for like a three or four more days
oh my outfit there you go are you happy
there I am with my turbo boosters on my
non skinny jeans cuz [ __ ] that [ __ ] my
workout adidas shirt my Ray Ban designer
frames my TV you one backpack go to TV
you 1.com I don't I don't know why any
of you would but it's there you go am i
actually looking fit I mean I worked out
yesterday so I'm pretty shredded right
now I feel pretty powerful got a little
worried there
I don't feel sore at all yet but I think
it takes like 24 hours for that dom's to
kick in right I feel like tonight it's
gonna be rough I feel like I'm gonna get
sunburned Melina I'm feeling pretty sure
I am a little bit how much farther are
we walking [ __ ] which I should have put
some on it's so easy to do it I even in
my backpack wait let's go back and then
we'll walk the other way little bit okay
I don't want it it's so miserable to get
like really badly burnt you've been here
for like three minutes it's like 10 or
15 minutes to burn isn't it
what
to get like a sunburn you can get only
like no way out of the right Sun I'm
pretty sure like 10 or 15 look at me
look at this can you see this this is a
10-minute sunburn skin okay look at
these people looking at me no I'm a
vampire
absolute Aryan blood yep ask her if she
was a fan of Twilight
do you like the Twilight movies [ __ ]
that why what the [ __ ] she didn't like
it
she's team she's Team Jacob aren't you
what a loser
unbelievable oh my god that's even more
pathetic he could use the vampire boy
what a [ __ ] emo kid oh my god wait
were you even alive when the first
violent movie came out one of the first
Twilight movie come out I don't know
okay now man just chill okay there are
no movies in New Zealand you would have
been in wait in Sweden you guys watch
movies in English right
yeah are you been swimming at this
feature for Wow
do you have pictures on your answer game
of you at this Beach Wow Wow
oh the clam things
Wow very edgy integrate your shadow boys
I hate to some nasty lady friend Nick so
[ __ ] gross
wait just don't not yeah no I'll get it
I'm working on it okay don't please
don't touch me
we're here slay me oh god it's so gross
Cho I'm still working on it should be
good right
do you need any of this are you fine
okay I got burnt on my neck last time
right that's it okay do you think I
don't know
thank you asking cuz Chad wants me to
put it on your yeah good did I get
everything guys I think we're good
alright I'm ready to go ready to fight
the Sun are you sure you're not gonna
get burned you haven't gotten burned
ever Wow let's be that dark Swedish skin
let's be that dark Swedish skin no dogs
on beach Oh
what about all those dogs we saw wait is
it like super hard to see you guys on
the camera
we're like is it too bright shut the
[ __ ] up I will [ __ ] and you oh my god
that girl took our boobs out too tan
that's behind us holy [ __ ] I'm gonna
come to the beach every [ __ ] day I
could to see free boobs free boobs yeah
cuz you don't have the pain you think
you just kind of the beach and you see
free boobs because you just come to the
beach and see free boobs is woody o3
what the [ __ ] no more don't walk in be
one with the water okay let's be one
with the water not we don't have to be
that one with the water we don't have to
be like that one with the water okay oh
do that Burt almost [ __ ] duckers eat
her head yeah chat loves feet yeah let's
go you'll get banned on Twitter you show
them though so be careful and have you
ever been serving before you try it yeah
only one time
okay
I think big grades are scary yeah
it's not gonna wave I mean it has to
break eventually what do you mean yeah
okay I wouldn't know I don't get stuck
in waves no you know why no cuz I never
leave my base there's no way right if
you're walking on the beach and show
your feet you'll get bent no I'm just
kidding triggered holy [ __ ]
calm down why you always say some dumb
[ __ ] in chat I know your name because
every time I see you say dumb [ __ ] I'm
like I know your name cuz you always say
dumb [ __ ] [ __ ] chill is that a
pelican
what Center it's been a pelican and a
seagull do you know the pelican is don't
probably inside like the big beak so
they put the fish in like in Finding
Nemo or were those seagulls whoa hey
whoa watch out there Oh watch out there
whoa
don't ever get my clothes wet my trigger
I have aquaphobia okay there's no more
free boobs was it just the one person oh
look he's playing with the thing
tumbleweed I think oh my god you're
gonna die oh he doesn't give a [ __ ] oh
now he gets his [ __ ] ha what a loser
can't even barely handle the water she's
definitely gonna die there's no way I'm
swimming in there
you fall over you're not getting in the
car for two hours two hours minimum to
dry off
show us does anything ever like wash up
here that's like interesting Oh like
what's that wait is that like a foot
like a you know what I'm talking about
Oh like a bird flew over the water and
it's like foot fell off or what do you
call them did they have named claws I
don't know happens all the time
Oh flipper now they sell [ __ ] off you
don't call him [ __ ] flippers I don't
believe you
do you know there was a political party
called destiny New Zealand yeah there is
a political party called destiny New
Zealand and the guy that founded it his
name is Richard Lewis which is a guy
that I know it's kind of funny quite the
coincidence
no definitely not
well I actually don't know like is there
like a you didn't know are you implying
that I changed my opinions every time I
say something new there uh I think it's
like a religious group you what the [ __ ]
is that
who said that yeah that's right I got
real [ __ ] quiet could you imagine
going on a vacation like this with Sark
on wiring jeans when it's 70 degrees
what do you mean you we can wear jeans
in any weather what kind of what kind of
dumb [ __ ] question is that I don't I
don't have any good shorts I have like
all like my charts like well all men's
clothing has big pockets thankfully but
I have like they're like workout shorts
that you would wear like basketball
shorts like I don't know how you
describe I don't have like a dad short
I'll get the old um in America a long
time ago we had like NBA shorts and
they're like they're like I think
they're kind of like jeans but they're
very short they come up to like here
I'll get some of the hose okay no but
I'll buy some and I'll get like a you
know what a fanny pack is yeah okay I'll
get one of those gay clubs
no I got a gay clubs would you ask thats
[ __ ] up like you don't want like
[ __ ] like guys like hitting on you
oh like you go to like gay men clubs
okay yeah cuz yeah
I could like if I were to go to a gay
clubs once you guys were hating on me
I'd be like uh-huh just kidding I'm not
gay
thanks for the drink though dumbass no
is that what you do to guys all the time
yeah sure so is that like the new meta
the new strategy should be straight guy
is going to get clubs to pick up the
straight girls that go there to avoid
straight guys holy [ __ ]
that's the next-level [ __ ] guys do that
already and it sucks
damn so I'm gonna send it and the name
is Sava and chat so there's like a 40%
chance that's a woman so they've
probably witnessed it firsthand
how many women are in the chat for every
1000 viewers is about two women in check
so no now they're all just saying I am
because it's like a dumb name what
drink the guy who got tricked by the
family game with the game
oh I am how many people were here for
that day there was a day when I woke up
I think I told a Starscream before I
there was a day when I woke up to like
20 messages telling me that I needed to
refund some due to my chatroom and I
like logged in to see what the [ __ ]
that's going on and you guys convinced
some total dumb [ __ ] stranger that
wandered into my chat room thinking it
was like a destiny GG chat to [ __ ] TM
force up to me oh my god what is this
bullsh
oh [ __ ] no oh god no I just got like
trapped these super boosts do not keep
out water by the way yeah thanks thanks
Molina have you ever heard of a game
called EVE Online okay so so it's kind
of like a game where there's a bunch of
spaceships and you guys blow each other
up kind of but in reality it's like it's
got a lot of really complicated like
people management it's like running a
bunch of like businesses kind of right
and in EVE for at least it used to be
you were allowed to scam people if you
wanted to like you wouldn't get in
trouble for it so there's a guy so
people would think of like really
elaborate scams okay so there was a guy
that would if you paid him like some
amount of money in game they would bring
you on to do a like a game show I think
they call it the bonus room and they got
some poor guy on there that gave them
like a bunch of his in-game money and
they were making him sing songs in order
to win his money back but every time he
thought he was gonna win his money back
they would make him sing like another
song or do some dumb [ __ ] and he started
like crying and screaming and he was so
[ __ ] mad I am getting scam I'll find
you the recording sometime one it's on
soundcloud somewhere holy [ __ ] but like
he went to the bathroom and he was like
screaming in the background and like his
girlfriend came in and she's like you
guys are really mean like just give him
his money back why are you doing this it
was [ __ ] up not funny I agree sorry
not funny at all this is what you need
to do if you don't take an Instagram
picture of it did it really happen
you can still get you can still scam and
yeah I know I'm just I'm really but
heard that that guy got banned for
scamming on a radical wanna I think he
actually got banned didn't eat they
didn't just tell the stop he actually
got banned I think it's because the
SoundCloud Club got so popular didn't
even get that I'm not sure but yeah if I
could have you ever made a sandcastle
before I'm probably when I was like six
we don't have that we need tools you
can't just use your hands to put
together a respectable sandcastle you
need shovels we need buckets Jesus are
you an amateur ghost Jack some find some
kids to steal their [ __ ] what part of
New Zealand are you in we are in Taronga
I mean it's pretty if you look at the
combination of the color of the water
with the particulates of sand at the
beach you should be able to determine
that quite easily if you've spent as
much time in New Zealand as I have
what'd you ever consider doing a stream
with just you and maximum day maybe yeah
if you wanted to yeah oh [ __ ] god
damn it just oh I'm getting triggered I
am getting triggered okay yeah wow
you're so cool dude look at this [ __ ]
total boss just chill out
[ __ ] off why are you they so shy oh he's
dying his leg is broken we're gonna walk
him right into the sea yeah that's right
telescope and he's coming for that ass
we're done what is this can you stop
acting like a [ __ ] child act mature
Smith okay listen if you can give one of
these Berg's a hug someone in chance
it'll give you $10,000 USD
wait have you ever seen um have you seen
swans before have you ever tried to walk
up to a swan yeah they do
those guys are super mean I spent like
two hours in common six you're the last
conversation would start on his channel
explaining what concept is to people the
same people think about dunning-kruger
Thanks what is it
oh it's a seashell why does it look
metallic is it there you go
make sure you don't want it okay how
long do I have to hold on to this before
it becomes a fencer to throw it away
I'm just okay I gotta go to the bathroom
one second how long do you think you'd
have to stay on this and actually get
burned three hours no no like if you're
four you like without sunscreen with
this skin you can stay in the Sun for
two hours without getting sunburned okay
you say so
you just get brown s that kind of
describes all of Sweden no huh I'm sorry
that was an all right er joke oh man
hold on
we are not normalizing Nazism and my
[ __ ] shut get out of here ban
everybody that lull doubt that okay ban
everybody that loaded that I've been
spending way too much time fun [ __ ]
fortune
we went full or stuff in there for a
second what did you try to go surfing at
yeah it was out of North Island okay can
Mac surf okay you said you've never been
to Australia right like that counts now
[ __ ] it dude I say that I've been to new
Gaulle and France
if you why would you even joke about
that I would body slam you into this
ground so deeply that the hole created
in the sand would be too much for you to
climb out of have you ever tried to push
me in here guy okay you like being me I
mean to everybody don't feel special
what I'm so kind are you yeah yeah
you're kind of an [ __ ] just getting
choked up honey I mean it was okay hold
on yeah see Becker ZZZ wait I got one I
got a couple I shoot for about five
decker Z's per joke as long as I get
that I'm okay thanks I told you them the
one time I went to the beach I got
pretty [ __ ] by jellyfish every time
after I've gone I'm I mean I'm not
really scared it's nothing they're gonna
kill me it just jellyfish kind of hurt I
took my I took my kid and then a bunch
of my family went to the beach in
Florida and all of them were out there
they were like 10 of them together okay
we're out there no joke and in a
straight line I swam out there to see
them in a straight line right to them
and I had a guy a jellyfish wrap itself
around my neck well what like like from
like here from like here it's like
around my neck I couldn't even believe
it as soon as I started swimming I felt
it on me and then I felt the stinging
and I like I killed it off I think
Rachel actually might have posted a
picture on facebook of that I don't know
if
has it and it was just one [ __ ] dude
like an assassin jellyfish I don't even
know how it got to me when I was
swimming right to other people
holy [ __ ] [ __ ] it on Instagram it's
somewhere someone should have the
someone might have a picture but oh my
god it was so ridiculous wait do you
know where we are
yeah okay
getting people of our like walk on into
the ocean here just kill themselves did
you ever see the movie bird box no you
don't watch any scary movies huh okay um
just some monsters outside and if you
look at it you go crazy and kill
yourself today yeah okay clear out the
way peasants twitch streamer coming
through that's right
so what it's like in real life two
people see me walking what he had us
right thought he was gonna step up get
out of here
god I'm so badass I just bully the [ __ ]
out of these birds are you gonna kill
yourself when you get banned again
hopefully we don't but I'll see what
happens
are we close did we really walk this far
ah she's put her boobs away god damn it
the lady rolled over and put her boobs
away okay wait
Shh beep later you're being way too loud
right because guys like him a lot the
world and they are pretty good you just
well the world is built around men and
men say you have to put him away so you
got to put him go ahead yeah because
they like him too much yep so they put
him away just like why women were the
hijab Middle Eastern women wear hijab
Western women wear the bra you know it's
the same type of [ __ ] got to protect
your [ __ ] so men don't go crazy and [ __ ]
you up we're doing it for your
protection okay
milena I don't really believe that I
shouldn't say that because I got a lot
of like [ __ ] in some of your recent
[ __ ] now they might actually believe me
I gotta be careful you know would be
really [ __ ] funny he's to make like a
big-ass video like [ __ ] on like
feminism and stuff like about how women
should wear bras and need to act proper
and ladylike for like 30 minutes and
then like at the end of the video for
like the last five minutes just site
like the Quran verses that like each of
these commandments came from see you
know people don't be really [ __ ]
funny yeah of course I love boobs
William Hin third second I love them in
a sexy way what do you mean what
Oh get in the [ __ ] car we're leaving
yeah are you in why are we seeing ech Oh
cuz she's lawyer knows nice destiny you
gay
hey Moondog 2:01 not cool you may think
this dream will last
the whole way gotcha
throughout the top
you did
I don't know why I asked oh [ __ ] did you
guys see the clip of pokey of pokey
supposedly saying the n-word or whatever
I'm not gonna live when I listen to it I
heard it 100% I tried to listen to it
afterwards bursting like that
that anivia
he's got [ __ ] or whatever I try to
listen to it and I couldn't hear I
couldn't hear it give me a puff up that
nimbu oh man I don't know some Maradona
live Jim fell out a clip for saying it's
60 years ago
what's up [ __ ] but he was streaming her
weight with like a hard R just like an a
I just watched you talking about of any
of your points were wrong on
fundamentals I couldn't believe then I
read some of those common I can't
believe get more real I can't believe
these are real-life human beings I can't
believe you listen to that conversation
I think sorry got any [ __ ] idea what
he's talking about
like being male necessitates male
biology what do you mean by necessity
well I don't want to get into semantics
that's like the hold I still can't
believe he said that would like the
whole discussion was over to our
definition of the words like man or
woman and he's like I don't want to talk
about our exact definitions its
semantics also that that biological
imperative [ __ ] like what the [ __ ] what
is this like by a lot like this natural
essentialism like women are designed to
make babies and that's like our whole
prime directive this is so [ __ ] weird
I don't know man
am i driving the wrong side of the car
why does have the image here to my
camera
science determines gender but without
talking 150 he pivots so hard he like I
feel like what I should do in these
kinds of conversations because like if
somebody wanted to ask me I know I think
I did it but a when he was like oh no
like this topic is too confusing so like
really have a good thorough like
understanding or I was like okay well
let me try explaining it you eat some a
member um and I feel like I can do with
the time I think I should ask them ok
Sargon can you build me from Ground Zero
take me to naturalism or whatever all
the way up to trans women can be woman I
want to know the pathway and then like
write it all down and then just go step
by step
give me a one culture that has more than
two genders what about the ancient any
ok
do something at notes during debate so
you just didn't I did it again sorry
because I thought he's just so opening
for the conversation like I don't even
know where I would begin like every time
he talks like for like if he says like
20 words like we would literally stop
and go deep into like any like ten of
them and how he's like you said like oh
yeah then he and then what did he say
like what would we argue money was like
go like these parents has like I said a
specific term and like what about father
does I mean a specific it's like yeah
it's like okay well what about kids that
have stepfathers and he's like well they
call them stepfather not fun I was like
wait maybe in the UK it's like that but
in America you wouldn't do that unless
you're like if you're like 18 and you're
like parents very then yeah you'd be
like that's my stepdad but if you're
like 1 or 2 and your mom or dad like we
make you whatever so like oh hey mom and
stepdad or if you're talking something
is your dad doing we got no no no not my
dad my stepdad us and like
it depends on the person I think I could
be wrong but I feel like it would be
very fun to the norm unless you're
already older when your parents get
married if you're like one or two to
call them you're like stepdad or step up
your whole life that just seems some
stuff parents prefer that okay yeah
maybe I guess it both times I still
active or all three parents are still
active but maybe you would differentiate
could you please do wonder Bay where
you're arguing persuasively should be
nice to see you objectively want to do
it it's so boring how would I
objectively or how would I persuasively
argue trans issues I don't know I have
to think about that one it's really
really hard
I'll track we'll try it with the next
person that I talk to thing is I said
like it's really hard because like but I
feel like getting from A to Z is like
very logically consistent but I have to
embrace it I still like letting a walk
through like the whole thing we have to
be able to stick point by point without
like pivoting but there's another guy on
Twitter that I was messaging and he said
he wants to talk about a concede button
so I could have done better but he still
won the debate so I'll try walking
through with that guy like ever feel
like a plastic bag running the win what
what it's very good night men song
from the like American Beauty or not a
prom
wait what's the movie we're outside
movie what
oh I don't know the song there's um what
same in the movie but the guy that he
tells us something yet it's played by
the guy that does house of cards oh my
god it's an Americanism activated yeah
okay
I was spoiler alert sorry isn't that is
it like a point
[Music]
and then you're talking about the child
molester
Kevin Spacey thank you
well actually it's it fits except of a
flip up above a file paw prints what do
you think that means the problem is what
you think what do they think about the
spacing
you can you stop asking me very general
questions leave mean what do I think
about Kevin Spacey like what in
particular is he good actor what do you
think about the video that I posted it
was very [ __ ] stupid I can't believe
he posted that video it was soaked bad I
don't know why he would never do that oh
my god
when I watched it I was visibly my body
was just oh god
wait what does a speedo here [ __ ] this
[ __ ] place
where he's like some people what did he
say like I didn't go far enough I don't
even know Oh God did you watch it yeah
you know like the context of everything
that happened to it was like [ __ ] or
trying to [ __ ] like a 13 year old boy or
some [ __ ] and he's like I'm gay by the
way sorry oh my god
an absolute legend of a lad yeah
[Music]
are you making fun of my [ __ ] voice
what you want to go what do I get for
what do you have this for yeah
sushi okay food that I like that isn't
[ __ ] disgusting do I like sandwiches
or do you want like Indian food or
are you have no preference and I just
have to choose potato isn't it balls
balls okay Carl's jr.
[Music]
DBQ buffet sushi
takeaways vice world
he'll wait I've where that's good
somebody bring him into that have you
tried there before no do you want to
okay way this is way smaller than I
thought it would be hey wait I'm sorry
we're gonna look like I'm an animal
Thanks they have Kitson apparently what
yes
it's a pizza place what are you getting
shut the [ __ ] you know you want
well [ __ ] figure it out
but
hello I would like to order chocolate
milk please yeah we're 21 sorry green
demon yeah is that vegetarian yeah
free-range chicken tenders Wow
Jesus what is this menu this is so NGO
sy the trend of a figure of the foot the
lust piece scent is really good getting
Mordor wait I don't even see where
that's at
oh I see hold on looks like the closest
thing to like an all meat pizza I don't
think I like chicken on pizza that's
today I work that lust isn't meat lovers
Karl Marx are you really New Zealand er
you worked in this exact store or do you
just mean you worked in one of these
places in general Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
okay lust it is wait if I so when it
says lashed with your choice of sauce
does that mean that it's not gonna have
tomato sauce it's gonna have like
barbecue or some [ __ ] or it's just gonna
have that added destiny you choose just
ask do I get an employee discount cuz I
know you I hate that like my tendency is
always just sit in the backs of places
but it always has the worst lighting in
the back wait you in order real quick
okay can I get like a UH like a lust
Pizza
it can I did do you have like normal
marinara or is that okay like tomato
sauce yeah can I just do that on that is
that okay yeah yeah I'll do that
yeah okay oh okay yeah yeah yeah I'll do
that yeah barbecue Spencer what's the
I'll do it double yeah wait instead of a
double can I get a single yeah all right
snack sorry okay guys your dumb [ __ ]
water in this country go pump I guess
it's just what are we honest oh there
you know this
[Music]
you're doing another pentameter Coughlin
I'd like to say hi yeah probably I
cannot collect some small rock what do I
return to California um I think the 9th
I go back to Nebraska and then I think
the 11th I go back to California
I miss her what day did he say for
California um I should be back to
California in the 11th
I spoke me for the first time I said I
didn't even get high everything like ten
hits nice there's a chance you could
have a really high tolerance to THC some
people naturally do there's probably a
greater chance that if you smoked it for
the very first time you didn't do it
right a lot of new smokers will take it
and they're like they're like pull a
puff but then they blow it out and I
never actually inhale any of the smoke I
don't even know if you can ever get
higher that way I don't think you can I
could be totally wrong I like if you
dislike if you disliked if you kind of
suck the air into your mouth and then
like blow it out you don't actually hail
it I don't I don't think you can get
high that way you can easily get
secondhand high getting high secondhand
you'd have to be hotbox I'm crazy I fire
maybe uh I think you would have got a
lot of people smoking ready to get
secondhand high like if you just lie to
join around someone and you're just like
smelling it I don't think that's gonna
get you high unless you're like in a
room with a lot of people smoking and it
was like a pretty
getting high without actually sucking it
still I had to get second it high even
when you do enough that high at all sure
yet Max is smelling in Auckland I
imagine I think he's gonna scream today
himself did he download it on his phone
and making it gun everything huh did he
download like the thing on a spot in a
minute look if someone said they loved
your eyebrows why is this place called
hell is all of it bits I like really
spicy or what have you ever been a can
enough apart no hard I saw like Sweden
yeah you've been coughing a lot actually
do you think you might have cancer
pretty long they have a call for that
kind of magic - oh my god living you
know about canonized that success
oh oh it's a holiday LST go can you
chill with her and stop looking at this
dump shot sure what do want to talk
about well I tried to attack me
no you're very self-absorbed you know
that means self-absorbed it's like you
love yourself too much what ya looking
like hubris there you go that's a good
word yeah a lot of it not good
[Music]
your heads gonna get too big and it's
gonna flood away okay one year of snap
snap snap snap love you buddy
with me yeah that was Sara yeah you
wanna see me
yeah maybe when I go back I'm Willie
about milena with the spirit you on the
domestic violence [ __ ] I don't know
invader vibe well in the funk round wait
what happened what am I missing
like Chris Cuba's [ __ ] but good luck
getting decent in it anyway good man you
guys are boring as [ __ ] today can you
guys do some provocative [ __ ] in chat
when you going into ratchet roller
iPhone no I don't think so
not like that you bet all the fun one
can you do some cringe no does Molina
hate using make up due to the animal
cruelty usually van for makeup isn't a
lot of it like tested on animals and
stuff yeah can you get drunk or
something so we have like I can do this
that's why I don't wear makeup it's gay
the animal stuff we Wilfredo Venice I'm
not interesting stuff from I might do
like I said he's my friend I'm gonna
panel are you vegan nope she is a
vegetarian
sometimes a fish would you ever let a
girl put makeup on you for convo maybe
after a donation drive six lights and a
fork use your fingers this is really hot
this thing
yeah okay stop you're driving me crazy
actually actually it's really good
I think advice I don't care you have to
heat up I think I'm just really hungry
yeah yeah good vegetable stuff in there
[Music]
don't feed chat they're not hungry no
now may be said - mom that's not funny
why don't you do that
you're ruining my [ __ ] with your [ __ ]
get I need your for it : oh my god no
it's getting like mushed in it's ruining
my whole pizza
while you divide a vegetarian park
nah no no it's not it's done
this is like barely another finger
let's practice you like it
if you do that people will kick your ass
cutie-pie
you know a Swedish then called dungeon
[Music]
nope she doesn't get [ __ ]
I know about Duncan oh hello beautiful
stop speaking Swedish
oh yeah we said that's it
everyone's like reading
and then the person is going to like
[Music]
see I don't go singing
[Music]
yeah yeah oh okay
how do you get rid of red in your eyes
drive any red in my eyes right now hold
on where's the camera here this one no
people were saying hard drops so I'm
pretty sure that red in your eyes I'm
about to talk a lot of [ __ ] I'm pretty
sure this is real but I'm predict sure
that red in your eyes is caused by
irritation which is a symptom of dryness
so if you have read in your eyes all the
time it's probably cuz you're looking at
goodness screens all the time when you
look at a computer screen a lot you tend
to not blink as much meaning your eyes
bit drier and a little bit more
irritated I think that's why they get
redness in them you can use eye drops to
temporarily moisten your hives but put
our eyes hidden the dragons even outside
the way too long why do you look like
Emma Chamberlain you know and a
Chamberlain is
[Music]
which is stretch on some of those
pictures I can kind of see it maybe a
little
are you doing it brother - uh let's all
go bungee jumping or not you should
check out craters at the moon
you know like what is the credits in the
moment
great food let's hook that I give it a
six six or seven out of time
I should never barbecue is the barbecue
it's like a little spicy and in my
opinion I feel like barbecue is like a
really strong flavor and they're like
overpower is like everything for me it
does like spreading barbecue like
slightly spicy barbecue and that's like
overpowered like every other click on
the pizza there is some good barbecue
pizza where there's like barbecue
instead of red sauce I don't like that
that's noise we're gonna do here like
mix up the sauces or anything like that
like how kratos sauce instead of like a
chicken pizza [ __ ] that it's just not
right it's not how it's meant to be it's
not natural pizza was designed with the
tomato good sauce in mind it's not
natural change of guys
destiny is a dumb magical
like my wife what does that mean they
have no dryer in the bathroom
didn't have like a dryer in the bathroom
okay can we walk the bunch of jumping
alright how what does that mean
about ten minutes um what about um okay
you said there was the craters of the
moon
where's that uh
wait oh my god a cafe hold on okay but
now we need an ice cream you know the
rules
I got the famous yeah sure yeah
famous for New Zealand wait do you know
what lady jane says you know what Lady
Jane's is know so I'm gonna chance them
to go there someone in chat said to go
there what what they said to go there
the best milkshake and a big shake oh I
had like the sickest thing happened guys
you know you guys like sometimes when
people get back to America they have
currency from other countries and they
just like throw it away
because if you don't really do anything
with it sometimes when like if you
travel and you come back from another
country you have like currency from that
country and you just throw it away cuz
it's like what are you gonna do with it
when we were in manapouri i found a ten
dollar american bill in the trash can
someone just throw it away hey guys yeah
I want to really make a lot of money who
does that why would you throw away
because not everybody wants to go to a
currency exchange if they've got like $3
[ __ ] NZD or like [ __ ] like ten
[ __ ] the Kroners from Sweden or like
[ __ ] 3-1 like if you travel a lot and
also keep mine that if you're the kind
of person that travels a lot like
[ __ ] three dollars is probably not a
lot of money to you like you end up
getting like a dresser full of like just
random [ __ ] currency from other
countries and it's like I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna run to the some [ __ ]
currency exchange and okay you're buying
this give me ten dollars go does my card
work here well it okay I'll try it if it
doesn't want to kick your ass don't you
want to live here how do you not have a
New Zealand card wait what Max and I
share it what you take your card it's
like freaking out there my car just got
skimmed guys can you hear mine now oh
hey what my doughnuts wait somebody's
st. go-to lady James oh my god who are
you this then check that's what yeah you
chat right oh you just like bet you have
a simple name well what it's your
absolute best day in the world how are
you doing my dude pretty good that's
great it's actually about to be going a
lot better I need 20 NZD listen if you
um if you email me your PayPal I will
pay you back 100%
I need to buy doughnuts in a milkshake
and this ATM is broken and I have no way
to get because they only take cash is 11
enough for us
you don't have your card are you [ __ ]
real what's your name what little new
hard move new huh new huh okay what's
the best place to go here to get the
best type of milkshake yeah
[Music]
[ __ ] okay that's what Chad said do you
think they take cards there okay [ __ ] it
yeah we'll go to Lady James yeah okay
cool do you want like a picture anything
or do you know who Ted Bundy is I do
wait who's the guy that the serial
killer you kind of look like with the
vest and everything or is that the
Unabomber might be something else I'm
just [ __ ] with you yeah do you wanna
hold the camera from Jesus Christ won't
it do something okay can I touch you
both okay give me a hug I want to feel
your hug yeah there you go okay good
thank you awesome
Courtois hey thanks a lot man I mean
your country is very beautiful you like
you to live right here yeah yeah have a
good Iran yep shut the [ __ ] up
look
like the church no that's thanks boy I
should sue maybe on our way back I'm
gently curious now over town is an
adaptation why do you lose it again I
know for muscles it's too much waste of
energy what is the reason for a tan
going away that's a really good question
I don't know my tans go away I really
have no idea we should look it up skin
cells are replacing oh that might be it
because skin cells are constantly being
here is it your epidermis your outer
layer of skin is constantly being
replaced and you have like a natural
genetically coded well why isn't
everybody's skin why isn't everybody
black actually I guess that's the
question is there some advantage to
having pale skin
besides pure ethno States entire hike I
don't know I had to stop with all the
alt-right jokes oh god wait is this it
oh it is because evolution is slow as
[ __ ] but didn't we all start off as
black in Africa well I assume that
ancient africans were black well maybe
they weren't I don't actually know
easier vitamin D absorption
oh [ __ ] and I really want ice cream okay
nevermind just a thick shake okay what
okay
vitamin D is an essential vitamin right
like
can I get a like a large vanilla thick
shake yet vitamin D is so essential how
do people like me stay inside their
entire lives and not like get sick and
die you can size vitamin D with a small
amount of sunlight yeah but like I don't
ever get any sunlight so yellow bus am
[ __ ] right there annihilated where
where yeah you gotta show me because if
it's not like the punchy seven times
surprising Americans even use minutes
and hours
[Music]
oh my god it's right now wait is that me
or is that the reflection on my phone oh
wait that was a reflection very good
[ __ ] this okay this is the light is like
very yeah listen okay all right are we
in the clear are we in the clear like
yeah okay so I'm sorry we were gonna go
up to that hot spring but then there was
a guy that was kind of creeping on
Molina so we decided to come down to
this one so right after we sat down and
he like Joe
he's like taking pictures of yourself do
you think so I actually happen yeah yeah
just uh night he's just taking pictures
of us all right Joe any respect
I wouldn't just yeah what nothing can
you share you bring you a towel one of
us is getting killed tonight I don't
know who it's gonna be Malina no they're
in the case
oh he's leaving okay oh my god oh no I
got an itch in my eye
I don't think I'm touch lying oh wait
this hand is good okay
finding any excuse that hours
maybe was just like super kinda like
super pine I didn't say anything he was
gonna kill you guys gonna rape you 100%
100% what it's pissing me off the fact
that the goddamn internet is not working
anywhere
okay I'm not I don't want to enjoy
nature I want to film hot girls in
swimsuits and you okay it's actually
fine now it's not though it's gonna lag
again I ran a test and I had nine up
he's coming back
do you think he's gonna talk to you
[Applause]
we're gonna leave her on her own let's
see how she solved situations oh he
picked out he's got another couple in
his sights now two other victims we are
in geothermal water you know what those
words mean geothermal geo means like of
the earth like geography or geology
right geo is earth and then thermal is
heat oh boy like boys is that what what
was obviously called because the stream
keeps freezing ice cream
you really think it'd make it look
overtipping selfies of each other okay
yeah I'll go smile okay there we go
you can't actually believe it son
join me right here DJ Jay chat right
here guys come hang out the water
reflection looks crazy with the
compression yeah [ __ ] off French boy hey
show water there it is it's very cloudy
look see why there's my foot there it is
that's how cloudy this water is it's
also produc
drink the water or no balls I will give
you $20 oh my god it's so bright we
can't see anything now 20 oh there you
go wait there okay
$20 to take a big drink of the water
melina drink the water for $20 would you
do it no no no no the water in the pool
No I'm hoping okay
can I leave now my good guys did I
stream through Springs I don't know if
there's anything else forget scam
tonight where we going tomorrow do we
know no we should try to find a place
maybe how are you finding New Zealand
it's beautiful me okay I just realized
my battery's literally 3% I'm sorry guys
I love you all it's been fun I don't
know if else come again today but maybe
tomorrow and then I'm back in Nebraska
and a couple more days okay we'll get
train wrecks on the way back don't worry
guys when I come back we're gonna be
coming back at you know when a you know
when Goku was flying from Lake Planet
Namek to earth and he'd had or no flying
from Earth Samak and he did all the all
the training that's what I'm gonna come
back like okay real we're coming in real
hard okay so good luck guys we're gonna
convert to no property no hop channel
opportunity opportunity I'm Chino Chino
my dudes I'll be back in LA on the 11th
