[Music]
yeah I usually like if there are new
people on the [ __ ] podcast sometimes
I follow this [ __ ] okay I'm pretty sure
that's when I started following s-band
and miss Kip and everybody - okay
[ __ ] chill hey chill out guys okay
although she does live in California
just kidding
every time I hear your voice I feel
better just me what are your girls
escaping can you show us the paintings
in the background it's called the
spoiler free zone like entp and like the
myers-briggs which is all also [ __ ] that
I am equally again yeah yeah I can't
stand this stuff and I make fun of it
quite frequently careful okay cuz you're
trying to like you you keep saying
things what make you think we have the
same position but we don't it's not that
I can't stand astrology okay I can't
stand furries okay that's something I
can't stand I'd said that I can't stand
astrology it's that I I think it's a bad
thing it's a demonstrable bad thing if
people want to be furries I don't give a
[ __ ] I don't like it and I don't want it
like [ __ ] a furry or do free [ __ ] but
it's fine I don't hate it
okay it's not like a bad thing astrology
and myers-briggs jet these are bad
things they're different it's different
than just saying I don't like it
oh please tell me somebody saw that
[ __ ] play
what the [ __ ] medical procedure where
you just take a [ __ ] pill can I wait
real quick okay hold on there is a lot
of [ __ ] dip shits in your chat there
were three people that I've seen say
this I hope dusty never needs a divorce
and bla bla bla bla bla
I absolutely 107 won because unlike you
[ __ ] I walk the walk and talk
the talk
okay suck my [ __ ] dick I had my cable
I was on the precedent breaking up my
girlfriend working as a [ __ ] carpet
cleaner having failed at a [ __ ]
school while [ __ ] losing my house and
following on every single [ __ ] Bell I
had because that was my [ __ ] life
when I work carpet cleaning okay so yes
I did need an abortion and no I did not
do it because I do have moral
convictions so suck my [ __ ] dick you
fat-ass [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
they're sitting behind your computer
thinking that you know anything about me
okay [ __ ] off yourself in a video
game okay so I continue while we're not
that deep in bone alley slurping
vermicelli off of the woman's belly she
giggles while I eat she has noodles
he has meat if the tasty senpai treats
that nobody can be well you really can't
understand it it is what it is dude guys
wait I cut I cut my up like three times
go ahead say I go now right I shouldn't
let her talk I was gonna say I was
really rude passionate said
that makes no sense but sure it makes
perfect sense you [ __ ] [ __ ] let me
explain it to you okay usually as part
of the journey of somebody evolving as a
character you have some piece of thing
that either scares you it makes it
impossible feud overcome it you travel
to another area you become able to
overcome it and then Yuri confront that
fear recontextualize in another format
and then you overcome it that's why it
makes sense okay this is [ __ ] English
101 you [ __ ] [ __ ] it makes perfect
sense I don't know how this scene
exactly would look I don't [ __ ] write
scenes when a [ __ ] director but like
let me Oh Game of Thrones isn't an anime
you [ __ ] f slur this is an anime this
is like English storytelling I'm sorry
this comes from wait is this this might
even for the Greeks I don't know maybe
you only know of anime I mean I sucked
at school and even I know that these
types of stories have been told for far
longer than your shitty Chinese cartoons
have been [ __ ] animated you [ __ ]
look at the fourth clip of the day from
a fourth place although I would argue
that it actually does give you an
accurate answer you're just not
radiocarbon dating the animal itself
you're radiocarbon dating the water that
has early oil it's been passed along the
surface of the ocean that has been
brought up the you know this chain of
how things eat each other but again just
because there are some issues with a
tool doesn't mean you throw the entire
tool out completely it just means that
you refine your tool and you understand
the limitations of said tool and you
continue to use it in areas where it's
appropriate to you're obviously very
excited about all this calm down for a
minute how did you say that based on
this I see the similar words but you
somehow twisted it that's kind of what
Sam Harris said he pretty much said that
there are people willing to get raped
themselves even to defend Muslim
immigration right like situation I was
signing a book of mine two black guys
african-americans I don't like the term
my black friend also not because for
obvious reasons it can be even more
racist but the point is they asked me to
sign a book and seeing them there I
couldn't resist the worst racist remark
when I was returning the books to them I
told them you know now I don't know
which one is for whom you know you
blacks like yellow guys you look all the
same they embraced me and they told me
you can
I mean eager Jesus Christ a Zach why I
[Music]
don't know is she really really good ah
I don't know if I believe it as a violin
player I'd say it's portal impossible
yeah I feel like this has to be
pre-recorded to move this much and to be
that even in terms of like your in terms
of your phrasing I don't know as a mime
player it's actually easy to do this to
be recordable point no [ __ ] [ __ ] no
[ __ ] [ __ ] no [ __ ] [ __ ] you sure
your violin player not a viola player
because you sound pretty [ __ ] stupid
obviously if you record the auto
beforehand it's not hard to make it look
like you're [ __ ] playing and dance
around sure right the claim is that you
can play and dance this well at the same
time though that's the claim that's what
would be really really really really
really difficult to do but I don't think
so what I'm guessing is you probably
record the whole [ __ ] performance and
then you dance and you kind of like you
like lip sync with your violin I'm sure
she's like fingering the right notes
whatever but is she actually playing is
are you hearing the sound right now of
her playing or is it a pre-recorded
performance that she's like playing
along with can I see the clip of that
hook [ __ ] for everybody in chat if
that hook was actually on my hitbox [ __ ]
this character was so [ __ ] cool look
at this guy like this guy is super cool
like watching like grey worm use a spear
was so boring like he's just like like
this was like grey worms like fights
like that was like I was like why like
you can't like animate I'm doing
anything cool like even in these you see
I'm like baiting hits and [ __ ] like with
this little spear like I don't know
[ __ ] Oberon oberyn's fighting was so
much cooler
just sayin okay watch out my extreme
that will get banned okay and then I
won't make any money and then you'll
leave okay so chill that eighty five
thousand children have already starved
to death and if this war continues we're
talking about one reason for this as we
mentioned earlier is that it's hard to
happen but I am [ __ ] so upset that
Jon Stewart didn't work until he [ __ ]
died this guy should have been compelled
to stay on The Daily Show the fact that
he was allowed to quit as a failure bar
system this is why I am Pro communism
okay he should have been forced to work
until he dropped [ __ ] dead I can't
believe we lost Jon Stewart this is he
was like my favorite guy in media [ __ ]
he should have been on a comedy show
either he should have been doing actual
news god
that's why you get to be a fascist
[ __ ] lucky break that block my shield
nice work blitz can I get a clip of that
thank you
right that's what I want to hear bro
Jerry show me how it's done champ the
two times
oh wait [ __ ] I thought he was down oh my
god I thought he was down what the [ __ ]
you're okay with me eating these cookies
okay but if I drink one coke you lose
your [ __ ] it's not that bad
it's just a coke what do you think we
can read this side of the campus for
like 30 [ __ ] look a venti hot
chocolate has more sugar in it than a
coke and yep it's twice as many calories
okay
no oh yeah I got a big trouble are you
ready to kick little Jimmy's ass tonight
I'm gonna give him the mark of barbell
I'm gonna give the marker KOMO you know
what that is
the crossbone welcome forehead nut nice
dude
I hate abortion arguments don't ever
drag me to this dump [ __ ] again okay I'm
gonna go I'll leave you guys something
fun rubbing a cappuccino cappuccino
hobby no more traditional cappuccino my
opportunity me towards peace I
[Music]
understand it but it just has nothing to
do with anything
she chose to carry the pregnancy to term
already when she gave the responsibility
