all right is this you want to adjust do
this is like a conversation or yeah I
don't really have like anything else I
really want to talk about other than
this so like it's a I'm not really here
to like do a podcast or anything like
that yeah yeah of course yeah yeah
that's just so I was making sure I got
you know it's just a extended
conversation about this topic at hand
here Charlie
so um should we begin or it is or like
everyone can start it's all good so it's
kind of wonder I kind of want to recap
what happened on on Roger al last
weekend you can uh I'll try my best here
to recap to the best of my ability and
you can just kind of like stop me
whenever if I'm inaccurate on the whole
thing here yeah to an extent you were
being ambushed by my bath boy and
someone else I haven't read wash it and
verbatim but like you were getting
ambushed over and we're in word usage
and then you said something along the
lines of like I used to I use and where
the hard are and private all the time or
something along those lines or an
elaboration that like you have like a
refusal to like censor your private
thoughts because who are they hurting or
nothing like that who are they hurting
in private or whatever and I was like or
order like you don't care about like
thinking this is kind of where I wish I
had the exact quote here but like I
haven't watched it I'm really feel like
watching it again cuz I can comment I
don't know it kind of hurt to really
look at again but uh you don't care
about I don't want to I don't want to
throw me in here but like you don't care
about minorities or advocacy for things
like that you care about whatever it
makes the world a better place for you
to exist in or makes the world work
better which happens to be people get
along and there's less racism in the
world but you're not particularly keen
on uh advocating for those things
specifically is that my like there's
like there's like a fundamental
I don't like tube down like the ethics
train but like there's like the
fundamental value that I typically look
for is like what makes the world like
kind of like a better functioning place
for everybody kind of an so there's not
like any issue that I like intrinsically
like I care about so like I don't care
about like capitalism or freedom or
Liberty or minority rights or white
people right something like that it's
more just like at the end of the day
like what makes everybody kind of like
get along better and it seems like there
are ways to do that that kind of makes
sense like it seems pretty hard to have
a society where everybody's like happy
and healthy if there's slavery but it
seems a lot easier to have a society
where people and are happier and
healthier when there's like when people
have like axe' equal access to like
education and economic opportunity and
stuff like that right so you said
something and then um I don't know I I
can't really quantify or even specify
exactly what uh shocked me or hurt my
feelings or whatever and then but that
wasn't really the the thing that really
got me I mean that was like a you know
some elaboration here this does seem
pretty alarming and jarring to me to
know that you may use like a in or the
hard art and private because you don't
use it around me and so it just feels
like it's something uh I mean this feels
like at surface level value a little bit
disingenuous but I'm not here to say
that definitively yet just that that is
why I felt how I felt at that time then
when we when I brought it back up I
don't know two or three rounds later
into the Roger al you then when I when I
kind of like you know told you how I
felt you know hey I don't know if I can
associate with you because it does seem
disingenuous of me to be around someone
who condones that kind of behavior you
like I don't know I was coming from a
very emotional place I I do admit it was
it appeal to emotion which is there's
not automatically a bad thing I mean
because I would assume because of our
functioning friendship that emotions do
exist in some capacity and he kind of
came back with something that made me
feel a lot worse it made me feel
disposable because you're just like well
if you feel that way buddy just did it
and then like you know you go about you
know
I'm invading your private thoughts or
whatever and and that's and that's
really what uh what got me was the was
how how quick you were to dissociate
like my Mike my gut reacting is that I
want I don't know if I can associate
with you with that but knowing this
knowledge now because now knowing what
which you publicly admitted what you may
or may not do privately affects my
perception of you and and I I don't know
if I can really deal with that and then
your your I guess response to that is
that like well it's your fault you feel
that way kind of get over it and I'm
ready to dispose of DT podcast
sure so let me talk about that statement
real quick okay so obviously I do like I
think about something a little bit last
night I do a lot of debate and I do a
lot of like very complicated
conversations pretty often and as a
result like I think I'm like I'm
generally like pretty good at getting my
point across or pretty good at making
people agree with me so euro and I um I
guess like super freaking out right now
wait can you hear me testing one two way
to jad do you hear this way down or is
it just me they say it again can you
hear me testing what do you want to yeah
he really good sorry okay so generally I
think I'm like pretty good at like
debating people or getting people to
agree with a point or like making sure
that my point is like logically
consistent or that my argument like is
sound whatever just because for some
reason or for one reason just because I
have so much practice doing it because
of that fact and because oftentimes like
people that I have personal
relationships with so whether it's a
friend or a girlfriend don't do the same
type of thing I do when I'm having a
disagreement with somebody and it's on
an emotional level it's very
uncomfortable it's very uncomfortable
for me to pursue that conversation
because I don't want to feel like I'm
trying to debate somebody out of how
they feel looking about it looking at it
like in retrospect I can understand why
to you it sounds like I'm basically
saying like oh well sorry that's your
problem get [ __ ] but what I mean when
I say like this is like you're emotional
like reaction to this like you you can
think what you want I'm not trying to
say like get [ __ ] like that's your
thing what I don't want to do is I don't
want to get into an argument with you
about how you feel because even if you
end up agreeing with me at the end I
don't know if like you actually
would think if I just like made you feel
like shouldn't debated you out of your
feelings and that's something that I
usually I always want to avoid that with
people does that make sense
yeah I'm hearing your elaboration right
now and I was going concerning I guess
what you want to call that the resolve
of the Roger yeah that that was me being
kind of like I wasn't being sincere to
you there I just kind of like conceded
because ya know I was emotional you were
in debate mode like I was emotional I
didn't feel like debating about it
I was shocked he kind of double down on
giving me no kind of like empathy here
or anything like that and I uh I was
like argh I guess we'll just talk about
it later because I don't feel like
really busting out my emotional guts
right here in front of 30,000 people
sure and it's like yeah and again like
just to reiterate like even if I come
out like on top even if I win that
debate like I don't if there is
something that bothers you I don't feel
good like trying to debate you out of
how you feel about an issue I'm just I'm
trying to reiterate that hard because I
understand it like it's kind of like one
of those things like I'm sorry you're so
offended like that like that kind of
apology was like okay dude and that's
not that's not how I'm trying to come
out what like if you have like an
emotional problem with something and I'm
not trying to frame this is like it's
all on you or whatever but like if
there's something that you have it you
want to work through that you want to
deal with it's really hard for me to be
involved in that process without it
feeling like I'm just trying to debate
you out of your feelings just something
that I never want to leave and this is a
I even deal with this in real life
sometimes like a bit disagreement like a
girlfriend or something it's very hard
for me to have that conversation cuz
like at the end of it even if she ends
up agreeing it's like okay well did she
actually like change how she feels about
it or did she look at it a new light or
did I just like debate her so hard that
now she feels like [ __ ] doesn't want to
talk about anymore which is like
something that I never want to do to
anybody I think that's a really shitty
thing to do um I can't help but feel it
feels somewhat like ego preservation or
some kind of pride where you just can't
like concede that certainly you can and
in retrospect now say that it came off a
certain way and give me a further
elaboration but my feelings have been
hurt that that did hurt I can elaborate
further on on on that stuff if need be
but like I don't know honestly just just
knowing that the willingness to even
like apologize
would
Longway when I apologize for what made
me feel and for what I did that made you
feel well I am sorry if I come off as
like very cold or if I seemed like
really insensitive to the way you feel
like I would apologize for that
apologize so it was one thing we can get
into like semantics about the one thing
about you know using the n-word the
heart are in private or other edgy jokes
that may or may not contain that word as
well but it was more your swiftness to
discount everything to make your point
that the DT podcast I can get rid of it
your association with me yeah I can get
rid of it all to all take be on top in
that particular debate because
principles were above friendship so I
don't review it as being on top of a
particular debate but yeah I would throw
away a lot in my life in order to hold
fast to my principles I've done it in
the past and I'll continue to do it in
the future like I don't think you're
anything if you don't have like some
core system of values that you believe
in like that is like a very firm belief
I have it's one of the reasons why like
I didn't have an abortion when my you
know my ex-girlfriend that hated me
got pregnant like yeah I'm really big on
that and I will make big sacrifices for
the things I believe it was one of the
reasons why I don't carry sponsorships
or take deals from GT or whatever so and
in terms of like I mean like I guess
it's like the interpretation and I
understand the feeling of this is like
oh so like you know he just like doesn't
care about me or doesn't like my show or
blah blah blah I don't think that's true
I mean like I think that like we've ran
like 30 episodes or whatever of
something like that
we've done for quite a while like I mean
I've like enjoyed associated with you
have enjoyed like having you know
conversations everything with you like
all this has been fun but like I don't
know I guess like the idea that I like
be here's a belief that I have and then
if I don't change it that I hate you and
I hate everything I don't think that
that's like a fair way to frame our I
guess like the time that I've spent with
you or the time that we've spent doing
any of the stuff together I feel like
that's a little bit heavy-handed well I
don't know if I have you have a direct
comparison here I mean I don't I don't
have a slur I can throw at you Steven
that is comparable to the one that you
may or may not use in private that you
admitted publicly I'm not even really
asking you to stop saying it I'm not
here to be the thought police on like
what you say or do in your private time
as I obviously can't Mike and
you I can't enforce that upon you but at
least the public reception of what you
do can can alter at least show some
remorse for like for admitting that you
may mean I use the hard are in front of
a black person i I don't I guess I don't
understand what you expect me to show
remorse for it that I that I'd like that
I defend my like point on like saying
like edgy jokes in private or that I
like that I hurt you when I brought up
that I say edgy joint some private like
so something like that yeah oh yeah
probably that I think and I forgive me
really should have gone back and we
watched a quote verbatim here but your
what you quote forbid him well you have
a certain criteria of where you would if
you if you were to make an edgy joke
that may not contain slurs or things
like that that you would only make them
around people that would not repeat that
rhetoric in a problematic or assaulting
way yeah they start nuking but I don't
think you have like horrible underlying
viewpoints that would be reinforced by
said humor basically yeah certainly
right and it just feels a little bit
weird because I guess maybe the shock
here is that you don't do that with me I
feel I'm wait what I mean like yeah I
use different jokes around different
people but like I think you say you're
not even comfortable like the soft a
publicly so my my my read on you I could
be wrong I read on you is it you don't
do much like edgy or shock humor at all
so yeah of course I don't like we don't
joke around in that way I've got a lot
of friends like that I could be totally
wrong but like yeah that's might that
would be my read on that okay
well yeah I guess that could be that
could be one thing but I don't just
dislike it does feel incredibly
disingenuous but let's continue on
though so even with that and monitor the
reason why I still feel how I feel right
now aside from like the lack of any kind
of closure to just like obviously I've
been emotionally down for a while here
I've barely strained I've been dreading
this I feel like it's ultimately I feel
even right now I'm in debate my with you
over like the whole thing and I'm trying
to get out of situations yeah nything
phone this at all right now
really enjoy this part here I'm kind of
I'm kind of stunned that it's even
gotten to this point still but okay cool
let me let me continue here the other
thing the other reason why I would say
I'm escalating further here and kind of
bringing up here that I made no longer
one associate with you is because of
this implied tokenism if that moment
happens and I say nothing of it
then I feel like well obviously destiny
is a politically active streamer who is
very aware of the assault power of the
inner of the heart are you no better
than probably most of the people in any
given dubby call whatever podcast and
and for you to publicly admit that you
use it in private
does does breed an influence upon your
very sizeable fan base and if I stand by
the sidelines aware of what you said
publicly then am I not condoning that or
allowing that behavior on my behalf
because I'm not objective I'm not like
objecting to it so I don't want to be
like you're your token black friend who
gave you the n-word pass essentially
when you do that because whenever you
admit publicly what you said probably
what function did the privacy have at
that point well the function is that I
don't repeat those types of jokes
publicly like there I think there is a
big difference between saying like oh
like I use edgy humor privately versus
these are the jokes that I say aren't
they funny I think there's a huge
difference between the I think there's a
world order between those two positions
people try to present them the same but
I mean like I mean we can run through a
million examples I think that there is
substantially different well then that
may just be where we have to disagree on
that one then there's more though like
the uh-huh so again there's no
equivalent slur but I can even call or
throw at you so maybe I don't have you
ever felt how I felt that I've never
felt Lee by the way I've never it's not
like I'm sitting here on on standby you
know waiting to be offended I completely
understand like this perspective that
like I'm a slave to syllables because if
someone says it then I'm gonna be on
auto trigger I've been called n-word in
my chat and my diems on social media in
game coms you know everyone left and
right chardee modes literally the thing
I have to deal
whether I want to or not and none of
that ever really bothered me because I
didn't associate with that because I
don't know those people and obviously
it's just the lowest common denominator
of an attempted himself at haami because
of nothing of substance to pretty
critique me on certainly it sure but it
felt totally different when I had a
friend admit in front of me
that he may use it and that and that hit
me that hit me differently and I didn't
really plan it I didn't expect it but
you know that's what happened live on
Raj last Saturday and that's that's
that's all I can really tell you like at
this point I'm just asking for like an
ounce of empathy here boy I mean like
I'm empathetic like I can understand
like why it would upset your white would
bother like I can empathize with that
but I mean like I mean I've been and I
don't wanna I don't know what our
history but I don't we've had this
discussion before on the podcast but
like I've been like very public with
this position for a long time like this
isn't like a new development or anything
like I've had these same arguments with
with my community or with other people
or when I debate all writers when I
debate upon whether they should use a
jokes like I've had the same position
for years
this isn't like something new so I mean
like I guess like maybe it's like
surprising because now it's been
reframed so that it's literally just
like me and turns into Michael Kremer
whatever was the stream turns off but
like I think these are positions that
have held for a long time I feel like
we've even discussed it before but maybe
maybe you weren't thinking of like it
being this extreme or something or maybe
we just may be able to the conversation
maybe wasn't receiving in the bit I
guess maybe well you're still not on the
receiving end of anything like I'm it's
not like I'm calling you the n-word
privately and if you're saying that
you're not on the receiving end of it in
that if you mean like just the n-word
puts you're on the receiving end of it I
don't know why you would be okay with
other racial slurs but just it's not the
n-word that seems like a really weird
position to take to but I but again like
like I'm so uncomfortable conversation
because like if you are uncomfortable
the particular thing that I do is 100%
within your right to be uncomfortable I
don't want to like I don't want to leave
you feel like [ __ ] like he debated me
and I still feel like [ __ ] but now I
feel like I've lost a bit I don't I want
I don't want you to feel that way it
makes me feel like really [ __ ] that I'm
like that if it comes off as me trying
to do that to you like that's never my
intention or my goal
I feel like contextually yeah um I mean
okay so you bring up why my not okay
with other slurs cuz you haven't ah yeah
they weren't specified in your claim I
guess but I I don't use those either I
mean I don't you want to get into
examples of them I mean you you even you
kind of do a little bit right like I
don't wanna go like full debate mode
right but like so you made the joke like
a week ago in your discord about the
little n-word lit or whatever as like a
joke and that was even like a public
discord right now I'm not saying like
you should or shouldn't be able to do it
or whatever but like clearly like both
of us have stances on like things that
we would say in private or smaller
communities that we wouldn't be
comfortable saying publicly right
certainly yeah and like I don't know I
feel like this whole thing got reframed
into like um like I don't want to run
down you know specific jokes with you
but like there are jokes that have been
made by black comedians that involve
like highly racist or not racist but
like racial elements to them and like
sometimes people repeat said jokes
around each other it's pretty rare I
like I honestly I can't even think of
like a joke where I would like say like
the hard are in public that just became
like what this entire debate got
reframed about was literally just that
one word but like it's not that's not
been my position that like I really want
to say the hard are constantly privately
it's more just like there are edgy jokes
when I say edgy I mean jokes that could
be interpreted as targeting like
oppressed groups that there are jokes
I'm comfortable saying privately that
I'm not comfortable saying publicly
I think that's more or less been my
position the entire time okay
well well okay this let's go back here
then right so sure yeah I'm every time
too much you can always stop me no no we
can this is this is really hard because
like obviously you're just like really
fast on everything and I'm like still I
mean pretty tilted right now yeah that's
fine okay so let's go back and all we'll
revisit the example you cited here so so
Nicollet right after that that the one
you're talking about right sure okay so
so yeah there was a there's a there's a
picture of me from first grade that I
shared my disc orbs I found a picture my
mom found like a picture book from grade
school recently I shared it with them I
showed them that and I you're right I
did it uncle ruckus well the idea was I
was using that word
to quote uncle ruckus from from
boondocks I was hesitant to use it but
my dad was I was like hey I got I got
this joke that I think is like a it
y'all would find it pretty funny but I
don't know if I should or shouldn't
right now and then kind of dare me into
it and so I just like used use that you
know my little it's called try small
this is a picture me from first grade
but yeah put I put the opportunity to
things and said that
tell me again what was your point about
bringing this one up here that was like
in this context I guess I'm gonna make
some educated guesses about like what
you feel you probably feel like you
don't have a community full of racists
you probably feel like the joke is kind
of like how ridiculous it would be to
even say this right and then you feel
like you're in a safe enough space that
like the people around you aren't gonna
magically hate black people
I shouldn't say magically I'm gonna
begin to like Harbor or foster racist
views because of like you saying that
joke like it like as you say like it's a
little bit like an uncle ruckus type
joke like it was like it's tasteless or
tacky and that's part of where the humor
comes from like I would imagine you
probably wouldn't be comfortable with
like like Jesse Lee Peterson that guy
like him making a joke like that my
guess is that if you saw him typing
something that or like a Candace Owens
or non black people especially like
steven crowder is somebody else like
making a joke like that or stefan
molyneux like this [ __ ] racist
and this is a racist joke but like since
you know you're not racist and since you
felt reasonably comfortable that your
community's probably not raised you're
like no okay like this is okay
yeah most certainly um so again I'm not
really here to like really focus on that
I get that I I yeah we don't have to we
don't I can't I can't get you on that
whatever and I'm not trying to like get
you or have you get me anything that's
not like the goal of the conversation so
we yeah we can talk about whatever
particular thing you wanted to talk
about I guess it's really that like I
don't know dude I felt I felt a certain
way my discomfort directly from your
actions made me feel a certain way and
that how you conveyed it made me feel
like it was my fault I was offended and
that it was like ie to fix myself to be
around you and not the other way around
you also haven't really also respond to
the tokenism but you have to either
about that like that's like the other
the other thing here too that just makes
me like really want to reconsider what
I'm doing here going forward yeah sure
which one do you want to start with I
can say that like when I when I told you
that like hey like these are your
feelings like you should sort them out
I definitely could have done that in a
more positive way that the way that it
came off was like a pretty big like it's
your problem deal with it
[ __ ] kind of way like that's
definitely what that I can see how that
could feel that way for sure so I'm
sorry that I came off like really harsh
there in terms of how I frame that for
sure oh well damn I didn't think I'd get
that out you actually yeah well that
will that's that's that's a great that's
a great start um because that that's
what really let me just also just take a
second here before we even get back to
tokenism and all that that's what really
beat me down if I can just talk for a
little bit more about that so we've been
we've been doing what we've been doing
the DT podcast now and this will this
will be I think episode 32 or something
along those lines mean Yuma cameras
ringing out um my cameras like being
stupid huh mean you had essentially
Avani experience like I knew that you
had massive cloud I knew that you were
like you had a way Lords of community
way bigger following way every
measurable metric is like you know
dwarfing Mont essentially
I know that you know we we collided
together on scuffed podcast several
times but then our our bonding moment
was double teaming whoever it was over
kneeling in the NFL anthem protests and
going over black lives matter black
lives matter
you know BLM the BLM versus a lemn
argument you know always matter I'm just
like rah huh and we attacked him that
was it was awesome and then from that
from that fall out they fall but from
that from that time you know the podcast
happened we've been doing this now for I
don't know the exact duration but over a
year yeah that that bond that obviously
I'm not your intellect Racal equal
obviously I you've been debating and you
have like the the the argument and logic
framework down way further than I do I'm
working on I would be like really
careful and phrasing to I wouldn't say
that you're not like my intellectual
equal or anything I just have a lot more
experience debating I mean you're
obviously a really smart guy I like I'm
very blunt you should know this by now I
thought you were stupid I wouldn't talk
to you like I don't waste my time with
people that I think are dumb
so it's not even that you're not like my
intellectual equal I just have a lot of
experience debating like that's a worse
time we're here okay so um I'm sorry I'm
just like and I don't know over that
time you know I've I've tiptoed in a lot
of areas to make sure that like I guess
I didn't like come off as and consider
it or crass or rude or any of those
things I never you know I never poke
into your personal life I you know
always screen you in advance on on
topics that I feel are anything other
than topical from the news that involve
me or you personally you know as far as
like our pending one on open versus
closed relationships I want to make sure
you know that you were cool with it and
also that you were good if I if I can
hear not hashtag League teams I hit you
up offline irrelevant to the podcast ask
you if you were okay because I had heard
some memes about you were now an open
ocean ship and that maybe things aren't
going so well or maybe you need someone
to talk to you I don't I don't [ __ ]
know I I you're on the Dempster how
about stuff yeah I remember yeah yeah
III know the value of having a
confidential conversation because it
doesn't [ __ ] exist online because
[ __ ] the discord vlog or discord DM
or a ping or any of that [ __ ]
you know any text you type out on a
keyboard is marked in permanent ink
somewhere somehow eventually so I know I
know the value of a confidential
conversation that's not the value I find
whenever I go to things like twitchcon
and I see people like you and we're off
the grid because it's great so yeah so I
just felt like over time there had been
a great there there there has been a
friendship I knew nothing about you and
now I know a lot more I don't if I know
what conference me enough here but I
know a lot more about you and and it
feels like and it did it felt like it
hurt a lot how quick you were ready to
discount everything over over not even
the principle but just the the the
reluctance to see how hurt I was from
whatever you did irrelevant of your
principles of it so it does feel it
feels somewhat good that you at least
you would you admitted that that that
came off as credibly called yeah for
sure yeah now as far back to the okay so
then I got out the way here the as far
as the tokenism goes yeah so let's let's
go back to that here so my mom my thing
here was that I can't I don't want to be
the token black guy who was in your
company when you admit publicly that you
may not use edgy edgy jokes that may or
may not contain and where the hard are
cuz I don't want to I don't want to be
the one who said you know well my
blackness was the authority that
greenlit this to happen and then
possibly your community may see that as
a as you are aware of what that word Kim
Kim can do damage wise that you admit
publicly that you may not use it
privately like I don't wanna be probably
part of that and that also that bothers
me like you give them I'm coming here
from that part at that point yeah of
course I mean my counter argument would
be that well I mean just because we're
friends doesn't mean you have to endorse
every single thing I say and then your
response would be even if I don't like
endorse it even if I speak out against
it people are still going
to like hold me to task or or make me
answer for like every single time
somebody talks to me
right yeah correct yes so um I mean like
again this is really hard because I'm
not trying to debate you out of like
your principles like given like if I'm
in that situation typically like I'm
pretty clear on what I support and what
I don't support I'm I have friends that
have like political stances that I don't
agree with 100% and I'm pretty clear on
like you know if they say something that
I disagree with publicly I push back on
it I don't disagree with it and for me
that's enough but it's not necessarily
enough for everybody there might be some
people or you might say like you know
like that might be enough for you but
for this particular issue I think that
the damage it does to me or my community
or the harm that I might spread even
farther past that it makes it not
worthwhile um that's like a value thing
that you have to decide I mean I can
tell you how I would act but I could
also just be lying because I don't want
to lose he's a friend or something too
so I mean like I'm not trying to do like
these are your feelings figured out I'm
just saying like it's I can't like tell
you how to act there does that make
sense
I'm trying to say that but I'm not
trying to say like this is what you like
I'm trying to say that your feelings are
wrong or I'm trying to debate does that
make you want to see what I'm saying
sorry this is really hard to explain
without it like without me trying to
tell you what to do because I don't
think I have like the right to do that I
don't think it's my place to say yeah I
understand I understand where your uh
what you're trying to say yeah cuz like
if I'm gonna like debate you on this
obviously I'm gonna say like you
shouldn't let this type of thing bother
you but whether or not it bothers you is
up for you to decide that's that's your
decision of course I can't tell you how
to feel about that um I get it it's just
it's it's a little bit unbelievable I
mean what do you mean by unbelievable I
which part of that do you mean by
unbelievable like forgive me it's just
so hard to like they're all together
swiftly but like
I guess because it feels like I'm asked
like I or others would be asking so
little of you just the public admits
that you that you wouldn't use possibly
edgy jokes that contain and worth a hard
are you would admit that puple that I
really can't enforce that that you would
whatever you would do privately
obviously but even just the admittance
that you would refrain from doing so
publicly would woodshed that
responsibility from me about the whole
Association thing sure so to be clear
you're asking me to lie about like some
principle I have to save face for you
publicly you know I would never do that
right not because I don't like your
because I don't value friendship I
clearly do some we're having this
conversation right I clearly do but like
I'm never going to like lie to everybody
about like a particularly thing that I
think because somebody else might have
to like not feel comfortable about it
like I just it's just not the way that I
work
I guess certainly you don't have to lie
I thought maybe would uh maybe he would
turn around that I wouldn't I wouldn't
ask you to lie I just feel like with
what I was asking wasn't uh wasn't that
big of a deal what I mean like you're so
you're basically saying like I need to
reverse like my entire position on like
the this whole idea behind like public
or private like jokes basically that any
joke you making a private forum should
be appropriate in a public forum
basically which is which is in a crazy
position by the way like there are a lot
of people that believe just that it's
just not my belief I guess I mean I
understand that that mic might come off
as radical and like thought police and
speech police so let me let me let me
stop there that's that's really not it
it's a complicated a key thing because
of well also because you admitted it
publicly when you admit publicly would
you do privately that changes the
perception of a couple of things that
changes I mean ice I would still argue
there's a big difference between those
things I think it's a little bit I don't
think it's fair to say this is why and
this is where it comes to a stalemate
then this is where I I would disagree
with that and I I can't do more for you
then sure so I mean like I guess like I
said I guess to bring up some of the
examples are irrelevant was bringing up
right like like I there might be like a
form of like consensual sex that I
engage in I think it's a lot different
to say like oh like there's a lot of
like there's a lot of like things that I
do behind the scenes that I wouldn't do
publicly I think that's a lot different
than like releasing a video of like me
having sex I think these things are
worlds apart like saying like oh yeah
like there are jokes that I make
privately that I wouldn't make publicly
it's way different than just saying like
here's all the edgy jokes I know like
you know blah blah blah blah blah I
think those two things are way way way
different I don't agree with that but I
I I don't know
oh no I maybe I'll just like I'll just
stop here and I'll just like I'll figure
it out from here on I guess in C or I go
with what yeah that's what you ninja and
then I'm always free to chat either
publicly or privately or whatever you
want to go that route with again it's
like it's really hard for me till I like
responsibly have this conversation
because it feels like there's like
basically two routes I can go the first
route is I either walk back on
everything I said and I like radically
changed the way that I view you know
language and humor or the other way is I
basically try to like out debate you on
how you feel about these things which I
don't really think is my place to do it
feels like really irresponsible to me or
almost like borderline manipulation for
me to like try to do that so yeah it's
cool well really this was more bonus
points for me at this point I I came in
expecting you to concede on nothing and
to feel completely devalued as a friend
a relevant of the of the debate about
and word usage and edgy humor and all
that um so so you gave me that you gave
me he gave me something so I mean I hope
you don't think I like hate you as a
person I mean if even if you decide like
like I'm done with the progress like
that's within your right to do I'm not
gonna hate you like I don't hate you for
any of this like I mean obviously like
if I've been willing to go this far or
whatever I mean I really like as a
person has been fun to like I don't hang
out with you everything and I mean
whatever you do is up to you but I mean
I'm not gonna hold anything against you
personally well I don't know it just
feels like you're so disassociated from
the whole situation as far as it on the
on the empathetic end like I got I got
one sorry out of you which is again more
than what I expected but I admit it was
really it's it's so jarring to play back
all these things in my head since
Saturday where you were able to continue
to laugh and I looked visibly
uncomfortable for several rounds on the
ROG you know I've had a [ __ ] terrible
time trying to get in the mood to stream
because I'm just I'm dreading this this
point now where I have to you know I
don't know like I mean like I'm not
gonna turn this around on me in any way
but like they're like I think our
conversation at the end of that show was
a lot
productive than what led up to it would
you agree with that what do you think it
was just as bad as the beginning part um
usual I want the final 20 minutes of Raj
yeah the final 20 minutes was a long not
really no I I you don't you think it was
more or less the same I I wasn't a fan
of how you like so we were talking about
a thing and they eventually got to the
point where you said on the final
deployment of Raj that I said it feels
like you're putting principles about
friendship or a relative level of
comfort within our friendship and and
then you like throughout the thing about
you know what my person was a Nazi and I
didn't feel that was very a very
accurate attempt to debate that uh that
perspective away I get that you have
principles that you value I've evidently
value them more than I guess surface
level things within comfort levels of
friendship I don't know really how to
wear that one better honestly I mean I
know we can I can get grading equating
friendship - like significant other
relationship and then using like I don't
know like I'm not sure if I would use
like Nazism as like a comparable
applicable thing to use for the for the
debate there yeah I mean we could plug
in like any other thing that somebody
might have an issue with like maybe I'm
an atheist and somebody doesn't like it
when I talk publicly about that like I
would probably lose a friend over that
like I'm not going to like change how I
represent my religious views poly for a
friend I mean we can plug in like any
other type of like any other type of
thing that like I feel strongly about
that I wouldn't I mean I don't just
don't I just don't get my principles
like that because her friend disagrees
with them so that's all that's all it
would take is just like is that I guess
it depends on the context here but
that's a little bit that's how let me
take for what I don't in a friendship if
like if you um yeah if you were like an
atheist surrounded by religious people
whether they be like your family or
other people that that you were just
like I guess it depends on the context
or - right but like principles above
above friendships yeah 100% I've put in
friendships over that somebody was like
I don't really like it that like
you're an atheist publicly yeah I would
never I would just say okay I won't so
you feel that way like if you don't
wanna be friends that's fine
but I would be done with it really
easily it's an easy decision for me hmm
even then I'm not sure if that's
comparable to this though cuz I guess
you could say that like when it comes to
like n-word right I don't hang it feel
free to like pick it apart II obviously
cuz I know you're pretty good at that
but you know I don't I don't pick to be
black I mean one can obviously pick to
be religious or atheist or one could
pick to be a trumpet amongst
progressives or one can pick to be etc
whatever but like yeah these are way
different things of course so that was
the whole point it was I didn't feel
that your attempt to use the girlfriend
naughty thing was applicable to it's
always more doing the the point that I
was addressing was whether or not I
would be willing to change behavior
based on what a friend would want me to
change your behavior on those behaviors
themselves aren't necessarily comparable
well they aren't comparable but the idea
was just more like if a friend had a
belief that like they massively
disagreed with you on would you be
willing to end that friendship if if
they asked you to change that belief and
like yeah for most of my major beliefs I
think I think I would for the most part
an and then I and then I just ran down
someone's atheism or not see them or
anything like that
now the atheism and Nazis when all these
things and and whether or not you should
use certain jokes privately these are
all very different issues they're not
comparable to themselves but it's more
just the general idea of like would you
end a friendship or sacrifice
relationships for some principle belief
that you have all right well I guess
they continue on there thanks for the
acknowledgement that that that I was
made I was just I was uncomfortable it
means it means something that you were
able to admit that I've had a pretty
terrible weekend I had a pretty on a
pretty pretty awful time haven't really
been the mood this dream I don't know
dude I don't know I guess uh I don't
have much more I can say at this point
I've kind of set my point and you kind
of gave me like what I can get out of it
so I guess I'll just say like
another thing I thought you later maybe
or whatever yeah sure I think just
message me whenever we can always chat
everything all right good good luck man
fight like what you just said there
possible the Navy there might be like a
hiring bias that might and that's what I
would stick with I'm not here to die on
the hill
