Hey how's it going pretty great how are
you doing my fellow Australian twittered
sniper fellow Australian I didn't know
your LZ but so yeah we were gonna talk
about there me burnt good ol Bernie do
you have a are you dragging in the guy
that supposed to make me feel bad the
military VAD he's not supposed to make
you feel bad he just he's one of my
followers and he was saying he really
wanted to talk to you about this as well
I don't think it's about making you feel
bad he's just saying that he experiences
something like well actually I'll let
him do the talking like I don't know if
I want to like tell you his arguments
probably better coming from him true
it's not about making you feel bad it's
about just talking about whether it's
realistic or not to have health care
like what Bernie's saying because he has
the opinion that it is okay okay so I
guess we'll just
I made a sort of list of the claims okay
sorry I probably should have pulled this
up before a cold I'm not exactly a
professional streamer / personality
online or whatever
yeah no problem take your time right so
the first thing I wanted to talk about
was this idea of Bernie's plan costing
jobs my understanding is that it would
cost administration jobs not health care
jobs like it's not doctors or nurses
whatever that are going to be laid off
it's mostly there's a small section of
like administration jobs of dealing with
insurance companies so is that what
we're talking about or yeah I mean
that's a little semantics or but sure
yeah when I said health care jobs I
don't mean like doctors are losing their
jobs I mean like people that worked in
like
I mean if you consider it concerns like
administrative jobs then yeah okay right
right yeah I just mean like the jobs at
the hospitals where they're dealing with
c-arm
the insurance companies those would be
probably administration jobs at least
I've wet everything I've read called
them administration jobs yeah that's
what I would imagine as well I don't
know it's not like the demand for health
care is go down especially as we
increase the amount of people that have
access to it yeah okay well now I think
I understand where you're coming from a
little better now I guess what I would
ask is what's like what's the rationale
but behind keeping these jobs even if
it's less efficient because I know you
you if that's a criticism that's not a
question
I hate jobs I don't care I would never
ever rationalize some economic or social
policy on keeping jobs saying that's the
dumbest way to look at policy ever
however Bernie does that a lot
that's the whole goal behind like
Bernie's like protectionist policies for
instance or for instance having like
federal jobs guarantees and whatnot like
these are people that seem to be very
big I'm like they can jump and even if I
don't care about jobs like I would never
use jobs to justify an argument you have
to acknowledge that losing jobs is going
to hurt people and that has to be like
dealt with in some way you can't just
like acts you know I the estimates that
I saw was anywhere from 900,000 to 1.4
million I think health care jobs or
something like that could are probably
gonna be lost if we acts all the private
insurance like Bernie wants to so yeah
it's kind of hard to say cuz I think
that the the acting private health care
I looked into this a lot and there seems
to be like you hear completely opposite
things depending what sauce you go to
and it's kind of hard to say exactly
what would happen because some people
are saying oh no he's not even banning
all private health care it's just there
are certain things and I will admit it
actually is more extensive what he plans
to cover than what we have in Australia
it's more expensive than any other
country in the world the people that say
that he's not planning to acts all
private insurance are typically Bernie
bros so what Bernie says and we can I'm
too lazy to bring up right now but I've
read like you can read like the actual
like posted plan that he's published
basically what he says is Medicare for
all that that option would be expand
to cover things like dental and vision
and all forms of insurance that
duplicate what his single-payer program
would cover are going to be prohibited
yeah yeah cuz um I think there there is
an argument with some forms of health
care to not having a private option
because I've heard like I don't know if
I agree with him about the vision or
like if I were to campaign in America
I'd probably start a bit more simple
because in my country maybe we could
campaign about dental health because
there are good reasons to cover dental
that's what you just said is literally
my entire argument like there are
European countries that use single-payer
systems like what Bernie is suggesting
and there are some that use multi payer
systems like a public option and having
private insurance on top but like I
think that both of these have merit like
I don't think single parents or well I
think there's merit to it but like for
it to be politically possible I don't
think we can go from literally dog [ __ ]
nothing health care like we have in the
u.s. to the most extreme single-payer
program in the entire world there's no
way that's gonna work I feel like as
well there it is
um it's possible with his campaigning
that he's sort of thinking more
long-term with what he's sort of
suggesting because when you think about
it if he gets in and he's not able to do
like the full thing that he wants but
he's able to do a portion of it because
you know I think you've talked about
this as well you know having to
negotiate with Senate and stuff I'm sure
you're aware the reality is like I'm not
gonna explain that to you like it's
possible I think he'd get a like not
everything he's proposed and then he
could campaign on the other stuff next
time maybe um yeah but like he's not
he's like missing his election right now
because of his positions that he has so
I mean like we're not thinking very long
term or short term
or any term here if we can't even get
out of the primaries which is where
Bernie is kind of like dead out right
now like without like a significant
change of course yeah yeah it does seem
like there's um like because to be
honest I wasn't really gonna argue about
whether or not he's electable because I
don't know Americans I don't really
understand the mindset with certain
issues with Americans generally where
there's a lot of American positions at
least
I don't know I don't really say this for
many people but on Americans so I just
consider it American I hope that song
yeah we have a lot of really dumb
[ __ ] positions especially when it
comes to stuff like health care or the
government providing things in general
Americans tend have a lot of really so I
don't really think I'd argue like oh
yeah Americans would totally be down
with this because I think Americans can
be really um unusual on some issues like
with the gun issue I don't get it at all
and like because I but my context is
totally different guns were banned like
roughly the year I was born so like you
know I well they weren't really fans
they just you know heavily heavily
heavily regulated and you really have a
know somebody with one so for me the
idea of like people having guns is kind
of weird so I think that's why for me
it's like I can't really argue with an
American about gun laws cuz I feel like
they just so culturally different that I
can't really pass that I feel like with
you there I can probably get through to
you on like healthcare or like we could
agree on some things so yeah thanks yeah
but I probably wouldn't engage a
conservative on it because they just
kind of yeah but this is like the
problem that lefties in America forget
or liberals we call them liberals or
Democrats forget is that like you kind
of do have to engage with that like
they're part of the political process
like it feels like a lot of Bernie
supporters a lot of times want to
literally just turn things into it to
tell at Aryan dictatorship I think it's
like well this is the new policy [ __ ]
you if you don't like it you know it
will complain all the time like oh like
the Senate is obstructing everything
this is [ __ ] well no it's not
those are Republicans in the Senate and
they won their elections fair and square
it's the system working as intended like
if you don't like it you got to get
people to vote differently like that's
the problem I would say fair and square
there yes uh voter ID definitely [ __ ]
with ends like representation like for
like the house like representatives and
stuff but I mean like the Senate is the
Senate it's two senators per state like
this yeah yeah I'm just being pedantic
I'm sorry no no it's okay but like yeah
yeah I mean I think that any form of
universal health care is gonna be like a
dramatic improvements what we have right
now in the United States but the problem
is like the Bernie's plan is so [ __ ]
extreme there's no way not even that
like it's not politically poss
why just nothing most Americans would go
for it it's such a significant departure
from all we have now there are so many
things that would need to be controlled
for so much massive job loss that would
happen across the administrative part of
the healthcare industry and then like
that transition and to like such a crazy
like it would require like a decade to
like phase this in and like oh man like
a public option seems so much easier
politically it would probably be easier
at moving us like you said towards
single-payer anyway yeah yeah cuz I
think with his plan I like a lot of
aspects of it but I guess you're right
that Americans are pretty like I'm
trying to be polite here cuz like it's
it's different for you to say oh I
countries [ __ ] but if I come to you and
go all your countries [ __ ] in full of
idiots then it's definitely like way
ruder sir I'm like I don't really know
how to weird it but like with like I
mean I I'm not saying that you guys are
dumb but I'm just saying like the
attitudes are so strange about taxation
compared to what I'm used to
yeah sir yeah I like Bernie's plan
because I've heard like I guess our
country's already in a kind of position
where it would be a bit more of a sense
like it would make a bit more sense
maybe with dental because you know I
think we there are good arguments for
making dental covered and I think with
him maybe it's because I think your
insurance will cover your dental in
America a lot of the time television
right yeah yeah yeah so I think maybe
it's just that he recognizes that if
people lose their insurance with their
employer maybe they'll lose those things
and they'll get upset about that so
maybe it's to try to preempt that
response so would you perhaps agree that
maybe that's what the plan there is yeah
I could be yeah of course I mean there's
a lot of good arguments for why
single-payer or why expanding coverage
to like dental and vision can be
incredibly positive I don't disagree
with that but my disagreement isn't with
the paulius policy itself it's with a
political like capital needed to get any
particular policy passed and
single-payer is just it's not gonna
happen in the United States that's not
what that's not the first step we're
going to it's gonna be expanding and
reworking the ACA and then then
including a strong public option like
that's gonna be the path forward like if
we do a public option Americans love it
a lot of Americans start switching to it
then you'll finally have like the
pressure in place maybe for like a
single-payer type system but we're not
going from nothing to single pair is no
way yeah yeah I think maybe that is like
I I guess I wouldn't I wouldn't really
know about the American positions on it
so I guess I'm not really gonna argue
with you on that because you're probably
right that most Americans wouldn't
really want single-payer I don't know
but I don't know I mean that said I hear
a lot of things that like this is
actually really popular so yeah I mean I
encourage you to like I'm sorry yeah the
people like to like people like to
present polls that like agree with them
so like for instance um but but there
are a lot of polls that show that if you
ask a question differently you get very
different responses mmm so for instance
if you ask people like how do you feel
about Medicare for all I think that
pulls at I don't remember the exact
words but I think it pulls it like
seventy percent approval among everybody
but if you ceiling how would you feel
about Medicare for all of all private
insurance was gotten rid of then it
drops to like thirty percent but if you
polled are like how do you feel about
Medicare for all if private insurance is
dropped but everybody's guaranteed
coverage then it goes back up to like
fifty four percent so it's like it's
it's very very particular like how you
said it's almost like brexit right where
it's like how do you feel about brexit
you know fifty two percent of the unit
UK voted yay well it's like well how do
we breaks it
okay well now nobody agrees on anything
right and it's like anything's gonna way
more complicated and the Medicare for
all thing is very similar to that type
of issue we're like yeah like people
like the idea of it but when you get
into the specifics of how to do it
there's gonna be a lot of fighting there
for how exactly you want to get it done
what about the Elizabeth Warren's plan
because I am I'll be honest I haven't
looked into it quite as much this isn't
my country and I'm not voting in this
primary so you know there's only so much
time I'm realistically gonna dedicate to
it but from what I've heard her say it
doesn't sound like her plans quite as
extreme or extensive would it be would
you want to use as Bernie's so what
would be your objections there
specifically i honest to god i haven't
looked into war in south carolina at all
I'm not actually 100s
providing I was under the impression
listening to in the debates that she's
also in favor of single-payer as opposed
to multi-payer or having a public option
but I could be wrong I thought that her
plan was like pretty similar to Bernie's
because both of them seem to get a ton
stage right right yeah it's also kind of
I feel like a lot of the other
candidates who are arguing with them
though they kind of have a I think that
they can benefit from people like
generally the average person probably
won't know what single-payer multi-payer
is or the differences and the
nitty-gritty of that so I feel like
there can be politicians taking
advantage of people not really
understanding the issue much and for
sure that's a reality that you're gonna
have to deal with come election time
right like every voter isn't perfectly
informed like yeah yeah you're totally
right I just think with what Biden said
with the 30 million figure roughly 30
million and I felt like that was kind of
disingenuous considering that's if you
like basically go several years into the
future and calculate the cost over that
period that entire period then it
becomes 30 mil 30 trillion and I don't
know just the way he said it it didn't
really want another thing that we fight
over in America these programs is really
hard and I don't think Warren or Bernie
are entirely honest with the way that
they are going to pay for these programs
like I don't think they have the funding
for any of these secured yet and the
estimates that they give they're not
even giving upper bounds they're giving
like pretty unrealistic assumptions
about how much money they're gonna be
able to raise with any particular type
of tax whether it's Warren's wealth tax
or Bernie's financial transaction tax
like yeah but I think also like saying
to take into account is that Bernie like
one of Bernie's plans at least seems to
be to really negotiate and haggle the
prices down because as you're aware
America pays too much for health care
compared to other countries well yeah
I'm Sturgess medication something you
may not be aware of is that in the
United States our Medicaid which is the
program that we have for elderly people
oh no no Medicare is wait Medicaid is
[ __ ] I always mix these up is actually
specifically banned from negotiating for
drug prices like they're not allowed to
negotiate a drug price couldn't you
change that
yeah you should yeah it should
absolutely it's really that's what I
imagined the plan is it seems is to
change that rule so that you can't like
cuz I think that I know a little bit
about it we're actually pretty America
obsessed in Australia it seems I think
there's a lot of spectacle with you and
there's a lot with ours as well but I
don't know ours just isn't as exciting
for some reason I guess because it's it
doesn't really matter as much on the
world stage so yeah I guess yeah yeah
it's kind of funny that we know quite a
bit about what's going on in your
country no one knows what's going on
here because it doesn't really matter I
mean a common America is pretty [ __ ]
loud politically everybody kind of
here's our [ __ ] son
yeah well I mean you'd think Scott
Morrison our prime minister would be a
laughingstock just from some of his
weird stunts like bringing a lump of
coal into Parliament with him and then
looking lovingly at it I encourage you
to look up that image if you don't know
who Scott Morrison is because it's funny
as [ __ ] but he like brought him one per
call to advocate for coal energy so I
don't know we have that clams - it just
doesn't really get covered much but yeah
anyway that's kind of a sad thing
so yeah I've I've looked into it there
and one of the sources I found up just
bring it up now again I'm not like ultra
professional at this sir I'm still Oh
God my bookmarks is such a mess
maybe err okay hold up I'm sorry okay
here we go sir Business Insider I saw in
their article something I found kind of
interesting was them talking about this
this trillions of dollars figure and
stuff but anyway the part I found
interesting was according to the
Mikado's model total health spell
would actually come in about us 303
billion lower than in 2031 then under
current predict projections with seven
point three five trillion going to
healthcare that year versus the seven
point six five trillion expected now so
basically this is about Bernie that the
claims that his plan would be more
expensive but according to the Mikado's
model it seems that it would be two
trillion lower lower than what sir lower
than current spending I'm pretty sure
yeah so anything should be lower than
current spending because America spends
an unimaginable amount we spend more
money than any other country in the
world as a percentage of GDP on our
healthcare it's insane
so I would imagine any type of universal
health care coverage should lower
spending 100 yeah it was playing I
thought it was like on your end but ya
know it just started playing a [ __ ]
video at me sorry no I hate that like if
I want to watch a video or watch a video
stop playing it at me I didn't want this
yeah anyway so I guess it doesn't seem
like we disagree on that much in the end
yeah I think you're single or multi
payer systems could be good but like
politically there's single-payer is just
not gonna happen like and Bernie is
already like in a very very bad spot
right now for the primary so I mean like
it like pushing something even more
extreme when not even the Democratic
Party is ready for it let alone the
broader electorate seems to be not the
way forward not the way to actually get
something through now that actually
helps people like the ACA did I've
noticed it's weird too there like a lot
of like people who have left in America
seem to be picking up a lot of like a
lot of Bernie supporters seem to be
picking up a lot of Republican talking
points about the ACA that the ACA was
actually a failure or a disaster the ACA
got like 20 or 30 million more people
insured it didn't do anything for prices
like that's for sure it didn't help it
didn't reduce costs but like it did
expand availability of health care and
it did like change some really [ __ ]
[ __ ] like for instance like excluding
people with pre-existing pre-emptive
conditions or pre-existing conditions
and stuff so like it did do some good
stuff and it seems like everybody's
willing to throw them at the
now but yeah I think the the ACA like I
would personally say that it was a step
forward but I think the only thing I
tend here is that it was a smaller step
forward than what they want to call it
but like that they'd want it to be like
more of a leap forward yeah Obama wanted
like a public option included in it but
that never happened it didn't get
through the Senate yeah because it got
watered down because of them having to
negotiate essentially with the
Republicans so anyway I don't know
everything I've heard but but then I'm
not really tuned into maybe what you'd
called the neighbors I don't know
because I think it sounds probably a
little harsher on things like ACA than I
would be but Sam sida seems pretty
reasonable I tend to listen to him than
me you know Peter I hope those those
guys that the majority report are
starting to scare me Cedar's still I
haven't heard anything crazy from him I
feel like Brooks is going off the deep
end and to like the Bernie fandom and I
feel like we're running into like like I
don't know like how much who you listen
to her what you follow right now and the
American like political stuff but like
Bernie has like almost no chance forward
through the through the thing right now
like he's actually like hopelessly far
behind he needs a lot of help but like
the Bernie bros are still like
completely in denial about it and I feel
like we're running into this weird
situation where we did in the prior
election we're like oh no like if Bernie
you know like the Bernie math I don't
know if you're familiar with that like
the ways forward yeah is like pretty
rough so I don't know but I'm hoping to
like Sam cedar is still doing pretty
good yeah I'm thinking Sam cedar from
what I understand he believes that he's
the Bernie's ideas a popular at least
the the general idea what he's saying is
popular but I don't know if he like he
says essentially from what I remember
I'm speaking from memory here but I
think he said that he was hoping Bernie
would get the nomination but that he
wasn't necessarily expecting it that it
could go anyway because we're not really
sure how it will go but I don't think
he's ever really been like but he's
gonna win for sure and I'm not as I
don't watch as much Michael Brooks but I
do watch some of it but I think he's
more saying that it would be good if he
did win but
I don't know if I've saved them God like
yes he's definitely got this he's in
because you know it's an election so you
never really know what's gonna happen
sure I mean the poll said that you know
the LNP wouldn't win the last election
in my country and they did so you know
these things can be pretty unpredictable
in some senses but the yeah and are not
entirely unpredictable but yeah I mean
yeah yeah so yeah I guess I guess that's
pretty much it probably I think I just
misunderstood because um I kind of got
the impression like you sort of like
going oh it's too unrealistic to do
anything so let's just go with Biden or
saying and I hear a lot of weird things
on Twitter as well and I never really
know what to think your positions are
cuz like somebody said you changed your
mind to support Bardon nomination um I
mean like I've never said that I said I
would vote for him in the election like
I think that I've probably like leaning
towards like Warren right now who's
probably more left than than even I
would like to be but like I think I
still like pretty squarely support like
Warren but like people think I've done
like for like right-wing on everything
but I don't think that anything I say a
lot of weird things in my mentions like
that you've gone Barden supporting when
that's not the impression I had when you
spoke with Sam cedar I think because I
think you said like god help us if he
gets the nomination in that chat so I
was like really I mean that's it'd be
pretty weird to go like full 180 I think
maybe they missed like because I don't
know if people misquote [ __ ] on Twitter
a lot or seem to just have a listening
problem sometimes sir I don't know maybe
they took like yeah adverts Biden if it
was bad inversus Trump like they took
that as you know Biden 2020 of saying I
don't know but yeah like what what
candidate do you support the most I
reckon I mean that like I said I think
I'd like Warren to make it I think would
be the best mm-hmm yeah I reckon Bernie
warned of probably my favorite
candidates a lot of them yeah
Bernays are like pivoting like really
hard to like relentlessly [ __ ] on Warren
which is kind of sad I kind of said that
this would happen it felt like it that
if Warren started to pick up like I
don't know if you remember if you
followed it but like a couple months ago
like Bernie burrows were usually pretty
like oh yeah Bernie a Warren Bernie or
Warren Bernie Warren and I got really
worried because a lot of Bernie bros
seemed like Bernie or Buster's and why
worried I was like wow I wonder like you
know I bet if Warren starts to get more
popular a lot of these Bernie bros are
gonna come out of the woodwork and start
relentlessly [ __ ] on Warren and that
started to happen now or P like Oh
Warren was a Republican Warren is a
piece of [ __ ] she doesn't believe in any
of this Bob Loblaw and I've gone like
these hard pivots against Warren I have
seen that it's been a little bit strange
I don't think her records been
particularly bad so and I mean she's
she's pretty progressive so I don't
really get it but yeah I've heard like
Booker's not great or that like
apparently this new campaigning or has
been like a shift more progressive and
they don't really trust that he's
sincere and I guess like they're kind of
they trust Bernie because his rhetoric
hasn't changed at all like since he
started but that could also be kind of a
problem when you think about it that if
you've been trying the same thing for
long enough and it still hasn't worked
then is it polling that it's not
effective or this isn't the kind of
thing that I don't like about like a lot
of like online activism it's like when
people say whether or not something is
worked what they mean is like has the
revolution happened like the ACA was a
monumental step forward in the United
States for what we did with a healthcare
like this is like a revolutionary thing
that is like unimaginable when when it
was passed that America would even even
though it didn't go far enough but that
like that America would even go that far
was like a pretty big deal so like to
see people be like oh like nothing is
changing and nothing is happening well
maybe not for you when like what you're
looking for is like literally like a
full-on like socialist revolution or
some [ __ ] maybe you don't see anything
happening but like people on the ground
whose lives are affected every day by
these very real issues like have seen
like the ACA helped a lot of [ __ ]
people get insurance that otherwise
couldn't have like it was a really
important step for it maybe not like the
full-on like single-payer show that
people want but like still like a really
important step forward when you said
step forward I don't know why I thought
of like maybe not the Maoist late
forward or something whatever I wasn't
and then I was like I don't know I
thought of that jerk but it's not like
right my delivery could use some more no
it's um I I do think there are people
who kind of go like all-or-nothing on
the left and I don't really necessarily
agree where if you can't get exactly
what you want it seems better to me to
like try to get as close as you can get
them to do nothing at all yeah so
although a lot of people are in that
camp or they'd say just because like a
lot of people don't like doing a little
bit because they're in favor like some
people would rather have the whole
system fail so that it can be replaced
rather than trying to incrementally fix
what we have now but I find I mean
Republicans want it to fail as well so
you know but they want it to fail for
different reasons and they can defund it
yeah anytime somebody fails yeah vacuum
happens you can start assigning blame
and then you can push your agenda
through harder yeah mm-hmm
so yeah it's just I don't I don't really
agree with the acceleration astons
sometimes says things that like would
sound to be acceleration istil so yeah
the majority report guys I think tend to
be pretty like not acceleration astir
that are like hyperbolic and then he
doesn't want to back off from it like
maybe it's like a
eager thing I like asan but I I do think
sometimes he doesn't back off of things
he said that he didn't really mean well
it was like for a sound a lot of the
times like I think like he presents
himself as a sock dumb but I really do
think he's like a full-on like if not I
don't know I wouldn't say tanky
hopefully not like he is like a full-on
like socialist like is ready for that
like not like very anti-capitalist and
has like but like the way that he flirts
with a lot of like that USSR [ __ ] it
like makes me uncomfortable sometimes
like yeah I think there's a lot of like
people who like the aesthetic of it but
with that like the necessarily
supporting the regimes or whatever but I
did notice as well on the left that like
I I sort of wasn't as comfortable with
the drugs I used to make like because I
stirred sort of meme a bit with it but
knowing there's like it seems like
there's more tanki's than they were like
at least they louder than they were yeah
and this is like I don't know like I
think you followed me for a while or not
following it you've been aware of me for
a while like I got really nice yeah well
I used to like make all the crazy racist
jokes and all that showed online bla bla
bla bla bla and then I started again a
covers like wait a second there's like a
lot of like like this all right [ __ ] in
this crypto fashion this is like some
real [ __ ] like there's a lot of people
that are laughing but they're not joking
and now like on ironically because I
used to do the like [ __ ] like I think
you could even go back even in my
Twitter maybe even up to a year ago
where I've said [ __ ] like I'm ready for
the love revolution
let's [ __ ] eat [ __ ] landlords like
let's do it I'm ready for this [ __ ]
whenever and I thought it was all making
jokes and stuff but now I'm not sure
like Kisan goes like on these full-on
rants on his stream about how like oh
the US is worse than the USSR and [ __ ]
and I'm like whoa hold on homey like I
don't know if I would like on ironically
say this but now I but then like you
said like all of a sudden I start to
realize like wait I think it feels like
there are more tanki's here then I
actually thought like when I'm looking
at like the bread Tube subreddit and the
song subreddit and I'm starting to see
like these comments bubble up about how
like horrible the Hongkongers are not
like a lot of them are just imperialists
like propaganda and [ __ ] and it's like
mm I don't know about like propping up
you know totalitarian regimes to own the
libs I don't know how I feel about this
like yeah yeah like cuz I'm i think that
most like mostly most people aren't
tanki's but I feel like the jokes about
tanki's have kind of it seems like it's
almost like sort of normalized it to
certain internet folks like I don't know
if there's I've only really seen like
anonymous accounts really like start
really growing hardcore like oh the
Soviet Union was actually great and so
it's not really like my problem with the
Sun is like he does this flat out on
stream like he'll do that or that last
guy that came that Caleb muchan guy or
whatever I didn't realize he was a
full-on like like North Korean like
Russian apologist like that guy like his
online Russia today doing stuff and like
is constantly saying you know that like
the the Western regimes are worse than
North Korea are worse than the USSR that
like the USSR and like Mao's China were
actually pretty good they had a few
problems but for the most part like they
did a lot of good like I didn't realize
it was at this level yeah holy [ __ ] yeah
that kind of stuff I admit like I think
is kind of messed up like because I
don't know so personally I decided
- like lay off the aesthetic of the USSR
[ __ ] because I realized like there are
people who aren't joking there are
people who like and then they get
tanki's follow me who didn't get upset
if I criticized or said anything vaguely
negative about North Korea and they'd
call me racist if I like I actually
joked that it's the tanky loop that
you'd get in because you'd say I don't
support foreign like US intervention in
Syria or in North Korea and they'd go
okay so you support those regimes then
you support the exact Assad regime you
know your work or whatever and I go well
well I'm not going that so I know I
think they have terrible regimes and
then they'd go oh so you want the US
intervention you racist and it would
just loop from there where I'm like no
no no I don't support US intervention
yeah or like the people that are
supporting all your dough right now like
it's okay if you don't support Maduro or
whatever but like or if you don't
support like american intervention but
like that doesn't mean you have to say
that like the venezuelan leader right
now is doing a great job with stuff like
there's a lot of problems down there and
yeah it's crazy people aren't able to
distinguish this simplistic world of
thinking of like good guys and bad guys
and they don't in between like maybe
they can be more than one bad guy like
maybe neither side is really great here
but like even even like with all my
problems with US intervention ilysm and
all the like interference into other
people's [ __ ] i still probably would say
America's probably better than a lot of
these countries in certain ways like you
know your citizens probably have more
rights than somewhere like Syria where
they [ __ ] over so many people and yeah
yeah yeah but I'm glad we cleared things
up I guess cuz I guess I just got the
wrong impression of what you're saying
yeah I think that's sort of now it's
gotten a little bit annoying because I
notice it like all the extreme lefty
people that I debate now I do like the
exact same things at all the extreme
writing people did to me like I'm the
Ben Shapiro I just debate fast debate
tactics i trick people in a sink I'm
[ __ ]
I don't really like that either cuz like
I I don't really think you're being bad
face about things generally like and I
think this means to misunderstand
like I know when you like Georgia Luna
like I understand why they found that
upsetting or that they thought you went
too far what is a little annoying though
cuz like I'm clearly saying like I think
it's pretty clean you listen to like
she's saying that like oh like socialist
regimes have failed because of all the
capitals was like okay then I don't want
to be a socialist regime like I like it
that's a fair point like you can't
defend your system saying well the
reason why it's destroyed has missed all
these other civilizations that exist
like okay well [ __ ] the civilization
still exists thank you you were talking
like broadly about like capitalism
versus socialism but she was talking
about her country and so like the way
that that got taken by her and some
other people it seems was like you were
going yeah [ __ ] Vietnam we did nothing
wrong or something like we I mean I
think it's I mean like it's really
annoying because like he that guy that
non can be a piece of [ __ ] he baited
that so disgusting like these are people
that literally say like oh racism
doesn't exist that's just class
condition like they like they don't give
a [ __ ] about identity politics like 99%
of time but then he literally tweeted
out I think he tweeted out like white
American imperialist makes fun of like
Vietnamese woman crying over her bombed
country like that was like the tweet
that he made like are you [ __ ]
serious like that's the take you're
gonna go from that like first of all and
also like and it's really annoying is
like if you know any money I don't
support American imperialism I'm not a
fan of [ __ ] Israel like I've never
supported any of these policies ever
like I've been like party anti military
intervention in Syria like anti military
intervention like I think we handled
Iraq horribly like this idea yeah I
don't know it was so bad faith and so
[ __ ] irritating to me holy [ __ ] yeah
because I felt like it seemed like a bit
of a misunderstanding in a disconnect
because I know people who like speak to
lunar who said that she was genuinely
upset by it until like you were like
celebrating what happened to a country
by the Americans and stuff which I mean
I've seen previous debates with you
which maybe is why I didn't jump to that
conclusion or maybe I understood that
you were more like [ __ ] talking
socialism as a broad thing and not like
specifically it didn't seem like you
were talking about Vietnam but she was
and it was like a disconnect where
you're talking about the broader picture
and she's talking about specifics so I
think I can understand how
they would find like how would the
they'd ger like oh man you went too far
but I don't know I think there was also
like a kind of disconnect in what you
were actually talking about like no it's
possible it was a little bit annoying
that like I don't know where she came
from or why the [ __ ] I was talking to
her other than she also it kind of like
just flooded into the stream from like
because it was supposed to be a debate
with non could be I don't how many
people know like I was never even
supposed to be talking to her but yeah
it seems like like cuz I don't know I'm
not on bad terms with them I don't think
like I I did criticize one of their
takes so I feel like I'm probably not on
great terms anymore but I don't have any
issues with them I've watched a few have
non-competes videos and agreed with some
of them and you know like I'm not as far
left as they are but you know they've
been perfectly nice to me so I'm gonna
assume anything bad faith on their part
but it does seem at the very least that
was a misunderstanding about what was
actually being said there like I don't
know like because I feel like it like
you could probably just say now like you
you don't agree with what America did in
Vietnam I'm like but yeah I don't know
yeah of course I mean I've never
defended American imperialism ever like
obviously Vietnam was a massive [ __ ]
[ __ ] show and I don't even know what we
had for mission objectives there aside
from Naomi the [ __ ] out of villages and
[ __ ] like you know obviously yeah like I
I do think some of like the
contributions they were like kind of
where she interrupts but with something
very kind of anecdotal about life in
Vietnam and I felt like that was kind of
confusing given that you were talking to
non-compete as more broader systems and
that's sort of how that yeah which is
also why I like it got and she kept
trying to be like I don't want to defend
Vietnam and I don't want to talk
specifically enough but then it's like
then she's giving me example like well
my grandma and Vietnam was like well
[ __ ] do you don't the [ __ ] I'm supposed
to say to this like yeah yeah grandma's
[ __ ] wrong
yeah it's weird you know like I can't
argue against like the stories you're
telling me like what the [ __ ] am I
supposed to say to those yeah yeah it's
kind of like when that guy was
what's and Anthony brand Logan when he
said and grandparents we yeah from the
KKK like you can't say well she's a lie
of like it's just a weird thing yeah
yeah okay um yeah well I think that's
probably everything that I was gonna
talk about thanks to having a chat I
guess yeah no problem
cool have fun with star do you thanks a
lot but everything on that one premise
that we exist okay and we start building
from there
