[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
II welcome 2001 it's been a long time
guys how are you guys doing doing well
Lilly are you that's that's wonderful
really glad you're doing well sure about
each and every one of you I feel cared
about it's nice to feel cared about
mm-hmm so that's how you guys been doing
in two weeks nothing exciting has
happened with any of you guys really not
as it's just [ __ ] London there's
nothing exciting it's a bunch of brick
walls rude [ __ ] people well we got a
new DM it's Lily
she brought us in she's our new DM okay
that's what has happened ladies boost
okay now that's definitely not that way
oh my god what the [ __ ] okay so it's
episode five mr. tacky just messaged me
and corrected me thanks guys you walked
into my trap insulting you okay Christ
coy blue [ __ ] intro us Jesus hello
everybody and welcome to of Dyson man
this is our sixth episode I know that
makes a consensus five but it's actually
[Music]
I said it was six I'm looking at the
well actually I'm ik techie does
maintain the wiki and the wiki says this
is episode six so I don't know what you
want I don't know whose number you want
to go with here alright we're gonna say
it's a five
oh I can do 5.5 go bring us a welcome to
of Dyson men last week we found the
party scattered confused kind of split
between multiple missions the haunting
of the house had gone well but the party
had suffered some major physical blows
to themselves had taken a lot of hits
and they weren't sure how to proceed in
the house otherwise they had the mining
mission what's gonna happen to all the
stolen goods there how are they gonna
find it they searched the mind but the
trail had gone cold even interviewing
animals present at the mine would not
help the party get any clues we find the
party on the 18th of January 15 12 back
in cron wick huddled together in a
tavern to get some drinks to kind of
clear their heads and they sit around a
table to sort out their problems they've
got the haunted mansion they've got the
lost mining goods that they're supposed
to find the trail is cold on one the
monsters are dangerous on the other and
the party is trying to figure out what
the hell is going on so let's have
everybody hop into roll20 if you aren't
already it looks like most of you are
and let's turn on our tavern sounds
let's get the party in the mode and
whoever whoever was already in roll20
gets bonus points right absolutely you
all gain bonus points inspiration
awesome sure you all get inspiration why
don't we start the party off with
inspiration no no no no that's not
because he's coy who's gonna do some
real dumb [ __ ] if we do that just let's
just just stop wait do we really go this
prashanta yes everyone starts off with
inspiration you haven't had you should
have gotten appreciate you did earlier
and I probably forgot to give it to you
it's not like anyone ever uses the
inspiration that they have Oh I'll be
using it wait where do I put and your
character sheet you've got a big-ass
word this is inspiration click the
symbol to the left to cause his dragon
to appear okay he's already clicked cuz
I I guess I like the dragon a lot you'll
actually really cool one day I feel like
bull played as each other's character
I think I'll be really funny I know
everyone me hungry are you gonna start
role-playing your scones okay okay so
where are we at Koivu what are we doing
I'm on a short fuse today these people
are pissing me off
what's going on you're all hanging out
what is the day today I need to know we
it was the 15th of January last January
how many days are in January in this
calendar is 31 okay rent is doing the
first right yep all right we're do you
have rent landlord Dan's coming for the
rent not for long all right well never
it's gonna thief is gonna steal our
money and run away we kill the landlord
he can't take our rent genius idea Lenny
was smart let's bring you into a tavern
yes you need you need to get out of dgg
before why would you say guys have a
chat where are we at right now Clem oh I
was about know god damn it why isn't it
correct
wait when I said um where we are wait
wasn't our party separated I thought we
were off and you guys have reconvened in
town because everyone was on their way
back to town anyway
the party's all in town you're all in
the same room all hanging on next time
we watch the episode hi boo actually
retcon bat because we did not rejoin at
the end of the episode
I specifically remember that but that's
okay well let it slide for now okay so
I'm not on edge today because your
cameras are [ __ ] up and now it's
triggering me okay hold on real quick um
Lily target camera
mr. Mouton turn off your camera Lilly
turn it on miss him wouldn't turn it on
oh my christ it's even more [ __ ] up
now okay
all three of you turn your cameras off
please oh my god okay just turn them on
okay one more time all three of you just
turn them off okay okay just turn it on
a little bit different than you did last
time okay wait Lilly turn wait miss um
when you [ __ ] it up Oh Lilly turn
yours off and turn it on okay k torino
turn yours off and turn it on okay hold
on nope it's working mr. mr. Mouton
Turner's off and on okay wait I see how
it has to go okay just i see how it has
to go okay listen to me okay
okay turn yours off I just god damn it
mr. wooden Kate turn yours off Kate turn
it on boom okay so sorry for that rude
interruption quit go you guys are in a
tavern you're all seated around each
other it is the 18th of January 1512
you're talking over the multiple
missions that you have going on and
you're trying to figure out what you're
gonna do about them all no wait just
even get inspiration for solving them
but we already have inspiration and you
don't get double inspiration so you just
[ __ ] wasted it okay okay okay
we're in the tavern and we are there we
are in the tavern we are at this very
long table reminds me of my school
cafeteria I'm getting flashbacks do we
have okay as a refresher we have the
ghost mission we have the lantern
investigation mission did we get a third
mission no those are your two missions
for now just two easy easy to do that
neat we can't solve either
so it's going awesome we're doing great
whoo all right uh so nevets did you find
anything while you were researching our
ghostly adventures while we were gone no
I don't think I did nothing all nevets
I tracked down the sheriff of the town
and I got a brief chronology of the
ghostly crimes that have occurred in
this town in the last 50 years but it
seems like all all trails from these
crimes that were solved all end up at
the at the same lady that we went to
before for help and I don't know she's
very much interested in helping us
without charging a hefty fee so I'm not
sure where to go from here did you read
that did nevets read that off of the
back of his hand
nope never it's doesn't need a because
neveress is intelligent because I'm the
person that is intelligent here okay
I've been thinking a few days maybe we
give up the minds case since we take too
long
that would look awful on our business
you know what I think that we can I want
to lower my voice a little bit I think
we can come up with some [ __ ] and
solve it our own way okay I think it'll
be fine
I think we should we should keep on
keeping on a little longer
and try not to get our asses whooped by
the Chancellor cuz after the the ghost
case the princess Prince was quite mad
at us so I I would like to avoid any
further angering well we can all agree
here that there is some there is some
intangible value attached to our
reputation correct for being able to
solve cases we can probably work out
what happened with the mines or at the
very least we can make it look like
we've worked out what happened with the
mines but I don't think I don't think
we're gonna be able to solve this ghost
case
our own as a suggested course of action
perhaps we go to what does I become a
cleric what's the name of the cleric
lady does anyone remember the name of
the cleric Martha Martha
no mother Gilda mother Gilda right there
you go okay perhaps we go to mother
Gilda we pay her a large sum to go into
the mansion and to essentially solve
this case for us we take that solution
and we give it to the Oh God the name of
the mistress
Sandra yeah we tell mr. Sandra that we
solved that case and then we focus all
of our attentions to the mind case
well nevets it seems that you're
forgetting that we actually went to the
[ __ ] of a cleric and she denied us and
wanted to do the case herself so we
can't pretty much cannot ask her for
help at all unless we want to turn the
case over to her and then we run into
the same exact problem that we do with
the minds which is taking a bit a hit to
a reputation so I don't think it I don't
think it would necessarily take a hit to
our reputation outsource this job I mean
if we offer to pay her the full sum of
the reward we can escort her and finish
it with basically using her as like
contract work more it will look to the
bar cube the barkeep wanders over with a
large pitcher pours it in your cup heads
back I'll have some as well
barkis he tops you all off I want to I
want to wink at him and say pleasure was
all mine miss Toki is gone and bring
some with me but I heard this bar has
some nice stew you want some stew yes
okay order a bowl of stew yeah you can
just some lamb and potato stew sound
only
yes I'm going to give a bunny the bowl
and give him the spoon you know how to
use yes honey is the stew very hot
himself on the step be careful I'm gonna
wait roll one day for damage if he
burned himself he probably took a big
fine unless you like for the stew all
over you
very hard mister
make sure to blow on it okay don't burn
yourself I'm gonna like affectionately
Pat his head
dad looks at Toki admiringly at her
motherly skills do you have son miss
Toki unfortunately no but if I had a son
would be like you Lenny
smart he's very strong very and some but
Lenny is the most the best looking out
of all of us mm-hmm we wrote that right
yeah yeah very handsome uh-huh you guys
seen that into the door
regular old person who I wouldn't
mention other than the fact that she
comes up behind nevets
and taps him on the shoulder a little
bit and says uh-huh excuse me cousin
mind if I chat with you for just a
moment wait who did he tell yeah yeah
yeah what do you need she kind of
motions with her head to step away from
the rest of the party and kind of leans
over
whispers down to you in a low voice I
don't know if you remember me I'm a mini
cousin of yours from some time ago
she says hoping for some recognition
that's how do I recognize her you don't
recognize her but you recognize the term
cousin especially used in this situation
is the family talks about and the family
is the organized crime throughout all of
Arcadia they use familial terms a
brother and sister would be a
members of the crime organization in
this town mother father would be like
the leaders of the town cousin nun
leadership members in the toga and yeah
so she merely referring to you as like
some sort of organized criminal or
organized crime adjacent and I try to
listen in on this conversation yes
you'll have to make me a decent
perception check that are you doing more
you can hear that is no problem go boo
money will just continue to eat his food
not Jam
yeah you don't hear [ __ ] Catarina okay
well maybe it's not as easy as I thought
it was but you know okay I'm just trying
to be quiet she's sneaky she's a
criminal
um okay yeah um I guess I kind of like
not solely and I say yeah well what can
I do for you buddy well you see here I
got this this patron of mine and with
all the family being out of town for a
family reunion uh I had there's a little
bit of scouting that I need done I was
hoping you might be able to do it I got
this a woman Miriam she's racked up
quite a gambling debt and hoping you
could keep an eye on her while she
returns to her podunk town in the middle
of nowhere but a village in the middle
of nowhere to gather the rest of the
coin that she needs to they had oohs so
we need to escort this lady basically
back to her home make sure that she
stays out of trouble in the meantime
just make sure she gets home and back
again a halflings tale would you when
you're asking for these types of favors
is it understood that these are like a
quid pro quo or we're getting to would
you get paid for some like this or how
does that yeah this is definitely like
she would either pay you in cash or in
favors or you know whatever you can
agree with
can I ask or no well I can ask what kind
of people are after this lady that she
needs so much protection oh I don't
think anyone's after her but she could
skip town without coming back to pay her
bills normally I'd send a brother sister
of mine after her but as I said family
reunion and all people are out of town
a little quiet around here oh okay no my
name is centers for this lot is it okay
if I ask how much does she owe oh she's
a 10 grand in the hole you know is that
100 that's 100 gold right mm-hmm okay
yeah I can give you know 10% cut if you
can see that she gets back in one piece
[Music]
um when does she have to have this debt
paid by well she's standing outside
right now I told her to wait I was just
gonna kick her out of town it should be
a day there in a day back you do got the
time she kind of gives a glance to your
other people and you can see that she
doesn't recognize any of these faces
mm-hmm does it understood that to deny
like a request like this would be like
pretty rude or no if you got other [ __ ]
going on you got other [ __ ] going on so
probably just pass it off to the next
person it's an opportunity to improve
relationships but it you know you could
blow her off or you can deny her sure
you can acceptable yeah okay yeah we can
do it no problem Thank You Miriam she's
the little half and lady outside and
she's headed to rusty Ridge down south
bit okay um can she wait outside for a
minute or she gonna start running oh
sure I'll go chat with her you come out
when you've wrapped up your affairs here
okay we'll be out in a minute she leaves
okay my wonderful companions I have
picked us up a third easy job I know
we're all excited to do this it's an
easy escort mission the lady outside
owes a fair bit of copper to one of the
local gambling establishments so we're
just gonna walk her to her house have
her pick up her money and then bring her
back that's it it's that easy
you're sure walk it's that easy yeah
now you can tell this a little bit more
details you talked for quite a long time
I mean that's it is what it is if she
has to walk back to her house she owes a
bit of money to one of the local
gambling establishments we were to make
sure that she goes to her house
retrieves her copper then brings her
back and pays off her debts and then
will be paid a 10% sum on the amount of
money that she owed do we know anything
about this woman she's halfling she
Gamble's and she owes money that's all
we need to know okay well um I mean if
we get jumped we could jump
she might have people we don't know but
I mean it's as easy as you say it is
whatever we're kind of in need of an
easy job anyway um just before we take
off from this though we should really
decide I really do think our best course
of action would be to pay not guida
god damn it what was your name mother
Gilda Gilda um I really do think it
would be best to just pay Gilda the
15,000 copper or whatever and have her
go through and clear the ghosts we can
escort our there and then we can say
that we've completed the case to lighten
the load a little bit because it seems
like we're starting to become
overburdened with cases a lot of jobs
okay all right I do not know if she'll
go for it if we ask her again I'm afraid
that she's gonna get a little angry and
go to the go to the lady herself or
someone else god forbid well tell we
need a skilled order to convince her not
to do that that's why we have you daft
it's death that's why we have you death
okay whatever let's do it be sure she
seemed very uh scary intimidating yeah
well you know what jokey she seemed like
she wanted the job doesn't who doesn't
want to take a few risks you know she's
getting she's getting her pay should be
fine
cheap real quick he will want credit for
it
clerics we really get out that she did
it because she will say um would we
assume that like so we're going to a
place called what rusty Ridge what's it
called
rusty Ridge it's some podunk village
what would a village like this have a
cleric or would only large it unlikely
very unlikely okay how far is this place
we're going at it I said a day there in
a day back can I study they become a
cleric no clerics are sort of chosen by
the gods
thank you have to have been like tapped
on the shoulder okay okay I mean uh yeah
I mean I don't think there's anything
wrong with her getting credit for the
job I mean it's what are our
alternatives at the moment we either
we're incompetent I don't think there's
anything incompetent about asking for
help if we know that we can't do it on
our own I mean what are we supposed to
do with a mansion full of ghouls so what
were you what were you researching did
you just research how to expel ghosts
did you research that in general well I
figure it's unlikely that I'm going to
acquire enough knowledge in a couple
days to become a cleric so what I did
was I researched previous cases of
hauntings in the town to see if there
was anybody else whose knowledge we
could tap for solving these types of
problems
our clerics the only ones who can expel
goes up to my knowledge yes unless there
is some other class of caster out here
that is able to deal with these types of
apparitions are you aware of any no
Aaron three or four different hauntings
in this town I think mother Gilda was
involved with most of them or at least
one of them and then
other others were just solved by passer
buyers and oh well I don't know I don't
think it's a good idea I don't know what
to do
well we if we give the mission to her
what if we paid her off not to tell
anyone anything well we could pay her
the sum of the mission to work with us
basically as contracted labor we
wouldn't necessarily be giving her the
job we just be contracting could have
completed for us yeah but she would tell
everybody that we did so and then it
would be her doings not ours and it's
basically the same as giving her the job
well remember the last time you spoke to
her she said I want the contract well
we're gonna talk her out of that [ __ ]
or well [ __ ] kill her I don't think
[Music]
well if I don't think that there are any
alternatives there I mean what else can
we do um pay her off I don't think we
can threaten her we don't really have
much to threaten with I mean we have too
many jobs right now we should focus one
at a time
all right let's go to her and there's a
bad idea guys I feel like going to her
is the same as going just saying like oh
I think oh we can't do the job yeah
chance like it's the same thing if I get
a look I feel like Italy even look worse
because we went through her instead of
them I almost died last time I don't
think we can do job okay well there's
it's possible we are there's one
alternative that we could do here the
last time that we went I don't believe
we had our barbarian friend with us
Kaori no I swear to [ __ ] god you keep
slamming that [ __ ] Cup on the goddamn
desk
it's [ __ ] rattling I hear that [ __ ]
it's [ __ ] drop thank you I love you
um he's just angry today you break
roleplay milene is not with him so it
isn't okay stop
Aram I don't think are my barian friends
so I don't have knowledge of this but it
is pi is it possible to enchant weapons
temporarily can we get like a blessing
on our weapons that would allow us to
more effectively combat the ghosts
inside the mansion Neela are you missing
critical information about the ghost
that will allow us to solve this case a
lot more easily that we're just missing
right now that maybe you could help us
out in it maybe but if I do our I can't
tell you anything the answer myself have
not ever been in a COI boot campaign
before so I don't know if this is true
but it does seem unlikely that he'd give
us a case that we could literally could
not solve because we're under level
those are powered whatever I feel like
there's something we're missing exactly
I think we I think there's something
make more sense that we weak you know
what you know we haven't tried
what what what dying we haven't tried
bringing the mistress or anyone he knows
and trusts to the manor they the ghosts
never attacked them and they were the
ones who actually saw the ghost of the
the Lord who died silver horn we never
tried using them as bait or not bait but
that's one of the dumbest ideas no
that's a great idea
yeah we should bring the mistress we're
gonna do it because you said that we're
gonna do keep in mind we did bring the
the son or the nephew who killed him
yeah and that did well but the problem
is we didn't even get him to appear but
the action was for the miners yeah the
mansion was haunted before and the
people weren't attacked so maybe
bringing one of them might change things
Oh however we should see I don't know if
that existent dandy if you can like
temporarily enchant weapons or bless a
weapon I don't know if that's a thing in
the or not it is a third-level spell
call elemental weapon will do it
shillelagh will temper
early enchants but you have this what is
it like a spell solder can't trip or
what is it a can trip what the [ __ ]
Lily this is really helpful wait wait
wait wait well maybe well now we got a
lot more brute force yeah whenever we
attack any type of ghosts or apparitions
or whatever I don't know what the class
of thing is but they have resistances to
all damages unless I believe it's
magical damage which an enchanted weapon
would bypass so it effectively allows
you to double damage to all of these
creatures
okay wait can you click that stylus
input horn
why would silver horn not appear for the
person who killed him when he shouted
for revenge I don't know maybe want
surrender son did the wife do something
that he wants revenge on for the
mistress rather maybe we were in wrong
part of house well we've been to two
different parts of the house and we've
been attacked in both although for all
we know the ghosts that we've slain
won't come back so it's possible that
we're permanently reducing the
population of hunters in that area Wow
socially Lee has to be wielded by the
caster perfectly and then I think all
the other spells that enchant weapons
are third level or higher oh wait this
doesn't work this is only for the person
holding the weapon wait see what okay
elemental what if you can think of it
think of it well I'm using my one hint
oh no no don't do it quite oh I know
wait is it a hand for the whole campaign
or just like no wait no no no don't use
your hint yet because he was nodding
when I was talking okay but he does that
all the time
what about elementally what he was
shaking his stop appealing to the DM to
solve your case okay
stop I'm not I'm telling you're not
elemental
what okay
elemental weapon allows other people to
touch a weapon and make it magical for
some duration correct yes up to an hour
okay up to one hour this is a spell that
we would expect what a sorcerer to know
or who would have this spell a paladin
or cleric or great question if you bless
somebody oh say if you bless somebody is
that does that not make it magical
because you sprinkle holy water on them
whatever you give them plus one before
to hit okay it doesn't elemental weapon
is a paladin spell it looks like which
is gonna be hard to find paladin's are
super rare sorry to keep interrupting
this is all the potentially like combat
the ghosts right yep mmm do they only
appear at night mom we don't know yet
we've only gone at night so far we went
in the day once and you walked upstairs
and he walked around the house and then
you waited for them to come and they
didn't show up until night oh yeah
that's right maybe we can like Arthur
and me we go back the house I think we
should bring the family back ah then we
have to protect family maybe we maybe we
go back wait upstairs in bedroom mist
okey said last time he'd probably just
going around his normal routine maybe
maybe we set up an easy escape for the
family maybe this time we set up I uh
what's it called you know the rope rope
and then you ride like a metal bar off
that you know Lara Croft's work on
zipline yes what if we set up like a
makeshift zipline from the roof of the
house where we jumped that they can
safely make it out across the the land
and have a easy safe quick way out
what are we wait what are we
what she's planning on easy escape for
the family but I think so the plan is
just go in in the morning set up an
escape route for the family and then
bring the family and at night to see if
we can provoke a response from the
ghosts yeah I suppose but if we do that
we'll need to have an easy escape route
to protect them can't we just bring them
in the front and then walk them out the
front seems like I'd been pretty easy to
flee at any time no my I suppose yeah
well wait did the did the last time do
the ghosts follow us all the way out one
ghost came out after us after we killed
other ghosts yeah but they didn't seem
to leave the actual like premises of the
wreck like the instance the man or
whatever they didn't come into the
garden or anything okay okay I think
this is the best lead we have and we
should bring the family into the house
what happened to the cousin who is going
to be executed maybe we could question
him further we question it less if you
didn't do anything yeah no I think we've
used him up I don't think there's
anything but it just seems so strange
why would silver horn call for revenge
and then not make an appearance when the
person he supposedly wants revenge on
shows his face what if he doesn't want
revenge that he shot he said he wanted
revenge didn't he what was doing it
remember the direct quote do we remember
I mean he walked through a doorway
holding a sword in his hand screaming
about vengeance is what we were told and
the wife and the butler saw this I think
most I think a lot of people saw it any
multiple people saw it it's not
vengeance against the cousin yeah that's
what I was thinking maybe it's someone
else silver one wasn't Lord
I've seen many Lords send others to do
bidding hmm to do it for him good point
why would he be holding a sword himself
silver Horn seemed like the kind of man
from what we know to do things himself
um I don't know maybe you know the
mistress I don't think we shouldn't
[Music]
believe and trust the mistress in the
butler Foley they could be lying to us
about the exact clothes from the ghost
I'm not sure if I trust them all the way
but okay well how about this I don't
know what okay let's go let's see that
well first we need to escort this lady
to our home so that you can acquire some
copper and bring it back compared for
gambling guts so we have to do that
first
I feel many times in my life maybe we
just start you know we're not gonna fail
this one okay no I could we should give
up the Oh what if we can't give up the
lantern frame someone yeah by giving
them the lanterns that we have in their
houses and say we found them wait let's
focus on just one or two at a time
instead of all three let's focus on this
gambling mission in front of us okay
okay but we have to take care of that
thievery one very quickly in that case
look well we have some time on that one
since we already have that case have
solved anyway
and all right let's go all right talk
more about the ghost case on the way
let's go courting this lady okay you
step outside and there's me me hanging
out with Miriam me me me me me me me me
says this is Miriam she'll show you the
waiter own home toodles and heads off
leaving you guys in with Miriam this
sort of slightly bruised halfling she's
got like a cut over her forehead some of
her hair has been pulled out on one side
she looks like she's had a rough go of
it and she looks at the four of you and
kind of shrinks into her own clothes
because come on who seemed friendly uh
and she heads out head south hmm take it
you guys just go with her it's gonna be
a full day to her estate not her state
her her little village a little podunk
hole in the wall and let's see if we
have any encounters along the way what's
the conversation like as you're walking
with Miriam linnaeus hungry I would love
to talk to Miriam yes so Miriam what you
do you know people some money yeah yeah
you won't tell me about that I was up
and up and up I was doing really great
and then I hit a couple of bad spells
mmm and I knew what I was good for it
but you know I didn't have all the money
on hand they were courteous enough to
loan me some no thought I was gonna come
back and I did and and then they cut me
off your mom the life of a gambler
indeed so are you on any kind of trouble
after this we're just getting your
copper coming back that's it botta bing
botta boom you're good to go
mmm-hmm what do you do for a living
fish gamble no I did miscellaneous work
for the various people in the village
there's a lamb
well you're talking to the leader of the
various operations agency nice to meet
you I'm deaf nice to meet you yeah well
you know I'll help in the fields when
they need it or remove this from that
place to another or you know organize a
storeroom or helps it use miscellaneous
general day laborer or work cool cool
you are mostly a contractor kind of
person then just go wherever you're
called
if you want to be fancy about it sure
hmm do you know anything about ghosts
ghosts no why you uh you said that no
really laughter with a hesitation you
sure about that you know I'm just
wondering he's just an it's a question
no nothing my my cousin died recently
and you know I'm thinking about death
and you know that sort of stuff
what's your cousin's name leo oh you die
horse kicked him in the head
Wow horse were an ass an ass of a horse
well I'm very sorry to hear that
Miriam Thanks
okay koi boo
yeah I want to say something but I want
it to be said in like a joking way oh
all right um sorry I wanna I want to say
like well I'm glad I you don't have
enough money to pay anyone off to jump
us while you're escorting us to your
house that's a good one see I asked my
friends to back me up
wait how does Miriam respond it's just
like awkward they like haha yeah I guess
yeah that'd be really that'd be really
important it wouldn't it Miriam I want
to look at her in the eyes exactly keep
her eyes on the path in front of her
I want to use perception or insight or
something this is fishy this is too
straightforward we're gonna get jumped
something's gonna happen I want to use
insider perception or whatever I could
sure give me an insight check to see if
her awkwardness is awkwardness or if
she's just like awkwardly oh she's
plotting against you there's definitely
a trap on this [ __ ] Road you're
positive she's not making eye contact
she's looking up the road she's going
like this weird route where you're going
like a pill instead of downhill which
would have been easier and uphill
there's like another legend anything
could be around the corner
this woman is death you know what
they're both probably oh no the person
gave you this job is the one who's
setting you up it's a super grand
boozled you guys are in trouble you know
what Koivu I rolled low but you're
convincing me no that's what it is okay
well that's perfect
I'm telling you the truth but you know
that you rolled low so you're not gonna
believe me and then it's gonna happen
and it's all gonna be your fault I wanna
I wanna lag behind with toki a little
bit and say something
you see her here
I think she's she's up to something this
is really fishy don't you think I think
I think I think I think I think that
she's planning something Toki I really
do I'm really no no no no you have to
listen to me okay she was have to listen
to me talk I am 100% sure there are so
many signs she is going to jump us there
is no doubt in my mind something bad is
gonna happen yeah we have no listen what
signs
what wimp why are you yelling Toki okay
okay okay okay look when I was asking
her questions I was being very girls
things very reckless you know I pay
really close attention and stuff um that
she was looking at the road this is
vicious not meeting my eyes even though
I was trying really hard to make we're
here oh man this that's rusty Ridge she
says pointing to the nearby village
guard oh is this where party is did we
bring lanterns no party no you mean
balloons Lenny yeah but they're like
bladders that you fill up with air by
blowing and I was younger I used to use
a yeah the pig bladders to tie them up
with a string and hit him people over
with it but that's really fun yeah okay
let's go this is the small podunk
village of rusty Ridge population a
hundred and fifty ball park and Miriam
will lead you through the town coming
down this way coming on down you can see
various people walking about doing their
business they stop and stare as the four
of you well armed folks walking to town
with the bruised and battered and no
shadow I wanna mount the token they're
on to us Toki I'm serious she comes over
to this Shack over here goes well this
is my place but it's you know a long
journey back to town and not super I
guess the misguided break but you know
maybe we should rest here in town for
the day instead of walking back all
night I turned I was pretty when she
when she suggests that we rest here for
the night is there a way that I can do
like a perception check to see if that
sounds like a like a beta at all yeah
give you an insight check oh my god you
can do that I believe in you
um wait looking fine oh no she's just
tired of [ __ ] walking all day and she
does not want to go anywhere she doesn't
even have sandals on like her feet have
blisters she's torn up all over the
place she's dirty she's Haggard she's
exhausted she's been just been beaten by
people she wants one night in her bed I
feel bad good what I mean I can't hit a
game I can't I don't you know what I
don't think that's necessary Miriam I
think we're all cut out for walking you
know you could okay wait I'll play my
hand oh no one - gaffs
shoulder I think the lady just wants to
rest I think it wouldn't hurt us to rest
a single night here maybe we can talk
more about our other cases and say and
give him white eyes and say
and someone who spent a great deal of
their life in the underworld I promise
you this lady is not a part of it if she
had so much money to pay people off to
try to attack and kill us I don't think
she'd be having these gambling problems
in the first place I think we're Toki
why is deaf acting crazy I'm not crazy
Lenny I am just careful one can never be
too careful
haha yeah no not crazy well we don't
have an in here in town so you can use
my cousin's house it's empty right now
oh okay he's what do you mean miss Daffy
says he's careful what careful is always
good he means as your as your cousin is
your cousin eyes passages terrible he's
dead remember that cousin it's probably
that one it's probably where the house
is empty
oh good guy well no one will be there
with us so oh my god okay let's uh I was
so sorry Miriam um thank you so much
we will we'll be show you the house here
it's a shortcut this way and she'll take
you down through some trees down up and
down a slight hill past some gardens
over to the cousin's house which is
right here cool remember place is up
here where I'm gonna put her and yeah we
can just kick it for a night you guys
can hang out in house did you want to
leave a guard on her place they had been
talked about that I can stay with her no
nothing Lenny could be tricked but maybe
um okay maybe me and Nev it's cool wait
I wanna talk to my party about it do you
are we away from Moreno
yeah she's walked back to her house
never to really think we can trust this
woman
I think she's fairly trustworthy I can
keep watch over her house for a night
I'll be able to pick out any other
thieves or anybody lurking around here
and then in the morning good idea we'll
have a runner debt back to the gambling
establishment we'll be done with it I
like that idea
good job nevets wait how attractive is a
slight equipo did we roll for this for
Miriam's hotness yeah no Miriam please
roll I guess same species
she's a nine which is within the realm
of average okay yeah you go Lily go yep
go you guys can't kick it in town it's a
few hours before sundown wait do you say
in nine out of ten no no at nine out of
18 oh yeah you roll three six yeah why
do we actually take our first break
right here well you guys are settling
down for the evening in town and when we
come back we will sort out the rest of
our requests dance sounds good luck all
right you have to break everybody go
we're in guys oh hey everybody welcome
back to Dyson men you guys are hanging
around the rusty bucket it is the tavern
here in rusty Ridge there's only a small
room where they can serve your stuff
most people tend to take their drinks
and just hang out outside and chat in
the town square
it's a few hours before sundown Mia
Miriam's already passed out in her
little high on the Sun and here you guys
are in town or in town yeah is there
anything you want to say or do before
you crashed out and left in the morning
um can we like give a little towards to
go down like walk around a little bit
I'm sure there's nothing exciting yeah
we can walk around a little bit so you
can take your drinks there's no Tanner
laws and about we're just gonna follow
daph up here on the north side of town
we've got some animal pens and my god
personal houses and whatnot yeah head
over a little bit to the west and you
can see that there's some small little
farms going on here it looks like each
house maybe has like a small supporting
farm for it not like sprawling farm
lands which you might normally see in
rural villages you're getting the
impression that like these are probably
minor families of miners who you know
work in mines and then come home and
just have enough agriculture to sort of
support themselves a little bit where's
the closest mine here assume not our
mine right your mind would be one of the
like two closest or two or three closest
ones so some of the miners might have
lived here yeah coming on down we get
into the more industrial district this
is where the Tanners are going and the
butcher lives and those are some little
animal parts here let me bring it to the
ground floor you know this is where
people do their work so someone's like
cutting up a cow over here mmm
rush to the leather and there's some
workshops there like the one wagon for
the town is here that sort of stuff is
going on so dead body there shouldn't be
any I'm coming on down we get to Miriam
shackles put her in it and it looks like
a big warehouse or a big storehouse over
here and you're you come on back to
what's it's all about the past in that
warehouse the volume in cubic meters
quick let's see
don't make him get the body so you get
for being a smartass Murnau Steve get
that's in the wiki Matangi I want this
I'm a techie we know from the wiki
that's square footage is 1,400 square
feet cubic feet let's say it's an
average of 7 feet high
no probably an average of 9 feet high so
times 9 we're looking at 12,600 cubic
feet roughly is there any interior
shelving you can't see in through the
windows okay unless you go and poke your
head to it now that's okay I don't need
to know all right but when I start my
drug business
it's gonna be in this town okay yeah
this is gonna be a place we can head on
over to another sort of
not quite industrial area but here's
where the bakers are and some of the
wood cutters and other people that do
more crafts many oriented work and then
we can last but not least head on down
to more general housing for random
farmers and what's knots yeah
back to the place where you are and some
staples there should be some horses in
this past year in there that's where
what's-his-face Leo got kicked in the
head it's tragic
there are horses over there that's our
little tour of rusty Ridge tour I spent
all day making this map ideal like yeah
the farms look very nice thank you
cool so you got some questions from the
people around here being like we don't
often get Outsiders round these parts
what you doing in my town just talking
to all of us yeah we are escorting a
woman to our house we are here a mag of
Miriam do you know her she's a lovely
lady yeah I know her yeah well I've seen
even escort for she can't afford no
bodyguards remember down sometimes less
is better
we're here to show her about her cousin
yes that's a tragic tale man boy he was
drunk as a skunk that night he got
kicked in the head it was a right darn
shame so tragic you see I use this room
escort but I meant more as in s quarters
and we didn't want her to go along you
know what you know what I'm saying here
you know she's in distress she's in
distress she's grieving she's mourning
they would just be awful if she were to
make such a long journey back to her
hometown where her cousin lived oh [ __ ]
I gotta get some goods to market in a
week or two
you want to come escort me I did your
cousin died recently
No well then I think I think that
answers your questions so you just doing
this out of goodness of your heart
I want to tap my heart and say quite it
doesn't really buy your story but he's
not gonna press the matter anymore
thought you were leaving I live here I
don't leave oh really
outside of his house no you're just in
the market square everyone's hanging out
in the evening drinking beer and
whatever is I don't live here
so what's Miriam doing in where'd you
say you came from Oh what's a
mariaogtone again I'm so sorry chronic
chronic what's she doing out there
Miriam was visiting Quran week on a
vacation of sorts to try to get away
from everything it's so difficult to
vacation
maybe vacation was the wrong word how
the hell could she afford a vacation
when she didn't even show up to work
last week you know a lot about Miriam
yeah what's your business with Miriam
well sometimes oh she used to at least
help me with my potato pickin but you
know last week their potatoes to pick it
and she won't come out of her house just
stayed in there sobbing so you're uh
you're taking it up with us instead of
Miriam herself
I'm just making conversation huh he's a
small town very curious yes well uh well
we'll be on our way nice to meet you
what was your name sir Jeb JEB the
vinegar
[Music]
yeah can I have potato no he was wrong
anyway whether he ever made a you ever
made a potato scones ed Hales a scone I
eat a potato wrong multiple time any
time well then buddy I'll hold books all
the potatoes for you actually one copper
a tater yummy pop dumb yes sir
can you can you guys repeat that I
didn't I mean it fizzled out a little
bit you push him yes did Newton say do
you think I'm dumb and then today boot
yes he said yes you give him a shove he
tumbles back a little bit and walks away
from you he just pieces out he leaves
the room or leaves the the area he's not
good in to fight with this hulking
barbarian from out of town good job good
job money does he able to get box of
potatoes he left really good oh no
that's all his house we probably walked
I'm reformed Koivu not gonna do that all
right it looks like there's nothing else
to do here we can pass the night you
wake up the next day and you can head
back with Mireille she's hanging out at
her Shack waiting for you guys to show
up and it'll be a simple exit from here
okey-dokey all right let's return to our
overland travel and see what it's like
heading back to chronic no no encounters
that's an easy job in fact the easiest
job you've ever had
you just walk one place and then you
walked right back with no combat no
fights no disturbances you arrived back
in Kron with later that day and Miriam
is walking beside you carrying him a
bunch of money she's got like well how
should we say you know the size of her
debt you know it's ten grand but she's
really not carrying that much she's got
two small bags wait wait we haven't left
the town yet have we
I was just gonna skip ahead but if you
want to stay in the village well hold on
wait yeah not if she doesn't have enough
money where they would have to make sure
yeah yeah sure sure
uh so when you see her and you're
getting ready to leave she looks more or
less the same as she did before she's
changed her clothes slightly nicer
things she's got shoes back on now and
she just has two bags of coins hanging
at her side um
Miriam what's your what can you remind
me of the debt you must pay ten thousand
coppers is that how much you're carrying
there she nods yeah ten thousand gold Oh
do you mind if I take a look just to
make sure Oh
can I hold a goal I've never seen one
before she agrees undoes the bag from
around her waist that's just a simple
cloth bag holds it open and I guess
hands it over to you and then very
intently watches both of your hands yeah
we're not we're not trying to steal
anything
at least I'm not Lenny's just looking
like a kid in a candy shop he's
interested by it cute yeah I'm just
looking I'm Ida I just wanna count yeah
you both both bags each one contains 50
coins as is standard for a bag and it's
a hundred gold coins
okay so 10k Cup wait a second um wait a
second
Toki okay are you able to detect if
objects are magical or not
let me we're pretty confident these
wines are real right these aren't
counterfeit can we all grab a nice to
get that wait can I look at the lady and
ask her these aren't counterfeit coins
right these are these are real it seems
like you got this
100 gold pretty quickly I'm pretty
easily well I told you I was good for it
I'm good for the money
can I percept can I preceptor she want
to and can i yeah coins sure give me an
investigation check for the coins and
Stephen give me an inside check I'm
rolling like [ __ ]
sure enough yeah she's good for it she
had the money and she's gonna pay her
debts and that's she's being
straightforward with you Kay Torino they
look like they're the right size for a
gold coin cuz all coins are about the
same weights that changes their their
size a little bit gold as a dense metal
so there's smallish coins and they feel
weighted like gold and they look like
gold and if you kind of Nan them a
little bit they're ever so soft that
like your teeth impressions will be left
this is this doesn't this is a strange
right like you wouldn't expect to go to
such a shitty small village like that
have somebody go into an unassuming home
and just walk out with 100 gold pieces
right that's a little odd more than a
little odd yeah like it so that's a
pretty good sized sum of money for like
somebody in a village this small right
where do you oh my god it's one of the
closest Miriam where did you get all
this gold family money lend me after
after Leo died Oh what was Leo what did
Leo do
he worked in the mines for a while until
he chipped his knee and then he sort of
just did odd jobs around town as well
he's you know my cousin so my my my
father married his mother's sister so
that's how when we necked it he was a
human I
what uh what mine did you work in he
worked at Breckenridge is that is that
the one you were thinking about black
paw we're gonna say Toki does my insight
work to say if she's lying for any of
that
that previous net twenty role connector
tonight that is all accurate okay
when did your when did your cousin pass
Oh week or so ago anymore so okay she
meets your gaze but does not answer your
question um did and wait okay
can I do I know how much is that normal
for a minor to have like that much money
um so you're sure that waited Leah will
acquire all this money this is quite a
bit for a minor and someone who does odd
jobs dead men tell no tales I suppose
she says okay I mean sounds good to me
we should probably Mike doesn't does not
sound yeah I think it's fine no
investigate we're not in the business of
trying to make sure this lady has like
all of her ducks in a row just here to
get that money it's an easy job turn it
in no problem how'd she get the bunny
goodbye the money how does he get the
money well Leo died he died but he loved
her how does she get that honey went to
his house yeah maybe there's some well
or something maybe why do we care
are you asking her that I care I care
about how she acquired this money we're
just here for the money
I choose oh no Miriam yes what I get the
gold yeah he left you the coat how did
you know where to get it who gave a tape
where are you
finally all that stuff well what's with
the fourth degree this is aren't you
just supposed to escort me back to town
Miriam how did you get the gold
imitation check give me an intimidation
check holy [ __ ] it's adorable ha ha miss
Toki
kind of cute she's like look leo leo
buzzes oh man he did his own things and
um you know she died and the money was
left to me and it does it doesn't really
matter how about you me why are you
dodging the question who gave it to you
myself can I test from where I want to
tap tap on the shoulder hey Daffy if we
just leave maybe I can double back and
take a look through both houses and see
if I can find anything of interest okay
okay let's let's start the journey for
now yes I just I went to his house and I
opened his chest and it was there no
some gold coins I didn't count them all
there was a lot well how do you know
that you have a hundred then you had
more than lose what you have how do you
think I got into gambling debts but just
enough to pay back your debts how many
did you find in total with no majors you
think out I was surprised that he
married what you say you have no idea
how did you acquire this money no no I
don't can I say I think I read inside of
her and she liked NAT 22 all of us so
yeah I think she's been more or less
truthful where she's been cagey it's
been obvious that she's been cagey
she hasn't expressly lied to you or
skirted any truths but she you can tell
that she feels very uncomfortable under
this line of questioning and you guys
are leaving you said yeah Nemitz you
said you were gonna double back how long
do you wait to double back as soon as we
take off from the city
I'll say all right well hey I have to
drop off this letter and run an errand
in another town so I'll catch you guys
in Kron wick and then I'll take a
different path out and I guess I just
walked back to the city fine if it's
okay yeah give him a big hug together
Polaroid picture yes miss Toki you can
have all right and the party leaves hugs
all around for everyone
meanwhile nevets circles back and comes
back to town where he wearing headed
nevets let's see
so her house was listen you scrolled
around this map what was it this one
what's this one the one where your
character is oh this was her house yep
and then leo was nearby right yeah he
was on the south side yep this thing
right here right I'm just gonna write it
down for you Leo's okay can you not say
when I hold the music you guys oh wait
okay gotcha oh you okay
can I can I go inside Miriam check and
investigate yeah totally you step on it
no no I don't um what does it look like
outside of there a lot of people walking
around am I like pretty unnoticed or
there are a few people about you can see
them over here ish hanging out by the
bakery and there's someone tending to a
mule in this pasture up here okay Oh
them that like you can might be able to
see people through small alleys here and
there but no one will have a clear line
of sight to you okay can I like sneak
into the house like I'm walking by and
I'm kind of have my wits about me and
I'm looking around I don't want to just
like somebody's staring at me and I'm
like hey and then I like crawl through
the window or some dumb [ __ ] isn't it
you wait for no one to be looking of the
two people here and you can step in okay
all right once I'm inside what do I see
[Music]
you see a tiny one-room house there's a
bed there's a chest there's a stool and
there's like a bucket that you could use
to put your nightsoil in sure first
order of business going through the
chest what is it
the chest is pretty much empty it's got
some clothes in it you can dump them out
rip through everything really easily
another pair of Slyke oh I don't want to
like rip [ __ ] up or do crazy [ __ ] okay
get nicely sort of easily stuff tenderly
and carefully okay and then a knock on
the bottom for a false bottom or
anything like that no you can knock it
seems pretty solid you can move the
chest it seems solid
all right sounds good stand up going
through the bed lift up the mattress is
there anything underneath kind of Pat
the pillow Pat them mat by mattress
itself or whatever the material would be
there's a small bag of coins underneath
the mattress it's a it's a regular bag
filled with ten gold coins okay I'll
leave the bag in place then the stool
and the table or whatever nothing
underneath either of those but give me a
perception check as you go about all
this wait can I say something out of
character I just realized what not if it
affects the situation that we're hearing
no don't about it okay okay
no it's not advice I just realized
something
oh well should have realized it earlier
ah true true yeah this house is of
shoddy meek and there's a couple of
times where you think like oh my god I
found it false like you know this board
is squeaking but then you move to like
check out that board and like the next
floor - squeaking - looks like the floor
here is poorly built the bed is poorly
built everything is kind of in disarray
in an estate of
you know falling apart certainly not the
sort of house that you might have
hundreds of gold lying around it when
you okay and I'm reasonably comfortable
that there's not like a fake basement or
something right that the whole floor
isn't like a big elaborate ruse
you are not reasonably comfortable that
at all wait I'm glad you are not come
you're not comfortable with that
assumption there easily could be false
bottoms to these boards they are squeaky
and they move quite easily but getting
the board's like out would be kind of a
loud endeavor to be making Oh take a
tenderness to lift up boards and search
without alerting nearby people what kind
of tenderness are we talking we're
talking a sleight of hands check dc-10
okay yeah I'll go to the corner I guess
I mean kind of like using my dagger I'll
see if I can kind of like pry up like a
nail like something from one of the
words easy the first few boards come
naturally and there's nothing under them
just dirt dirt dirt and then you get to
one board that's a particularly
difficult to pry up with your dagger I
guess we've made an 18 I was gonna say
it's a separate DC 15 check but you've
already passed it you can pry open that
nail and sure enough as the board pops
up there is a small little dugout here
looks like it's a secret hidey stash and
in this secret Heidi stash is a separate
chest and when you open it yeah wait
[Music]
there's not like any obvious markings
anywhere around that I might say that
thieves might mark something to show
there might be like a trap or to alert
somebody to anything or anything like
that ooh that's very clever give me an a
percentage back to scout the area in
fact well actually so I have something
called Pheebs can I can understand a set
of secret science and symbols used to
give a short simple messages just
weather in areas dangerous of a
territory of a Thieves Guild whether
ludus nearby or the people in area are
easy so I imagine somebody would have to
intentionally made a mark or something
for you to perceive something like this
right there's no markings that are like
warning signs but there are things like
you could put a piece of straw in the
chest and the limit chest opens the
straw falls and if you come back to the
chest the straw is not there you
recognize the chest open there's like
okay little things like that you can do
what you'll need a perception check to
detect okay yeah um then perception it
is looks like there's no markings no
traps no warning signs of any kind if
this was the base of a good thief who
knew this [ __ ] then there would
definitely be some sort of markings or
traps or symbols or something going on
here and you find on okay yeah I guess
I'll open it up and take a gander at
what's inside inside are hundreds of
gold coins can I get a like a I I mean I
guess I have time right now can I take a
couple minutes to get like an accurate
assessment of how many are in here yeah
looks to be about 200 mm 200 gold coins
is that pretty easy for somebody like me
to carry it's just it feel like it a
Capone's okay yeah you can fill up your
backpack with it and just hope that
nothing hits you and makes it jingle
because familial jingles coins yeah well
thank you for those I'll take all of
them back with money okay how do you
leave the place
I mean I'll close the chest I suppose
and then I will climb up and I'll
replace the floorboard I imagine I could
do that probably put the flubber back
hammer then inland with the back of a
dagger or something and then I guess I
imagine there's a window here I can kind
of like look outside to make sure
nobody's looking and I just kind of like
slip out of the house and then walk
south I'm gonna go to leave us house
next damn door
Khoi boot you really handed this one to
us didn't you
actually this one's no more difficult
than the rest of them you guys just like
having to follow pick up on the right
clues this time around
no I listen that's cuz an image has
point on this one okay let me into Leo's
house I want to go in we're just stupid
this is not here that chest is not here
and you step into Leo's house and it's
pretty barren aside from the bedding it
looks like everything that could have
been in this house of value has already
been pilfered from this house okay I
mean I'll go do the same set of
Investigatory stuff I did in the last
house obviously being careful knowing
that I found a fake floorboards in the
last one so chest meds yeah give me
perception check yeah this one you can
find another false bottom to one of the
floors it's over in the corner of the
house underneath the piss pot it's just
a small little board that pops out it's
not even nailed down and in here is a
little hidey hole that is cleaned out
gosh
is there like an imprint on the floor of
dirt where it looks like there could
have been a chest or something or no
there's no symbol for what anything that
would have been there no like bottom of
a chest or anything it's also a little
too small to be a chest area it's maybe
six inches by 12 inches okay
yeah then I suppose I will replace that
floorboard or close the door and then
keep taking a gander out the window to
make sure nobody's there and then I'll
kind of slip off out of the town and
then I'll try to head north and regroup
with my people sure they've got a good
head start on you so it's unlikely that
you will run into them unless they get
really slowed down since I had already
declared the result of our last
encounter check before all this changed
I'm gonna reroll the encounter check
[Music]
nope still no encounter you guys will
arrive back in cron wick easy-peasy
later that day
should I be able should I be able to
reasonably expect to to catch okay wait
wait I wanted a question how er oh sure
laughs let's keep with the questions
then okay I want to ask Miriam mmm
so your cousin passed away after being
hit in the head by a horse
mm-hmm now how does that happen was he
drunk maybe
oh yeah well it was he narrowed to drink
uh-huh what does he know I mean was he
drunk if that's what you mean
yes it is oh no no he wasn't a drunk see
it was the week after the new year and I
head down to the the rusty bucket and he
was there making a mess making a scene
drinking his fill drinking a lot more
than he does he does beer oh um they
only make the one beer in town I know
where you're coming from it's fancy
pantsy and you got like these Belgian
things on whatever a Belgian is yeah you
got these like IPA things that all the
kids seem to like he got these you know
red ales and these brown out here we
just get one ale uh well what are wine
we don't make wine did he have wine
before he died you know wine hail Joe
sale yeah didn't find any wine bottles
around his house uh why are you asking
about wine I told you we don't make wine
in town I mean considering he clearly
didn't get his uh his gold away legal
way clearly didn't get his gold illegal
way so I'm sure he also probably didn't
get his liquor illegal way there right I
don't know if he's ever had any wine you
know we don't make it they don't sell it
so if he found one that would have been
on him and how much gold did you find
that he left you as I said I didn't
count it was a box a lot more than a
hundred I'm sure I didn't get into
gambling debts with you know a couple
copper in my pocket so uh how much did
you take with you
so three bags of gold yeah
so around 300 no haha oh okay okay
150 and then you also had a hunter
despair ah Leo apparently was a wealthy
man I feel awfully shameful that I've
already blown through so much money and
where uh you didn't know he was so
wealthy while he was alive right no I
don't like whether these questions are
going you don't know me you don't get to
judge my lifestyles okay now I'm not
judging you but I might be judging your
cousins depending on how this goes
um daffle word yes Toki excuse us Miriam
hey Dad you thinking what I'm thinking I
am 100% thinking what you're thinking
what are we thinking
all right we're all on the same page
we'll see what we'll see what never
never it's fine I'm sure if we're
thinking what we're thinking oh never to
find something so how are you gonna
plant those shredded lanterns on her and
frame her for the entire weight we're
talking really quiet right be letting
Lenny listen I only pulled that aside
like anyone's a vegan here it's okay he
hugs everybody but no one wants to talk
to him when he hears right Oh [ __ ]
I'm natural honey Lenny is in the
conversation by turns money and I
whispered no no no no Toki okay for top
secret we'll talk about
[ __ ] oh god I think I've ordered true
does my go something for ya
oh Jesus Christ no no I was like wow
it's a silent fire alarm did you guys
see that new star Guardian cinematic no
not the cinematic but I like the like
the skins I think uh I don't know I I
really like you know Zion archons
recalls they can actually see their real
star [ __ ] are we talking about League of
Legends shut up Steven that's in the
matter you should see it it's like the
songs amazing okay I'll listen to it or
I'll watch it I just think that their
skins look like cosmic like cosmic
remakes when they could be start
gardening hey anyway oh well is that new
I had forgotten that I put a pizza in
the oven during the last break and it's
been in for 10 minutes too long no
sprinkles is it you like you like your
crust crispy not this crispy I'll order
you a pizza if you tell us everything
it's a little late for that here but
thank you hey I would actually do it
anyway you know what let's just close
all right you know I I'm just just gonna
give that like that look like mm-hmm
yeah you know what am I meant you know
like okay okay boo mm-hmm okay
I am trying really hard not to metagame
here okay knowing what I know I want to
say Daffy would know to hang back force
nevets to catch up so that they can know
before they get back to the town so that
they might not give the gold to the game
you know what I mean sure so my question
for you is are you going to just slow
your pace to give them a chance to catch
up or are you going to come to like a
hard stop until he catches up I imagine
like a single rogue should be a
to travel a bit quicker than fast
so all this little our pace we can
pretend a trip or something you know
yeah for an hour
hey a single person can easily move
faster than a group of four
however Miriam is like she knows this
area and this route a little bit better
than anyone else so you're gonna be
going faster with Miriam because she
knows the way whereas nevus is trying to
remember okay so you guys gonna whisper
I want always okey and I want to say I
want to say yeah hey use your age to
your advantage
Heena good place to work or tired
anything I recently realized that oh
he's not actually like an old old lady
she's like do not I just like real
planets like she's just me being and
like no hamming it up all cuz yeah okay
that's so cute I can you know what about
like what if I'm like what if I have to
like really go to the bathroom like I
feel like take a dump at the side of the
world
you guys got away from me it's it's
pretty bad do you say that honestly it's
like in this day and age toilets you
have to go outside right new I'm gonna
grown and crumpled over and do it all my
stomach okay I wanna do okay I wanna
fleet at okie side and put my arm around
her and say Toby what's wrong are you
alright last night dude dude oh oh can
you guys give me like one moment please
you out of your misery Toki just give me
wait wait wait honey okay behind some
bushes okay and you take the longest
dump of your life oh dude it's bad I'm
making noises I'm like oh that's gonna
be this is a common thing something we
don't get to talk about in D&D very
often because it's an uncomfortable
subject but yeah people kind of just
[ __ ] out in public all the time
bathrooms don't have nice little stalls
it's usually just like a branch that you
sit over sit over and there's like a
trench behind you and you're sitting
next to your buddy isn't you're all like
well how's it going oh yeah looks like
it's coming slowly
looks a little brown down there you know
you can people [ __ ] in public it's just
a toilet humor I'm very good yeah
fantastic amuse myself for like a long
time and then eventually yeah you can
easily kill an hour if you've got some
sort of bowel problems coming on and
everyone gets it and no one really
blames you for it and it's not actually
a big deal so nevets does catch up to
you while
Toki is fo [ __ ] and there's some
real stuff in there too just Mona a
bunch yeah make little plop somes
we went far away right I want a
reasonable distance I see downwind of
this either so you guys give her some
space
cool cool all right
never catches up being in love it's nice
to see you how was the letter you do it
see I dropped off the letter and I was
able to make great time so I'm back here
and I'm happy to rejoin my wonderful
companions as we make our way back to
the city
I'll give them a big thing well uh Toki
is having a little bit of bathroom
trouble I'm done
hello Toki yeah and then let's uh let's
keep going but uh I'm a little tired so
uh let's let's load on the pace a little
bit I know we just rested for a while
but I don't know something just came
over me I think I didn't get enough
sleep last night
well yeah we drank a lot yesterday I
might you know be feeling a little bit
of the effects mmm yesterday so well
let's just slow our pace a little bit
you really won than counting I'll freak
you're right okay wait how far are we do
we know wait I think we could just uh we
can just walk to the city I guess I can
tell daph that I can kind of like
whisper to death like yeah like almost
there
oh yeah no yeah we're good yeah so I'll
tell daph like hey so I went through
that house and she had quite a bit more
gold left behind I'm not sure what we're
what to make of that
I might have lifted all of it but what
so she had some gold in her house she
had quite a bit more and I took it all I
don't know if how much where where so
underneath the floorboard in her house
and then I take out one person I think
she had a hundred gold pieces stashed
underneath the floorboards 100 hundred
yeah well I think she might um I think
she might be her I think her cousin at
least might be the person we're looking
for for the the mine thieving did you
find any wine bottles in the either
house no I didn't see anything like that
what I was missing in the mine and the
mission it was was it 400 gold the
missing lanterns and I feel like there
was a third thing I don't remember
wasn't miners tools or something or or
was it weapons or was just wine okay so
400 pieces of gold 16 lanterns and then
wine yeah I think there might have been
some other smaller things here in there
that were snagged but those were the big
items okay gotcha so they stole 400 gold
she went with 150 and is paying 100
right yeah I mean I don't know how much
his gambled so far but she said she said
she went or did she said she spent 150
is that how much or did she said she
went with 150 I mean say to say she
spent everything she went with because
she dipped in did well even if this was
true this isn't enough this is highly
circumstantial like we would have to
figure out who Leo was or why he had
money like that I mean I don't know if
we could just say that because
certain I'm pretty certain that Leo got
the money through a not legal practice
because he apparently was oh he was a
minor he was a minor at the mine not
black Paul but another one I mean I'm
pretty certain you can't be pretty
certain infer that unless she revealed
you some surprising information he could
have just been older maybe he didn't
spend his money maybe it was his life
savings like we need more information if
we really think he's a thief I mean she
seemed pretty flighty about the answers
for it to be easily explained she didn't
seem to know at all where he got the
money she's not that dumb is she why
don't you question her yourself
I mean I gotta ask her a few questions
sure does it matter how odd it seems did
she say anything else
she said he was really drunk when he he
was really drunk the night that he died
and she said that I think how did he die
again yeah I'd been worse
died by a horse okay I'll go up and uh
I'll go up in chat with her just sounds
like it's not a coincidence
sure okay um okay can I go can I come to
talk with her yeah she's leading the way
just kind of walking in silence what's
her name is Miriam right Miriam Miriam
okay I kind of goes up to her hey Miriam
right uh-huh
so this is quite the yeah we did Yeah
right or the one across the street or
something there was an empty house we
spent the night in Leo's house right all
right guys go yeah so Miriam this is a
kind of an odd predicament we're in
isn't it
excuse me I mean I guess maybe you know
I mean I can't imagine and imagine many
people from your tone
possess the wealth to accumulate this
much debt it's pretty amazing
yeah I hope you will keep that out quiet
if you ever meet any people from my town
again it's a small money than a lot of
those people making a long time yeah you
can imagine that so I don't know if you
know anything about our establishment
but we are the various operations
operations agency company and yeah we
take a lot of we take a lot of jobs
around town so you're not with me me
then no definitely not
I'm not gonna lie my parents were a bit
of a gambler gambling family themselves
and I kind of understand coming from
that background how crazy that whole
world gets that you know you make a few
wagers you borrow a few dollars and
before you know it you're in a whole
world of shady crazy people and you have
no idea how you got there so I'm not
gonna lie when um when Mimi approached
me you know I kind of had a little bit
of a soft spot for you and I thought
take this job to make sure that
everything's going okay I'm probably
over sharing a bit here but I just want
to be totally honest with you
it looks really weird from the outside
that you would have come into so much
money and it makes me wonder if the
people that are calling these gambling
debts might be more interested in where
that money came from than just getting
the money back from you
I hope not
that would be very uncomfortable I mean
this whole conversation is already
uncomfortable enough for me yeah I mean
I can imagine it is but I mean obviously
we're not tasked with investigating you
and we don't really know anything about
where your money's come from or what Leo
did you know at the end of his days but
that money was sourced legitimately it's
a really good chance that somebody's
gonna show up looking to find out where
it came from either because they want it
back
or they want to get revenge from the
person who stole it uh-huh do you think
that there might be something more to
Leo story that you might know about that
you're just not comfortable sharing with
us it doesn't really matter he's dead
well I mean it might matter it depends
on what the story is I will tell you
right now that our reputation as an
agency depends in part on the
confidentiality we have with our clients
of course a conversation like this would
definitely fall under the purview
conversation with a potential client so
anything what's purview anything you
tell me will stay strictly between us it
is on our reputation not to leak any of
the information that you tell us we're
not going to go around gossip into the
town now I can't say the same about the
people that you're running this 15,000
copper to 15,000 right so it might be in
your best interest maybe if you have any
more information about Leo maybe you
could let us know and there might be a
way that we can help you down the line
it sounds like you've got a decent
amount of money so of course we could
charge you a small sum for our services
but can you make me a persuasion check
this is pretty good I'm good enough
persuasion check I'll give you a free
advantage on it because you your smooth
talker okay oh yeah she goes there's a
little more to it he did wake
up in the night one night and just a
couple days before he died and asked
asked me to hide some stuff for him that
he had found some stuff some crates and
boxes boxes
what kind of boxes for these oh they
were sealed up but there they had a
little bit of a jingle when we moved him
a jingle like a fluid of some kind or
like a glass tapping on glass hmm did
you stash these in the village somewhere
mm-hmm huh
but don't you can't tell mr. Wiggins
okay
it's stashed on his land and you know I
sometimes do work for him which is how I
gots to do bout to do it mm-hmm he would
not be happy if he knew that I was
hiding stuff in mr. Wiggins house sure
that sounds great can we hear this I
think this is a private conversation
well you know hmm we don't usually have
any business it takes us that far south
but if we have some time over the next
few days just because we're working a
couple of side cases that might be
related to this will kind of take a look
into things and if I find out any
information about it I'll go ahead and
pass that on to you I'm not gonna get
any trouble right this is all Leo's
doing huh you know he took the point on
that too I just I just helped him yeah
as long as it stays between you and me I
don't think you'll wind up in any
trouble I would keep quiet about this
though because there might be some
people interested in that contraband
that you've got hidden on mr. Wiggins
contraband Wiggins well I don't know all
that I mean it I don't even know what it
is it's probably just Leo stuff that he
wanted sure but I mean we both know
there's a reason why Leo didn't want
that in his house don't worry about it
we'll take a look into it and I'll keep
you updated if I find out any
information that might benefit you maybe
you can toss a few gold pieces our way
and we'll call it even
and you ain't gonna say any of this
stuff to me me right no I don't think so
me me only contracted me to
bring you from your house back here with
the 15,000 copper and as long as you
have that me and Mimi are square okay
well thank you you're an honest man it's
hard to find these days this age honest
have fun yeah thanks a lot I try - say
this might be a little bit forward of me
but um I don't see anything on your
second left finger
why does she roll nine out of eighteen
thirteen is average she's doing she's
swooping yeah well you know the life of
a the life of a mercenary is a lonely
one but uh you know maybe sometime in
the future I've made enough money from
this business I could settle down with a
family but right now I'm just working I
see well do you have any uh do you know
of any good cheap inns in cron wick I've
already made put myself in a bit of a
pickle over there and I don't want to be
spending more money than I have to
he's really going for this one I do know
of a few cheap ends and you know man I
can definitely give you some
recommendations me and my party are
actually just headed out of town tonight
so we can actually recommend you to one
right as we take off but yeah splendid
splendid
okay I don't think that's the end of
that interaction good sounds ha and you
guys arrive in chronic you arrive at the
walls the guards give you the usual
where you been what you up to
you live here yadda yadda you can all
pass through no problem and
return her to me me wait should we just
return her and let her give the money
away wait what it's criminal agency
legit there's supposed to be legit
criminal guide go ahead good who's going
had me yeah give it use your mission use
my mission wait what am i doing
aren't you no just walking her to the
casino yeah yeah okay yeah yeah we're
Walker to the gambling area yeah I guess
I just need to find me was my point of
contact I drop her off for that I'm
doing sure you bring her back
Mimi's there she hands over the money
maybe counts it out then counts out ten
gold coins and hands them over to you
wait wait was she paying off fifteen
thousand or ten thousand ten Oh was ten
thousand okay so I get ten gold pieces
you get ten gold pieces the halfling is
free and me me thanks you guys thank you
so much for coming by and helping out
you know nevets if there's always more
work coming up so if you're ever
interested in some more labor come on by
and I'll be happy to find something for
you wow she's really into him no this is
a second one I mean they all are Gator
you know I mean okay well thank you very
much I'll make sure to uh I'll make sure
to keep that in mind all right
and then I walk out I leave all right
the party reconvenes at VII HQ and we
will take our second break and come back
on the other side with a little bit more
of dice and men okay ha ha wait which
shouldn't be with a little bit more of
of dice and run you said a little bit
more of dice and men with a little bit
more chocolate cake you wouldn't say I'm
coming back with a little bit more of
chocolate cake we're coming back with a
little bit more dungeons a drag
a little more Dungeons & Dragons okay
yeah I'll let you slide on this one okay
cool take one inspiration for that
alright we'll come back and welcome
Desperate Housewives we should make like
a house with real house husbands which
would be more like it alright anyway you
are back in cron wick you are meeting
button boa HQ you got some money ROM I
told my team I found 100 gold coins 400
but I think I said 100 yeah but you see
how many how much do you find actually
meta is 400 wait what no that's not 400
what the [ __ ] where you getting that
number from I said 100 you don't have
access to my coin purse yeah met will
Meadows not 400 met it was 200 but no
hey when we do this in a future quibble
I want you to deafen them okay I'm
pretty sure the money adds up because
I'm up to the money that was stolen
especially because I mean this is meta
but they were carrying crates of bottles
like come on right okay let's go back
and talk about event okay yeah so here
you are you're sitting in headquarters
okay um I put the bag of 100 gold in
front of me on the table okay so all the
money's in your full backpack I don't
have little bags
Koivu pouches for carrying coins
eateries extra like no one carries ten
extra coin bags with them somewhere
speakers not even a thief koi boo who
might need extra bags of he's pretty
gross you have empty bags in her
character she doesn't look like it it's
all in your backpack shut the [ __ ] up
mr. Martin I have ball bearings
thieves tools you can keep them in your
ball bearings okay I take out 100 gold
coins and I put them on the table before
me is that okay Corbeau meticulously
counted out every single coin so he puts
the backpack on the table and he's just
starts counting out gold coins and goes
100 and slaps it down no nevermind I sit
down and I okay
just you just calm down you're out of
control right now okay
mr. Bert what is going on in your room
that there's [ __ ] exploding and your
[ __ ] face our way does that
kateryna's camera okay the light is
distracting me okay no that's fine it's
beautiful okay there's a hundred gold
coins on the table okay and then I also
take out ten more and I say this is the
ten gold that we got for our job so and
I give it to deaf I guess because that
staff job so I'm to subtract enough my
character sheet okay so I was speaking
to Miriam yes ten gold coins
[Music]
okay so I spoke to Miriam and Miriam
said that it seems like Leo was involved
in some shady side business she told me
that Leo had come into a great sum of
cash but that Leo had also asked her to
stash some crates on somebody else's
property that sounded like they might
have held the wine glasses that were in
search of so we might have luckily
stumbled into an amazing tip we might be
able to solve the case of the missing
wine glasses and the money and the
lanterns if we can get to the property
and find these things and did you find
enough gold because what 400 reported
missing
I believe 400 was missing I think we've
recovered 100 of it she gambled I don't
know how much she gambled away total
well that was her debt now but we don't
know how much he gambled before then no
her debt now was 100 and then she told
me that she brought 150 okay
well it's possible that Leo might have
spent some of it maybe or maybe there
might be more stashed on either Leo's
property or
maybe stashed with the wine crate how
much do we have accounted for 250 and
then you found 100 so 350 yeah that
sounds right
you didn't find any more gone nope we're
missing 50 golden if that math adds up
okay okay well I'm 90% convinced that
this is our this is our perp okay but
what do we do with a dead perp um well I
mean I imagine if we can return the
missing supplies or we can at least
matter that much what do you mean are we
alone are we alone yeah he's just the
four of us if he's dead okay so we also
could plant lanterns accordingly and
turn those in as well and say we found
them in the same place maybe before we
do anything else maybe we should go to
the maybe we should go check out the
crates that were actually deposited from
Leo and see what's in them to make sure
that it's actually the wine thing should
we cases we have like the ghost one or
should we just give that away real quick
how much time reasonably left on that
ghost case because we've spent no two
days traveling again what is today like
the its 20th today is the 19th okay is
there any is there any gold unaccounted
for did you take it like are there
anything is there anything we need to
check actively at the lake to travel to
besides the wine suppose at one I mean
she had ten gold coins in a purse
underneath her pillow I left that alone
she might have other gold somewhere else
but and it was all in her house
umm correct it looked like there was a
place in Leo's house where he might have
had it hidden at one point in time but
that place had been dug out and then
there was a secret passage underneath
her house where she had this hundred
gold coins - so she was hiding it huh
maybe she knows illegitimate
illegitimate did she she seemed to have
an inkling that it was him
hmm okay well I think we can put this
off while we do our ghost stuff doesn't
look like this case is going anywhere
besides the wine right um it's possible
we don't know if other people might have
known where Leo stashed those crates we
don't know who asked Leo to stash those
crates more importantly so it's possible
that somebody could go back for the
crates that Leo hid or could they hide
him well it must have been within the
past couple weeks there or week if it
would have been a might they might be
gone mom well they're not gone now we
know that they should be there now
otherwise I imagine Miriam would have
noticed the missing so okay well um I
mean yeah how much longer do we have on
the ghost mission well here how about
this I can go and talk to the cleric and
I'll see if I can finagle her into
helping us finish the ghost case well
that seems to be the only option we have
left unless you have another idea our
option is bringing the bringing the
mistress and the butler to the house and
trying things out that way it wasn't
that our plane we can I think that's a
way better plan than going to the cleric
okay then we should write them and have
them come back it'll probably take them
what it like about a day to get here
right quite booth so let's do the wine
while they're traveling here yeah okay
sounds good to whaler's bay to tell lady
Sondra and all of them to come back to
Kron wick yep tell her that we're on the
cusp of solving the case we just need
those two to come back great do you tell
what you're telling her to bring her and
her whole retinue right all of her
assistants and servants and everything
or are you saying just her and the
butler I mean does she have any like
guards are they just servants just
servants so I guess we don't need
everyone right
you can also not matter like this
doesn't have to be a decision you make
you can just say come back and she can
decide who to take I'm just trying to
try to get the content of the message
clear what do you guys think I don't
think it's nice to say for everyone to
come right um I don't know dad it's up
to you
okay sure she doesn't have to bring
everyone you send the message out
that'll just be wrapped into your
monthly expenses so you don't have to
pay them send the message cool that's
the plan
everyone goes to sleep and wakes up the
next morning ready to set out connect to
Ruby Ridge - what what are you gonna do
wasn't it rusty Ridge rusty Ridge yes
thank you
Ruby is a little too uh clammy yeah I
think all we're doing for the crates
right anything else boys and girls
no I think that's it yeah all right
let's set out everyone has had by this
point two more short rests so you can
increase your hit die by two we did we
start a long rest or no nope we're on a
two-day long rest thus far right okay
yeah I guess really you know if you're
hiking over the mountains it's not gonna
be a long rest
oh you need to be like not doing
anything to truly rest okay I'm at full
HP I'm good
well um yeah me and um Lenny could go
and then you guys could remain here and
rest because we're just going to vary my
basically let some crates are there
keeping tabs on these rests though Oh me
and nevets go on adventure together only
one of us over eternal I bet you leave a
decoy but it's always him it's never me
what I just met because one of us is
gonna make a heroic sacrifice to save
we're coming back down it gives you
advantage on any one role but you have
to declare you want to use it before you
make the role so if you're late
this is an important attack role I
really want to make sure I succeed I'm
gonna take inspiration on this attack
role or I'm gonna make a skill chat
before the role battle where you say the
outcome before you make the role before
you decide to click the button wait is
that you yeah you came to hit die which
you can then spend if you want Oh anyone
this been won but it got me before
helped anyway so doesn't matter
cool so off you guys go on the way to
rusty Ridge
go to rest of rage wait is it just it's
just me and Lenny Lenny okay Lenny I
think it'd be a good idea to have an
understanding of how we're gonna deal
with these encounters okay
are you are you nimble large friend are
you able to flee monsters pretty quickly
or very athletic not very acrobatic I
mean you can run long distances could
you do you think you could outrun a bear
very quick yes not good
getting into tiny places okay we see
anything too big I think we could just
hightail it on out of there and not
stand around to see what shows up while
we fight off larger beasts so good okay
sounds good good alright so off you guys
go on your way
can I get a perception check from all
members of the assembled party sure easy
15 cuz that's what I'm rolling today
Koivu waiting in another 20 good one
it's two in a row baby whoa
that's quite good that's quite good
indeed so you guys are coming down clean
is Lily with us or do you need a long
rest okay
with you do you need a long rest yeah no
you have all your spell slots and
everything from the mansion you don't
you're not missing anything no we never
lose weight cuz we're just investigating
crates like we did long rest I think I
think we long we long yeah we long
rested between the first and second goal
encounter mm-hmm but there I don't think
there's any way we couldn't have long
rested otherwise because we accepted
this mission on the 8th of January and
right now it's the 18th so there's not
time for too long rests between them and
unless I my records are I'm sorry as
everyone here then yes oh yeah I guess
we don't need a long rest room wait no
wait none of you need long rest I'm
missing one level one I'm in a no way if
you're missing small son so you should
just rest we want because we want to be
like 100% if we do this go [ __ ] again
yeah we want to be 100 son we don't want
to die because we're missing spells yeah
Lennie and George do you are headed on
this journey you're coming down from one
of these hills into one of these canyons
when Lennie stops you puts out of hand
because wait we see down in that a
little ravine that you're headed there's
something moving down there
Lennie saw it for just a moment but
there was something large that like
brushed past a bush and then when Hooten
behind like a rocky outcropping you lost
sight of it maybe it was just the wind
maybe it was another one of them bears
maybe it's a sorne who knows what it
could be I saw something down there and
I wrote you want to take I would like to
make a perception check to spot this
creature it is already he saw as it was
just like rushing behind something so
there's nothing to see is it if he's
hidden somewhere would I be able to see
that would this where the eye for detail
apply here
starting at third level you can use a
bonus action to make a perception check
just about a hidden creature or object
what I'll be able to look at something
like hiding in bushes or is this just
totally out of sight completely this is
like behind a rock wall so unless you've
got x-ray vision this will actually wait
hold on no I don't have x-ray vision
okay okay never mind
uh can I see like the road that we're
traveling or whatever maybe I'm really
the path that you took last time you go
up over this Ridge then you come down
through this Canyon because this is like
the nice easy way to get downhill to the
area you need to go you don't know the
other route you might be able to find
one that this is the like fastest
easiest route to the place you want to
go okay we can I like scan done can I
like sit on lenny shoulders didn't just
be like a lookout do I get like bonus
you can both stop where you are and kind
of be on the lookout for things and I
will give you a bonus to your perception
yeah maybe we wait for 10 minutes and
Steve I see something again yeah we I
guess we can wait a minute you know to
see if we see anything are we like in a
reasonable area like we're not like
sitting next to like a huge rocky
outcrop or something and like sneak up
behind us like we're in a relative
clearing it's a it's a rocky area with
lots of cover you're in this sort of
like Canyon system of riah Canyon system
of rising and falling hills with large
rocky outcroppings everywhere so you
know yeah I mean I guess we have no
choice we'll just wait for a minute okay
guys
is there any cover that we can get into
I'll be wait in link watch yeah it
matters cover from what like cover from
the thing that you want to be looking at
cover from something coming up from
behind ever from something coming from
behind okay so you can like put yourself
to it your your backs to a wall so that
something can't sneak up behind you
unless it's behind you and above you
yeah yeah that's fine
you can do that
okay okay you do it three scene in hand
you wait for a little while and a little
while longer and just as you're about to
give up you see some more movement
stepping into view is a single troll
standing about eight feet tall its arms
sort of dragging near its knees its
hunched over a little bit and in its
left hand it's carrying this like large
crude weapon looks like maybe a broken
part of a bigger sword or maybe some
really weird crude sword from far away
excuse me from far away Donnelly nothing
yeah you would have normally found in
these parts
well whisper to nevets and say we should
find another path
Eleni I think that's a good idea you
can't talk to trolls can you know
okay Lenny I think maybe uh maybe we
should just dip out of this one do
trolls have night vision great question
why don't you give me what would be a
good check for this some sort of
knowledge check your wizard your druid
would absolutely know if she was here
but you can try to give me a nature
check Wow surprise surprise you're quite
aware that nulls have excellent night
vision I think it's probably best we
leave here and find another way around
Lonnie stealth away you can stealth away
you can gently pull yourselves back why
don't you both make me stealth checks at
advantage because you're already well
hidden
the creature is sort of in view it's not
paying attention to you though 15 from
Mouton stealth check from nevets put
some fun stuff check from Nimitz 20 yeah
you pull away from the troll without any
problem and you continue far enough away
from the troll that it's not gonna see
you along this ledge ball that that
ravine is down here the the nature of
the canyon walls are such that there's
like layers between you and the trolls
so it doesn't see you and you can't see
it but you come to the edge of this area
it's like high ground where you want to
go down and find yourself looking down a
fairly steep and tall ledge it's about
50 feet down to climb down this you're
going to need to make me an athletics or
an acrobatics check the DC is gonna be
15 because it's a pretty unsturdy
material it's wouldn't be difficult to
you to hold on to something and have it
just rip away from the wall if you fail
we'll roll a percentile die to see where
you failed and then you'll take falling
damage
or if you succeed you'll climb down
easily no problem what do you think
Lenny do you think you can get down
these rocks pretty safely about 50/50
what do you say buddy how brave are you
feeling let's do it okay
I'll crawl down first sure
athletics robotics easy you scamper down
you're so lightweight that you're
unlikely to pull any of these materials
away and before you know it you're down
the cliff no I could pull some away cuz
I do weigh enough I'm just that good
that I don't okay all right Lenny
wedding you could do it would I be able
to use you also scamper down without too
many problems and you both have bypassed
that section the troll was in and can
continue on the way to a rusty Ridge
which you arrived at later that evening
just after the Sun has gone down you
step into the now sleepy town can we see
where we were on the map so I can draw
like troll was here sure I mean it's
just gonna be like a hex yeah it's like
just knowing like the area of like
monsters that are in this is where it is
there's a troll in that hex where the
thing with Java is that you're going is
in this hex got it was the mining hex
crack a little mine credits the mine car
is where the mine is this is where you
guys are now okay cool
so yeah alright you enter into town the
Sun has already gone down a few people
are still standing about in that Town
Square area chatting amongst themselves
they see you all arrive and sort of keep
an eye on you you guys are Outsiders
here after all
wait what time is it the Sun has just
gone down there's no way that we can get
into this town a little bit stealthily
or if you would like to sneak into the
town we can do that too
I would like to sneak into the town okay
do you want or sneaky lucky to come and
sleep with you okay Lenny here's what's
gonna happen I'm just gonna run in I'm
gonna dig up those crates or see whether
hidden
make sure that the wine is in there and
then I'll come back and we'll head back
we just want to make sure that this is
the wine that was stolen from a mine
okay that's all we're looking for here
we should bring one crate um do show
I'll see how big they are otherwise I'll
bring a glass but yeah I'll bring
something okay okay yeah y'all wait here
yeah what happens if you don't come back
come on Lenny I'll come back okay
forever okay Lenny all right
can I speak into the town yep yeah so
you're gonna how do you want to sneak in
I just sleep like a [ __ ] I do
some sneaky as hell
I'm a little halfling okay yeah it's not
like waiting for everyone to go to sleep
this is like people are still up but I'm
gonna get in right now and get the [ __ ]
out so this is like low to the ground
moving quietly hiding behind bushes yeah
Metal Gear Solid 1 through 5 yeah that
kind of stuff yeah Medellin here perfect
all right give me a stealth check
regular stealth check it's just all ez
rolls today for me kwibi yeah rule 20
gobs are on your side today he is I
wouldn't go that far
where would you like to go um okay I'm
sorry was it Wiggins house Wiggins old
man Wiggins did she say he was a potato
farmer I can remember she said that or
not okay did she say that he was a
farmer at all
okay well can I walk up to one of the
houses and see if there's an inscription
on a mailbox or anything like other
letters like saying it no there's no
letters you're pretty confident there's
no one like there's maybe two people in
this town who are illiterate out of 150
they use pictures for words as they're a
picture of a Wiggins around here yeah
yeah real smart Cueva ah there must be a
city directory and there must be a board
in the middle the city if you're looking
for somebody to buy something from for
some everybody here just talks to
themselves they have no written language
these are barely [ __ ] humans a small
town and barely functioning cognizant
creatures they have no need for write
written word for most day-to-day
interactions population 150 everybody
already knows everybody and where
everybody lives and what everyone's
business is there's no need for
directories or Maps or street signs it's
a small town how many potato fields are
here there are well you can count the
number of fields this is the whole size
of the tap do they all grow potatoes
they do not all grow potatoes but if you
want to sneak through the town looking
for taters yeah fields let me make some
checks nope I don't want to do that
actually well wait until everyone's wait
just god dammit I just need a minute can
you go to the go to the other two and
I'll think about what I want to do okay
yeah all right
back on the other side of the world
hanging out long resting in town
you guys are surprised when you hear
music there's a parade coming down one
of the streets I love parades Lennie
would have loved them what do you do
that's
he's reading drama death hey there's a
parade yeah clearly the other side is
not working either Lily what do you do
at the parade great is it I look outside
the window
it's the Prince's birthday and outside
the window there are people on brilliant
white stallions holding banners tossing
small bits like copper coins into the
streets tossing little bits of baked
goods into the streets for people
trumpets are blaring people are cheering
it looks like it's going to be an
all-day party Wow can we go say happy
birthday to the prince yeah you can you
can't sing it on the stream because that
songs copyrighted but you can go ahead
and sit if you want anymore because all
the restaurants can say happy birthday
now I thought it was just the tune that
wasn't but the words that are I mean I
go to every restaurant you know they
used to have to come up with their own
bull should I be birthday but now they
all sing happy birthday
happy birthday and so on fine did you as
you please I'm a very creative bard
anyway I would never sing okay sure
are we gonna go to parade it sounds like
you guys are so excited to go to the
parade that we're actually just gonna
switch over to people who are doing
other things wait but didn't you didn't
you just hear me I was ready I was gonna
come up with a song and everything I was
I do it I don't feel it I don't feel
like a Torino why I don't know you just
don't seem into it to me I was just
gonna move on to someone who wanted to
play games with me Dom stirred as if
Steve pays attention when he when your
other people are playing okay hey Torino
what is the parade for again wait what
is the parade for again the Prince's
birthday [ __ ] what
in the game right now it's the 18th 19th
now
well 2020 at the end but close enough
yeah ok ok ok wait ok I just know that I
see your favor ok
it doesn't go over my head I may be
short but not a sort of Steven alright
good 1k torino you really want to play
right Steve go ahead yeah I've always
got a plan I'm nevus that's what I'm
paid to do ok go for it ok can I wander
into the the center of the city square
yeah you sneak on no I want to walk in
who who's about right now looks like
just some of the people that live in
town or hanging around in the town
square over here just drinking some beer
and chatting about the day looking at
the night sky it's a the night tonight
is the full moon so the full moon should
be out about right now sounds good um ok
I would like to I'd like to approach a
random person who looks approachable so
not anybody with any overwhelming
weapons or attitude or whatever maybe a
nice looking woman that looks friendly
ok friendly the serving girl wait rusty
bucket yeah is there like a bar like a
tavern the rusty bucket yeah I want to
go to the rusty bucket and talk to the
wait the bartender owner person sure do
you walk on in and there's Tonya the
proprietor of the rusty bucket and her
daughter Jenna who is the the serving
girl and Tonya gets you away every goes
well weren't you just here the other
night
well come on back to the rest of bucket
what kind of gets you I hope it's a old
cuts all we've got hey you know what I
wish I could stop for a drink but I'm at
you're looking for somebody right now do
you know if there's a or do you know
where mr. Wiggin lives around here
ah sure shooting I do he owns the store
house just down the way just down the
way she gives you a she points actually
uh-huh it's just it's that tall building
over there next to the hill
what is she a tall building often I've
seen a lion doing a drawing a line yes
but which and what's which part is the
buildings at the big warehouse yeah it
is I'm glad I got the volume of that
earlier okay I'm ready for this one
okay oh and then I asked you know if
he's there right now actually owe him a
couple pieces of gold and I just wanted
to run this over to him real quick
before I head out of town she pokes her
head up building sort of looks around
goes well he's not here he probably is
in it his house it's on the hill right
next to the store house on the hill can
you point that one out to me Boyd's it's
the one on the hill the hill
okay awesome thank you what was it Talia
Tonia Tonia Thank You Tanya I appreciate
it have a good day you too good night
now good night okay I dipped the [ __ ]
out of that tavern and I make my way
down the street and I'm gonna bide my
time until it's night super it is night
very nice super night you can where do
you hang out while you wait for night
what do I hang out well I mean there
should be some sneaky place for me to
hang out well you just tell me where you
wanna hang out okay
listen as part of my thieves cut I
should be able to find theirs or whether
the people in an area are easy marks
that will provide a safe house for
thieves on the run all right Oh actually
wait I'm sorry I don't need this [ __ ]
all hang out at Lewis house there you go
there you go also I know it's empty yeah
time tables here am I here on this night
where I'm here Miriam should be still at
cronic right she said she was gonna stay
in Kron wick and after you guys checked
in and got your pay she was still
talking to the gamblers and you split
ways and you didn't see her again okay
sounds good
all right I'm hanging out Lea's house
then all right you wait hours pass yep
the moon rises to the zenith so you know
it's the middle of the night educational
wait what's becoming increasingly what
Lenny is becoming increasingly worried
oh man Lenny's fine just sure Lenny damn
he's I'm chillin but the whole day it
hasn't been a whole day - in a few hours
right we already got in and it was like
nightfall right
was it nightfall when we got in yeah it
was dark money is less worried good job
Lenny just watch the rabbits okay
yes okay all right okay
good night everyone's gone everybody's
sleeping yeah yep all right I leave the
house and I go to the storehouse I'll
look for an entrance in the back or some
place it's relatively obscure I guess
the rest of the town it's possible for
this place nope there's only the two
front doors okay whatever I mean I'm
gonna have my eye on mr. Wiggins house
yeah okay yeah to make sure that he's
not like sitting out in the front porch
or like looking out his window like some
creepy old man or whatever
no his house is dark from it the doors
are both shut okay yeah then I'll go
ahead and sneak on into the storehouse
and take a look all right it is a cool
winter night as you approach the store
house the front doors right here have a
padlock across them
and this side door is shut with it
looks like has a keyhole to open it but
you know you don't know if it's locked
or not I'll try that it is which one
looks easier to lock pick the big
padlock well then there are no windows
around this entire pace our place the
windows are very small you can see these
a slight variations every so often yeah
they're just like you know they've left
out like a line like one section of
bricks too small for anyone to squeeze
through there's no glass over them it
just allows air flow and some light in
all right we're a lock-picking what is
that a sleight-of-hand oh right
that that's gonna be a sleight-of-hand
this is a common lock so you're looking
only for a 10 which you pass without any
problems and you can slip on in through
the big padlock here into the main
warehouse okay
so I guess when I go in I see a lot of
crates everywhere
so the first question is gonna be are
all of the crates of like a certain make
and then are there crates that stand out
like maybe crates it look a little
foreign that is a great method of
Investigation if you didn't already have
inspiration I would give you inspiration
for just asking that question thanks
Koivu unfortunately in this situation
this guy is poor as [ __ ] and he gets
crates from wherever he can get them so
they are a hodgepodge section of crates
okay and none of the crates it's not
like a lot of these crates are worn down
shitty pieces of [ __ ] or Dever and then
there are a couple of like highly
reinforced crates that look like of a
higher caliber that don't belong here
well why don't you give me a perception
check as you go around looking for newer
crates crates that stand out and sure
enough yeah you see tucked away deep in
this big-ass pile here kind of
underneath a few things there's some
definitely different quality crates
something a little bit nicer Oh looks
freshly made okay am i able to kind of
scoot some crates around and then take a
look inside yeah and stamps on the side
of one of these things is the symbol of
black paw mine it's a paw in black ink
inside of like a cave entrance with some
little railroad tracks coming out of it
okay am i able to lift the top of this
crate and take a gander inside it is
nailed shut
you can try and pry it open with your
dagger yeah I'll do that what do I need
for this sounds acrobatic give me a
stealth Jack just you can do it it's a
matter of doing it quietly
yeah your soul is very loud Steven okay
eighteen it's quite someone would have
to become the building you you pop it
open and sure enough there is wine in
there it doesn't look like this was
meant to hold wine it looks like
somebody has just taken a crate and
shoved a bunch of wine bottles in it as
haphazardly as they could and then like
shut it again gotcha
haha am I able to like take one of these
out reasonably and like stash it on my
backpack organize like massive okay yeah
can I take one yeah a regular-sized wine
bottle that you might find in any modern
American grocery store okay what is the
weight on this I'm adding it to my
character which is a yeah two pounds for
a bottle of wine I don't know three
pounds all right yep added okay regular
wine bottle hmm okay um I guess I will
do you have a do you have a bonus
unlocks you've already picked like you
remember how you picked a lock so you
can pick it again easily or no I think
we'll just say if you've picked it once
you can pick it again automatically no
problem unless some sort of
circumstances change
okay can I replace the crate so that
they looked untouched like they were
before yeah yep I want to call for a
skill check here just to make sure that
everything is placed back just perfectly
why don't you give me an investigation
check just to make sure everything is
replaced exactly perfectly perfect
I would only if you'll if you rolled
like a 1 through a5 I would have had to
make a perception check to notice the
movement but ok they're not this is not
a high-security area right this is a
place that people come and go and I'll
slip out of the storehouse I'll replace
the padlock and then I'll go find Lenny
in the fields I guess and find Lenny
Lenny what have you been doing Lenny
he's just been chillin waiting eagerly
waiting to go back cool well here he is
he's arrived Lenny
welcome back okay Lenny I'm not sure you
should do I need to tap your big brain
for this one okay okay how many how how
much like wine
could we reasonably carry these crates
out of here no I think the crate can be
carried between two people it's not
particularly big it's maybe two and a
half feet by one foot hmm and you saw
that they were at least four of these
sized crates gotcha
so you would need like a pack animal to
haul them all out but you could take one
out or you can each take one out hmm
okay Lenny I think I found all the
missing wine but I'm not sure what we
should do now we could go back and we
can tell the party we could bring him
back here and figure out what to do or
we could confront mr. Wigand directly
tell him we know he has a stolen line
and then ask him where he got the wine
from what do you think we should do
Lenny uh maybe we go back and tell the
prince where the wine is that way he
deals with it we found it now we could
tell the Prince that but now this is a
hypothetical that means uh like we're
playing pretend right now what if the
Prince came back and he found the wine
but let's say he didn't find the
Lanterns
now I'm not saying we did anything bad
but the Prince might think that some of
those lanterns went missing because we
took him
so I don't I don't know if we should
tell the Prince Lenny I think we should
keep it between ourselves for now
now we put too much too much okay let's
go back and find the party Amol well oh
man
Lenny of those crates go missing we're
gonna be in big trouble maybe we bring a
box back one um we could but I think one
box going missing is gonna be real
obvious to mr. Wigand over there I mean
I guess he knows they've been down here
this long they should be safe yeah let's
go back to the party I think that's a
good idea Lenny okay okay that's what
we're doing all right Wow nemesis quite
the smooth talker let's do our nighttime
encounter checks so you'd bothered to
ask about that that tile when you come
back to that same area where now you
have to go up hill past for that area
where the troll was are you gonna pass
through it or are you gonna take the
long roundabout climb again take the
climb again take the climb all right I'm
gonna need this it easier to climb up
something right than it is to climb down
yeah it's gonna be the same exact check
as a climber myself I'd have to disagree
but all right Lenny you could do it good
luck Lenny goes first Lenny give me a
g100 wait what
what are we rolling foils jeez we're at
where like something [ __ ] up so 65
percent of the way up to 50 feet point
six five times 50 is 32 feet up Lenny I
don't have time to catch myself you will
when you hit the ground because you're
some ways up and you grab this section
and you pull and then the whole Gotham
falls backwards with you as I'm falling
I do you do what I rage she raged min
here midair I'm upset anyway good night
yeah ah this is a very interesting
question is it a bonus action to rage
yeah is an action to rage believe it's a
bonus act wait what is the damage you're
rolling what is it three to six it's not
that much oh right yeah while he's
struggling to get to the top I very
quickly and easily make it from the
bottom of the top without a struggle at
all
[ __ ] let's see so it takes a second and
a half to fall that distance do you know
if it's a bonus action to rage or if
it's a full action I don't know how to %
but I believe it's a bonus okay we're
gonna we need 100% burp yeah I'll look
it up you can deal with him why when you
turn you enter as a bonus action bonus
action
so can you rage while you fall in battle
you fight with brown ferocity on your
turn you enter a rage as a bonus action
does that mean you have to be in combat
I think you gotta be fighting something
I don't think you could be like I'm
following up raging Zoe Fighting Gravity
well you one could argue that Lenny is
pretty dumb and he also knows maybe I
dunno
Letty's no I think you gotta be in a
combat situation I don't think you can
rage in a response to like I don't want
to take damage weakness we should roll
perception if he rolls low enough maybe
he thinks he was attacked there by
putting him into combat
there was a stroll nearby earlier yes
you take falling damage nevets similarly
give me a D 100 to see how far up you
made it before you fell 20% only 20%
okay that's only 10 feet so nevets you
will take 1.2 falling damage and Lenny
you're gonna take 5 6 points of falling
damage
how much Oh six no not 3d six no because
it's a percentage how much damage do
toki and i take while we're bustling
through the crowd on the way to the
parade wasn't that interesting enough to
go you're like oh look there's a really
big party [ __ ] it let's just stay at
home okay I would like to clam up again
easily with ease this time scamper up or
down side you get to the top Emperor
Lenny
wait as well um why don't I rope cuz let
me do it sorry I actually clicked exit
all right wait Lenny do you've any we're
open your backpack no ah there yes there
he is the big boy you'll scramble back
up to the top and as Lenny is making his
way back up nevets can you give me a
perception check yeah all right so you
spot this troll coming round it comes
out of that Canyon and it pops around
the corner and it's looking and Lenny's
maybe like 6 inches above its head but
the troll is looking down for something
on the ground and it comes over the area
where the Warhawks have recently fallen
in starts like sniffing around and
starts licking at the rocks and then it
looks up and it's it can spot Lenny just
as Lenny's legs like reaching the top
and he's pulling himself over and you're
looking down at the troll and the troll
looks up and sees Lenny's legs moving
over the ridge and then the troll
reaches out to begin to climb and I
think now is when we should enter combat
Oh mister oh I should have round um I
should got a sneak attack on him right
he is nowhere near as yet what no he's
no wait he's directly underneath us when
he's nowhere near us yeah below you okay
a short bow well then so you know why
don't we just say this is the ridge that
you were climbing up why don't we wait
why don't we just walk around it koi boo
I need a new map okay no no I'm just
kidding it's fine we're fine okay why
don't you both roll some initiative okay
well wait do I get a sneak attack
I share a bonus attack we're gonna start
combat roll roll initiative right now
and if you go first you can make an
attack but then that's not a sneak
attack that's not a boat of the day I
think the troll didn't see him right now
he didn't Rahl saw your legs coming over
but if he's looking down that it's
possible that the troll saw him as well
right oh I should get do I get advantage
on these shots since he's like climbing
and distracted you will have advantage
because he is climbing yeah yeah can I
get an initiative role for Lenny I
believe it roll any of me select your
character when you roll God clicked my
character and I rolled it actually I did
the top left button 0 1 2 yeah sure
that's fine it is all the way around so
nevets
is gonna be the first one to act okay
I'm gonna go ahead and take a shot with
my short bow does the 13 hit
I hear you hear it I don't hear it I
don't hear anything
let's try this again that's good there
we go
a 13 will indeed hit the troll roll me
some damage 7 plus 17 and you can get
sneak attack on him because you
advantage on the attack perfect all
right
the troll takes the damage just as it
begins his climb also should he have to
make some sort of a constitution like
saving throw as he's climbing taking
damage in order to maintain his grip on
the rocks sure but he hasn't even had a
turn yet he's like pressed up against
the cliff he's about to start climbing
and then you like hit him in the
shoulder hmm
ok quavo this is a 50 you said this is
50 feet yeah 50 feet
big rock nearby you can find a rock yeah
there's a this sucker right over here
that's a big-ass Rock yeah oh well I
can't leave what this is this Matt we
should've went the breaks map isn't
doing it for me you said you liked this
map um you know what I feel like there's
there should be like a like a little
like rock here or something like I don't
know like and there's no Boulder there's
no that's not I'm sorry there's just not
make your own map what's really like let
me like alright um theoretically could I
go here grab this rock and come back can
I pick up the video now with you could
go here pick up your walk and then come
on back
sure yeah that's what I'd like to do
sure that's gonna be your entire Turks
fine and I'm gonna hold the rock all
right wait I'm gonna take a few steps
back from the ledge okay well I can't be
pulled you've got this like 60 pound
rock in your arms wait and you're
stepping right off the edge of the
letter right no a little bit away from
the edge yeah well further far enough Oh
50 feet and don't wait that's fall no
you cannot stand there can I stand here
and I would assume that he can't just
like grab me he can't make the gun he
can't cover that much ground it's 50
feet to climb right he can't do that in
one round unless he's got his hands on
androids yeah he climbs at half speed
and his movement speed is 30 so if he
climb if you double moves he can climb
30 feet in this round thank you yep he
has to make his acrobatics or athletics
check which is gonna be this and the
troll easily hand-over-hand begin
scaling the cliff and then it becomes
nevets turn the troll is three-fifths of
the way up okay
oh we run like the grid mode I'm trying
to jump off but like yeah I take a stand
over here and then I'm gonna go ahead
and take another shot my shortbow
advantage because these climbing's 18 is
gonna hit him take six damage and
another nine I forgot
actually increases HP comm metagaming
all right so he takes some damage and he
will have to make another athletics
check to keep climbing to maintain his
grip as he goes 20 is gonna be fine the
arrow hits him on the side the troll
grunts and keeps going Lenny it's your
turn so I'm going to try to drop the
sixty pound Boulder on him and in hopes
that he would just like my sole goal
isn't like do damage to him directly
it's like [ __ ] him up from climbing yeah
I hear you
so make me a regular attack role at
advantage against the troll a dexterity
based attack role it's a missile weapon
all I have is strength so what do you
want just roll make a regular attack
roll and we'll subtract two from the
answer because your dexon strengths are
slightly off slash roll one d20 okay
plus so this gonna be plus three to this
which is a seventeen which hits the
troll tolls twenty feet beneath you and
you were dropping a heavy boulder on him
so roll me 3ds to d6 falling dam to d6
damage for the boulder hitting it 1q
Nick the troll you barely grazed the
troll with the rock so I'll just give
him one more athletic check to see if he
holds on which he doesn't the troll
topples to the ground hitting it below
and then with the rest of my turn I'm
gonna walk over and find another rock
I'm guessing I can grab nope that was
the only rock wait this isn't know that
this is not another rock under it that's
the same rock the map doesn't change
oh okay I'm sorry I thought this was
around here we go there that was your
one rock there's no more there's only
one rock on a mountain everybody there's
only one rock of the sizes yeah Lenny
just keep him from coming up over there
attack him falling damage oh good point
he does take falling damage he will take
well since you did it why don't you roll
me another 3d six we do large monsters
take more since they have a higher
density they probably should but they
don't
oh okay yeah that's okay all right
trolls turn comes around here generates
a bunch of HP trolls regenerate every
round and he throws himself at the wall
and begins to climb again
trolls are not known for their smoothie
we've run he gets most of the way up
okay Nevin Lutheran comes about yeah
we'll see maybe Lenny one more shot
that'll hit seventeen damage whittles
them down he's got two arrows sticking
out of his side one sticking out of his
top and the troll makes another climbing
check oh he's too good he keeps scaling
the walls Lenny it's your turn wait hold
on um yeah sure it's his turn our gonna
rent I rage and I reckless attack he
won't see if he's feet are 30 feet off
the ground and the troll is about seven
feet tall he's got really long arms it's
called as reach 15 feet you know culture
hands are about five feet below you yeah
you can totally make an attack roll
against him I'm gonna say it's uh not at
advantage though because he is awkwardly
low but he is also climbing so the
advantages and disadvantages just say if
I do that called shot it is like hand so
I'm trying to like [ __ ] up is like a
grip on like the wall to make me fall
down I mean the hands the only thing
that you can attack okay cool he's gonna
make a check anyway so just don't miss
her [ __ ] um I'm gonna do it as a
two-handed source of fine
remember you have inspiration as well by
the way wait don't I have advantage
because I'm reckless attacking and then
I would already have it whoa
yes well in a situation hmm so I'd have
one advantage for him quite Ivy rules is
written if there is more than one
advantage and more than one disadvantage
they just cancel like even if you have
five advantages and one disadvantage
it's just a wash what if I use
inspiration I will let inspiration
overcome the wall I will use my
inspiration go for it two-handed sword
and 22 you hit your two-handed sword
sinks into the trolls hand
slicing it around the hand down the arm
seven points of damage sorry it's
because I was raging it'll fix the
damage to save her eye you can add two
to the seventh I think oh yeah not to
Sarah No
all right the troll takes a bunch of
damage as you split open his hand and
arm and immediately loses his grip and
falls again
give me another three d6 what role is
not in a good position all right
the trolls turn comes about he regains
10 HP no trolls are dumb creatures
they're not smart they're used to brute
forcing their way they're used to their
enemies not actually being able to kill
them because they'll regenerate so much
but this is a lot of damage and he
hasn't even gotten to you and are you
really worth this much pain and
suffering the troll is wondering to
himself when he makes a morale check and
the trolls decides you guys aren't
[ __ ] worth it and turns Agassi was on
the square and is gonna spend his 60
feet of movement getting away from you
guys so he goes over there 60 feet and
net it's 30 plus 34 in action actually
hold on he's got to stand up so he gets
up that's 15 feet he moves 45 yeah oh
well in that case you probably should
have let it's fine it's fine I think he
took too much falling damage but it's
okay he ends up over here is this within
like um Oh God my short bow ranges are
80 and 320 so I he's still within like
good hip range right okay he's easily
within a BPM now there's a tree between
the two of you so you'll have a minus 4
to hit because of the cover from the
tree what are you talking about um okay
can I um
can I go ahead and I'll use insightful
fighting this is so I can use my sneak
attack I need to make an insight check
against a creature contested by his
charisma so my insight check is 13
he needs to contest with his charisma
okay my short bow shot so this will hit
so it's gonna be 7 plus 7 of course 4 is
11 which is a hint and you do 14 damage
control is badly wounded
now there's an arrow sticking out of the
middle of his shoulders that he'll never
be able to reach left to go get his
troll wife to pull it out it for him I
toss some rock at him wait the small
rock can I am how much um how much can I
reasonably move like forward link using
30 feet well like well I can't because
I've got this cliff right you could jump
off the cliff and duck and tuck and roll
but you can still only move if I jump
and tuck and roll what kind of damage
are we taking here 5 to 6 let him go why
do Center yeah that's it Tillich rollin
on fire and I can't like walk down the
cliff and do an acrobatic check again
you can take an acrobatics check to move
down at half your movement speed and
it'll take you two rounds to get down
Kaiba um I'll just stay here I guess we
can't kill it go Lenny it's your turn I
start believing Lenny throw a rock oh
wait I wanted to throw a rock say the
troll is 65 feet from you the will say
rocks and daggers have similar distances
I think you're gonna be at long range so
give me an attack role at disadvantage 1
d29 do 20 20 plus 3 because it's a decks
based attack and they have one decks
that yep that's 1 plus 2 4 proficiency
bonus because you're proficient at
throwing rocks God okay cool well oh I'm
gonna reckless attack do you get xp for
partially telling things you get a big
for defeating creatures you don't have
to kill them I just have to
you just have to win the battle wait
what and why didn't info fro when that
dragon went away I didn't think it
expedient they did not win the battle
necessarily okay that was more of a tie
like they had built suffer damage if I
reckless attack the disadvantage an
advantage watch right
yep ten well there's no disadvantage you
just start at a penalty of four because
of the cover from the tree so go ahead
and make it add advantage if you're
reckless attacking all right you still
miss the rock falls short of the troll
the trolls turn comes around it
regenerates 10 HP and it moves on and is
out of range behind other cover but
you've still succeeded in defeating the
troll so you'll still get experience for
it okay and that's split two ways right
nope we're just gonna split expand the
entire party it's too complicated
otherwise all right
and then continue back to chronic okay
you will continue on to chronic it is
nighttime it is slow going your ways lit
only by the moonlight there are no more
encounters this day but you don't derive
back until well after sunup you know
somewhere just before noon when you
arrive at the Quran ouack exhausted from
having hypes all day the troll fight
wasn't so bad but you do ride back home
to the party who is a wondering where
you are waiting for you staying up all
night maybe I was down to go to the
meeting okay we're all around the table
I why don't you go I removed from my
backpack a cache a cask of wine and I
slam it on the table without breaking it
well I think we found the missing wine
guys really does this look like wine to
you yeah well looks like we solved our
problems Wow
well so here's the thing this is stashed
on wiggins property the southwest part
of the town in a storehouse we don't
know who actually stole this and we
don't know why Wiggins is stashing it
wait did Wiggins know about it we don't
know actually it could have been that
Leo was the one that actually stole it
and then Leo told Miriam to stash it on
Wiggins property but yeah I mean we
don't know so at this point we could
just turn it in and we could tell the
Chancellor or whatever that we found
this on Wiggins property we know that
he's the one that's holding the wine and
then let them deliver whatever justice
the Prince decides worthy or we could go
down and interrogate Wiggins to figure
out who brought this wine to his
property why it's on his property if he
has any knowledge of it yeah I mean it's
kind of our job to get the job done all
the way right especially if you've taken
so long so we should probably do it
ourselves maybe or it might behoove us
might behoove us to uh to just turn the
case in now and if they can't find the
rest of the missing stuff it seems
likely that whoever sold these materials
or stashed them on Wiggins property is
gonna know where the rest of the stuff
is then we kind of move with the
responsibility off of us I think we we
might want to place some lanterns there
though just in case what do you think
about that it might be better to just
have them find the wine we know that the
wine came from the mine the boxes even
had the black paw emblem emblem emblem
on the on the second grade so I mean
that's if they find that like that's all
they need that they know that it came
from there and then it's up to them to
figure out if other stuff is missing I
mean we found the culprit you know it's
not our responsibility to make every
single product we bring them some of our
lanterns we already have no Eleni those
lanterns came from some other place and
we're actually saving them for a future
surprise so we actually don't want to
bring that up to anybody ever yeah
they're top secret oh yes yes never use
they're not even lanterns actually we
call them candles okay those are candles
upstairs giant candle big candles okay
so what do you want to do Jeff um I want
to tournament we have a lot on our plate
well do we know I mean the only thing we
have on our plate is the lantern thing
in the ghost thing did you um oh do we
have a course
are we sure you know maybe we should
sell the lanterns before we do this just
I think we should just sit on the
lanterns for a while I don't think we
need the money no just hang out on it I
mean okay what are we gonna say about
the lanterns just that they're missing
we found the wine it's up to Wiggins or
whoever to tell them where the lanterns
are well Wiggins will I mean if the
questioning goes such ways then we the
lanterns were missing before the wine
and the gold missing yeah but do you
really think the prince is gonna buy
that explanation when they went in to
steal from the mine that some things
were already missing why would they
believe that yeah I suppose okay sure
whatever we'll figure it out one way
yeah sure good work let's go turn it in
I am very serious at though about who
actually stole things from the mine it
might be good for us to actually figure
that out although it seems like the only
person that would know that for sure now
would be Miriam it's possible that
Wiggins doesn't even know that's stashed
on his property so well I think that um
[Music]
or we could just turn this in and focus
on the ghost mission that might be more
important now anyway yeah I think so I
don't know I think the job is done
pretty much and I mean but it did take a
really long time maybe presenting them
with more information will be better but
I suppose it's not that big of a deal
yeah okay all right that sounds good we
found the gold don't know the lanterns
are okay okay
that hundred gold I still have that on
my character sheet I'm removing that
from a character sheet and then Kay
Torino you're gonna have that okay so
you okay I'll put it separate so that we
know it's what it is for okay
pardis character sheet where you can put
heart yeah yeah yes yeah I'm gonna I'm
gonna put it outside of the party funds
just to like you know keep it in my
brain that that's not for us or you can
even just hold on to it since we're
gonna go turn this and now and you can
turn in the gold and then tell them
that we found the wine as well but we're
not sure the lanterns are 100 gold
pieces stolen and then not by us alright
then you're gonna head and turn in the
quest wait no not yet okay daph yeah
remember when we turn this in I mean yes
sorry I forgot I'm not a girl
you forget that often done well bards do
tend to be rather fruity sometimes
anyway go on daph I support you with
whatever you want to be so when you turn
this in remember the less information
probably the better so maybe we tell
them that we got maybe a random tip from
a passerby er that the wine caskets
might have been stored there or that it
was you know some investigation that we
did in the town but I wouldn't mention
Merriam's name at all or anybody else
that's connected to this yeah we just
don't there's no reason to give them
more what about when they inevitably
question Miriam and what she tells them
why would they question Miriam because
if they question Wiggins Wiggins will
point at Miriam problem
well Wiggins to my knowledge Wiggins
doesn't actually know this wine is on
his property you don't know though we
don't know that well Miriam told me that
Miriam told me that she under Leo's
orders where it was ordered to stash the
wine there and in fact this might all
end up getting pinned on Leo who is now
deceased so what what is the big deal if
we were saying we were escorting Miriam
here on a mission
on a we were paid off to escort Miriam
to you know get gold and were interested
in how she acquired this gold so we
investigated it and found that possessed
so there are many types of wealth that
you can have in this land some people
have magical weapons some people have
armies some people have gold I find that
information it's a very important
possession that one can have then one
can trade later on if we trade this
quested now
and Merriam's protected we can use that
as leverage against her in the future if
we need to if we ever need to call in a
favor from her we can always threatened
to tell the Chancellor that we know that
Miriam was involved in the stealing here
or we could tap her for information in
the future for other things as well so I
think it's always good to kind of keep
these people maybe under our thumb
rather than you just remember you're
sure that Wiggins doesn't know I mean
Wiggins no I don't believe so it doesn't
make sense for Wiggins to know
Miriam told me that Leo ordered her to
stash this on Wiggins property without
his knowledge and it seems like if
Wiggins knew he would've either demanded
a hefty sum for it or he would have had
it stored off of his property so as not
to implicate him in the crime that would
be my guess yeah if he's smart enough
which I guess he owns the farm it's a
simple town I don't think these people
are on a fivehead level sorry now is
that a direct quote from Nevin
significant he is the term 5m
information is power anyway yeah so
maybe as part of an investigation you
you just don't give any information
about Miriam you can navigate that
conversation deaf because we know you
can do it but whatever you do don't
implicate Mary him in this just tell
them we were investigating leads and we
found a casket in in Leo's warehouse and
yeah we're confident that are not Leo's
warehouse we're confident that somehow
Wiggins is involved with the thievery I
have a question yes are we going to do
are we going to turn in this mission
tonight or or next session just just a
question like well right now in that
case I'm quite tired Stephen and so we
need to lay this out real simple okay
real simple we need to say exactly what
I'm going to say to them okay wait I
want to touch we can turn this in in
like two minutes right like
it'll be quick I just I just want it to
be very plain and simple so I don't [ __ ]
this up because I could [ __ ] this up and
I don't want to [ __ ] this up why take
that risk you know why nope no reason
well all we do a little quiet sure yeah
tell she's a noble also really tired but
I'll try my best
see if they [ __ ] up we'll take it over
it's fine whatever okay [ __ ] let's go
alright wait wait we're turning it in
yeah okay wait so they're probably going
to press you okay for who informed who
informed us okay we might say that we
have sources that we don't wish to
reveal as part of our investigations we
and a chancellor I mean it's possible
that they'll be understanding but it's
also possible you are correct that they
won't accept that so maybe we should
think of another reason yeah I
definitely think we should think of
another reason like we're investigating
it and we found tracks and then took a
while to you know come back to it
because it has taken a while we could
say we could say we were at this town
[Music]
um-hmm you know I took one casket of the
wine out of those boxes we could say
that we were in the area doing various
operations and we'd heard a rumor that
some boys had gotten drunk off of some
wine that they found in a storeroom and
on a hunch we decided to investigate a
storeroom and we found some skits of
wine she was innocuous enough now that's
you're getting it arrays in my heart
okay not a real race fest just a
figurative raise okay thanks well you
know next to gold and weapons and
information the other important currency
in this world is love and I feel like
you've given a lot of it to me thanks
dad
let's have a group hug guys okay okay
all right turn it in
okay turn it in good like so you head on
over to the keep you get access to the
Chancellor you bring it up to the
Chancellor and she's like oh yes I do
believe the original owner of this job
was Catherine felt she wasn't in town
yet
but she has just arrived a few days ago
they give you the address of Catherine
pelt
the new owner of the mine and send you
off to go speak to her it seems to be a
small detail that the party forgot that
this was not from the prince
yeah of course growing up oh yeah but
you head on over to Catherine pelts
place it's another it's not quite as
nice as lord silver horns place it's not
really it nearly as nice but it's that
still a three-story building with glass
windows that open and close guards out
front
recently trimmed hedges it's looking
kind of nice and do you talk to the
guards and what do you tell the guards
at the gates um hello I'm deaf the
leader of various operations agency we
have been paid off to investigate the
missing gold wine and lanterns from the
black paw mine and we are here with good
news the guard gives you a sloop says
absolutely nothing turns on a keel opens
the gates walks on through and then like
throws a glance over his shoulder to
make sure you're following along and
after you sees that you are marches you
straight into the house down a hall to a
room opens it motions for you to enter
as we're walking along I top dev and I
think remember okay
no one necessary information okay leaves
you in the room with the doors still
open
a servant walks by sort of does a double
take and comes in says hello welcome to
the the pelt household do you need are
you in need of any refreshments
um yes I'll have a water please thank
you some water not water what I mean of
course sure
of course strange
I'll have some ale thank you okay
history lesson water back in the day was
not always that clean to drink so people
preferred to drink alcoholic beverages
because it was when fermented it would
the fermentation would kill any bacteria
that could otherwise cause disease so
drinking water was actually like not
necessarily the best thing for you which
is why everyone drank alcohol all the
[ __ ] time in the olden days I make
sense you know all the time
I wouldn't say drunkle hydrated she
low-alcohol beer or just interesting
from other foods okay I would like to
request some low alcohol beer because
I'm feeling quite parched don't bring
you a Shandy awesome yeah and I'll sing
you a shanty later health comes on in
lady pelts to you guys she approaches
and sees the surveillance of eight
people and says ah yes this is the Wawa
I had heard so much about I was just
going to send a messenger over to your
place later this afternoon asking if you
had come up with any solutions but I see
you're here yes nice to meet you nice to
finally make your acquaintance I'm deaf
a very separations energy agency as you
know and these are nevets toki and penny
charmed I'm sure
well um we have solved the case
we are you've got you found the money on
the wine and a lanterns unfortunately we
were not able to come up with the
lanterns however we have found the gold
and the wine and and we can direct you
to it we have not brought it to you but
we can direct you to who it's still in
the hands of the culprit then we do have
the gold correct Bevis yes i removed the
gold from the crate I didn't want to
bring attention to us lifting the wine
but we did bring the gold to you we were
able to reclaim it
splendid you have all 500 unfortunately
there were only a hundred pieces left so
we're not sure if the gold was either
sold off a move from that point but
common wine we have not brought it with
us but we found crates with the black
paw symbol Si and the lanterns the
lanterns are the most valuable piece how
much were these lanterns worth a pretty
penny I love pretty pennies hmm I don't
say that I just wanted to comment on it
because I like okay commenting I'm
pretty Penny's okay okay I see I see so
you have a hundred of the missing 500
the rest is assumed to have already been
spent so quickly hasn't it been what two
weeks not even 400 gold among thieves
can be used very almost anything of
course we know side of the line is it's
quite possible that the owner of the the
wine knows what the lanterns are I
suppose we could question him but I mean
we're confident that we've figured out
where everything wound up if it's not
there any longer I mean we can't trace
down every product to the end of the
earth we were merely investigating who
we believe stolen and we believe we
found this do you have to bring the
money with you today um yes my boss here
should have the hundred gold with him
yes here you go I would like to hand her
the 100 gold pieces she leaves it in a
pile on a table and sort of promptly
ignores it and says well I would love to
hear back from you once you've figured
out what's happened to the lanterns and
if you can bring the wine here that
would be preferable I would hate to have
to send my own troops in to pull it out
it would be messy I feel I couldn't get
I don't feel like I could give you your
full reward if I had to go and collect
all the things myself you understand
okay yeah no problem perfect
excellent this is a wonderful update I
am pleased with your progress do come by
any time you have no news thank you very
much have a good day my lady
good day sir and she sees you out right
sort of turn did mostly turn didn't
clients asking for a little bit more
that's fine we'll bring the one okay are
we good
XP yeah you guys step on out and we can
do some experience right so the quest
that you did was bringing Miriam there
back again it was a nice short easy
quest just you know don't get her to
lost you did defeat a single troll in
combat troll XP destiny has defeated
many trolls in his day okay what does
that mean he's he's a troll slayer I
mean that you're a great streamer and no
troll can get you down Steven thanks
Catarina this is a literal
good one moot good one there was some
good role-playing going on in today's
session so let's add some role-playing
experience as well and we'll divide this
between four players so everyone please
take home 700 experience Christ are you
[ __ ] serious koi boo why are you that
close to leveling no I'm just kidding
actually know what the next level of
those yeah how much should we have 23 we
are leveled up no we're not just kidding
we need 2700 level up almost next
session we will about 100 percent one
you should all be at twenty one fifty
right now 23:50 2350 mm-hmm I just added
the amount to toke what was on Toki's
sheet and I got twenty one fifty well it
sounds like he doesn't know right yes
Steven and I both got the same answer
we had what we had like 1650 before 750
and I just added 7 yeah I changed it to
1450 just now okay okay all right so
everyone should have 20 350 then yep
everybody well it's a real party hanging
out with you guys yeah excellent now
we're still missing experience from the
this mission that you're on right now
figuring out who stole all the [ __ ] from
the mind yep and we're still missing
experience from the ghost mission
solving the ghost mission you've already
got an experience for the combat you've
done there but the overall quests there
are still waiting to be awarded an
experience once sounds good excellent
congratulations on everyone's day today
I think you all did well yeah good
session thanks Cuevas my pleasure you
guys almost missed some key clues here
but you found them at the last moment
and wait which key clue is how all the
you know this random peasant having all
of this money oh well I mean it was
pretty obvious I mean you kind of handed
that one to us so this lady coming from
a dirt ass poor village walks into her
house and instantly comes out with a
hundred fifty gold like it's nothing
you guys didn't mention until you were
almost back in cronbach and then you're
like wait a minute hold on something's
fishy here and you circle around and you
got it well I didn't want to mention it
cuz I don't want to make it suspicious
but yeah of course I'm going back to
loot that house she's coming out of a
dirt as poor [ __ ] village with that
much gold its a [ __ ] ton of money um
were you you know how you gave us this
quest and then we waited like we stalled
and procrastinated doing it and then we
weren't able to them the mine the
missing stuff at the mine um and then we
stalled would you have given us this
quest if we didn't stall this [ __ ] was
gonna come down regardless if you had
searched and found to the other quest
you probably would have interrupted this
quest line and it would
have showed up like if you had solved it
yeah we wouldn't have walked her right
but because you stole this became an
available thing because when 500 gold
goes missing in a podunk area that money
turns up somewhere eventually someone's
gonna get their hands on it and spend
yeah not its height it's hard for people
to hide that amount of money like you
hear about people winning the lottery
and it's all gone in three years people
are terrible with money I think it's
kind of strange though given like what
is our rent again he doesn't know so
it's free 800 aerate the rent for you
guys but you're in a major town not in
some podunk village huh and you also
have like a nice big place you're not in
a dirt Shack with a straw roof okay yeah
you're like in you know downtown LA and
they're out in the suburbs of Palm
Springs and I mean like the dirt road
suburbs of Palm Springs
okay coins all right all right that's it
all right hey I'm destiny you can find
me on TV slash destiny and all that you
know who I am down here is Lily Picchu
good one and then over there is yeah hi
I just want Steve to play wow so that's
all I want
Wow good one to play League of Legends
good one
me too oh wait I thought I was
Borderlands three Kate wait you already
what started no I we know you for know
okay to be sauced you know and you guys
can find me on Twitter TV slash Koivu or
my Twitter is at ke Torino TV I would
really appreciate it if you've sent me
tweets with shiny penny is like really
pretty pennies if you find one tweet at
me @caitstraightup Annie's send it
immediately but none of this nickel or
dime recorder [ __ ] I'll take half
dollars silver dollars or pennies
nothing else shiny penny is only shiny
shiny a parade me to catch the next one
don't worry okay
COO I'm sorry Steven doesn't even pay
attention with them hey I'm here all the
time alright it's been fun guys
catch us are we gonna be here next week
yeah catch us next week then guys I'll
see you guys later peace oh yeah bye bye
no we're not buying animals okay this
isn't a stable no we're we're gonna keep
the dog
