hey what's up buddy hi oh my god I'm so
nervous oh god you're British no not
actually I don't like to tell people
from okay that's okay I'm just gonna
assume you're British then all right
okay
I just follow like Internet politics so
mostly United States and UK in
english-speaking countries okay um first
I want to clarify that you said that you
thought I wasn't a fan
I am absolutely a fan oh well thanks
wait when did I say this when you read
my tweet on stream when you thought that
I was actually taking your bio seriously
I was actually just trolling to get your
attention oh I can't tell it's actually
really hard to tell these days there's a
big there's a Twitter account with like
eleven thousand followers like screencap
my bio earlier and everybody was like
making fun of it because I thought I was
being serious so I can't tell I really
can't tell anymore yeah fine anyway yeah
you absolutely saved me like I used to
be a Saigon fan and now I'm like ashamed
of how dumb I used to be I'm just happy
that like I'm just gonna turn 21 next
week so at least I'm not like Saigon
who's in his late thirties and still
doesn't know anything
Wow well I'm flattered but here you are
coming to me today as an an cap yeah so
it's like it's mostly a problem that I
have with your views on morality like I
don't really understand it because you
say you evaluate personal personal
autonomy and social well-being and
property rights and taxes so how does
that work I don't know I guess I have to
start this out better I'll talk to my
one philosophy friend and unite this a
little bit more but I guess like
basically bodily autonomy and autonomy
of the self which I guess extends to
your property and your all that is very
very very important to me however social
well-being is also really important to
me as well and I guess to some extent I
like to maximize social well-being as
much as possible while still respecting
the autonomy of an individual that makes
sense yeah but like that's just you and
then you say that you would convince
most people because like most people
value those things as well but I don't
think that's a very good way of going
about things like just because people
agree doesn't mean it's right
well of course I mean I don't know if
any philosophy is necessarily right I
think how you get most people to agree
with mine because I believe that a
philosophy like mine would point you
towards an objectively better world for
everybody when I say objectively I mean
that most people would be wealthier and
happier by most ways that we measure it
yeah so like I actually agree with most
of your ideas on what would make a
better world but I disagree when you say
that we should force people who disagree
to like support those ideas well so are
you talking about specifically in
regards to taxation yeah like government
in general because government is
essentially forcing people to do things
right so when you say like that rich
people should support welfare because
that like that's better for everyone I
agree with that I think that's a good
argument but I don't think that's that
gives you the right to take that money
because you know what's best for them I
guess it like the way that I kind of
view this is that if you want to go out
and live like on your own I guess in the
wilderness or something would be like a
totally self-sustained person you can do
that but I don't see how you exist in a
society where you're reaping all the
benefits of being in a society and then
turn around and say you don't want to
contribute at all to that society that
seems like a hard like it seems like we
kind of have an agreement with the
government where we let you do things to
us right this is I think this is
actually the social contract but like um
yeah but that doesn't exist the social
contract isn't real well I mean by
definition I mean the government exists
and it only exists because we the people
allow it to exist right and we let the
government do things to us that we
wouldn't let individuals do things to us
right like the status the power to tax
us or to enforce law on us and whatnot
right yeah no but we don't let them do
it they just do it because they can but
like we don't necessarily allow it well
don't we
isn't the government liked by the people
for the people like we don't have a
monarchy or any or at least in the
United States I'm not I don't know
exactly if you're arbor bond right you
do have a lawn okay I don't think it's I
but I'm in the United States we have a
democracy so it's citizens that run for
government positions we elect those
citizens we all participate in the
government it's not established by like
divine right or divine order or anything
so I mean yeah I would say in the United
States we give the government the power
to do what it does if we wanted to I
guess we could do like a large
or we could vote for people that would
destroy the government but it doesn't
seem like that's what the will of the
people is at the moment no but there's
no well of the people there's only like
your will and like when did you give up
your eyes to the government so that they
can take your property and [ __ ] well I
mean at the inception of the country we
kind of gave the government the ability
to regulate that stuff and then we kind
of do it actively as we vote on
politicians and everything throughout
all of our elections yeah so like the
inception of the country was completely
illegitimate I guess everyone can agree
with that unless you're like super
conservative and you're actually in
favor of seizing the land of the natives
wait what well I'm only talking I'm not
talking about taking the land from the
native people talking about the
inception of the government to establish
the land for the people that would be
American I guess and I'm saying that
taking land from the Native Americans or
whatever it was right or wrong as yeah
no but but the way that they established
the land to like govern that land was by
taking it from the natives sure yeah so
that's not legitimate well but we're
talking about two different things here
on whether or not stealing land from
somebody is legitimate versus whether or
not the people gave the government the
power to rule over them I think these
are two different topics I I mean I
don't think you should probably genocide
people and take their land that's
probably not a good thing so I mean I
would agree with you that that's
probably not legitimate but that's not
answering the question of did people
legitimately give up their rights to the
government in order for them to be like
a federal in order for there to be a
federal government that rolls over us
right these are two different questions
I think yeah yeah okay but people didn't
give up their rights to the government
well but they did there's no contract
but there's no contract well but we
really did that was the point of the
whole like the Federalist Papers and
everything right was riding around
because it initially we had it was like
13 colonies initially that we're all
kind of Massachusetts we knew that all
kind of did their own things or whatever
and then you know John Jay and a couple
other dudes you know was writing all
that [ __ ] to get everybody to come
together and give up their 100% like
sovereignty in order to form a federal
government to kind of unify the country
I think and the people voted on that at
least back in that day everybody voted
on that scene or not everybody but the
majority voted on that and seems to be
agreeable to that idea forming a more
progressive right so the majority voted
not everyone so there's B who didn't
vote for that they didn't give up their
rights and they didn't even agree to
like
for something vote on something and if
the majority wins I'm gonna do what the
majority wants like did they even agree
with that I mean I guess you could are
okay so then this is an argument where
like if 80% of the people vote on like a
thing to do the 20% have to go along
with it yeah I mean I kind of think you
have to in any functional society I mean
I guess you could argue that you don't
but I feel like that opens you up to
like a really weird bag of worms like
let's say that in a society we decide
let's say that 95 percent of people
decide that like murder or rape or theft
is bad does that mean that the other 5%
has to go along with it I mean they kind
of do too exist in the society right no
I mean I would agree that like rape
theft and murder are bad but not because
the majority agreed that it is well why
because of self-ownership and you can
like prove that logically well
self-ownership is just an individual
philosophical position that's not like
an objective like fact and I don't think
you can logically prove that murdering
or raping or stealing is bad these are
all just philosophical opinions
positions right okay it's not like an
objective fact that we own ourselves but
like there's no alternative so like I
mean like it's an objective fact you own
yourself but it's not like an objective
fact about ownership of yourself has to
be respected by another person
especially 5% disagree and say well I
want to be free to rape and murder and
kill whoever I want I think the
strongest should rule I think that's a
position you could take so you think the
majority can violate the minority self
ownership I guess in the purposes of
yeah forming like a society yeah I guess
they would I don't know a lot of like
government theory so like I'm probably
butchering the [ __ ] out of this
conversation I'm kind of spitballing
this as I go along sorry so but like
what you're saying is that if a majority
vote still I kill you then they can do
that I don't think killing somebody is
the same as taxing somebody or
installing some sort of rules to exist
like in a society but you agree that
property ownership like stems from self
ownership so a violation of property
rights would be a violation of self
ownership so stealing is like kinda the
same as murder because they're both
violations are self ownership yeah but I
think they're I don't think I don't
think you can equivalent all violations
on the same level for instance me
walking up to somebody and poking them
in the back with my
finger is a violation of their body and
then me walking up and stabbing somebody
with my katana that's folded over a
thousand times of Japanese steel would
also be violent enemy I don't think
those are necessarily the same thing
so like I don't know if like if you
argue that like taxing somebody in a way
that they don't want because the
majority of society has decided that
attacks would make the entire society
better off I don't know if that's the
same type of autonomy violation as like
literally murdering somebody I think
there are different levels of it and you
might be able to justify one over the
other based on outcome and intent no not
really like you could argue that there
would be different punishments for
poking someone in the back and like
killing them but that both rights
violations so what you're saying is that
like you can violate rights in a way or
you can violate certain rights but you
can't violate others like why I don't
know maybe I'm like what did that one
guy say a virtue consequentialist I
guess I just don't see like I just don't
see like an alternative to anything else
working out like any type of society
we're like 20% of people could just be
like well [ __ ] all of this we're gonna
go do our own thing but we still want to
exist in the society and reap all the
benefits of it and then you guys do
whatever like what's the alternative
that every single person should be
allowed to like secede and make their
own sovereign state or yeah basically
like everyone should be able to do
whatever they want with the body and the
property huh I guess I guess I just see
that making like society like so much
worse off that I I guess I would reject
that notion I don't know especially
while they're stuck especially while
they're still benefiting from everything
that you benefit from right by being in
a society
okay so benefiting in what way cuz if
you're talking about like public
utilities then you'd be charged for that
like you can't use that without paying
but if you're talking about like just I
don't know like benefiting from a from
safety because other people are paying
for the police like you can't call the
police if you don't pay for the police
but if your neighborhood is safer as a
result of other people paying for the
police like there's not much you can do
to stop people benefiting from that and
I don't think it'd be justified in
making them pay for the police if they
can't call the police if they're
personally like victimized in some way I
mean I guess if like you really want to
like I said earlier like if you really
want to let go off into the wilderness
and like go and do your own thing I
think I would be ok with that but like
if you want to like secede as your own
sovereign body inside of a neighborhood
I feel like I mean like you're
benefiting from the roads I would you
pay a fee for that I guess and you're
benefitting yeah I mean like at the end
of the day wouldn't you just be paying
all the same fees that you are paying
under taxes yeah but I wouldn't be
forced to pay for it like if I don't
want to use the roads for whatever
reason or if I don't want to use I don't
know like an arts program that's tax
funded like I wouldn't have to do that
well but wouldn't they still be charging
you for it anyway like in order to exist
here and not be conquered by us like
we're going to charge you some amount of
money and then that money would just be
put towards that program anyway no I
guess you can only charge I mean you can
only like you you have you'd have to pay
for a security company to protect your
property if you want like otherwise you
can just like have your weapons and
defend your property yourself so like
what happens if you have like two
sovereign nations on the same street and
like one what if we wanted to just
invade those sovereign nations and take
over you would say that well that's
wrong or yeah that's wrong because like
you don't really need to secede and form
your own servant sovereign nation like
your property is already like your
sovereign nation because on your
property whatever rules you want to
apply would apply as long as it doesn't
violate anyone's rights well but not
really I mean like your property is
zoned by state or local governments in
order to be approved for housing like
there were probably some subsidies that
went into constructing your housing
you've got access to a lot of subsidized
things like electricity and water that
were built by public subsidies and then
it connects to a public road that's paid
for by public taxes like you're I think
your property is hardly like a sovereign
state I don't think I know because you
don't necessarily have to use all those
public things well but whether you want
to or not if you didn't like go out and
like pay for somebody to build that
house yourself you're kind of have
always been benefiting from those things
no I don't know I guess like some people
argue actually Elizabeth Warren
apparently said that deburr should pay
taxes because they benefit from public
utilities
the whole thing is that we shouldn't pay
taxes for the public utilities well but
then how would we pay for them or how
rapidly privately I don't know I guess I
just haven't seen I guess like I feels
like the argument with socialists like I
just haven't seen like a mechanism
through which this seems like it could
create like a functioning world like the
idea of having a whole bunch of
sovereign people living next to each
other with no type of social construct
at all - like unify everything or
integrate everything just seems like it
would be a total [ __ ] disaster
yeah now you could actually unify your
property with someone else someone
else's property actually you could have
a world that looks like exactly like the
world we have now with government and
everything but it would have to be
voluntary and like if we could prove
that current governments are legitimate
which we can't then it would be fine to
have things the way they are now because
that would mean that the social contract
is indeed voluntary that's not the case
that we'd have to like start over and
have people form their own state and if
somebody doesn't want to join any state
and then you do that I guess I would so
not to be like super pushy here but like
has this ever worked anywhere before
like in any extended way yeah no but
like I know that you care a lot about
like how come and data and all that
stuff but I don't think you can really
use that to justify morality because you
admit yourself that utilitarianism is
really problematic yeah sure um I don't
know I guess I'll think about it more oh
no I guess I'm not really like hardcore
dug-in on government positions I haven't
really thought about like um I think
this would be a meta this wouldn't be a
minute I think this would be like an
applied ethics question I think and I
haven't really gotten to applying ethics
to like governments yet so maybe I guess
I'll have to think out that position a
little bit more I guess I just when I
look at this in kind of a
consequentialist point of view I just
don't see it reasonably working in the
real world at all yeah but you say that
you're not a consequentialist well but
I'm but I might be I don't know I try to
say I'm not anything because every time
I say I'm one thing somebody emails me
and says that I'm wrong so I'm not sure
yeah I remember one time when you said
something about utilitarianism like
being bad because of the trolley
problems and like enslaving a bunch of
people to benefit more people and all
that stuff and then someone in the chat
said that no serious utilitarian would
say that like it would be more complex
or something but I looked up like all
possible types of utilitarianism and I
didn't find anything I agreed with so
maybe we're missing something I don't
know well so for utilitarianism hold on
hold on a second okay yeah so okay so
sorry so many sent me an email
describing the distinction this so
apparently there's something known as a
queue Tillet arianism versus rural
utilitarianism and in one of these like
you can bacon consequences to your kind
of thinking so for instance like there
could be a utilitarian estat enslaving
500,000 people to please the entire
population would still be a wrong act
even though the utilities increased
their because as part of that as part of
that action you also make it permissible
to enslave people in society which could
lead to a decrease in utility whatever
that you would actually take into
account what would happen as a result of
doing that that would be taken into
account select for the trolley problem
like it might be possible if you're
trying to be very careful it might be
possible that a utilitarian Ascan argue
for a trolley problem that like let's
say a trolley was gonna hit four but you
