hey hello hello hey hey how's it going
hey what's up oh not much just finishing
out the week basically okay um pretty
good I guess is the third Democrat
debate nothing too exciting I don't
thing happened there are no huge moments
or anything so early something yeah it
was kind of black know after a few
debates already mm-hmm this too bad
Tulsi wasn't there that Queen yeah okay
so real quick what um introduce yourself
to Chet who are you what's up oh sure
hey Chet it's my first time I'm debate
virgin I guess basically I run a company
that has seven million users around the
planet marquetry Whitley something well
we well we want Google and stuff like
that yeah maybe this cord sorry this
cord what um what what does your company
do my company builds apps for
communities think like if you have a
university or something like that you
might want to have people connect and
and when you have an alumni program a
lot of the alumni are not really
connecting with email so like you went
to school you're probably not really
that close with your alma mater after a
few years so we helped them to basically
re-engage people and reach out to their
vast alumni network and you know later
tap them for money or whatever but the
main thing is letting people actually
like connect in the real world as
opposed to just you know fading away
it's got shots okay yeah all right so
what are the main things you were
interested in chatting about today I
don't know I I have a bunch of
controversial views and I thought it
would be more interesting to debate
something rather than just agree so I
guess I could throw I emailed you a
bunch of them but we could probably talk
about the more controversial ones I
don't know okay
he had us up what are your more
controversial ones what's the most
controversial one no let's not start
with the most controversial one let's
just start with something interesting um
okay
well one one thing in the debates
actually I don't know what moments
jumped out at you but one moment was
actually struck me it was like cory
booker of all people he started talking
about his diet and factory farms and he
said as president i will make sure that
family farms and regular people can
compete with these factory farms they
don't have to become a factory farm to
survive and i thought that was pretty
cool because i never expected to hear
that in a presidential debate you know
wait can you repeat the last thing again
before the factory from thing I just
said
I heard Cory Booker of all people that I
don't I wouldn't expect me to be excited
by something Cory Booker says but I was
very excited to hear him say that if he
becomes president which I don't think he
would but if he becomes president that
he would do something about factory
farms swallowing up all the you know
family farms and putting people you know
all these billions of animals into cages
so I thought that was pretty cool
what okay I thought I thought I might
have misheard this I thought that when
he was talking about this I thought some
alien relations like the the veganism
stuff that he's trying to like reduce
global emissions what what is his like
proposal I hear people talk about like
the importance of family farms and
whatnot but like are family farms
actually good well I mean fact the
family farms is what's existed
throughout history and you know
socialists try to collectivise them and
that's one approach wait hold on family
farms have existed throughout history
that's not an argument for anything
right no I'm not making argument I'm
just saying you know in fact oh yeah no
I'm doing basically saying that family
farms have existed and the animals you
know the grandparents think that the cow
is still running free and you know
everything like that but if you look at
the horrific conditions like you can go
to meat org and you could see how the
many of the animals are treated now I'm
okay with slaughtering an animal like
one minute of pain or whatever I
understand because they would have an
old age anyway they might suffer anyway
but living their whole life like veal
you know in the dark so that their meat
could be good all that kind of stuff is
pretty odious I guess okay wait so are
we talking about like is this coming
from then like a vegan perspective to
like reduce harm among animals or is
this coming from like an environmental
point of view or what exactly are we
it's a utilitarian perspective it's not
it's not vegan so I don't believe in
like individuals being able to you could
you could shame people all day long and
they wouldn't switch until the
impossible burger arrives wait wait when
you say utilitarian what what utility
like what are we valuing here what are
we trying to reduce I guess animal
suffering okay okay so it is about
animal suffering um our if we were to
raise as much as we could on like unlike
not factory farms but on like what
family farms I guess is the easier
alternatives were talking right family
farms justice factory farms I guess like
smaller scale it could be a large
corporation but at least they wouldn't
be putting animals into crowded
conditions uh-huh
is this actually like is this like a
sustainable way to raise food like is it
environmentally good is it actually like
good because I was under the impression
that like the smaller farms whatever
ended up being like hard on the
environment because they use like less
efficient practices and everything and
then obviously the meat would cost more
as well or all of the animal agriculture
products would be more expensive too
well of course it'd be more expensive
that's one of the reasons that's one of
the side effects of capitalism and
negative externality is that you know if
you're not the if you're not the
customary of the product right so the
animals are the product but and you can
see similar things in and they can get
into this later well the animals always
the product even in the family farms
right like the animals never become into
customer right yeah so on the factory
sorry in the family farms the animals
just had a much nicer life like for
example seven years ago my grandparents
or even my mom was like in Ukraine I'm
from Russia and she would vacation in
Ukraine there would be chickens running
around today these chickens are in cages
they can't spread their wings right I
mean today there's two types of chickens
one is is essentially bred for the meat
and one is bred for the eggs and so the
males of course are destroyed quickly
I'm not too upset about that but the
females are basically just just I don't
know they they live in their own feces a
lot of the time and they breathe toxic
fumes it's not yeah I guess my question
is like let's say that we make these
more efficient farms but it ends up
making one it's rougher unlike our
actual natural resources like it's
usually like less environmentally
friendly for the smaller farms they end
up like making less efficient use of
resources
of water lane and everything of soil and
then let's say that the food becomes
like kind of unaffordable for a lot of
Americans do you think that's like an
okay alternative if we go that route
well first of all I don't think the food
should ever be unaffordable I I'm in
favor of safety nets I'm in favor of UVI
I'm in favor of a lot of different ways
you could have food stamps or snap
programs or whatever but that's not even
the point
anyway you shake it out the human
population right is going to have to eat
and yeah if there's gonna be more humans
on the planet there's gonna be more
pollution and there's gonna be more
destruction of ecosystems so really the
source of like the real root of this is
like we need to make sure that the human
population doesn't exponentially could
grow essentially well haven't we kind of
solved isn't exponential growth isn't
that kind of a mean like we don't
actually think that's gonna happen
anymore right
no that's not necessarily true well okay
I mean this guy Hans I forgot his last
name Africa is said to be the new China
right there's gonna be an explosion of
population because we've solved
essentially we've solved child mortality
and this was a recent thing so maybe a
hundred years ago I'm talking about
Hans lip Rosling or whatever right the
one dude yeah exactly exactly yeah so he
talks about this a lot he recently
passed away I believe but look I mean
child mortality was the check on the
human population a lot of the time
people that have kids like you know even
a no no wait I don't think that's true I
think the check has usually been
industrialization that child mortality
actually increased the number of kids
born because people would have a ton of
kids expecting some of them to die well
yeah of course people would have a ton
of kids people had it even like Kings
would not able to save their kids like
Louie the I'm gonna say 14 but I'm not
sure all his like all his grandkids died
except for one and look people weren't
very good at saving their kids and yeah
you're absolutely right and that's why
the average people think the average age
of cavemen was low and it's like because
no it's because the kids were dying and
so it brings the average age down um so
anyway the bottom line is that once the
kids aren't dying anymore right so then
the society has to adjust that new
reality in Africa they're still
adjusting because it's a lot pretty much
the last continent to really have this
child mortality thing so
and yeah it's gonna have a population
explosion in the next 20-30 years
probably hmm aren't the population rates
in Africa like already tapering off
pretty hard like I thought that as the
countries became more industrialized as
women started to get like contraceptive
rights and everything but that's usually
what tends to curb a lot of the
population growth everything's tapering
off it's just as a tapering off fast
enough so women education for women I
would say is like the number one factor
it's good all accountant so like yeah
women going to college don't have time
right for having kids and if there's
contraception then they can use it so
yeah that's probably one great solution
to everything including look what's
happening in around the world I think
this is a staggering statistic thirty
percent of the farmland has become this
desert if I'd okay however you want to
define desert and that's really
staggering because this kind of thing
happened in the US before the Great
Depression with the Dust Bowl and
everything there was a race to the
bottom the farmers would just rape the
land as much as he can in the short term
again because capitalism because they
had to and this is a negative
externality again but in this case it's
the land and the ecosystems with the
bacteria it can't support endless raping
of the land and so it started to blow
away in dust storms that's why you're
going to see and the UN says there's
going to be mass migrations from Africa
and from sort of those latitudes to
other areas and we can see that it from
Honduras as well okay
what's the solution to that is that the
solution but I think education for women
is probably a good thing all right so
they have children later and ironically
large cities which are expensive to live
in the men don't settle down until they
make enough money right to rent places
and so that delays children further so
if you see a big metropolitan areas
that's probably where you see the least
number of children and people having
them later so I don't know I mean I'm
not very hopeful unfortunately but I
hope it works out I mean I'm not very
hopeful but what else can we do but hope
you know sure yeah but it is a bigger
problem than we think I mean every
problem whether it's polluting the
oceans with plastic or whether it's the
co2 and
atmosphere goes back to one thing the
number of people right every person's
gonna use something and that's why it's
very important like variable I guess
okay so how does so back to our original
point of like co-op farms so co-op farms
or I guess like fat our family farms
whatever non like large corporation
farms so like I am NOT opposed to let's
say socialism so it's become such a
loaded word capitalism socialism so I
want to define what I mean
socialism without government right like
a libertarian type of socialism so let
me give like specific examples a housing
co-op right has the tenants own the
corporation they elect a board that mccr
Attica Lee the board decides what to do
and so on a credit union where again the
credit union is not a bank it's owned by
sort of its own shareholders a food
cooperative you know producer or
consumer cooperatives and a farming
cooperative I don't see those
necessarily as a bad thing and so I
understand socialism with government
could be very you know it could lead to
bad things but without government I
think that sometimes people prefer those
kinds of organizations and you know I'm
segwaying into another topic that I
think might be interesting to discuss
sure what's the next topic
oh okay socialism is not that socialism
as opposed to like capitalism I guess I
don't know where do you fall on this can
I ask you like what's here cuz I kind of
saw a few of your debates but you kind
of allude to like not being a socialist
but also you know what so where do you
fall on that like economically yeah I
guess it's gonna depend on what you mean
when you say socialism so what I mean is
collective ownership of the means of
production and means the production
could mean a whole variety of things
like I don't know like I said that let's
say a housing cooperative owning a bunch
of buildings and being responsible for
maintaining the the grounds you know
like that okay I mean I'm not
necessarily again
that I like people like starting coops
and [ __ ] but like what do we do with the
capital that already exists we leave it
alone and just encourage people to form
coops I guess also like would you
encourage and reform coops yeah that's
the thing we gonna agree on a lot of
stuff but let me let me make it
practical so it I live in New York City
there were these two senators Mitchell
and llama have you ever heard of
mitchell-lama programs nope okay so
they're very famous
in New York because these two senators
basically said if you build affordable
housing this was like in the 60s you're
gonna get a bunch of tax breaks okay and
so these housing developments have been
built there's a bunch of them in
Manhattan there's some in Brooklyn
Manhattan real estate is known for being
extremely expensive okay
I lived in one of these things about ten
years ago where you know do you know how
much I paid to live in a two-bedroom
apartment in West burrow this was in
Manhattan
I'm gonna guess four thousand a month
you would think but it turns out when I
first moved in the maintenance fee was
$800 okay this was like 15 years ago and
then it went up to a whopping $1,200
five years later
what does okay maintenance fee what does
that mean oh sorry that's the only fee
you pay so as a cooperator you you buy
share in the coop and that's all then
you get your apartment and then you pay
for the maintenance of the property you
all collectively pay for it and it's
efficient enough that for that rent they
have wonderful parks garages and like
amenities and of course it's not a ritzy
glitzy you know rental building but whoa
wait a second so you paid a maintenance
fee how much did it cost you to buy in
um so I okay so for me I didn't buy in I
was kind of subletting but the person
who bought in on the person who bought
in typically paid around thirty thousand
dollars for this year's okay or it might
be more it might be sixty thousand
dollars for a two-bedroom I'm not sure
so and then the money okay hold on wait
this is so [ __ ] on so many different
levels so you had a guy that was part of
a co-op
your landlord he was that sorry no you
had a guy that was part of a co-op but
he subleased the the room to you so he
was essentially he was landlording his
co-op yeah that part was the illegal
part and we could get into that stuff
there's also illegal a lot of companies
do illegal internships which is also I
think messed up with the minimum wage
laws but anyway go on okay yes so forget
about the sublet but I do agree that
like that was a [ __ ] up thing yes okay
um I mean not every so what do you do
with people that don't have the capital
to just you know take it alone for a
hundred thousand dollars for like an
apartment to like join that kind of
stuff that's a great question but first
I would say what does capitalism do for
those people the well in capitalism you
just rent so the owner of the property
absorbs the volatility and then you pay
a premium to not have to deal with it
right I just want to say one thing
before I want to compare apples to
apples so if you have if you happen to
have that kind of money would you rather
be in a co-op or would you rather what
can you really buy for sixty thousand
dollars in New York City pretty much
nothing you can invest your money and
make money sure if you know the right
investment you could buy Bitcoin in 2012
sure no you could just buy like really
broad ETFs or mutual funds or things
that just track the market and make
money okay but for your housing
situation it's gonna be a mortgage right
you can't no I don't have to get a
mortgage there's nothing that says I
have to spend some amount of my money on
a mortgage and I could just rent and
then take the money out what does put on
a downpayment and invest on the market
oh I'm a big advocate of renting for
that reason I think that I'm not gonna
invest in real estate I'm gonna invest
in other stuff so I agree with you but
most people encourage homeownership yeah
but that's beyond this [ __ ] I think
homeownership is a stupid idea sold to
Americans it's not good I don't think
it's a good way to build wealth or
anything yeah [ __ ] we agree too much
okay fine but anyway the socialism let's
go back to this why do these these coops
have lines around the block they have
waiting lists for ten years right
there's no vision it's gonna do to your
landlord controversial renting out
properties about eleven percent vacancy
w88 so this is a country that makes fun
of China and its ghost cities but the
vacancy rate here
capitalism is 11% right not state
planning not central planning just
complete free kind of a free market
below that so the co-ops aren't subject
to that law somehow they're all 110%
full how well 10% forming I'm
exaggerating so basically people vote
with their feet and Milton Friedman is a
big fan of saying people vote with their
feet and they go into capitalist
societies sure but on a smaller level
not a country level people who will vote
with their feet and they often go to
socialist things like coops for some
reason there's a waiting list and
they're doing pretty well for themselves
no one wants to leave you know
that's significant that when people get
into coops they don't want to leave
right they don't want to leave except
for that just because the value is
appreciating the same way that if
somebody would own real estate they
wouldn't to sell it no I'm saying that
there's all these apartments right let's
say there's two of them two apartment
buildings next to each other okay once a
condo and one is a cooperative okay so
what I'm saying is that the vacancy rate
the way that the actual physical thing
is utilized is utilized far more and for
far less money per tenant than the other
building so if you leave these two
buildings alone and you let reality how
is it I don't know no Center it's far
less money
what are these savings come from I guess
the profit motive for one thing in some
markets prices go up because let's say
rent land is scarce another way wait
hold on I'm super confused what do you
mean by the profit motive if somebody
builds a house or a building and they
sell it to either cooperative or they
sell it to a private owner it's still a
profit motive they're either way right
right but then after they're done and
they leave these two organizations are
run completely differently right not one
has it all right are they yeah they are
the coop doesn't really have a profit
motive I'd be I wouldn't be surprised if
it would be a nonprofit corporation well
I mean it's it's nonprofit by definition
because the profits are passed out to
the members of the coop
we Baba yeah most cooperative yeah yeah
so this was like this was a big
criticism that Marx made that this idea
that if you just take the the actual
like means of production and you just
give it to the workers but you don't
actually change the way the economy is
planned like it's not really a socialist
thing right like there's still all the
same profit motives and everything
attached to it it's just now that the
workers are are making the profits but
but it's still like all like driven like
as a profit motive right like the co-op
wants to be successful the co-op wants
to make money like the coop for instance
isn't going to vote for policies like
let's say that it comes time for the
board to vote they're not gonna vote on
things are gonna lower the overall value
of the entire property right well the
coop wants to make money from outside
people but they're not gonna try to make
money from their own members that's the
point and one one other example to make
to bring it home wait you know but
that's true that's true of landlords as
well they don't want to make money off
themselves they want to make money from
other people in a co-op dozen want to
make money off of themselves they want
to make money off of other people
exactly I think we're saying the same
thing who is themselves
so in a coop themselves is actually the
whole group of tenants voting with a
representative democracy right so they
have a say and a voice in how the coops
run with with the landlord building its
take it or leave it if you don't like it
go to some other landlord right yeah I
guess but it's just like in order to get
into the coop the only way to do that is
you have to like have the upfront
capital to actually buy a share of it so
it's kind of similar to just being a
capitalist right like in some ways like
if you don't actually change the mode of
production right like what Marx would
say that when capitalism fails like the
actual modes of production need to
change not just who owns the means of
production that if you have people that
are able to buy in by these large shares
of a co-op to make profit it's a capital
investment except you do it into a co-op
and then you make money off of it much
the same way that a landlord makes a
capital investment of a property makes
money off of it like coops are
interesting ideas I don't think they're
bad but they they're they have
requirements for large upfront capital
investments aren't gonna help like poor
people right you'd have to go to a bank
and take a loan out or some crazy [ __ ]
like that right well they might help
poor people in the short run but and
again this is like Richard Wolff talks a
lot about socialist structures right and
he advocates for democracy at work at
corporations and while I am sympathetic
to that I don't
that's a good solution I think both
socialism and capitalism are kind of
outdated ways to sort of help poor
people and I can get into that I think
that might be a good next topic but my
point is yeah you're right the
co-operative or any socialist system is
just collectively owned so people are
sucking the teat of whatever gains
automation or whatever will come of that
organization but once they move they
become an immigrant right and we all
know what happens with immigrants they
get hazed they get they have to go
through these like waiting processes and
then yeah so like when you're the new
guy
you're not benefiting from socialism I
totally agree you're only benefiting if
you're grandfathered into the system
okay so okay so what's your next what's
like the solution to this how do you
help poor people okay so if you're
asking about what I think my my quote
unquote ideal society would be my ideal
Society would be less ownership in
general meaning like open source
there's no intellectual property almost
no intellectual property um and then
there is also way I I'm carry so let's
go buy this one at a time so you said no
IP at all
how do you get companies to invest in
like big projects if they're not gonna
make any money off of it you don't have
to what I'd like to see is again
voluntary what I'd like to see is you
know how okay so we've seen this in
software in the 90s there was a lot of
closed source software by Microsoft and
others Apple okay
then open source software came along and
again it didn't use government at all it
simply was in the long run better it
took off it was worse
how is open software better it took over
everybody right now users open source
software without even knowing how many
people use open source cellphone stuff
or open source desktops or open source
like games or open like this might be
surprising but everyone so let's go
let's go down the line um WebKit powers
Safari as well as Chrome Oh androids
almost nice Koch a still proprietor
though but I go ahead yeah yeah so like
Android you just yeah you named it like
linic obviously on the desktop is like
less people like to have nice glitzy
things but like on server-side I mean
apparently Internet is like powered by a
patch
the wordpress powers 30% of all web
sites nginx is another nice server the
point is yes open source has completely
eaten the large portion of it and there
didn't have to be any government that's
what technology does but here's the big
thing it has to be redistributed to
everybody
it can't be holed up in Microsoft's
server farm you know sure all right all
right they're still like isn't a lot of
software like really important software
today's still like closed source though
or still like proprietary like I would
say bleeding edge stuff is but then
quickly open source kind of absorbs it
Intel like let's say we like it so like
my industry's video games right like
have there ever been like successful
open source of video games no actually
video games was surprisingly resilient I
know I remember I was like 10 15 years
ago I said build 3d engines and there
was this you probably heard about a
crystal 3d or something like that but
I'm sure if you go down the stack far
enough pretty much everything in video
games is open source like C++ compilers
and what have you well but that's a
little reductive just because like
certain libraries are open doesn't mean
that the programs itself are open-source
right if you I'm saying if you consider
all the code that's ever been written to
power your game then probably 90% of it
is actually open sourced by now okay so
that's IP and again I don't want to just
dwell on open source I'll give you five
concrete examples besides open source
okay the other is science okay that's
been going on for hundreds of years okay
the guys like Newton he said if I you
know if I looked further right is
because I if I saw further is because I
was standing on the shoulders of giants
that was a bit of a pun by Newton
actually this contemporaries but the
point is the giants didn't rent their
shoulders to him like pharma companies
right they wouldn't say oh we have a
patent newton and you can't just simply
you know go ahead and invent the
calculus and you can't invent you know
Keppler didn't take his laws of
planetary motion and like try to make a
profit off them so throughout history
scientists have contributed not because
of a profit motive but because they got
sort of a ubi like a stipend from there
you know colleges and yeah so they were
free to actually contribute so
to answer your question who is going to
invest in this
everyone's gonna invest a little part no
one is no one's freedom is chilled to
like create a drug to like you know cure
malaria because they're not gonna have
the patent police like knock down their
door and say oh you you helped a lot of
these people but this idea is very
similar to an idea that's already been
patented you know okay so um as you
could tell you know I'm against patents
but I I'm sort of I'm sympathetic to
copyright like I think at least with
copyright if I make a book that's like
95 percent similar to your book at least
that can be shown but if I have an idea
just an idea and you say oh you know by
the doctrine of equivalents which is the
United States my idea is very similar to
your idea so you gotta pay me now it's
like come on dude you don't own ideas
you know so um even libertarians a lot
of the anarcho-capitalist of batarians I
speak to and they are against patents
they're against intellectual property so
that's actually another example is
Wikipedia so there was a time when
Encarta and Britannica were like the top
of the line ah they were great they were
big capitalist enterprises Britannica
was sold door-to-door by salesmen but
now who talks about Britannica who looks
things up in Britannica it's like boom
20 years later Wikipedia took over and
it's got more articles it's got a long
tail of just content upon content and
what's the economics of it you tell me
who profits off of Wikipedia right yeah
I mean Wikipedia is all open source I
don't know if that's so much open source
winning versus it being like a
technological thing but sure I think
those are intertwined I think as
technology improves there's gonna become
more and more opportunities to either
distribute it to all the people or for
people to just kind of lock it up in
their castle you know like I'm printer
was invented that's our printer right
you could just simply think about that
just think about printing I mean they go
on and on with phones but let's say
printing how many people were able to
use printing for whatever they want they
could print corn they could print
seditious literature at the beginning
governments were like wait a second
you're supposed to get like letters Pat
you're supposed to get a permission to
print on a print you know where does it
lift the graph or whatever dude now
people could just do this and the same
thing will happen with guns man the same
thing will happen that everything else
people will just simply 3d print
everything that they want and it's gonna
happen on the web as well so what my
company does is instead of you know what
do you do right now if you want a stream
you you use a discord I guess or even
what do you use actually destroy them
it's an obvious arts program is called
OBS oh there you go so you're ahead of
the game but a lot of people would just
like if I want to collaborate on a
document I'm gonna use Google Docs you
know what else like literally what would
you use Dropbox like so it's always
you're in the process of like step one
pick a landlord step two hope that they
have your interests at heart and like if
they don't then you get like Cambridge
analytic
or Oh Facebook subverted our democracy
maybe or they help someone it's like
this crap and then Congress passes laws
like last year they passed cesta FASTA
which was a law that said that pronoun
it was very well-meaning law it said
pornography of children should not be on
the Internet and if you're operating say
Craigslist you're responsible for taking
it off and you know who came out against
this you would think who would come out
against the law against child
pornography it was the EF f the
Electronic Frontier Foundation I think
even the civil I'm not sure that the
Civil Liberties Union but like why they
said how can you possibly police
everything it's too big Facebook's too
big they're gonna mess it up and you're
gonna kill free speech right well here's
the thing why are they too big why are
these communities hiring people to
translate from Hindi so they can see if
they should ban a post that's ridiculous
Hindi so in India they should have their
own open source network for like the
village right for example okay right so
there's no reason why if you want to
date someone in your village the signal
should go to California and like the NSA
will like look at everything there's no
reason for that inefficient and by the
way this is also contributing fossil
fuels it's like all that energy of
pushing the bits around the world for
absolutely no [ __ ] reason only
because in capitalism or at least
intellectual property version of it
Facebook will not release its back-end
software to anybody right so you can't
run your own thing so what my company
does is it basically builds open source
versions of Facebook so you can run so
you can have a village without good
Wi-Fi without good internet and still
you know have doctor's appointments and
[ __ ] and this is very important so
around the world right now just okay the
last month there was an Kashmir ok India
cut off their internet so you see
stories like Oh a pharmacy can't order
drugs anymore and now people are running
out of the drugs right because
everything is online and they're
addicted to like a good internet
connection to like Europe for some
reason because that's where the servers
are right zOC dock or whatever and then
you could also see in hong kong you'll
see this in the next months like china
well i'm sure try to mess with the
internet of hong kong at some point so
it's like what do they use so the Hong
Kong protesters used fire checked which
is a peer-to-peer mesh networking
software which no one can block so
that's in my opinion the future a future
where governments and large corporations
have no power to block communications
energy production pretty much anything
that would be really so again I'm sort
of a left libertarian as you can tell
from this I want things to be
distributed to everybody but I don't
want concentration of power in the hands
of the field so yeah ok what's like a
major policy proposal I guess but where
would you start with this kind of stuff
ubi would be a great start reducing the
40-hour workweek to a 30 hour work week
gradually would be a great start I am a
bit of a social conservative despite my
I guess redistributionist in economics
but socially I think the stuff that
we've been doing in the last 50 years
200 years often leads we're painting
ourselves into corners that we've never
tried before and they're not really
great corners in some respects so for
example we're going to work for
corporations we commute like miles per
day
like tens of miles which is ridiculous
wasting fossil fuels and then people
wonder how are we polluting the
atmosphere well you're commuting to your
job every day whereas like in the past
you wouldn't have a job to sit in a
chair at 30 miles away and then what
it's even worse than that
so adults are now medicating themselves
there's an opioid epidemic unfortunately
women one in four middle-aged women are
on antidepressants then they're putting
their kids into a public school so the
public school can educate them to work
in a corporation and the public school
also the system kind of medicates their
kids because the kids can't sit still
but they're told to shut up for ten
hours a day and sit down and shut up so
they get the ADHD now it's like
overprescribed
oh no there's a giant explosion in ADHD
diagnosis and then the elderly are
probably a lot of the time in nursing
homes not everybody mm-hmm a lot of the
time if both parents have to work you
don't have time to raise your kids and
see their first you know words or
whatever that happens with quote-unquote
professionals right and so your parents
can be seen after by professionals I
don't even know what they're getting
medicated over there so the whole
society is medicated okay this is
looking like USSR in like 80s with
everyone's like drunk and vodka right
because he something's wrong something's
wrong and I think what is wrong is that
so how do you unravel this thing so like
the there's so many ways you can improve
education you can flip the classroom
right you can have a 30 hour workweek so
that the parents could actually spend
some more time with their family right
that would be nice have a ubi but in
order for that to happen we need people
to stop thinking like people are getting
stuff they don't deserve you know it's
like oh this 47% of moochers including
children or elderly are getting like
they're getting our money my hard-earned
dollars and it's like dude you live in
the 21st century you get the last like
20 centuries of progress and freedom and
like technology those guys are dead
you're not compensating those guys right
so just by being born in a certain time
it's already a free gift you didn't earn
this gift right so why are you so stingy
with like okay you're born in the right
place
the right
but someone else was born somewhere else
oh they don't deserve it man they don't
deserve free stuff but I but I deserve
like to be born in the 21st century it's
like you know I get it it's not the same
because it's like an action on your part
that you're taxed but like well I'm just
basically saying it's the mentality of
it's my hard-earned money if we can get
over that and have a 30 hour work week
and the ubi and everything like that and
then we could eliminate IP then I think
we would have a society with much more
innovation people taking care of their
kids and frankly much better health
outcomes and much better everything
outcomes in my opinion okay
are you a big supporter of yang for the
ubi stuff um let's just say I built yang
2020 app how about that okay I don't
think he's gonna just so you know do you
have a what do you think is gonna win
I think Bernie's gonna win look I this
may sound sexist but if Warren drops out
not because she's a woman but if she
drops out she shares so much of her
votes with Bernie that he was gonna be
the front-runner I don't know if they're
planning to do that later on or maybe
he's gonna drop out and she's gonna win
but like they together are basically the
progressive wing of the party and
whoever stays in is gonna win in my
opinion gotcha wait what is her being a
woman after anything because a lot of
the time when you say things like that
there's always this question
oh are you saying she's why should she
drop out maybe Bernie should drop them
that kind of thing but look Bernie
planted the grass mm-hmm he waited if
she had entered in 2016 then she would
be the one right to plant all that grass
but he planted the grass roots he is
he's always been consistent and so like
who are my favorite guys is like ron
paul bernie sanders and andrew yang
Andrew Yang's a bit of a oddball out but
like Bernie Sanders and Ron Paul are
basically the same guy on different
sides of like slightly different sides
they're both consistent they're both
like Congress
thirty years and that's not sexy the
reason the media ignored them is not
because there's a corporate conspiracy
to ignore them it's just they're not
okay Bernie Sanders says the same thing
again that we all should live very well
and that we should have universal health
care like yeah there's nothing new about
him so I think what Bernie should do is
that he should have celebrities coming
out like on a timed basis like cardi B
comes out some guy comes out like they
could be his like cool factor because
he's just not he's just not cool yeah
and and one last thing is that you gotta
really stand up and take notice when a
guy who's old and not cool
draws tons and tons of young people out
you know mm-hmm so I am very much for
like people say they don't like populism
like what do you feel about populist
candidates I'm not a big fan of it but
yeah I'm not a big fan of populism in
general but one aspect of populism is
that people the crowd has a point right
this is the collective experience of
people that are like I said on opiates
and like really losing jobs a lot of the
time and like facing a new economy who
speaks to that is Andrew yang at this
time around right I'm okay with Bernie
having a jobs guarantee that may last
another eight years maybe that's pretty
good but in the end it's just inevitable
that we're going to need a ubi
or less kids or both mm-hmm and
socialism is a temporary stopgap and
even guys like Tucker Carlson are
actually like I saw Tucker Carlson than
Shapiro and he's like yeah why do you
blame people for becoming socialists
like their jobs are being eliminated
like so he wrote a book about but he's a
Luddite he thinks she's got to stop
technology like no you have to embrace
technology and you have to just make
sure that people get unconditional money
because they're not gonna have enough
demand for human labor is gonna go down
it's just that it's eventually gonna
happen and what are you gonna do at that
point you're gonna move in with your
roommates or their parents like that
too bad I guess but you know mm-hmm
anyway so what do you think I don't want
to hear myself just talk is that it has
anything that I've said rubbed you the
wrong way or I mean there's a lot of
interesting ideas I just I don't really
know where to go with any of it okay
yeah see this is the thing I'm like I
call myself a techno libertarian um I
guys like Andrew yang speak to people
like me
right because they talk about look at
all the robots look what Amazon is doing
look what McDonald's is doing right look
at overall buzz it can cook that's an
example most people today like Bernie
god bless him but he's like living you
know he's socialist living he's not
really he's a Democrat he's a Social
Democrat sure budge you know erroneously
calls himself a socialist but anyway
socialism is not gonna save us and
capitalism is gonna just rot that is
just gonna become worse and worse like
though well you kind of like the Indian
dream of the Brahmin which just becomes
worse and worse until the Brahmin wakes
up you know that's Hinduism I think
that's what's gonna happen with
capitalism where's like you gotta have
ubi man you gotta have unfettered like
innovation mm-hmm and take care of your
kids I don't know I don't think I'm
saying anything that objectionable so I
it's hard to have a debate when I don't
know I I guess um let me know okay let
me argue for something very country I
got 10 minutes okay I got it okay
or maybe I can come on another time and
do this again I don't know what do you
think maybe I will say all right um okay
you might want to argue against this one
um polygamy okay I think that we should
legalize polygamy um I don't know I
don't think a lot about the implications
of that one that's a dramatically
reforged family structure what you would
like multiple men be allowed to be
married to one woman or is this like
multiple women to one man or how does
that
so by I guess look I mean socially and
legally I think it should be allowed
that both men and women should be
legally allowed I think in some
consenting adults again as a libertarian
they should have the right to do
whatever they want whatever arrangement
they want marriage shouldn't be overseen
by state licenses and everything oh yeah
well that's because my question was
gonna be about like the tax show because
getting married it's like pretty
preferential for tax status if there's a
differential and income right well if
you talk to a libertarian leaning person
they're just gonna say you know who care
like the taxes why is the state involved
in that chair oh I don't think that's
that kind of Russia we get rid of all
like tax incentives or whatever for
married people then yeah whoever wants
to get married and get married [ __ ] it
yeah okay cool
[ __ ] controversial take my controversial
take is that polygamy is natural because
throughout history we have twice as many
female ancestors as we have male
ancestors this can be verified
genetically because men used to kill
each other men would literally just
tribes would fight and any tribe that
sacrificed women and children would be
really dumb because men can repopulate
the next generation right it goes back
to biology like women can have one maybe
two kids at a time for nine months and
then they have to like breastfeed them
and wean them and everything men like if
90% of your guys died in war you're
still fine you're completely fine well
it's like 90% of your women died that's
really stupid so we always like we
protect women and children it's not just
uh you know the patriarchy or whatever
it's literally like groups that didn't
protect women and children are not
around it's just evolution okay so men
in their genes I think are more
promiscuous like at least in their
mindset right and again it's just
evolutionarily women don't need to be so
promiscuous because they just need
forgive me you know they need to be
someone to impregnate them they have a
child right they reproduce a man has to
like get a woman to impregnate but they
fight they die for their tribe and then
they are used to having a lot of women
and by the way you don't have to go
in history very much after World War two
the country I came from Russia right SSR
I had 30 million people dead right and
most of those were men I could be wrong
about that but you can always test if
people die in war if men die it's
usually war does this report lis men
they will he die then it was probably a
siege of a city or some sort of like
atrocity okay okay so that's actually
very helpful way to know what happened
um so so if men died in war which is
what I think happened what do you think
happened like you can paper it up and
pretty it up all you want men were
having sex with a lot of women after
that war you know mm-hmm because women
would prefer that they wouldn't want to
be celibate for the rest of their life
you know so yeah I think polygamy is
like entrenched in human history and
today you could see polygamy in Muslim
societies a lot of the time also
sometimes in Hindu Indian societies so
like in Muslim societies like but here's
the thing right polygamy for it to work
there has to be more violence also so I
don't think it's necessarily although
look Europe was very violent until the
20th century so there's many factors and
I are gonna say just one factor but the
natural state of man is to have polygamy
and kill their men and now we live in a
world that's only what 50 years old 100
years old it's that's not happening and
that's why I think men are a little bit
like what are we doing like why am I
feeling a little bit um like I don't
have enough or something well I'm not
satisfied and I think that we're gonna
have to either adjust our psyche to the
new reality but our brains are still
like I think still you know there's
enough genetics to make men think oh I'm
kind of me horny you know so yeah I
don't know okay how about this here's a
controversial take if what we have in
the Muslim societies we can we actually
have in Western Christian societies we
have an Western
society's so Christians had the
disestablishment the separation of
church and state and they were able to
do that better than Muslims because
Christian books are essentially written
by a powerless sect so they don't have
any prescriptions for laws and state
things whereas like Muhammad was pretty
powerful towards the end and he was able
to put in a bunch of like laws and how
they run courts and stuff so Christians
are able to sort of divorce their
government more easily because there's
less in the books that they'll have to
like you know to contend with and so
they're basically secular but then what
happens is you've got two groups you've
got before marriage and after marriage
so like you're not married right
not currently not okay so I would wager
to say that you're no stranger to this
before marriage some guys get a lot of
women and some guys get hardly any women
right okay and I guess you can call it
guys and girls like if they're younger
so okay so like what's I think that's
tiny I bet if you looked at the
statistics it would look the curve would
look exactly like in polygamous
societies we you know we're like 20% of
the guys are getting like 80% of the
women or something yeah basically yeah
the pareto thing okay so but then once
you get married see that's when the
stability comes in right the society
favors marriage because well first of
all because there's less people that are
frustrated and oh this okay this is see
we gotta do this again because I gotta
go soon but like then I'm gonna talk
about in cells and I'm gonna talk about
how in the Muslim world also a lot of
people who join Isis are actually
celibate it's like before they joined
Isis they joined for the and it's a big
thing and people don't talk about it but
like yes who ends up committing a lot of
the violence not I let me be clear I'm
not saying if you're an insult you're
going to commit violence rather the
other way if you look at a lot of the
mass murders that have been happening it
is done by insults and again I would
like to change society I'd like to make
society so that we don't sit in our
computers
all day long and no offense I do it as
well
and and you used to be that he had a
village you know you didn't have to
commute 30 miles to work the Amazon guy
didn't come by with the package and and
you have a one second interaction didn't
order food in you know you actually like
there was no cell phones there was no
Facebook like you actually had to call
somebody up and talk to them you know
and be and meet with them and before the
phone before the phone like people
actually had to meet in person
mmm-hmm and a lot of the times I'm gonna
maybe Li like end with this and like you
tell me what you think a lot of times a
lot of this stuff with like pickup
artists or like how do I talk to this
girl or like oh I have this anxiety
approach anxiety how do I talk to this
girl here's the thing you don't like
throughout human history you do not talk
to the girl like like the phone is what
changed it you can actually like you'd
have to go into her village win over her
family not get killed like not get run
out of the village you have a reputation
the phone is what changed it so now like
you get her digits and suddenly like you
can call her and he used to be like when
I was growing up in the 90s um there was
no cell phones so you have to talk to
her mom right you have to talk to our
family now it's even like dude like you
and now you like the next decade to talk
on the phone and the next decade is like
you don't even talk you just text like
lol you know I'll call you like whatever
and it's like dude that's what I mean by
being a conservative is that I don't
think the society is getting into a
healthy place living on their own
everyone's on their own depressed
getting Amazon deliveries like don't get
me wrong I like Amazon I'm just saying
there needs to be more human contact and
I think we're losing that and we're
sticking our kids into public school and
we're working for corporations like long
hours unless something changes like ubi
or 30 hour workweek or anything it's
gonna be a Red Queen theories you're
gonna people are gonna work longer hours
because you're not gonna have enough
money to pay for rent they're gonna
stick their kids into like preschool
kindergarten and like I don't know this
I don't see it getting any better under
capitalism in my opinion yeah probably
yeah okay yeah all right dude I know I
don't know I kind of expected it to be a
little contentious like I don't know I I
don't know how it works usually to be
honest with you is this going anywhere
is this like um I need it maybe it might
be better to have like one like focus
topic maybe in the future I guess I mean
I guess like broadly there's like a lot
of stuff to tangle with but that's true
mm-hmm all right dude well maybe next
time I'll like come up with a topic that
we can cover but anyway I just want to
say I really respect a lot of the
takedowns that you do of conservatives
or what I've seen on YouTube I imagine
that's like 1% of what you do because
you know it's only a few videos and do
this all the time I guess
so what exactly is this like what do you
stream and then you just have somebody
call in and like you question them or
like what depends on it depends on
what's going on but every now and then I
just kind of gamble and I pull on a
random guy that emails me and says he
wants talk about a ton of things and
that's a wee bit today so yeah yeah
that's awesome well I I guess I feel
pretty good there you're not gonna put
up a video saying destiny destroys you
know Greg with all those topics right no
I don't think so hopefully no I don't do
any of my youtube channel but I don't
think that'll happen so all right hey
yeah okay last thing can I get like a
link to whatever this is like if this
goes down YouTube or whatever can I wait
yeah I'm not sure it'll go up but if it
does we'll try to send it you okay yeah
man all right all right all right have a
good weekend
yep have a go done whatever is hitched
behind you can go a different way than
when you came in I guess yeah I'm not
sure wait destiny that's not true at all
