some guys trying to play explain a
simple concept to a son and it keeps
missing the point and and because of
that I feel like this is going to [ __ ]
over the smaller streamer because it's
much more difficult for the smaller
smaller streamer to pursue the platform
and say hey they're violating my they're
violating my [ __ ] you know free
speech limitations or they're violating
my fair use rather than a twitch being
terrified of let's say um G or Sony
suing the [ __ ] out of them and taking
the necessary measures in a similar
fashion to how they dole out TOS
violations currently which would her and
other ways to regulate inhabitant of the
of the platform to actually care about
this my content crater right then why
would I do that why did they try to do
article well it's kind of what they're
doing it's kind of doing the through
making them liable and it's kind of I
absolutely good because I was just
discussing this with co-worker the other
day I absolutely get why this sounds as
if you make from making the in inhabit
from making it from the I bet you have
to they will absolutely go out of
proportion and make absolutely no and
take absolutely no risk and just
implement this system that will make
everything extreme but in fact the
opposite will take place because right
now this extreme measures that twitch
and Google have in place they extreme in
one way meaning
the extreme in favor of the claimant and
that's not regulated so my resolution to
that would be to regulate and making
making a fair case for the claimant and
for a claimant and the victim right of
the copyright claim and that's going to
help him through article 14
there I know but you you haven't proven
to me that and maybe I'm wrong correct
me if I'm wrong so you haven't proven to
me that that that there is any sort of
responsibility on the plateau or there
is any sort of instance where the
platform will side with the smaller
content creator out of fear let's say
out of fear than smaller content creator
is going to sue them over the fear that
they're going to have that the larger
media companies like UMG and Sony are
going to sue the company so in that
sense they have much better tool set in
place to fight back against smaller
streamers and just [ __ ] be like all
right you know what we we we nuke do you
because how many summarize the sun's
point what does this how do smaller
streamers a large number like bolt
streamers would get [ __ ] how does this
a small extra more larger streamer
problem long moderation teams and why
with with leads to this because they're
kind of in a position where they don't
really have a choice meaning Google and
twitch don't really have a choice what
do I mean by that
they can't go absolutely insane and just
looking it would be financially a
disaster for them in of course it gives
them more twists to in singular cases to
gonna come ask the sky article 13
questions wait what does how songs
discord I don't know if I'm even in it
god I hate this court servers how I am
in it and my voice Channel hey what's up
what is the question
oh you did alright he came in we talked
Sunday listen all you German [ __ ]
sound the same to me okay what are we
talking about in here okay I picked
another channel
okay what do you got yeah so basically
my claim is that article 14 will support
small content creators and modern and
without them content creators well so
basically what we have been arguing
about is what it came down to is that
the company the platform
meaning Google and twitch liable for the
content right yeah just a huge meme
about it yeah but yeah which is I don't
think it's bad and I explained why from
one point of view like we have we have
to get we can go to two extremes over
here we can either just ban everything
that can be copyright infringement if
you have in one frame of some corporate
and finish material we just spend the
whole video or they call a whole channel
and go absolutely bonkers not sue with
it right you can't really do that out of
financial reasons because it wants to do
that you just specially a host site
right it depends but I understand what
you're saying
yeah because let's say in twitch you you
wouldn't be able to do in real life
streams Norma streams would be really
restrictive to do yeah well I mean it
depends on how much liability are open
to for hosting the content like what
those penalties are so for instance
let's say that if I play like like a
song on my stream that's copyrighted but
you know some made you record there but
let's say that because of article 13 or
whatever I'm open to a hundred thousand
dollars per copyright infringement or
something or something like that it
might actually make sense to just
instantly pull the trigger on people
that are streaming that type of stuff it
would be that's what I was arguing
that's what has done is arguing that
twitch win that Google will not take the
risk and just go absolutely nuke nuke it
away
sure yeah and that's it I think I think
Emmett has said that that's what they
are looking at right now is using their
Content ID system that what they have
developed is to use it live and to
automatically flag and terminate
accounts that are broadcasting
copyrighted content but I don't know if
that's confirmed by so it's like ah yeah
sure yeah go ahead yeah it's confirmed
it's just statements that Google makes
the probably wants yeah these were
statements from the CEO of twitch image
here however to be to be clear also for
people that are listening article 13
isn't a law right these are like
religions
yeah but like the actual like with the
ward egde of the laws has to be written
by each I think EU member state like how
they decide to enforce it yeah yeah it's
just a blanket thing and each state has
to enforce it themselves
yeah i directive yeah okay sorry sorry
go ahead yeah yeah that's what so
basically they can either go absolutely
bonkers but they would annihilate their
own platform doing doing that
like YouTube wouldn't be YouTube if you
would just cooperate every single thing
same as twitch twitch would probably be
a bad financial decision for them to do
that because and this is a huge thing
like if there was an actual fine for
every day the copyright infringement
meaning like if I read it second day of
him music that its copyright protected
we could find a hundred thousand dollars
or something that's not the case this is
are talking about proportionate and
proportionality at negligence
meaning that in general if twitch in
general doesn't care about copyright the
you can [ __ ] them over right that's the
same about it yeah absolutely and they
can actually find them is what you're
saying it doesn't have to be they're not
implementing a fine
right now yeah later down the line they
could potentially find them before they
wouldn't be able to the only thing that
could have happened is if these big
corporations actually sued the
platform's for violation of or like
negligent violation of copyright yeah
but what you're talking about
can I need to begin with what you're
talking about already exist in the form
of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
isn't it yeah but that's in America I
think yeah but but that's already exist
in the United States we're basically the
idea is you have to make a good-faith
effort to keep copyrighted content off
of your platform and as long as you do
you have there's like a safe harbor
provision that makes it so you can't
thirteen can why can't our two have the
same exact safe harbor to the same thing
no it's not because it doesn't have a
safe harbor provisions that would that
would take negligent or that would take
the liability away from the platform's
if they're making a good-faith effort
that's the whole point that would okay
so like there might be there might be a
station though yeah there might be a
safe harbor there might be a safe
everything but the question is is in the
United States it seems like the two most
important things it seems for safe
harbors is one it seems like you can't
you have to make some type of effort to
not automatically host an archive
copyrighted content so that's where the
Google Content ID comes from that's
where the twitch thing comes from right
you have to be a little proactive and
the two you have to respond within some
like 24
or some [ __ ] - like DMCA takedown
requests basically request to remove
copyright infringing material off of a
site if it's submitted by somebody that
fills out a form is the safe harbor
provision provided by article 13 do you
think that's gonna be similar but
similar or do you think it's gonna be
less lenient towards the platform that's
hosting the copyright in front of
content it's gonna be similar it's gonna
be it's not what are you talking about
it literally you just said that the plot
that's the whole point the entire reason
why we're even arguing about this is
because it's very it's dissimilar to the
provision that exists in the United
States if it was identical to DMCA then
no one would be making a [ __ ] big
stink about this at all people would be
like all right well this is not the best
possible system that we have in place
but it exists in the US and it works
fairly well much better than it would in
the EU the proposed solution in the EU
takes it one step further there are no
safe harbor provisions that's precisely
the reason why Google and all these
other large companies that definitely
need some form of regulation in other
instances are rallying against this but
you're blowing out of proportion how
much more strict to this that's what I'm
saying that it is somewhat more strict
and that's why Google's blowing it out
of proportion as much
well because nobody wants to copyright
nobody wants to enforce copyright stuff
because it's just a pain on the host's
right nobody exactly and that's why I
guess it's so much by just blowing it
out of proportion calling it the Berne
and in general it seems like copyright
is generally used to further entrench
the the interests of those who are
already really wealthy alike if you look
at how copyright is historically used
generally smaller platforms benefit from
people sharing the content larger
platforms or it's arguably don't even
it's not a big judgment but like people
are usually stealing from larger
platforms like I I have a hard time
understanding why you think that these
types of provisions are going to benefit
small content creators unless you mean
they're just gonna hurt large content
creators more than they were hurt small
content creators well because in general
it's true what you're saying meaning it
normally would benefit huge companies in
a case for example TV or music music
industry that's what traditionally
always happened but in case of the
Internet there's a lot of smaller
content creators that in huge problems
due to DMCA takedowns
and that's what I'm arguing for way
how does this how does this change the
process oh you're saying a small content
creator might face like bullying from
larger people because of DMCA takedowns
isn't it yeah but article 13 is gonna
provide a similar framework by which to
attack small content creators what's the
difference now the difference is that
article 14 is regulating exactly this
process meaning it's regulated in both
in both ways
someone just cares about it in general
meaning it's going to be looked at and
regulated and both way it's not just for
the content creator but also for the
claimant right yeah that's that's the
proportionate it's the this depends
solely on technological effort and
what's possible with proportionality
well yeah like in the United States like
we regulate this are our quote unquote
way of regulating is basically when you
fill out like a DMCA when you fill out a
copyright takedown request you fill it
out under penalty of perjury yeah yeah
and the European Union doesn't think
that that's enough which is obviously
proven by a lot of the programs to which
happened okay and that's why I'm making
it a little bit more certain by making
linking it and tying it to the
technological and financial efforts
meaning that a huge company that Google
which has the means of having a
moderating team that actually responds
within four weeks or within like four
weeks and not a year Google is that has
the proportional finances and resources
to support it and this is what the
proportionality part of the article
when you say proportionality can you
explain what you mean by that what is
proportionality like what is when
proportionality by that I refer to the
extra thing from the directive and this
refers to the technological and to not
just best faith but to have
proportionate systems and measured
proportionate systems and AD measures in
place to actually protect copyright in
power voice this is I can I don't know
if you have to director open but right
here wait I just think it's to you
directly
there's the sub point proportionality
which is under a second picture thing
thank you
yeah sure that's why I can't I can't
read all this right now this [ __ ]
20-pin yeah yeah it's it's a bit Maya
it's basically what it's saying um I
still think that out of them but I don't
see how this could possibly benefit like
I mean like well yeah but I mean like
technically wouldn't this give like
larger companies even a greater means to
like enforce their copyright protections
against other content creators like what
they already have that I mean they kind
of already why is there why is there
additional measures that are necessary
measures regulate how they do it meaning
that it's not just regulating in case of
the giving them a choice to do that it's
not exactly that because they already
have other tools but it's restrict its
actually regulating and looking at how
they use these two is because until now
it's just a DMCA thing and now it's an
European Union thing meaning that
there's another player that can actually
look at how YouTube does uses the tools
to deal with copyright infringement and
that's my whole point okay I mean I
still don't
I mean I understand what you're saying
in terms of how it could help small
content creators but I mean I still
think that the ability to enforce like
copyright more strictly especially
because come platforms are gonna be more
proactive about it I still feel like
that's gonna favor larger content
creators I guess it could help I think
that it's very small was both sure I
think well I think it's a very small
niche of people that are getting like
falsely striked and usually when this
happens there's like a big stink about
it so I go ahead yeah I'm the trivet
since my initial people maybe it's for
me it's out of proportion but I've seen
a lot of a lot of claims like that and
that's mainly a reason for apocalypse
and it's a reason of which a lot of
problems on wave a reason for the ad
pocalypse
yeah it's also reason for that I think
because a questionable content on
YouTube reason doesn't really doesn't
look at its content that's it is a thing
being able to DMCA stuff have anything
to do with getting weight yeah are you
are you saying that article 3
Dean also places severe infringement on
freedom of speech on like in the way
that it currently exists no on YouTube
platforms that are already being
regulated by their own Terms of Service
like with this no what I'm saying is
that's like I know what I'm saying that
until now how Google operates is they
just have content some sort of content
that belongs to someone they don't
really care about it's just something
that's generating views and through the
means of article 14 they actually are
liable for what's on the website
meaning that in terms of copyright
infringement meaning that they actually
have to care who what belongs to for
themselves it gives them an financial
incentive to use it for themselves which
you didn't have to up to note it can
just host whatever continent if
something comes up they disbanded but
right now with the article 13 they're
going to be more liable to to actually
care about what's on the content went
from whom because they are liable
themselves and yeah and it's kind of
tying into that not do you think it's do
you think that's good that like a con
that a platform like YouTube can't can
be held liable for things that other
people upload what wouldn't this but
this is extend to like Twitter and
Facebook as well sure yeah I think yeah
it extends to everyone but within a
certain proportionality right so the
only extends to the major points meaning
Facebook and this also means that they
will have to fit them or out this is how
I can get the plebs on my side I'm just
I'm sorry I just read what son wrote and
said this is gonna take the clips on
myself basically our Saban's repost
pretty much entirely but the whole name
about is is there a need and repost yeah
because they will have to have some sort
of moderation team some sort of content
weight if you're on Reddit and it's like
a link aggregate site you can just
repost a link again that's not copyright
infringement
yeah that's not but because they don't
really care but if you just use the same
picture twice it's already not really
copyright infringement with
some sort of duplicate on the website
and through that it's not specifically
copyright infringement but it can file
into the system that's a side effect
wait wait wait wait wait wait if I post
a link on a link aggregate site and then
I post that link again later no I could
fall under no no just the same data
basically fruta it's a side side effect
of what actually with the system so we
do in place basically what the article
fed into in conclusion says the websites
don't really have to change anything
that they are doing right now they just
have to enforce it meaning they can't
just brush it off well like you say you
say you say they don't have to change
anything but the reality is is that if
they're gonna be facing additional
liability here this is the only system
so yeah this is going to be like a
simple calculation for Google right like
if it's gonna cost like a [ __ ] ton of
money to regulate these types of things
and then inevitably some stuff is still
gonna slip through and they are still
going to face some level of litigation
it might become it might be prudent of
them to get very aggressive would like
their Content ID system ahead of time
and one of the things that they mention
is placing a limitation before the
content gets uploaded before the content
ever gets seen by anyone else and that
was the giant problem I want you guys to
talk about as well something that we
talked about briefly was potentially
putting up libraries of copyrighted
content I think that this is ineffective
and almost impossible because there are
you know millions of [ __ ] new content
creators so it would be virtually
impossible to have a have a copyright
library copyright free library of
infinite content for infinite amounts of
creators so again yeah it's not like to
tell you looks like one of my youtube or
one of my twitch wahts and puts it on
YouTube like I can sue YouTube now to
get that taken down well let's just talk
about the first ring I'm sorry
an important part that we are arguing
about all the time
the basically the financial program of
implementing
detection system versus just been in
everything right it might be easier to
just implement if the rules would be
real strict on what is to be banned if
the fines would be restrict it might be
just financially more viable to ban
every content instead of that might be
infringement from from the get-go
instead of having an intelligent system
that detects copyright infringement my
argument for that is that the article 14
specifies very Dex rules regarding this
but most strict rules and already are in
place meaning they don't have to
perfectly determine every copyright
claim and they don't have to detect the
brodster fair use exactly right they
just have to do it better than they are
doing it already
right that's the whole thing okay all
right I understand I gotta play against
my position I guess like I'm arguing
this in a little a little bit from a
different angle I really [ __ ] hate
copyright I think all of it should [ __ ]
about right so well destiny I wrote an
email depending exactly this topic why
did you write it yeah they could stay oh
I probably believe it's because I don't
respond to any action whoa but hey if
you come in on Sunday we can chat about
it if you want okay
otherwise it's good whoa [ __ ] content
[ __ ] copyright I still don't think you
established that this is gonna be more
beneficial for smaller cons and credits
and larger ones other than I guess it
can protect some smaller content
creators for being falsely like
copyright claimed but I think that's a
minority of content creators I think
generally copyright I think usually
benefits more entrenched wealth if you
have a lot more capital a lot more power
you can create stuff that's gonna
benefit from those copyright laws that's
why you don't see like indie artists
pushing copyright laws but [ __ ]
Disney so I don't know I still don't
totally buy that argument but I kind of
understand what you're saying yeah let's
talk about that sometime yeah about
copyright okay I love you
[Music]
