I'm Miriam hunt bear now don't chase
animal the traps gay question is it's
just like like a bunch of people that
don't know anything about sexuality like
trying to talk about it it's just so
you're adding it's like it's not funny
it's not meaning it's just really stupid
and it's like a constant reminder of how
hopefully [ __ ] inadequate people are
for having any conversations evolved
around sexuality this is really
irritating does it come up over and over
again and the discussions it always
leads to it's like really [ __ ] stupid
it's like asking a roomful of like first
graders like what their opinion is about
like bisexuality like it's just totally
[ __ ] stupid like most of you're way
too [ __ ] [ __ ] to have the
conversation isn't it like shitposting
it's not shitposting most of you just
[ __ ] stupid I don't know why you
claim [ __ ] like the art of [ __ ] posting
or trolling means that you know the
opinion you have is [ __ ] [ __ ]
when you say stuff that you own
ironically believe or don't understand
and you know that it upsets people
because they see how [ __ ] [ __ ]
you are that's not trolling that's just
you being stupid and then people getting
upset because you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] is
it's not that's not trolling that's just
being stupid I don't know why that
counts is trolling the am i gay question
is perfectly valid for a teenager
explain we doesn't fully explore they're
quick it's it's a question that you ask
when you don't understand anything about
your sexuality or more likely especially
in today's norms you're incredibly
[ __ ] insecure about your sexuality
which for men is far more likely to be
the actual reason for asking a question
like if something like it for instance
like if somebody sets in that way I
think this guy's kind of attractive does
that make me gay lol like that's like
okay like you just I don't know talk
more about traps and talk about if
somebody asks or traps gay right there
90% of time the Jenkins's LOL [ __ ]
recycled [ __ ] memes i guess are
hilarious but usually like the
conversation is just really dumb because
you the way that we look at sexuality
isn't usually like you're not equipped
to answer the question like and it's
just dumb anyway like if you ever find
yourself wondering like a mic day you're
probably not even mature enough to ask
the question like it's a really stupid
[ __ ] question or you shouldn't even
know you have to ask yourself am i gay
like that's just a stupid thought to
have like
I don't know I like society's current
views or whatever like everything
related to sexuality is like hardcore
[ __ ] triggering it's just really
annoying because most people like their
thoughts on it are like them the
maturity level like a second grader
what's the alternative just
acknowledging that it's not something
that's binary sure that everything
exists on a spectrum and that's it like
if you see some dude and he's attractive
it's whatever if you [ __ ] with some guy
and it's fun and it's whatever it's just
not like this aight this idea you have
to like [ __ ] hardcore categorize
yourself into something like oh god like
i blue guy like am i [ __ ] gay now I
don't know like just [ __ ] Livia like
dude like if you want to get a boyfriend
get a boyfriend if you wanna get a
girlfriend get a girlfriend why he's so
hyper concerned like hyper fixated and
answering this question so you could put
yourself in a box cuz you can't possibly
exist like in this world where you're
not actually sure I don't know maybe I'm
gay me maybe I'm a man who the [ __ ]
cares like it shouldn't be that huge of
a deal to you there shouldn't be so much
of your so much of your like personality
you shouldn't be staked in this like
really arbitrary like pointless question
I'm like am i gay are my not gay he's
really I don't know I really think this
subject is worth the discussion okay
what do you want to discuss bro to be
fair gay people find comfortable and
confidence of being blah blah blah now
it's actually yeah that's why I don't
really give a [ __ ] that's fun that's how
you have to define your [ __ ] life cuz
you like nothing else and good for you I
guess I don't care if you're gay or not
this is why this is a big problem to
have like LGBTQ communities I notice
that they're like very hardcore and like
defining their [ __ ] character like
centered around like their sexual
identity sometimes but oppressed groups
need oppress cops need to be able to do
it in fact yeah and I don't know
whatever did yeah probably I don't know
it okay so I in a lot differently in
this respect I understand it yeah we go
to burn I don't understand all right I
mean I get it I understand other people
it's just a me versus other people think
I understand I love all be very much
okay sucking dick is gain nothing will
change that not necessarily
maybe you just suck a dick buy the [ __ ]
cut maybe you do doesn't mean you want
to date guys wherever that you want to
[ __ ] future guys I don't know maybe you
try it once I don't know I just who
carries do you think there's a
worthwhile conversation and talking
about sexuality and definitions probably
not because it cuz the thing is that
sexuality is going to lay like on a much
on it's gonna be a higher level topic
and what we have to actually talk about
it's gonna be something like very
fundamental and in talking about like
the higher level topic is worthless
without it's doing the fundamental thing
and the fundamental thing can vary
widely from person to person where some
people are gonna like join in Peter
stocks will actually go homosexuality
and straightness are found in nature and
we add hair to this binary and it is the
only way by which we can live our lives
or whatever like these people like
there's no talking to if that's your
view that like gay or straight or
whatever has to be like some rigid set
in stone definition and it's there's
nothing to really talk about with this
type of person right whereas if you're
somebody that agrees with me on a lot of
foundational issues you probably can
extrapolate out by sexual positions from
there so it's it's like it's like a
foundational thing it's kind of like
having a debate on abortion when the
debate is really like when is a person
considered a human right do you identify
as a straight male okay so here's okay
so here is my here's my foundational
thought okay and I'll tell you why both
of the why I would say no to both of
those words
here is my foundational thought when we
categorize things okay
typically when we categorize things
usually categorize things because
there's a power in doing so there
there's a value in doing so if I tell
you the difference between two
categories do you have an i5 or an i7
there's a power in that categorization
right such that um and i-5 typically has
four cores maybe two and i7 typically
has four cores or more and offers
hyper-threading right it's you and I
think sometimes they're bent higher I
don't know actually a bit higher right
there's a value in that categorization
oh do you have a samsung phone or you
have a Google phone right there's a
value in this categorization right so
when somebody asks like like in terms of
like
for questions of like is somebody
straight like I I just don't see the
value in like in even asking the
question or associating yourself in it
in that way if you only ever happen to
go through life and you're attracted to
people of the opposite sex or gender
whatever then that's just what happens
right but like defining yourself as
being straight or gay or bi is literally
saying there are groups of people that I
will never even consider or open myself
up to the opportunity of considering
that just seems like why would you do
that I don't understand why you would do
that right I would never like I would
never make this definitive seem like I
am straight right why would I say that
maybe at some point in my life I don't
know maybe there is a cutie-pie guy that
I would consider dating I don't know I
haven't met him yet maybe I never will
but like I just don't see the value in
like categorizing myself in such a way
it doesn't seem like there's any power
in doing that like I am gay I am
straight alright like these types of
categorization is just seem inadequate
when it comes to sexuality especially
because people change over time too
right
I've known people who were very straight
and then at some point in their life
they kind of just became a little bit
more gay they didn't really date people
of the opposite sex anymore or opposite
gender whatever the [ __ ] right or people
that used to be kind of gay and then
when they grew up you know now they
started dating more of the operator like
I don't know it just seems like a weird
way to box yourself in you know
would you give that answer to everyone
someone who asks you because they're
interested in you but that would never
be my like defining thing right
if a girl would've come with me like hey
I'm really interested in you would I be
like oh well I'm straight so you're in
luck what if it was a girl I wasn't
interested in what I say I'm gay
what if a guy came up to me and was like
trying I was like hey like I really want
to date you like we should date my
answer wouldn't be I'm gay or I'm sorry
my answer wouldn't be I'm straight or
I'm not interested in mind specific no
I'm not really interested right now
would be my answer it's not gonna be
like a categorical denial of the
person's like sexual sex or gender
whatever II would just be like I'm not
interested in dating you I don't know
like I don't I don't find the need to
have these categories in order to tell
somebody that you don't want to date
somebody right like oh well you know I
might date you but I'm straight man so
like I can't do it you know [ __ ] like we
perfect in every way but I'm straight
man I can't do it I'm sorry you know
like people use the terms cuz they're
familiar with the concepts not because
they expect rigidity no I think people
use the terms because I think most
people's understanding of sexuality is
incredibly [ __ ] naive I think that
most men are incredibly sexually what's
the word I'm looking for
sexually unconfident or lack of
confidence in their sexuality it's we're
all like the gaming's and should come
from super ultra [ __ ] cringe to
insecure yeah that's the what I was
looking for what do you a cave in
anything grabbed to be a trap I don't
know what the [ __ ] a trap is if Nathan
go to be transgender then sure I don't
care that's fine
hopefully we figure it out before he
goes through puberty the idea of the
word trap is really irritating too I
just don't like the concept of it and
there are transgender people that defend
it too or transgender people might
community to defend it and and I reject
that too I think if you're a transgender
person and you defend the concept of the
word trap I think you're equally [ __ ]
stupid as any straight or none or binary
whatever [ __ ] person defends it as
well I don't know it's [ __ ] ohms we
does not trigger look I've got a recon
in Lane okay
wouldn't think destiny would support the
100 genders thing I don't support a
hundred genders I just think that the
concept of gender is just probably
really inadequate to describe what we
are as people
Jenner just seems like a dumb notion to
me I don't know if you really think
about it it just seems kind of dumb but
what do you what information are you
again it's just like what kind of
information are you communicating with
calling somebody of male or female or or
maybe more specifically like a man or a
woman or a boy or girl it just doesn't
seem like the
because so much of our traits are
spectrum like how much information are
you communicating right like man are
sometimes taller than women they're
sometimes stronger than women women are
sometimes more emotional than men like
everything exists like hard cornice
pregnant doesn't seem like a very useful
way of categorizing people especially as
a binary maybe it'd be more useful to do
it with a hundred [ __ ] genders or
whatever I don't know it just seems
better to look at I don't know I just
don't I just don't see the value in it
but I mean it but some people can't
fathom a [ __ ] world without these
boxes so I mean if that's what your life
like my all means
like knock yourself out people are
religious to I don't know whatever makes
you feel better what are you supposed to
say because this is how it's always been
what do you you don't have to say
anything it's just this is like a they
people feel like we need this thing like
well how do i categorize somebody if I
don't have the words to like well why do
it you just is it maybe it's just not a
useful way of doing it
that's nice Kimber those boxes just
because most people's attraction falls
into the boxes their attraction falls
into the boxes because the box exists
right it's a circular thing right we
have concepts of genders and then those
concepts % perpetuate themselves ours is
how like all this is how society should
functions right you have an idea kind of
and then you reinforce that idea in
society and then somehow people are I
guess at some point people become
convinced that these ideas are intrinsic
I don't know they're fairly intrinsic
among all animals the only reason the
only reason especially humans because we
think we're special no it's because we
have like a society in a culture and
[ __ ] we're fairly special in those
regards unless you could show me other
animals that have built entire
civilizations does the animal culture
force the males to be attracted to the
females as well except we're attracted
to all sorts of things in society well
our attraction is it can be as much
environment as it is to [ __ ] anything
else how are you gonna sit here and
pretend that your attraction is 100 sent
by illogically wired if I show you a
pair of sexy panties right you're
probably you could get an erection from
it is that because you're hardwired to
find [ __ ] fabric like
I can't have this conversation with a
Normie [ __ ] I have to I need to focus
on the game because I'm gonna get
triggered talking to retards oh [ __ ]
we think we're above biology when we
aren't when we don't accept their
limitations it'll lead to bigger
problems
you're okay dude yeah you're right my
bad Barry I'm the god put Barry's carved
Molly my biology the death being pretty
energetic today there's just some topics
that I just I usually never talk about
us Jane because I know I got Harper
triggered about talking about him
destiny is saying they don't mean
anything which is patently untrue I mean
some dogs look like cats and vice versa
but we still consider them meaningful
the fact that you would use dogs and
cats as comparisons between the gender
constructs of male versus female I'm not
talking about having dicks or vaginas
but just in terms of what we consider
masculine or feminine like goes to show
the depths of your [ __ ] stupidity
about this topic like did you say I did
that's your go to [ __ ] example like
oh yes well in society when we consider
a man and when we consider a woman is as
different as what a cat and a dog is
biologically like can you explain an
evolution manage you got the right
individuals to have sex when we're
hardwired to be attracted to the
opposite sex
the problem is that evolution is the
problems at your biology and your
environment are inexorably linked to one
another ok this hard core idea that you
are like some genetic machine that is
impervious to environmental influences
is such an insanely naive analysis of
how your behavior works complex traits
and things like sexuality are can be
somewhat genetically defined but there's
like a huge feedback with with your
environment as well like these things
are not like these things are not like
the complex traits are not like rigidly
[ __ ] assigned to you at Birth like
that your environment very much place
like a like like a feedback with your
genes
can I please focus on the game are there
any good studies through it on topic
yeah there's a really good Stanford bio
series about behavioral Bob like
behavioral biology or whatever okay
introduction to human behavior some [ __ ]
I don't remember with the fact with the
Sapolsky lectures I don't know what the
[ __ ] they're called biology dictates
that we are attracted to someone of the
opposite sex and only that one person we
have one person for gauging in the
biological process of marriage Wow good
job buddy nice [ __ ] name dude
eight-plus [ __ ] name there's an
interesting procreation driving
partner selection listen okay sexuality
okay is a very complicated thing all
right you do not have a single gene that
codes for your sexuality okay there is
not one gene okay
there is not a single transcription
factor there's not one thing that you
can point to that says ah yes this is
the gay gene okay it is the complex
interaction of many genes okay that are
also complex ly affected by your
environment okay
so if you might have if you wanna have a
conversation about gender or sexuality
you can't go
Ellucian many girls get in it did you
conjure up this worldview so that it's
maximally compatible with your s kW
virtue signaling I don't revert you
signal [ __ ] dog you literally in here a
[ __ ] no-name chatting up how
important your point of view is to me in
my chat room what you were doing right
now is the definition of virtue
signaling okay I could give a [ __ ] less
about virtue signaling okay don't you
think people would consider these
complex interactions to also be
biological no nothing is just biological
that's the thing there is nothing that
is just biological okay we can use the
panty example earlier if I show you a
pair of panties okay and I ask you tell
me is your attraction to this biological
or environmental how can you answer that
question right how could you possibly
answer that question if somebody is
holding a hose over a bucket and another
person turns on the water who's
responsible for filling the bucket
these things are inexorably linked to
one another there is not it's not an
either/or okay these things both
contribute meaningfully fit to your
final conclusion and it is impossible to
say whether or not like it's one or the
other why you were attracted to two
underwear right well because you know
sexually we're attracted to women okay
but you've been conditioned to be
attracted to the underwear because
certain people wear them right and
there's tons we could find a plethora of
examples of this why you attracted to
people with long hair or short hair if
you're a guy right women aren't
