oh [ __ ] I wish I could talk to you guys
so much ah I think next which come I'm
just gonna bring my manager guy out I'm
gonna have him to talk to people and
ditch that [ __ ] on the [ __ ] Lillee
that's what my name was on the cup I
threw that [ __ ] right I was like here
Lily good luck bud
all these [ __ ] people on the roof
show up oh my god dude where's Danny can
I make one of these like the formula is
so easy why do Terenas okay listen guys
those is only for the early burners okay
I asked me in two months and I will try
my hardest to give you the memes okay
ask me in in two months all right oh my
god you say this every time there's not
much to say okay Bellamy I'm soon
there's nothing okay here are the Bela
memes okay the Bellamy answer that I
wanted a serious relationship I don't
think she did then that's more there
there you go okay that's the that's the
Bela means the short version all right
okay oh man I hold on did the harem
leave the house and another at listen
okay I don't think anybody's I don't
think anybody's gonna be here this week
okay holy [ __ ] oh [ __ ] I wish I could
talk to you guys so much ah it just
asked me in a month in one month okay oh
[ __ ] oh sorry mr. Mouton and Dan where
you guys at these are like the Primo
these are the Primo [ __ ] holy [ __ ]
[ __ ] memes I'm so sorry guys you know
what
nah well no I shouldn't ah man the
problem is it like I think that like
multiple people like might get ruined so
I don't know I have to think about it
okay I got to think about it okay oh
[ __ ] I got it I just wait till tonight
okay give me until tonight okay [ __ ]
holy [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] I had a really good thredUP what
was it like congratulations guys lefties
aren't a cab anymore because they'll
come out and they'll defend the they'll
defend the [ __ ] Chinese police in
Hong Kong holy [ __ ] dude this reads like
some if you just replace like the names
and the people it reads like
conservatives but now they're like super
big and like defending the cops like
well you can clearly see the pro the
violent protesters feeding police
officer in this view and this video
that's why the other police officers ran
up to the crowd with his gun drawn holy
[ __ ] he wins the protesters who got shot
took a swing at the approaching officer
and hit him in his gun wielding arm I
think it for our next rich Khan I'm
going to try so I had like a ton of
meetings in show that I did this week I
got a lot done we got like a few games
lined up maybe we're gonna do some
people I need to see one thing I noticed
at twitchcon it's good we got a lot of
[ __ ] Furies I think next which come
I'm just gonna bring my manager guy out
I'm gonna have him to talk to people and
I think I'm gonna try to like livestream
like at least a day or two of [ __ ] like
walking around I don't know how I guess
like a lot of streamers when they go to
twitchcon they just don't do like they
don't talk to anybody my schedule is
like so [ __ ] full I don't know how
people have time to just like stream for
like eight hours before we get into that
third and final game any last words you
want to say to each other I hope he
remembers this moment of him being happy
cos gonna be really pissed off I'm gonna
kill you oh here's a mom's famous goes
viral in national twitch TV clip can we
get a life advice
without foot outs what else oh gosh are
you gonna do the worm wait which one
wait which one is that which which one
is that damn well you got [ __ ] out of
like a million views on this video by
the way yeah because this video is
uploaded directly to Reddit you didn't
get any hits it's over a million views
and your that's it probably is yeah well
but your clip is probably like maybe 300
how much yeah you really got over a
million on it for sure oh that's a
pretty standard army dick watch this
Omega long one thing that we haven't
addressed yet was what did you say also
as soon as you pooped
popped up and took the win huh oh I sell
this fun excuse me Tyler won oh wait
what popped up and took the win huh oh I
sell this [ __ ] excuse me Tyler won oh I
called him a [ __ ]
how can I say that sorry my god my back
listen I'm gonna just be honest when we
were up here he was talking all [ __ ] I
told to remember that happiness is gonna
go away real quick I have to shut him
down holy [ __ ] this is Yasir all right
this guy's a savage I gotta get this
thing and I got a book it I got a
[ __ ] book
yes yes yes no I'm stuck on the plant
I'm going like oh [ __ ] okay
the power there the bankrolls okay did
you actually meet train at twitchcon
yeah I did I don't get to do anything no
but okay did you meet will yeah no I
don't think I did actually wait well
like a Sun spring I did meet him in the
flower suit oh okay well I guess I did
meet him and there you go
grad W yeah did you meet and make up
with the Sun I didn't get to meet him
afterwards I was gonna message him after
his date thing because it seemed like he
was little irritated but I didn't want
to like I'm picking he was probably
talking to Roger someone else Emmett
we're not like talking enough to like
for me to be like hey do you want to go
out and like my lizard seemed a little
upset I don't know if it would have come
I was like passive-aggressive or
something so but you know maybe next
time staring the topical me front which
Michael and talking about Oh what else
it can we just ran you know so that way
I have to shoot up a lot when I talk to
him and he would you and then you want
to lose what kind of books do people you
can only think things like never
responded the next morning at me a faint
militant he like just came up to me and
okay let me tell you what really
happened okay this is some crazy
revisionist history okay so here's what
really happens okay I have a talent
agency UTA okay and I'm gonna be totally
honest I scheduled too many I scheduled
too many meetings and I missed my UTA
meeting in the morning okay because I
had another sponsor meeting and Mike my
account manager at UTA
was telling me that like we need to talk
like we maybe we need to reconsider like
your place at UTA if you can't be made
it's meeting somebody goes [ __ ] like I'm
[ __ ] right so later on I get the news
that Lily you know lost which rivals all
that [ __ ] and Mike tells me listen okay
here's how you make it up to me if you
can go in there and make Lily not super
sad okay then you have then you can
still be in art elegy so like oh [ __ ] it
so I drag myself over there I
begrudgingly had a conversation with her
for longer than I definitely wanted to
and then I left
okay now the pink drink thing crazy
coincidence okay but I was up and
earlier heading to the partner lounge to
talk to some honeys okay cuz that's how
I do it which one's dr. Dave's and some
guy was like hey Steven I could you a
cool start book streak and it's pink I
know you'll love it I think okay and he
gives me this thing and it says Steven I
don't drink random [ __ ] from [ __ ]
fans okay I'm not gonna [ __ ] do that
like this [ __ ] could be [ __ ] poison
so what do I do ditch that [ __ ] on the
[ __ ] Lillee that's what my name is on
the cup I threw that [ __ ] right I was
like here Lily good luck but that's what
actually happened okay don't let don't
let Lily's lying revisionist history
okay don't worry guys la steve is still
here all right hahaha okay I'm so sorry
for teasing at some point good stories
are going to come out from twitch
account okay but just not yet I do have
one so I can tell you though okay
I don't like I don't like loud areas
okay I like to chill and hang out with
people and talk to people and like maybe
like six or seven people in an area now
where there's loud [ __ ] music playing
not where there's [ __ ] alcohol
everywhere in people to be drunk as [ __ ]
okay I don't keep [ __ ] all that [ __ ]
okay I hate all that [ __ ] now people can
like it that's fine I just I don't like
it
does anybody I think zurka tweeted at a
story that had me in it on one of the
nights I was talking to I was trying to
so sue was like super cool and I said
that if she wanted to we could like
smoke on top of the river and hang out
of smoke and it would be fun so we were
up there with a few other people I don't
I don't want to say names but I don't
know whose public about like their drug
use because people are still really
weird about that and I'm excited because
it's just like six people oh there's a
circus story I am high on my [ __ ]
mind here dude
but anyway so I'm up here chillin okay
and I'm having a great time started to
smoke a little bit okay somebody has
like some crazy [ __ ] vape pen and I
get insanely [ __ ] high okay I get
blasted okay every time I get high guess
it's insanely high cuz I'm not a big
druggie guy right so I get pretty high
and then it's okay as soon as the weed
kicks in as soon as I feel like like you
know yeah I guess when I smoke I have
some time like at my home I don't know I
feel kind of giggly I don't think I'm
high I think I'm just like thinking am i
and then at some point like oh [ __ ] okay
I'm definitely high okay right when that
[ __ ] moment hit okay
somebody barges open the [ __ ] door
and it's like hey guys just you know
huge party almost here and I'm like oh
no so like five minutes okay I have a
really hard time I can't do drugs like
in huge places like I was comfortable
the few people that were there it was
cool like [ __ ] five minutes after I'm
like oh god I'm like [ __ ] blazed out
of my mind okay this [ __ ] party full
of [ __ ] people I don't know if you'll
pan the camera to the left
all these [ __ ] people on the roof
show up oh my god there's like [ __ ]
well there's not even how many people
here right now ever do it but like this
whole background is like [ __ ] full of
people I don't even know what I'm saying
right now hold on what I didn't know
he's still [ __ ] videoing hold on okay
but like oh my god it was like three
hundred times
[ __ ] so many away does there have
like videos of the party there are so
many people here and people started to
[ __ ] with me and I was so [ __ ] high
holy [ __ ] so like I'm getting high and
I'm starting to get paranoid who do you
like I don't normally feel like I'm
gonna like really print out like one guy
came up and I thought he was like a
secret agent I thought he was here to
like [ __ ] me and I like asked him
questions and [ __ ] like he looked he
looked like he was dressed up like a
secret egg he was like an all black and
[ __ ] I'm like this guy he's got a
[ __ ] gun sooo like ask him questions
and [ __ ]
and he wasn't a secret agent then later
on another guy comes up and he's like
walking around and he says like in a
real kind of cop way he's like so what
are you guys doing up here and I'm like
oh [ __ ] I'm [ __ ] busted dude I'm
[ __ ] smoking weed I'm gonna get
[ __ ] and I'm like but it was just a
normal guy
so eventually Clint [ __ ] sits down
and starts talking to me and I'm like oh
no I can't do this right now I can't do
this conversation and that's like yo
Steven right I'm like what's up I'm a
character Heyman is like oh [ __ ] dude
like listen man I don't hate you okay I
can't do this conversation right now
talk to me in 10 minutes he's like
listen and he's like oh what's wrong I'm
like I'm just I'm really [ __ ] high
I'm kinda pretty sick oh [ __ ] you're
high like that's okay dude and then he
and then Clint turns over okay I'm still
trying to decide if I should be mad at
him or not because I know a lot of
people just whatever Clint is no word to
everyone to price it oh hey guys hold on
whoa listen up listen up hold on Jesse's
got somebody wants to tell you hey hold
on guys it looks may say hey so like
what's your favorite thing and I'm like
I'm like getting so [ __ ] paranoid I'm
like um music and is it yo destiny
everybody hey destiny I want to tell all
you guys about music oh my god dude my
[ __ ] mind I'm like trip and I was so
[ __ ] hard because like all of my
problems of being high as usual like I
don't know if things are real or not and
it's like oh my god it felt so [ __ ]
crazy and like everybody starts looking
at me and I'm like oh my god this is
like a nightmare dude and then you
eventually like moving on to the next
person it was pretty clear that I
wouldn't be able to talk holy [ __ ] oh
man I talked to him I talked to ugly
people goddamn can you send out talking
about drug use it's not against us I
don't know if [ __ ] I don't okay this is
what low confidence feels like start
about your car being towed
oh I parked my car at that apartment I
didn't know that um I didn't know
there's gonna be a party going on so my
plan was like I would stay there and
then once I felt sober I would leave but
I was like so paranoid with the partying
everything I left probably around 1:00
or 2:00 and I didn't feel like
comfortable driving I ever like got into
an accident with my car when I wasn't
like 100% sober I would kill myself I
hate myself for it but I didn't feel
like 100% to drive sergeant sue bird
back and then I came back in the morning
and they taught it like that I'm sorry
so I got it out and we drove to LA I'm
sorry I'm laughing now but [ __ ] me if
that was me I would have jumped off the
[ __ ] building yeah holy [ __ ]
yeah jam damn dude it was hard
there were like three different times if
there was like a million people oh my
god oh my god and then the next and then
the next thing so like people all come
up and that people go down and I'm like
okay everyone's gone now I'm like I'm
chillin okay when I get high let's put
like three or four hours something like
chillin okay and then we're all chill I
like assume like there were a lot of
people just here right like there are a
lot of people ranked sure that yeah I
was like okay just making sure
whatever I don't know well in my mind
[ __ ] ago she league play some music on
her phone assumption or chillin and then
it happens again more people and more
people start coming upstairs and coming
upstairs and then it gets the point the
roof is like [ __ ] full of [ __ ]
people again and then all of a sudden I
hear a noise and the [ __ ] somebody
[ __ ] broke the [ __ ] skylight
window okay somebody broke this guy one
in the back and I was like oh [ __ ]
all of a sudden cutie Cinderella comes
upstairs okay I'm still on the couch I'm
[ __ ] blazed out of my [ __ ] mind
okay she's upstairs and she starts
walking around screaming if I don't
[ __ ] know who the [ __ ] you are we're
not [ __ ] friends get the [ __ ] out of
my [ __ ] house and like everybody
freezes and I'm like on the couch and
I'm like oh no and she's like did I
[ __ ] stutter if I don't [ __ ] know
you if you were not my [ __ ] bird get
the phone I'm like oh god I'm so [ __ ]
I can't move oh my god I got so [ __ ]
nervous I thought I was in trouble for
it oh [ __ ] it was oh my god
that was my nice smoking god it was
[ __ ] traumatizing I just wanted to
like I just wanted one night where I
could just go and be chill somewhere and
it didn't happen ever it didn't I'd
never got like a single night did you
get out no I had to wait until I like
sobered up I can't move around when you
guys get like people get like hi or do
you like acid or sure I wasn't [ __ ] I'm
like walking [ __ ] did I can't man when
I'm [ __ ] when I'm that high I just
got it [ __ ] way for it to be over
I couldn't imagine trying to get up and
like navigate the the [ __ ] terrain
and around people and [ __ ] when I'm that
[ __ ] high I can't do it oh my god
so what happens at the end eventually
when I like started to like gonna might
come down I went downstairs oh man no
beru said she wanted to talk about
something I went downstairs I saw her
outside and I went to talk to her I
couldn't know what to say and then I
gave her a hug I'm sorry I left
[Laughter]
[ __ ] I was so psyched out of my mind
do you smoke blunts bowls or bongs
I think I did five or six hits my hits
are baby hits okay I did five or six
hits out of a out of some rolled [ __ ]
drugs [ __ ] I don't know what if it
would've been a blunt or a giant
honestly god I don't know the difference
it was easy to smoke so I imagine it was
like not tobacco maybe and then I did
two hits out of some like [ __ ] vape
stir pen or whatever it was supposed to
be some good [ __ ] so dude he turned the
[ __ ] flash on that [ __ ] up so [ __ ]
lunch oh my god okay what do you think
of sue I think she's really cool little
[ __ ] doesn't get the ball to do it prove
her wrong what are the chances Stephen
who's in Tulsa drama tonight one in like
a thousand he's not in destiny oh well I
mean I try to respect other people's
private privacy so just jelica oh my god
there's so much going on that I can't
talk to you guys about oh I'm so sorry
holy [ __ ] have you have you talked to
anyone about this I can I love twitch
econ is always so much a [ __ ] drama
I'm sorry guys this is something it's
another streamer now I can't even talk
to guys about this one oh man I'm sorry
oh this is Franken fresh news - hold on
oh I knew about the name thing but wait
didn't him get something happen to him
wait sobbing before the next vacation
peple oh we've read this earlier yeah
NIM got been for four days yeah oh yeah
yeah Nome was talking about that before
we left we ate breakfast he was worried
he'd get banned for but he wasn't sure
okay what should we do today guys
there's a dinner in Santa Monica with a
bunch of twitch streamers they were
supposed to be there guys and I'm
actually turning it down just for you so
think of something good to do let's talk
about strategy that was the Sanders
campaign been doing oh [ __ ] there's
still below where they came in at that's
kind of sad
I mean I guess ooh maybe I mean it's not
like anyone else has made ground wait
what
a strategy point of view mm-hmm
Warren is gobbling up all the drop off
voters from down here and she's gobbling
up some of Biden space maybe mm-hmm
mm-hmm
oh yeah Warren is still like [ __ ]
surging like a [ __ ] holy [ __ ]
did you see this [ __ ]
she might close the gap for points I
think I could be wrong but I think
Warren is the first one to close the
10-point gap between her and Biden it
happened here
I don't think Sanders ever has gotten
within 10 no no he did a little bit and
you did hear to final fantasy brave ex
feeis enjoyed by fans the world over has
surpassed 39 million downloads
[Music]
now square-enix proudly presents the
international reveal of a new title born
from the FFPE universe brave xvs pillars
of the growing bling in a mobile game
spoken of are any of these mobile games
actually dude where's Danny can I make
one of these like the formula is so easy
so step one make sure there's like seven
different things that refresh on varying
timers that you can click step to make a
game that's actually kind of somewhat
addicting grinding or whatever and then
let you grind and grind and grind it and
then step three make sure that the
difficulty scales off like autism only
difficulty
I shouldn't say out this way like
insanely [ __ ] difficult plea right so
it gets to the point where like oh [ __ ]
like in order for me to actually like
break through to the next content I need
to start using my items now these items
that you've gotten you've already gotten
for free as part of your normal grinding
and doing those like daily seven tasks
or whatever that are on varying respawn
timers right and then once you start
using those then you progress even
faster oh [ __ ] well then eventually
you're gonna hit another wall now this
is the wall where the real grind begins
and by real grind I mean there's two
types of grind either one you do you're
up for your refresh or tasks everyday
and you max out all the [ __ ] you can
possibly do while using the [ __ ]
items you get to advance slowly and you
grind like that or two you start
spending some amount of money every
single day in order to buy a ton of
those crazy items and then you make a
[ __ ] ton of progress like that like
that's literally every single mobile
game ever like what I just described was
every single mobile game but they all
make so much [ __ ] money I've spent
almost thirty knows mommy was like Lord
small boy huh
they banned [ __ ] loot box [ __ ] in
France that's [ __ ] hilarious
this best comeback ever episode oh it's
about as I'm not I'm not gonna spoil it
but I could so can some total jerk wife
just said that my laugh is gross so I
turned around and I said yeah well your
face is gross
[Music]
snap out of it
I feel like this is too many memes with
my real life oh [ __ ] guys felt like we
just need to slow down and get like a
good solid like three months of
streaming just you know what I mean
okay I love you guys to spend fun
riperino cappuccino cappuccino
cappuccino machine redemption Oh
cappuccino opportunity no my duderinos
[Music]
