hello hey what's up not much how are you
doing um pretty good
great so I'm thrilled to talk to you
you're apparently the man to debate
about socialism these days that's
interesting I don't I don't tangle much
with socialism but that seems to be all
the rage these days how's it going it's
going pretty well so do you know
anything about me some vague affiliation
with like Michael Brooks or whatever or
now that your affiliation is vague but I
don't know much about like a lot of yeah
he's an author mm-hmm the imprint that
I'm the publishing manager for I manage
zero books which is uh actually out of
the UK but I'm in the US obviously and
so I I I published books for zero books
I ran a podcast have for about a decade
called zero squared which is a dumb name
but that's what it's called okay and I'm
also on YouTube but I'm also a novelist
actually started podcasting back in 2008
when I got my first book deal and then
it looked like because of the economic
crisis I wasn't sure that the book was
ever gonna come out of all in New York
was gonna the publishing industry was
gonna collapse I wasn't sure what's
going on uh-huh and I started podcasting
kind of in response to the economic
crisis back in 2008 and became a slowly
but surely became a Marxist as I
investigated that crisis so that's my
little story okay cool but everything is
like working like pretty good now I
guess you're still working there so
that's awesome yeah everything yeah I
started working in 4-0 books back in
2014 or 2015 so it was a while between
when I started podcasting and when I
got a regular gig mm-hmm okay cool so
what do we have you've been debating I'm
assuming I'm on your stream now oh yeah
sorry
oh yeah we're live yeah I've been
streaming Daesan you know right so what
have you been debating with you know the
different like what did you and Michael
Brooks talked about or more importantly
what did you and Mook
talk about I that's or Zyzz or whatever
his name was um okay so well I so I
guess you broadly I'll describe my my
two or three problems and then week I
can talk more see what about them so my
big problem is that is that I have so
many problems actually well I mean I'm a
little notepad second okay my thoughts
organized okay so here are a couple of
like huge problems right now that I have
with like with I'll use the term lefties
online and when I say lefty I mean it in
the broader sense of being like a
socialist or communist like a
anti-liberal I guess whatever is that
okay yeah okay sure
so my first problem is all the it seems
like all the big like lefty people or a
lot of them are like tanki's which is
like really weird to me or if they're
not tanki's they have like or and I
don't know maybe you are I'm sorry I
actually I'm not 100 singer back I'm not
a I'm not a tanky okay yeah so like I'm
in this weird area so I have no idea how
much you know about me but like kind of
like one of the things if I do online as
I do
well I'm known for video games which is
my background and I do like a lot of
political or philosophical debate and
for a long time I kind of like my eyes
were set on kind of like alt writers so
I am very firmly like a progressive or a
sock them and I feel like I was kind of
disappointed because like most of the
like empirical fact based arguments like
seem to support the left like climate
change is supported by the left like
immigration is supported by the left you
know there's like empirical data to
showcase all of us so you know most of
my debates to be against like writers
and alt writers and I noticed a lot of
people do this like very weird like
crypto-fascist like signaling dog
whistling stuff that like made me really
uncomfortable
so are you feeling like lauren southern
yeah yeah so someone like Lauren
stuffing were to say things like oh you
know I'm not in fact not a white
supremacist or whatever you know I just
want to protect Western values you know
stuff like that it's like okay so you
you you hate black and brown people like
it's okay you hold on one yeah yep
my kid who actually is a nose of you and
told me that you are the person who
revealed jontron all right connections
or something just walked into my room to
ask me how he can watch so he'll bow my
side yeah sure thing but yeah that was
like a big thing I kind of did as well
right as I talk to Joe I'm gonna try to
like expose anybody I was talking to
many kind of like inadvertently like
started spewing a whole bunch of like
pole talking points from the politics
board on 4chan which was like really
weird yeah but that bad for jontron cuz
he's this guy it's just some guide some
kid originally who got famous on YouTube
and then had the unfortunate experience
of speaking in him with a massive venue
about things you knew nothing about you
know but this is a lot of people's like
normal experience with politics as you
start reading some stuff about like
pizza gate or queue and on and you're
like I don't know this sounds pretty
convincing and before you know it like
people like my mom will email me stuff
about queue and on you know something
hey sweetie like really this it seems
interesting like oh god mom yeah but um
I've ran into this thing with lefties
where and I call them like crypto
tanki's no we're like and it's like it's
like the same experience that I've had
with the crypto-fascist people where
I'll walk into somebody's channel
they've got like a hammer and sickle
flag in the background they've got like
the big like Soviet Union block text
they call each other comrades they've
got the big red flags and their
community is full of like it's very
staunch like these people are anti
Hongkongers they defend a lot of the
USSR or Mao's regimes you know they cut
like and it's like holy [ __ ] like why
are so many people online like engaged
in this like tanky stuff like it feels
really weird and I think it gives me a
bad impression because I don't think
that all lefties are gonna come out and
like defend Stalin but I don't know the
online communities like been like really
far like authoritarian left and I don't
know why that is so that's like my first
thing go for it I think we can like I
want to address the two things cuz
you're really talking about two separate
things which is one is why are there so
many tanki's and there are I think a lot
but then the other one is why does so
many left channels you know not shy away
from embracing them embracing like some
of the imagery like you know the sickle
and Hammer in sickle or the calling each
other comrade or making gulag
jokes or things like that and I will say
that I'm not innocent when it comes to
making gulag jokes I don't have a hammer
and sickle in my iconography in any of
the channels or anything but my son Ben
who's my older son has a hammer and
sickle shirt he bought in order to go to
a libertarian conference and and we
wanted to ask a question from the
audience and thought it would be fun to
wear that shirt at the same time I guess
what I'd say about not about tanki's but
about the dog whistles towards hardcore
communism mm-hmm that in my opinion the
communist experience what even including
the what happened to it with Stalinism
has a different character than the
fascist experience because the communist
experience was at least begun with the
aim of human emancipation
Lefty's LMAO s patient it was a massive
failure and a lot of and a lot of a lot
of corpses laid on top of that
experiment it's nothing to embrace and
it in you know in its entirety but it
just doesn't have the same character so
I don't feel the same way about a sickle
on hammer as I do about a swastika okay
sure so do you um do you like a
philosophy background at all if I use
anybody's worry I have a philosophy
degree okay cool awesome okay cool well
in that case if I use any words
incorrectly feel free to correct me so
when you say that when you say that you
were movement or maybe not your movement
I'll say but like when you talk about
like tanki's or like the hardcore
communism starting off with the goal of
broadly emancipating people that that
claim it feels very circular to me or
like we're begging the question because
theoretically I could go to any movement
and we'll use not see as I'm obviously
because it's a little when I go to write
and Nazism started off with the goal of
broadly emancipating people you know in
in one way you know under Mao or under
Stalin or even Lenin like we target like
wealthy people or capital owners and we
say all these people need to die because
they're destroying society because
they're leeches because they're taking
over everything
we can point to Nazism show similar
things you know Jewish people were very
wealthy in many parts of society they
targeted the Jews they wanted to get rid
of them because they thought they were
too strong Society as well
I don't know if like that claim saying
like well we started off with you
brought emancipation flayed it yeah go
for inflated trying to improve society
mmm-hmm
with the goal of human emancipation so
the difference is that the Soviet
experiment held this idea of a universal
humanity as part of its project there
wasn't it wasn't a project to protect
one society or one people from an
outside group but it's a project to try
to change the foundation of the social
order
but with that foundation like it has
things baked into it like the greedy
criminal re criminalizing like
homosexuality and stuff like that's all
I don't know it feels like it's just
like every other authoritarian esque
movement like we're maybe like at its
roots I guess in some like pure form it
can be good well let me I'm gonna quote
I go first where Joe Jack on this I mean
jiseok is a big critic of Stalin
obviously most people who are on the
Left today would be critics of Stalin
you know unless they're gonna hide in
someone's basement but jiseok says that
if you want to understand the difference
between the terrible totalitarian nature
of the Stalinist regime and the fascist
regime you can think about how people in
Stalin's labor camps were kind of made
to send Stalin birthday cards whereas no
buddy who was in a concentration camp
during you know Nazis reign would ever
be made to send a birthday card to
Hitler and the reason why is because the
Jews weren't considered to be part of
any universal humanity who needed to
participate in such a social expression
right they they were beneath contempt -
birthday card from a Jew at that time
would have been an insult to Hitler to
have
two thing whereas you know there was a
some kind of glimmer of redemption left
for the people in Siberia but look I
think that what we're I don't want to
split hairs here and say oh well you
know overall the Soviet deaths don't
count or I'm not saying anything like
that I'm just saying that when it comes
to like looking at 1917 and the Russian
Revolution at its outset I can't help
but feel some sympathy for the workers
and even with the Bolsheviks who were
trying to overthrow the Tsar and set up
a more just society and I I never I
don't feel any sympathy for any the
Nazis ever and it's not just because I'm
call myself left and there on the right
but it's because of their vision and
their vision the anti-semitism is key
but it's not just key because you know
you shouldn't be racist against Jewish
people but because of the ideology that
anti-semitism reflects which is that the
world as it is would be just but for
some outsider but for some alien force
but for the Jews whereas you never would
find anything like that on the left the
left understands it's project to be the
development of humanity and not the not
the rooting out of the enemy the the
idea of on the left is that our aim
should be to create a better society
because the difficulties are systemic
and structural within the society any
particular group sure I guess like I
don't have the like I don't have the the
historical background to split hairs too
far here so I mean if we depending how
deep we go I guess I'll be forced to
concede but like I don't understand how
you can say that you weren't sympathetic
towards the foundation of like the Nazi
Party but you are sympathetic towards
the foundation of of like the the
revolution in Russia when it seems like
a lot of these movements were largely
born out of the same types of things so
for instance like when Hitler began the
Nazi Party right he calls it not to
National Socialism not initially because
it was going to be finally like a
Socialist Party but because they were
trying to appeal to all of those same
workers and to try to
all those people in early on when that
party was starting like it seems like a
lot of those movements started in kind
of like some other ways people were
discouraged with the current
establishment Germany in particular
post-world War one and Treaty of
Versailles we're like super destroyed as
a country I I mean like not to say that
like I don't know it sounds like a Nazi
apology I'm not obviously saying that
killing Jews or any the Nazi state was
good of course but I mean like I can't
help but feel a little sympathetic
towards a country that was like
single-handedly you know handed the
entire debt of World War One and its
people were forced aboard at like sure I
feel sympathy for the German people and
I don't feel like I understand how a
reactionary movement built can be built
out of the ruins of something like World
War one right and I understand that the
reasons behind the appeal for the Nazis
or the fascists in Italy were not
dissimilar for the reasons behind the
appeal of the Soviets or the Bolsheviks
or socialism
like the same problems or generating
both kinds of reaction but I can see
that there's a different in the
difference in the reaction that the
socialist reaction is aiming not at
trying to first of all I'm not trying to
correct the system that is it's not
trying to say okay well we've got a rot
in the system because of this group and
or that group and we need to return to
the foundation of this society which
would be just otherwise but rather the
out of if coming out of Marxism
particularly and I have you know some
I've read some marks it's saying well
even at its best this society will go
into crisis this society promotes
inequality this society is filled with
contradictions and you know we'll never
be able to fully realize its own
ambitions or best principles do you
think that um so here's kind of a go
back to I eventually I'd like to talk
about tanki's because yeah for sure yeah
we well I'm just I'm really curious Don
this line of thought but
people seem to draw these like so like
earlier so if you would have asked me a
year ago am i ok drawing like an extreme
line between like Nazism and and kind of
I don't know you call it tanky as I'm
Stalinism or whatever you know I would
usually say yes but now I'm really
uncomfortable doing it because I didn't
realize how many people uh Narada Klee
defend like Stalin's administration or
Mao like and now it's made me really
uncomfortable and now like I really want
to go back and retake a look at me like
well what are these like concrete
differences between Nazism and communism
and and like I shouldn't say Nazis on
communism but not to see some Stalinism
I should say I guess when you look at
when you talk about how like I'm so
here's like a hypothetical do you think
Nazism would be okay or this one with
fascism would be like more acceptable if
it didn't have like the anti-semitism
baked into it well sure but I don't
think it would be I mean I don't think
it would be good I don't think it would
be a liberal you know liberating force
in the world if you just had a fascist
government that wasn't built on
scapegoating about the part of its own
population sure I don't know if you
could have that but you know I'm against
the idea of state regulation of the
culture and that kind of authoritarian
structured you know to begin with so you
know that I'm against just the fascist
state and and for a similar reason I'm
against what happened in the Soviet
Union I I kind of want to talk to you as
a fellow liberal and this is going to
make my own audience irritated with me
probably by the the fact is that the
Marxist ambition or the ambition of
socialism is to realize the principles
that were that came out of the
Enlightenment and came out of the
boudoir revolutions say that you know
the idea of fraternity liberty equality
mmm-hmm
are the foundations of liberal democracy
or not principles that socialists want
to toss aside neither does a real
Marxist want to abandon the rights of
the
or the self-determination of the
individual huh in in fact from my
understanding we want to realize yeah
socialists would argue that well the
self-determination of an individual is
actually greater under a socialist
system versus a capitalist one or
whatever right right yeah sure but under
an actual socialist system but then we
have to start talking about what it's
socialism and it's not an easy thing to
nail down one of the things about the
Marxist project to the variety of
socialists you'd probably you've noticed
that there's not always every single one
is different has a different label or
has a different ideology or different
belief about a particular thing yeah
yeah and that's because you know that
historically we failed I think one
reason why that's the case the other
reason why it's because the kind of
because it's not being socialism isn't
strictly being built on its own like
blueprint socialism is being built out
of the contradictions within this
society you so it's can be it's
fragmented as a society this that's
building it and it's a struggle to try
to get beyond that to transcend that
fragmentation but you know for me what
I've done it or tried to do is go back
to Marx and read Marx as well as I can
not because I feel like he was some
deity who had it all right but because
out of my experience of 2008 and
watching the financial crisis when I
asked people what was going on it was
Marxist economists who made the most
persuasive persuasive argument for me
and I came to believe that Marx's
critique of political economy and
capital was to a large degree correct
but the other thing I came to realize is
that dr. teak doesn't have doesn't come
along with a very clear political
program there's another reason why
there's so much diversity in amongst
socialists the in and another reason why
is because again if you go back to the
origins of socialism it was a diverse
movement I mean the thing that Marx was
doing primarily was critiquing other
socialists uh-huh so that's another
reason I'm so much
but what I would say to people I'm
trying to get involved with socialism
and I'll let you talk but it's just that
the task is to kind of join in the
struggle to understand more than it is
to join one strand or another we need to
we're at a moment of crisis now or we
really do need to rethink and the
socialist project broadly is can we
think past the current system do we
think it's necessary to have a radical
change sure okay yeah so okay I guess we
can hop into my next night so the first
one my first problem would lefties is
like the amount of like crypto tanki
apologia that goes on makes me like
super ultra uncomfortable there's like a
couple more things that we could dive
into that but I guess we can kind of
move past that or I want to talk about
tanki's a little bit because it seems to
me that if you want to understand why
there's such an amine there's a couple
I'm not exactly sure why the Soviet
Union is attractive or why Maoism or
stolen is emotion tracker D feels
reactionary but yeah go ahead
it does and I feel as though part of the
reasons I'm 48 right so like I actually
remember the Soviet Union okay and I so
I also came out of a time where you know
I didn't read Marx for a long long time
cuz he was just evil yeah cuz everybody
in America says dumb socialism is when
you kill everybody and take all the
wealth from the rich it's real dumb
American [ __ ] you know or actually wait
are you American I'm sorry don actually
I'm American yeah oh yeah yeah so I grew
up in an ultra Republican ultra
conservative s so I know that yeah like
what is communism communism is when you
literally kill every single person and
yeah it's like though yeah the real dumb
[ __ ] right so I have I have a memory of
the Soviet Union and I also have some
indoctrination against right yeah so
take what I'm saying with a pinch of
salt but my feeling is that what people
can't think beyond now or some of the
property relations and kind of the
economic realities that determines
society but they're what they want is a
radical break and the last time there
was any real attempt at that
was in the Soviet Union and so because
of that there's an appeal that's
appealing is also because for whatever
reason in the third world Stalinism
and/or Marxist linen ISM hasn't ever
really gone away I was just on a live
stream for a capital reading group I'm
running and Ernesto who lives in Mexico
said there's a lot of the people who he
talks to on the Marxist left are are
Marxist Leninist
in Mexico and that he sort of argued
with them you know not not that he's
trying to just convince them overnight
or something or but that there's a
tendency there and I think it's that's
based on my instinct is to say that's
based on the uneven development between
the nations that uh-huh
Stalinism might look pretty good can I
can I ask a real question just to make
sure that I know this I'm sorry cuz
people everybody's defined things are
somebody different ways when you when
you say Marxist Leninist you're talking
about likes specifically like the kind
of like the Stalinist idea that there
has to be like a vanguard party to help
the transition from capitalism into the
end state of socials of communism right
or is there a different thing you mean
there I'm just I you know I'm just using
it as the same thing in Stalin it's okay
there's anything for me it's not the
avant-garde not the vanguard party so
much it's just the state okay okay the
economy so in the Solomons perspective I
think broadly is that if you have that
the state holds all the property and is
the primary employer and regulates
society in total that that's socialism
okay cannot be communism but that's
socialism gotcha
but my view of what defines Stalinism is
quixotic but but that's to me because I
hold with the theory that the Soviet
Union was not socialist but was state
capitalist uh-huh and and I can explain
why I hope with that theory it has to do
with the fact that they were still
exploiting workers for value that the
society still had an economy based
primarily on labour time
huh and so on and so forth but so that's
my definition of Marxist Lenin ISM but
really I'm just saying Stalinist you
know basically people who are not
concerned at all with trying to realize
liberal ideals but actually consider
themselves to be anti liberal and Pro
State and like I they're someone who
follows my youtube videos who's
constantly I don't know who they are but
they're called like social socialists
justice warrior or something like oh
gosh I and and he or she is constantly
trying to belittle me and say things
like we don't need you know individual
freedom we need socialist freedom
through the socialist state which to me
just means like yeah you don't get on
your jackboots and stamp around and cuz
that doesn't make any damn sense at all
sure yeah I mean I can kind of
understand it I'm like I'm sympathetic
to a liberal people I don't have a
problem with people that are anti
liberalism as long as they're not like
like full-on tanki's or are going to
start engaging in like insane like Mao
or Stalin apology of it but sure I have
a problem with anybody who thinks that
their Marxist socialist embracing you
know statism as if that's really that
was the end goal because even linen
argued that the state you know under
socialism would have to wither away that
the state was by its very nature only
part of the class Society and so on so I
don't I don't appreciate people who
claim to be the same thing I am acting
as he liberals if they want to be
right-wing reactionaries I'll debate
them or whatever
but when they take my label or Kate's
baby sure okay in that case um well okay
I'm just writing these points down for
things in case so here's like one big
problem if I want it to be I'm
generalizing a little bit but if I
wanted to be like a conservative like
there's like a couple of like basic
things that I need like I have to
believe in like that company or that
government is evil and you know we
really like white people and it seems
like as long as I have that I can fit
into like a ton of different
Servat of movements it feels like it
feels like with leftist movements the
infighting is like insane that there is
like no consistent definition like
suffering to like people make fun of me
sometimes when I start debating somebody
and I ask buddy well what do you mean
when you say you're an anarchic
communist and like the reason I ask is
because I actually get like a variety of
definitions for every single and these
are and it maybe feels like
cherry-picking but like these are people
like 50 to 250 thousand subs on YouTube
and they get posted a lot on Reddit and
stuff and like everybody has like wildly
different ideas about what it is they
want and if you disagree on like any
individual point you're like an absolute
bootlicker right-wing trash what what is
yeah what do you thought son like the
the the the disunity seems extreme well
I you know I I would say that it's
partly due to the history of the left
and the failures of the left and it's
partly to do with the fragmentation of
you know any political project and firm
and yeah that's not good that's just me
repeating myself let me think about that
for a second because it's a real problem
just in terms of the literature right I
mean like you if you want to dive in to
Marxism in the history of Marxism which
will include some anarchists mmm-hmm
you're going to find a massive diversity
of opinion the other thing is that when
you join organizations these sort of
small sectarian organizations of
different types you're not going to read
broadly no one wants to give you like
this you know broad overview of the
history of socialism as you get involved
they're going to give you their flavor
of right you know whatever the gurus
favorite you know theorist is might be
read or you're probably the Guru him or
herself I'll be read and so now why is
that the case it I I do think it has to
do with the defeats that the especially
Western left
faced that there has never been a real
in America especially real strong
revolutionary socialist party has
something to do with it mm-hmm also
about I think it has to do with our
individualism here but to to back up and
speak more philosophically and more
broadly I think it's because what the
left is trying to do is a lot more
difficult than what the rights trying to
do yeah and I would argue that like the
right seems generally concerned with
maintaining the status quo and the left
wants to change it so the left's not
fight is necessarily going to be harder
right just by virtue of trying to the
inertia of moving all of citing a
different direction than what is already
yeah and also what we want to create
isn't hasn't existed already mm-hmm it's
not like we have a good map as to what
we want to do we just were trying to
figure out what a better society would
be from within this one mm-hmm and it's
only relatively recently that the idea
that people everyday people should have
the right to change society uh-huh it's
been you know on the table sure okay I
was gonna say this like this leads me
until I kind of like my third problem
that comes like right off the heel of
this it's my it's one of my biggest
problems when I talk about when I talk
to people on the right my what I really
enjoy talking about is policy because we
can go to the data we can see how things
work we can talk about the impacts of a
certain thing if somebody would have
telling me that they wanted to make the
u.s. like a socialist nation and then
they were to give me like a handful of
policies that I could evaluate like on a
step-by-step basis I would love that
but it seems like whenever I talk to or
actually broadly almost in every
socialist I've talked to when it's like
okay well what policies would you
suggest I get some vague call back to
like well what we really need is a
global socialist revolution like full
scale I think that's it and it's like
well what am I supposed to do with that
like all right like how does this help
the average worker that makes 25,000 to
feed like you know like as a single
parent or like this doesn't get us
anywhere this is like a pipe dream like
yeah well that's a that's right and
that's I agree with you that that's the
idea that we could just have global
revolution
tomorrow it's wrong I mean I think it's
wrong anyway I find it kind of I have an
opposite problem which is out although I
don't dislike these people I spend some
time listening to blogging heads you
ever listen to blogging heads no I'm
super stretched on time I for sure so
it's really hard to listen it's
definitely don't strain about yeah
blogging has this real centrist online
video publication so they and they have
journalists from like the New Republic
and the nation maybe I'm you know you
know Washington Post on all the time and
coming out of think tanks and stuff and
so like one of their major posts is this
guy named Glenn Lowry who was a former
member of the Heritage Foundation but
then he kind of moved to the left a
little more to the liberal side in the
90s because the Heritage Foundation was
embracing charles murray
and he's black and he just couldn't find
them with that so he left and i find
that they're what's really interesting
is how ingenuously are i mean these are
people who are seriously concerned about
the problems in society mm-hm and they
really do kind of wrestle with policy
problems and there isn't any kind of
consensus there either if you really
look at actual politics you find it it's
almost a split up and variegated into
the left but only on points that seem
like minutiae Wow
but what I will often start shouting at
the screen while I'm watching blogging
is and watching some centrist debate
another centrist is you guys aren't
going to be able to solve this until you
overcome the fundamental contradictions
in society these are two sides of the
same problem that you're you know
dressing so what I think the task for
the left is right now is to develop a
political project
found based on the foundation of
understanding why our society is as
messed up as it is I mean the first that
the first step to being a leftist is to
decide that there is a need for radical
change mm-hmm for me I became a leftist
because of the Cold War and the threat
of nuclear Armageddon like it was you
know Ronald Reagan and the TV
documentary or the TV pseudo-documentary
the day after and the feeling that at
any moment all of human history could
end and with in a mushroom cloud yeah
and that maybe that I shouldn't at the
age of 12 be living with that kind of
vision but sort of what made me think oh
yeah this is something fundamentally
wrong
I feel like today the mushroom cloud is
actually still there but it's sort of
forgotten and then there you know you
can ecological crisis and threats of
from the far right and there's just a
mass of reasons why there needs to be
radical change but then the question is
well what do we mean by radical what is
the foundation of our society mm-hmm how
how do we make alterations on the foot
on a fundamental level and that's where
the debate on the Left needs to be and
from there you can start to develop a
political program so like for instance
like the idea of a dictatorship of the
proletariat which comes out of linen
uh-huh what is that about well it's not
about creating an institution called the
state that they can then represent the
interests of the proletariat
indefinitely and kind of replace the
proletariat and that that's socialism
the idea the dictatorship of the
proletariat is that as the proletariat
seized and changed the means of
production the dictatorship of the
proletariat is basically there to
protect the state is power is there to
protect that effort and then to maybe
coordinate it do logistics for it but
then it will slowly fade away it will
become
you know less and less significant as
the new mode of production takes hold
and people are more free sure so the
question then becomes okay if you
believe that that's possible and I don't
know if if seizing state power in order
to create a pro let you know a
dictatorship of the proletariat is
possible or it's a correct approach but
if you do then the was so what are you
gonna what are you gonna do well you
have to build left-wing parties yeah
they communicate with each other and
work together internationally mm-hmm
that would be like the first step it
wouldn't be the you know general strike
tomorrow yeah this is like this is one
of my there's 108 criticisms of most
like third parties in America and I mean
there might be like valid like electoral
or subtle reasons financing reasons that
I don't understand for this but like I
really wish for some of these political
movements whether it's libertarianism or
Green Party people or this can these
leftism ideas I really wish that they
would like actually try to build out
like candidates and local areas rather
than trying to get lucky like in a
presidential election with like a Bernie
Sanders type figure or something like it
would be really interesting to see like
socialist experiments I guess on a
smaller scale although I guess I guess
it seems like they say you look at
someone like Bernie Sanders and why
almost across the board people on the
far left huh embracing him and not
everyone but a lot well are including
myself about half the time it's because
there are two things going on at the
same time on the left on the one hand
there's this and this is I think the
smaller aspect of what the left is
really doing uh-huh there's a desire to
create radical change and to create a
politics of radical change mmm-hmm but
then a lot of the time what the left
ends up doing is trying to hold off or
mitigate or change the consequences of
the system that we have and in that when
we get reduced to that level and it's
inevitable we are because practically
reduce to that level if even if we're
trying to build radical parties for
political change
uh-huh we're gonna have to deal with the
real-life situation on the ground but
when when all of our politics are
basically reduced to the level of
resistance resistance to the
kind of crushing movement of capital
yeah then you end up with you know this
move to like we need to embrace whoever
the most left product candidates now we
need to take state power as it is now
because if we don't then people like
Trump or worse will you know run us all
into camps or you know yes you're
basically you're talking about like the
you're basically talking about the
classical struggle between the the
reformist versus the the revolutionary
right where some people would argue that
reforming a system over and over again
is just in delaying the inevitable
collapse of capitalism and hurting
everybody what we need is like some
revolution right now to fundamentally
change the system because you can never
reform it to socialism it has to happen
like all at once or something right well
the old reformist still even had the aim
of ultimately changing the system right
it was a matter of like implementing the
right kinds of reforms through the I
mean like it's debatable as to whether
or not Marx thought that you could elect
in socialism he didn't think he could in
some countries he thought it might be
possible in others right so perform ISM
in the socialist debate reform isms a
path towards radical change but I think
today we actually grow to a large degree
have except for these tanki's maybe
mm-hm
we've sort of a large section of what
calls itself the left has forgotten that
there to have a vision for socialism and
it's mostly just trying to hold on to
whatever rights have been won and and to
protect the most vulnerable people and
sort of to do this in this mode of
permanent resistance so I would say
there's three things there's resistance
there's reform and there's revolution
and I would put reform and revolution
really on one side of the divide and
resistance on the other sure yeah I
guess so I guess this kind of them
believes into like my fourth point where
one of the things that kind of concerns
me is what you just mentioned about like
patching the current system or doing
things to make the current system kind
of work
verse escaping are like the more
revolutionary ideas in mind I've noticed
this kind of like weird pick up recently
from a lot of these left leaning like
communities that has this like shunning
of identity politics are you familiar
when I'm talking about it all or mmm-hmm
yeah that it almost feels like I
remember back back when I was an
enlightened libertarian I was like 15
years old at high school or ever I had
the euphoric idea that there is no such
thing as racism or sexism it's actually
all just class and I was so ingenious
for figuring this out and no black
person would ever be discriminated
against if they were wealthy and blah
blah blah and I wasn't right I was a
high schooler and and then I grew up a
little bit and it's like okay well
obviously these things exist in a more
intersectional manner right it's a
little bit more complicated than I would
have liked to believe but now it is
strange because like I feel now I'm
starting to see communities on the left
do this thing where they are shunning
identity politics saying that it's like
it's just a distraction from from class
conscientiousness or whatever or from
classify recognition yeah yeah which is
really weird well okay so I've often
been accused of being one of these class
reductionist types you know even
sometimes embrace the term but it's
again I think that this is what's
important here is to see struggles for
equality and rights amongst ethnic
minorities as a part of maybe a project
for a radical project of reform to help
in revolutionary struggle I actually
believe that that's absolutely vital
like overcoming discrimination is
absolutely vital especially amongst
workers so that you can organize workers
together rather than you know fractures
yeah but do you think it's a problem
when you try to subsume like all
minority complaints under like class
complaints do you think that's damaging
at all to their or that could be used to
kind of like marginalize their concerns
well no I don't think it's I don't think
class and race are similar in any way
uh-huh
I don't think that it's like saying
asking me oh you know if a patient comes
in and I want to talk about illness
rather than about or like I want to talk
about physical illness rather than
psychological illness or something like
that
right I mean like when you're talking
about racism and you're not talking
about class you're not talking about
anything that's structural you're
talking about Athens
maybe psychological attitudes so without
class there is no structural racism well
I guess I would depend on like um so
we'll let's be specific let's talk about
like the criminal justice system in the
United States so it seems like the
criminal justice system so when I read
an economic study that will control for
SES for socio for socio-economic factors
right when I agree to study like this
and controls for that and still finds
that these racist aspects exist it seems
like taking a class based approach
completely fails here like it has to be
an intersectional one like there is
racism against black people in the u.s.
regardless of class not to say that
class can't exacerbate it in somes cases
I you know I'd have to look at the study
my guess would be that you don't that
what you find is that there's because of
racism and things like redlining and the
history of oppression uh-huh of black
people in America that you would find
that the there are more people living in
poverty and that that sector which is
the sector in every racial group that
tends to have more encounters with the
police and be criminalized the most is
larger in certain ethnic minority groups
in the United States and therefore they
end up having you know more
incarceration and so on
I mean you will probably find racist
attitude you definitely will find racist
attitudes within the cops and you'll
definitely find bias within the courts
but those things are built upon the kind
of a result of the structural component
they wouldn't they don't exist on their
own they're not grounded on their own
but you don't think that like but so
that's so that so there's actually a
point I strongly disagree so I'm really
curious about this because I would say I
would feel like these are founded on
their own so I would fail that like if
we had let's say that we actually had
like a perfect society where there were
no capital owner is where all of the
workers were kind of in charge of making
democratic decisions over the workplace
or maybe it was even a more centrally
planned we weren't even doing like state
capitalist we weren't having like
for-profit like own businesses that were
owned by the state
or by workers but literally we had
allocation of resources and everything
everything was as perfect as could be
yeah I feel like in a society like this
you could still have like systemic
discrimination against either women or
black were talking about well so like we
could point to like or it be based on in
that system well we could point to like
the same like criminal justice system
well to keep things simple I guess like
in that same criminal justices or
actually well yeah let's say with the
criminal justice system well actually no
Lee let's say let's say that you have
like a state committee that you have to
go to to get approval to start some
factory or some shop or some community
or whatever right that you could still
have a group of people that sit on this
community that maybe are less likely to
approve some resource being allocated to
a black community or business versus a
white one just because they don't you
know now you're talking about a resource
allocation sure economic so try again
without using any economic terms okay
well then I guess we'll stick with the I
guess we'll stick with like the well
we'll stick with the criminal justice
one then that like even in like a
perfect like socialist or communist
system you could still have police
officers that just want to pull over
black people more or judges that give
them harsher sentences or jailers to
treat them worse right but I like I feel
like I could still happen in any system
I think I definitely think that it could
happen that there would be cops or
judges who were biased against this or
that group but that in a society in
which there weren't structural economic
material differences that those groups
would have the power I mean to to get
requests for those kinds of biases that
there would be basically something more
along the lines of checks and balances
there because you wouldn't be talking
about a race of people who have more
wealth and power you would only be
talking about individual bias well but
so like we can't eliminate
so I guess I'll an anarchist if we're
coming from an era curvy and our kin
respected we're trying to eliminate as
many unjust as hierarchies as possible I
understand that but like in in in some
sort of criminal justice system there is
necessarily going to be some group of
people who are conferred with some power
to lock people opportu min jail and
these later disproportionately of one
race or another would be less likely
because there wouldn't be the material
and structural disadvantage
disadvantages of awaiting any material
advantages for white people to just want
more white cops or white judges well
okay so what you're saying is that
whoever whatever the majority race would
be would yeah potentially like let's say
like right now let's say that Tennessee
turned into a perfect or Louisiana
turned in like a perfect communist state
like would you expect like all of the
people they would be voting in you know
like different ethnicities for police
chiefs and sheriffs and all sorts of
stuff or do you think that we would
still see racism be pretty pervasive in
these communities even independent I
would had a massive revolution where the
material meat production were open for
all people and that everyone had control
over their own productive activity and
that things weren't distributed based on
labor time but were distributed to each
according to their ability arms from
each according to their ability to each
according to their need that in such a
society the role of the cops would
itself be severely diminished and that
while there might still be people with
old timey biases that the power of
regular people the power of civil
society would be such that that would be
a major check against those people the
whole point of communism is to create a
situation where people are on a material
basis and on a social basis empowered
okay so okay if you if you ever want to
leave on this point you can tell me but
I'm just because I disagree so strongly
so I'm just curious okay so there's two
different ways to different things you
said that uh let me just ask you what do
you think would ground the power of a
white racist cop in the south in a
society where there was material
equality
well so there might be material equality
between people but I don't think there'd
be material quality between between
groups of people so like if there's
still like a white majority population
and some of them why wouldn't there be
material equality between groups because
there's more white people to black
people
unless you're literally talking about
equating the wealth between entire
groups of people but then you would make
the society very in equal between the
individual people so like for instance
let's say I mean I think you need to
talk about what we're taught what we
mean by uh-huh socialism and what we
mean by class because I think you and I
have very different understanding of
those things okay yeah go for it
I mean I think that you write your what
you're thinking about maybe is like
everyone would make the same wage or
something like that
well no so in my understanding of most
communist social systems well if we're
talking to fall on communism
then you'd be allocated what you would
need to have like a good life at what
you wouldn't get like a different wage
right your allocations you're basically
700 relegated on need and but what would
determine your need is what productive
activity you were cuz you were driven to
do what do you mean by that I mean
productive work would be or or another
way to put it would be civic
participation because we might even have
automation productive work would be the
primary want in life to be involved in
your community and to be contributing to
it would be your primary want in life so
depending on the kinds of things that
you wanted to do that would determine
your needs it wouldn't be like some
baseline you get this many calories a
day it would be based on some sort of
economic process where the collectivity
would invest time and energy to do
certain kinds of things and the
resources would be generated to support
that it okay okay I have to be
misunderstanding you so cuz it sounds
like we're just creating more
hierarchies than like we are you saying
like or rather like so or how would you
how would you allocate like with more
resources be allocated to like computer
programmers than garbageman because
their work is more advantageous to
society or what do you I guess what do
you mean by that or I'm curious what you
mean by that well okay the a lot of
garbage okay it's not a matter
first of all what it wasn't what would
it be to be advantageous to society well
I don't know you would have to define
that I guess yeah depends and capitalism
it's creating more profit right so our
buddy new sis home now right yeah so
what would be more most advantageous as
would be determined by basically what
people were driven to do and produce
together though it would be a free like
right now we have a sort of relative
equality in the market right where
people you know it's not real equality
because the material be the foundation
for that equality is in unequal but when
but the idea is that everybody has the
same right to go and purchase what they
need whether it's Lander or foodstuff or
consumer goods or productive property
that that's what that's the level of
equality so the kind of socialist vision
and I obviously that would be inverted
the the the ramen the market would even
be kind of second thought you know just
an afterthought and the realm of quality
would be in production so you would you
know you would be generating you be so
productive at this point that it would
be relatively easy to support different
activities based on what people wanted
to do sure I guess what this is my own
maybe you know vision of socialism but
the point here is that if you take away
material inequality between people
individually you're also going to be
eliminating material inequality between
groups uh-huh so then you're not gonna
have material inequality between black
people white people in a socialist
country sure socialist country yeah so
when I said between groups of people
what I'm saying is like if there are
like twice as many like white people as
black people like what what are the
protections that black people have why
do you think that material equality
would somehow protect them from
oppression especially in a more
democratic society well from the
materially the okay if there are more
white people than black people there
wouldn't be more power in the white
collectivity
there would be in the black collectivity
and less for some cultural reason people
try to impose their will you know just
in a kind of naked wait real quick when
you say white collectivity versus black
collectivity you mean like these two
groups would have equal power or no I
mean do right now the way that groups
obtain power is by accumulating capital
and political power out of that
right so in a communist Society anyway
you wouldn't be there would be no
capital so what you'd be dealing with
our individuals primarily well but you
still have you still vote on things
right because especially in a communist
what you're worried about is that in a
actual democratic society based on real
material equality that whatever the
majority race is would vote they're
brothers or sisters into a secondary
position sure yeah and that but that
would have to be maintained
I guess just by brute force well select
okay and and I'm not sure how that could
even be maintained yeah I know we say
that we okay I have to push back against
as well so we because either I always
get these really incredulous claims like
well I don't know how you could even
maintain that brute force so one of the
line to used earlier is that you want
people to have more power to give power
back to the people one of the ultimate
expressions of power to the people is
when people in the South would Lynch
black people this was free of judicial
systems right lynching by definition is
extrajudicial this was a people
exercising their individual wills and
rights free of capital free of class
free of the state and they went out and
they found black people named lynching
was free of class and I wouldn't say
that those people that was extra
judicial and extra legal I I so I would
say it's necessarily free of class
because black people weren't lynched
because they were poor right they were
lynched because they were black well
they were the lynching was allowed to
continue because of the difference in
material power between the two
communities
well yeah you say allowed to continue
but in your society it would always be
continuing right we wouldn't I wouldn't
suggest a society where someone where
we're going to never have a murder right
but for there to be an organized
sustained attack against a population
like that KKK have to be undermined
politically socially and materially boy
I mean I think that just a minority will
be enough know like if you have it a
minority population you could subjugate
these people forever especially without
protection from a state like an anarchic
communist wouldn't necessarily want to
stay or any form of communist wouldn't
necessarily want to stay so I don't see
how without a protector I'm a state of
minority people's can be expected to
protect themselves so now now what we're
talking about is just sort of I've been
pushed into this anarchist position
chair yeah I don't mean to have you ever
feel like you're not really asking me
about race so much now you're asking me
about what is the what force is going to
create Authority in a future Society to
stop people from organizing collectively
to do criminal activity and that they
and you're suggesting that this will be
wanted well I wouldn't even say this is
whether or not people I wouldn't even
say this is like criminal activity like
well what is it then you think that it's
not criminal to Lynch people in a
communist Society well that's gonna be
like the accepted norm it could be yeah
well so in a communist society where we
don't have a government with a
jurisdiction and the rules are decided
based on the people there because you
because you want to democratize these
processes as much as possible for your
class if these people say that we should
be allowed to lynch people then by
definition yeah it wouldn't be a
criminal activity would be those people
exercising their freedoms like the Ku
Klux Klan is that right I mean now we're
getting into the weeds of like how we
imagine an alternative judicial system
and criminal system from two ports law
would be the the you know the I'm just
gonna give you my pie-eyed optimistic
view here which is that if you had
material equality between people the
propensity for criminal activity and
murderous activity would be diminished
certainly there wouldn't be left right
not on any grand scale and well this
well I feel like there's really bad
undertones here when you say there
wouldn't be theft because there wouldn't
be material inequality
do you think like for instance like
black people only steal because white
people are wealthy or or what is I mean
like I don't I think anyone
mostly I think people steal to gain
material advantage whether that just to
feed themselves and I wasn't talking
about black people stealing participer
say I was just saying there wouldn't be
theft sure but right now in the America
our big crime problems are with like the
black community like that's one of the
huge problems we have in the United
State
I think purport like maybe there's a
disproportionate level of crime in black
men yes yeah I far the majority of of
criminals in America are white yeah but
we don't care about absolute numbers we
care about proportional per capita
numbers right and per capita black
people why why wouldn't I care about
total numbers I would rather reduce
crime you know like for instance I would
rather live in a society where white
people didn't commit any crimes and a
few ethnic minorities dead wait we well
we care about proportional numbers
because we because that means there's a
problem right so like if we have a
society with a thousand people and a
hundred of them are black and 900 of
them are white and we have 150 white
criminals and ninety-five black
criminals that's we have a huge problem
the goal wouldn't be like well we need
to figure how to reduce all crime we
would say well there's a massively
disproportionate problem affecting some
group of people we need to figure out
what that problem is the per capita is
really important right the absolute okay
my primary what I'm concerned with here
is not primarily crime but you know the
amongst individuals but more systemic
problems but well per capita show system
actually I would say if we could work on
the problem of crime reduction so that
the overall massive number goes down
rather than trying to be proportional
that we're obviously going to be smarter
if we try to bring down the total number
that that will do the best for our
society well but we don't need like if
we if we you know there's lots of
different ways to make things
proportional one would be okay well
let's drive up the white rate of crime
know the reason why we talking about
proportional or per capita is because so
for instance there might be some natural
level of crime that will always exist in
a society even in a perfect utopia
there's probably gonna be some
percentage of people that commit crime
if we see that one group of
is disproportionately committing crime
over another group of people than what
it shows is there's probably some
underlying problem there that can be
solved if white male commits crime at
one percent in black what it shows is
inequality between the groups that's the
primary thing that it shows all those
primarily material inequality between
the groups that's why is that but that's
I've asked that but that doesn't seem to
be borne out historically so for
instance when we look at like black Wall
Street like that was a wealthy black
community that was burned down by poor
white people right this wasn't a classic
well you know it looks like about theft
well I mean we can use theft is one
example but like making but shifting a
totally totally different circumstance
to why were competing capitalists
willing to kill each other along racial
lines is a completely different question
than what what do overall crime rate you
know and disproportionality amongst just
everyday people reflect what kinds of
what kind of problems does that reflect
well I guess what I was trying to say
history of America is a history of the
oppression of ethnic minorities and
largely that's included but I don't
think that it was that that's driven
just out of some innate character of any
population I don't think that it's you
know just a character of white people
that they hate black people or the
character of Australians that they hate
New Zealanders or whatever I feel as
though what drive would drove racism for
instance to what drove the slave trade
was the motivation and the propulsion to
maximize a certain kind of value in a
new leading economic but this this makes
it sound like racism is literally like
the result of like capitalism or
something I do believe that I hunt to
believe I don't believe that racism is a
consequence of the capitalist system
just so but so was the nation-state as
we know it you know it's that that
wouldn't have existed as we know it
without without a capitalist order
I mean capitalism does a massive amount
of things to the world it changes our
social organization dramatically it
brings people together
I mean centralization and accumulation
of some of the things that does are good
like it centralizes power and brings
people together a massive collective
like if they
was true then why didn't we go to poor
white countries and enslave those people
like why was it mainly African slave
trades that that field like so much of
our early like agricultural industry
well probably there's a variety of
reasons why it was I know I'm not a
story so I don't know exactly why it's
obviously easier to dislike people who
look different than you do I mean it not
saying there's no tribalism or no
tendency to you know form identities
under saying that racism as we know it
came out of capitalism and and that you
would never see anything like the slave
trade in a system that wasn't based on
capitalism you never did there never in
history before the nothing 1800 so ever
you never saw large not stuff like
racial female subjugated chattel slavery
no what about like the caste system in
India or anything nothing like it that
is absolutely nothing like it those
people had some role they were
discriminated against but they had some
role in societies they were and part of
some sort of hierarchical system people
weren't slaves like in Rome or there
wasn't like the Arab slave trade or
commodities they weren't treated as
commodities they weren't treated as well
that's because a commodity it's like a
definition like under capitalism so of
course like people weren't necessarily
like but I mean like slave slavery had a
role in like all sorts of pre
capitalists or even pre feudal societies
I'm not disagreeing with you I'm saying
you'd never see anything specifically
like the African slave trade in a system
where capitalism wasn't developing I
guess it may be it depends I guess on
how specific you wanna make it but like
specifically historically like the
conditions you actually saw on the scale
well I mean like in Rome like people
were literally property they had no they
didn't even legal personhood under like
Roman slave systems I mean I feel like
I've gotten pushed into the terrain
where you're in your element because
it's getting you know a little heated oh
yeah I'm not yeah I just I guess like my
yeah my main problem just back but I
really do believe that the kind of
racism we know comes out of this I mean
one of the things that socialists
believe generally is that the social
forms that you see are historically
developed and they're developed out of
the material relations that we have
sure but all of them lead to being like
massively exclusionary we're either
other political people are being you're
saying it's like just a part of fixed
human nature that that people are racist
yeah I think that tribalism is something
that's built in I feel like
psychological research shows us so like
for instance like we tend to not
identify as much with people that look
differently than us unless we're
socialized with them so people that are
born into cities or are like socialized
with other people that look different at
early ages especially tend to have much
more favorable views of those people
even the way that we recognize faces can
change based on our familiarity with
other races so I say like socialization
agree with you then we have an
evolutionary propensity to have a
certain sort of tribal yeah identities
but I would say that we already live in
society where those aren't primary and
that the way that those things are
expressed has changed dramatically I
mean we don't always deal with people
who are like ourselves we live in a
world where and this is one of the major
hurdles for socialism to overcome
because there's a tendency within
socialism to think that localism and
decentralization is a major component
because there's its desire to kind of
get back to what seems natural which is
to deal with a small group of people
that you trust there's a kind of an
anarchist Tennessee uh-huh go in that
direction but the fact is that
capitalism has already broken with I
mean before even capitalism is the
tribal identity has been broken but
certainly capitalism is broken with this
tribal basis for social organization I
mean today we don't organize society
based on tribal identity primarily we
base it on you know the nation state and
on where capital is accumulated and so
but I mean like even in like the u.s.
like poor white people hate poor black
people rich white people will hate on
rich black people on virtue of race like
it seems like there is like a large
aspect that exists here like completely
independent of class unless somehow
class is driving this in an underlying
fashion that I just don't see I do think
that class is driving the the racial
tensions in America much more than
tribal identities do because we don't
have tribal ID
so I can't see how they can really be
shaping our weight what do you mean we
don't have tribal identities when we
don't we don't live on in a tribal
system we're not you don't think I like
people that live like in a country or
world so I come from Nebraska like you
don't think that there are people that
live here like in kind of like white
groups that see like black people or
Hispanic people especially Asian people
as like outsiders I do think that but
that's not the same thing as living in a
tribal system we don't live based on the
foods and structures that can be
produced by small tribes we live oh well
sure if you're talking about like
literally like tribes of people yeah
tribes like tribal identities yeah we
don't live that way we live
people say tribalism people when people
say when people think about tribalism
they're not talking about like living
like in literal tribes with like
Thibodaux right the origins of the
species shaping our psychology oh no
what I was saying is look we've already
broken from that foundation we haven't
broken with inherent tribalism though
that's like that's still a part of like
that's a fundamental part of human
nature right no we have propensity to
identify with small groups of people
based on our ancestral past and what's
been beneficial to us in the past but
that doesn't mean that that's any kind
of innate part of our nature that's
immutable it's already been mutated we
don't survive based on our cry bowl
affiliations anymore we base our we
survive based on our relations over
massive networks of relationships now so
we're no longer in a tribal society and
those that that doesn't dictate how we
operate them anymore okay
all right were there any other I think
these are like kind of like the major
points that I had I guess yeah no I'd
like to come back to this sometime if
you have the chance because I feel like
my answers weren't a hundred percent but
I also feel like we're very strongly
that I'm on the right side of this so
you can't just have a vision of human
nature that isn't founded founded in the
material relations between people that's
based on some sort of long-standing and
Nate structure of human psychology that
can't be mutated that's just I just
disagree and and I kind of there's this
this may be a fun
difference between like people who are I
would say progressives and people who
are conservative conservatives tend to
believe that you know there is a fixed
human essence and that somehow despite
the fact that our society as it is
constantly changing that it maintains
itself this fixed human essence really
is what's controlling our relations
despite the fact that relations are
changing all the time
mm-hmm so anyway that would be my last
comment on this debate but listen I I
feel like you pushed me into the one
area where I might expect to get
defensive do you know that's fine how
much I'm trying to like debate you out
of any area whatever I'm just these are
just like the classic reductionism is a
big thing that comes up a lot that I'm
really curious about so yeah I just
don't think that it's the class
reductionism exists where people treat
class as an identity and it isn't right
whether or not you're working class
isn't really based on what you think
about yourself and it isn't kind of
person you are it's your relationship to
well it means the production in society
yeah but they so the idea behind class
productions are my understanding of the
idea is that basically all of these
issues the in society that we have
either if it's with women or other
minority groups are reducible to some
class thing that that's like the that's
the thing the origin of these problems
is some sort of class conflict in when
it when it comes to the origins of
prejudice that is not the case when it
comes to specifically to the problems
with with women and men the gender
relations and inequality between the
genders that's certainly not the case
but that doesn't mean that socialism
wouldn't overcome those problems that
getting right like the class system
already has broken down the patriarchal
structure that used to run the world
they we're already seeing massive
strides forward for women's emancipation
just based on market forces just based
on the progressive nature of capitalism
so you know to to think that overcoming
the contradictions within capitalism
towards as a class less society
wouldn't overcome what remains of
patriarchal Authority I think you'd have
to make a pretty strong argument as to
why Petri Oracle Authority would survive
that when it's not even surviving very
well under capitalism well sure yeah I
mean that's kind of branches into a
whole argument but okay all right cool
well I think you know you start to
you've written enter to the into the
framework I'm in a recognizable heated
debate I know it's just a conversation
with you but no one like on the left
this is all right but yeah it was fun
talking uh-huh and I'd love to come back
any time
yeah sure yeah I just must have you
never say if I don't respond I'm really
I'm much better at discord than a
Twitter right because I get a ton of
random Twitter DM sorry I don't always
see those but yeah okay well talk to you
later
yeah thanks a lot I'll see that it right
all right we can't possibly have evolved
out of tribalism the short amount of
time well of course not but we seem like
we started to switch around tribalism to
mean living in literal tribes
[Laughter]
this guy was like really polite so I
didn't want to like go hard on him like
I did with Caleb but it was pretty
annoying when he was saying that I was
like pushing him into an area I still
feel like I should have done the thing
where I answer the question that I asked
him like if I am I asked you like well
if the majority of your society is white
and it's ultra democratic what protects
the black people well this is a very
fringe area this is like super fringe I
don't have the exact answers like okay
well like I feel like this is a pretty
fundamental thing I think it's a pretty
it's not like a super cop I'm not asking
you to like give me the top to bottom
view of like your judicial system I'm
just like curious like how do you solve
for these problems like complain so much
though material interest doesn't mean
profit for capitalists these two things
are not the same
