people vote your this hover brags every
something different over four million
people have signed a petition so far to
cancel Briggs at rip-rip there's a probe
brags on March 2 but the fake news media
isn't talking about it no damn oh my god
the UK is so [ __ ]
holy [ __ ] are they going to revoke
article 50 wait what is so article 50 is
the way by which the UK leaves the e the
EU right is that I mean just to make
sure I have a full understanding article
50 is caused in the European Union let
some tree that outlines start speaking
about countries seeking early the block
voluntarily invoking article 50
kick-starts the home of Ross as
successors we're gonna how can does this
the UK even have the ability to revoke
this or what they have to get like
support from that you to do it the EU oh
the UK can revoke it unilaterally okay
wait they can't revoke they need support
the courts already decided the EU world
they could okay oh this was a good house
ma'am brexit of this is a disaster I
will go on live abroad I go and live
somewhere else this protester I think
we're going to have to move to an
insurance-based system of health care
[Music]
I think that um oh so right now I think
what happened was I think the United
Kingdom the EU tentatively accepted
pushing back brexit I think for a while
or something I don't remember how long
but the but only if the only if the UK
agrees to accept the deal that they've
laid out within the next week within the
next few days I think right and if they
don't accept that then I think isn't is
April 4th the deadline or something
where is it April 12th
yeah the UK has like one week to make a
decision and if they don't accept this
then it's a hard brexit only unlike
April 12th or something yeah who you
shouldn't be able to do a referendum on
a referendum right personally I don't
think democracy works that way I don't
think you can do a second referendum I
feels like it breaks everything this is
the will of the people was to brexit I
mean yeah I feel like you should regs it
like if you're gonna if you're gonna
have a democracy right yeah
what is a hard brexit so imagine your
California okay imagine your California
and you're part of the United States
when you um so in California I can use
dollars I can drive to the country oh
yeah not everyone is American okay wait
well I don't have to use an analogy I
guess nevermind I'll just describe
things so as being part of the EU there
are a lot of things that happen as a
result of you being in the EU so for
instance you were part of a single
unified market that people can sell to
if I want to sell products let's say I
want to sell products to France and
Spain and Germany and Poland I don't
have to go and talk to all of these
countries I can just talk to like the EU
as a whole and once I have my stuff once
I can sell to the EU I can sell to every
single country in the U or I can buy
from any country you all of its it's a
it's a nice simplified streamlined
unilateral like [ __ ] thing it's an
awesome market right one one unified
market now being in the EU there are
things that you have to do to other
countries to kind of like stay within
like the provisions or whatever the
European Union government and everything
as well right now let's say that I'm
like hey I want to [ __ ] leave the EU
okay I want to get the [ __ ] out of here
so if you leave the EU you need to get
you need to have all of your trade deals
and everything on the books ideally
before you leave right okay well I'm
gonna leave but I still need to trade
with Germany I still need to trade with
Poland I still need to trade with all
these other countries so I am going to
so let's get a whole bunch of trade
deals worked out so once we leave the
European Union everything can at least
function similarly to how it was before
right but the problem is is that if you
don't work any of those deals out once
the United Kingdom leaves the EU they're
gonna be in a really bad position to try
to bargain for good trade deals and good
negotiations after they've left because
now the EU maybe might be motivated to
take like bad action against them it's
gonna be harder for them to work out any
deals the UK is gonna have a hard time
getting access to the European Union and
those markets so exporting products is
gonna be hard which is gonna hurt the
economy importing products is gonna be
hard which is gonna hurt the economy and
they also have to renegotiate trade
deals around the world as well right
because now any deal that the unite the
United that the European Union
negotiated right these multilateral
deals the United Kingdom's gonna have to
renegotiate in their own as well but the
problem is is that the UK has nothing
none of this is negotiated now no one
knows what a post brexit No Deal United
Kingdom looks like and that's what a No
Deal brags it is right like a No Deal
Briggs is literally they leave the EU
and they're like Fogg like what the [ __ ]
like what am I supposed to [ __ ] do
like I can't trade with anyone like
they're [ __ ] it's like it's arguably
it's unimaginably bad like it's almost
like the us like defaulting on the
national debt like it's like maybe not
quite at that level but it's like it's
pretty bad it's pretty [ __ ] like to
imagine what what the UK is gonna look
like post No Deal brexit you know is it
possible everything works out and
literally they're all fine I mean so
like I guess like an ultimate best-case
scenario would be the UK leaves and they
managed to renegotiate every single deal
so it's on equal terms as before I have
a hard time believing it'll happen
though because the EU is gonna be
motivated to not do that right because
they don't wanna reward a nation for
leaving the European Union but I mean I
guess it's possible that they could
leave and renegotiate most deals to be
like decently as before or maybe
negotiate better deals independent of
the European Union although they're
coming from a worse bargaining position
so I don't know how they'd be able to do
that but yeah I mean destiny you're
exaggerating to be honest I hope they
get no deal so you can see well I mean
they are gonna get a no deal brexit I
mean it's I guess it's possible that it
does have that much of an impact on the
UK but it's hard to imagine but I guess
we'll see 1.3 trillion dollars and 7,000
finance jobs are leaving Britain because
it breaks it 1.3 trillion and what and
just like accounts or banks and other
financial companies are shifting more
assets of drugs out of the UK as the
country lurches towards brags though I'm
sure there's a lot of industries that
are gonna be moving out of the UK source
all the brig's it as well right because
being out of because being out of the UK
you know you're being in the UK means
you're out of the EU as well you want to
be situated and say that you for rent
why are they better at bargaining right
now rather than when they leave when the
EU knows they're leaving it just because
there's less uncertainty
so one thing markets don't like one
thing that markets don't like is
uncertainty that's one of the reasons
why people really liked why the markets
in the u.s. really like Trump when Trump
was elected not necessarily because
because Trump would be pushing like
strong
economic policy or because probably be
doing these to open markets but more so
that like when you get Democrats that
come in and the Democrats won't have
like more regulation and everything
things are a little bit less certain
like you don't actually actually know
like well what if the Democrats come in
and they start pushing a whole bunch of
like environmental regulations like well
[ __ ] like this gonna [ __ ] our [ __ ] up
right so the markets get a little bit
iffy but when a Republican comes in
Republicans usually believe the markets
alone and markets like to be unfucked
they like to be left alone so they tend
to like rise right though the stability
is good so the biggest worry about about
leaving the United Kingdon Union without
any deals on the table is it presents a
lot of instability like the markets
aren't sure like what the [ __ ] is gonna
happen is there gonna be a deal that
doesn't get negotiated its gonna [ __ ] a
certain sector of the economy is it
gonna be something that does get
negotiated that like leave somebody
behind like yeah so the uncertainty is
like really bad there if the deal
doesn't go through that you will grant a
longer extension before a 12 depending
on what Mae wants to do no deal breaks
is actually not really that probable
anymore wait I thought I'm sorry unless
this is an update from like today or
yesterday I thought that the EU told
them that if they don't accept the deal
as it stands right now they're not
granting anymore extensions or did this
change literally yesterday
does it not benefit the USA of brags
that happens shouldn't we be happy about
this well arguably no the world should
want more people to be unified it seemed
like goddamnit I need to bring history
majors or read history I'm so ill
informed on history so everything I say
regarding history everything I say
regarding history you should take with
huge grains of salt because oh my god
I'm like very uninformed in history so
it seemed like there were kind of like
two schools of thought at like
post-world War one in post-world War two
it seemed like post-world War One the
idea was that every individual nation
needs to be a strong sovereign nation
that stands on its own and we need to do
[ __ ] on our own we need to get [ __ ] done
and everybody needs to kind of like take
care of themselves and watch themselves
that was like the general it seemed like
that was like the general trend or
general thoughts post-world War One but
post-world War two it seemed like it was
different it seemed like after report
after world war two the thought was like
okay well hold on this doesn't work
maybe we should all kind of like unify
each other and work together right we
need to create NATO we need to create
like all of these unions we need to have
all of these alliances we need to have
it so that everybody is kind of invested
in everybody's success and that kind of
seemed to be like the post-world War two
state right that's why we moved to like
proxy wars and [ __ ] because people
didn't necessarily like want to go to
war with each other anymore and now
we're
all kind of like intermingled with each
other's economies China success relies
on the US markets
you know US markets rely on China's you
know manufacturing every country around
the world is kind of invested in the
economic success success of every other
country the European Union binds all of
European countries together right Europe
is it has a very [ __ ] violent bloody
history Europe is such a [ __ ] violent
why don't we talk about Muslims all the
time but oh my god Europe's history is
like [ __ ] perpetual bloodshed you
know and it seemed like post-world 1 we
had the League of Nations
yeah but post-world War two we went real
[ __ ] hard like we might have had the
League of Nations where one of a
post-world War two we were like we're
literally gonna [ __ ] rebuild you the
[ __ ] out of Japan [ __ ] Germany is our
new best [ __ ] friends we're gonna
help them - we forgave all the [ __ ]
war debts for [ __ ] everybody like
even after the world even after the
League of Nations in World War one like
we were still like we would came down
real [ __ ] hard on Germany
I don't think the League of Nations he
accomplished much like not compared to
like the like the like the United
Nations and all of that [ __ ] like
post-world War two everything right
post-world War one they made the League
of Nations for the world's biggest
country USA didn't even [ __ ] join
yeah
the EU said if the deal passes the
deadline is 22nd Oh May 8th the deal
doesn't pass it on those 12 April but
they are open to doing an emergency
brake system but before the 12 able to
agree on a longer extension Oh gotcha
interesting okay so maybe then maybe
they will continue to push it down the
road
I'm sorry I shouldn't laugh but like
it's so [ __ ] the treaty that ended
World War 1 was the worst piece of paper
on the face of the planet cause war is
this the Treaty of Versailles or is this
the League of Nations just a comment
about them going in the direction of
internationalism yeah but anyway like
the idea that like you have all these
massive packs and massive unions the
United Nations NATO the European Union
like these things like you know
everybody is scared of globalization or
sovereignty or whatever dumb [ __ ] but
the reality is is that you're when
you're invested in like the the success
of your neighbors it kind of keeps
people not directly [ __ ] with each
other you know like you know we do a lot
of weird [ __ ] with in the Middle East
and everything kind of like [ __ ] with
Russia and China Southeast Asia like
that theater and everything but at the
end of the day like we want China to be
successful because holy [ __ ] our success
very much
Sunehri success I'm just a same with the
European Union as well like when
everybody's kind of bought into each
other the idea is less conflict the idea
is more more investment in other
countries like yeah would you say I'm
sorry would you genuinely would you say
you generally have the authority to make
these statements a propos I don't know
what this word means : apropos apropos
with reference to okay I propose the UK
economy or do you agree this is largely
speculation oh I don't speculate on any
of this on my own this is all just like
random [ __ ] that I've read like impact
and brags on you I mean we can go
through one day and like read more
articles but I think that like the
overwhelming economic consensus was that
the the brexit was gonna be like a
pretty bad impact on the UK like when
the first breaks that referendum
happened I think didn't the pound lose
like [ __ ] like wasn't a double digit
points and value although it largely
recovered afterwards for reasons but you
kept a set forward to put forward
controversial YouTube activist Karl
Benjamin as a potential member of
European Parliament and here's no way he
[ __ ] wins that vote you vote on any
piece right those are all voted directly
by the people if you say is true why
hasn't the pun suffered more as a No
Deal breaks it to be expected but seems
to be doing ok so the are the thought
right now is that how I'm talking a
little bit of [ __ ] you should
independent research my own it my
uninformed guess is going to be that um
right now people don't think that a hard
brags that is going to happen and the
markets kind of have that priced in
already that the markets don't
necessarily think of hard drugs are
gonna happen if it becomes super clear
that a hard brags that is going to
happen then I think you'll start to see
the markets price that in accordingly no
one wants an actual know do brexit yeah
but the promise there's too many things
that they're not agreeing on or there
are too many like hard lines where
people can we watched an interesting
video that summarized a lot of like the
strict hard lines that people when a
grand [ __ ] does anybody know we watched
was it a CGP grey video I don't notice
all this dude's damn
I [ __ ] hate offline TV camera XD [ __ ]
you nice hey before the rod show throw
me your goddamn [ __ ] Prime subs okay
before you go and give them to Roger
[ __ ] that guy
don't give him any destiny that's
insured all the hardliners in Parliament
and the DUP 107 No Deal really it seems
like a No Deal [ __ ] everybody is it
this hey what's going on with brexit
well it sure has been a lot of little
coupling here grandpa let's float away
from all that we look at the picture up
here it easier to see one two three of
the Apostles winning the first British I
wonder if I can be anything else content
Northern Ireland's this my partner
United Kingdom share the island of
Ireland with the country Ireland this
Ireland is in the European Union and the
United Kingdom is well that's the whole
thing isn't it before you cable to
brexit the European Union wall can
circle them all the wall isn't literal
it's a metaphor for the overnight
circles a view institutions border
complications possible to draw so it's a
metaphor one maximum exit is the exit
where you can't leave to build her own
wall separate from the EU and be like
any other country this Maxima bites into
the top of the treaty with a wall around
the UK which following the border it
would go straight across the Irish
islands oh oh no the books on Ireland
Northern Ireland and UK is long and
complicated and sometimes frightening
relationship are not tomes to be opened
here
the much shorter and safer version is
there used to be a wall between the
Ireland's but there was a lot of the
violence and a lot of the troubles until
honey very good Friday Ireland the UK
agree there would never be a wall to
greet them again we'll stop this while I
didn't uncomplicated relationship at
least made it nonviolent a new wall
plowing between them would break this
biopolitical promise that's UK and
Ireland Anita you all agree a while here
is super no bueno no wall across Ireland
is the second vertex of the impossible
Trinity wait why don't you know well
anyway oh right the Mecklenberg secrete
land border with you because UK is an
island unto herself mostly but not
completely so if UK says this isn't a
couple and all agree this is
unacceptable in the wall could go here
maybe aa compromise
you paid rise to march out of the EU but
not everybody makes it Northern Ireland
stays in the EU sort of on the other
side of the wall while still being part
of the UK while the EU whispers into her
ear that were she to let go and unite
with Ireland that's cool with you ain't
no thang girl poor Northern Ireland
she's on Ireland but look things of
herself as British but also Irish but
could end up being the last part of the
UK into youth while also having the
right to leave the UK and join Ireland
if she ever votes do for UK this
situation means a wall inside the United
Kingdom no nation wants to create an
external wall through internal territory
thus the final vertex of the Trinity no
walls inside the UK leaving Northern
Ireland behind while staying connected
also means some of those overlapping
institutions can pass through the wall
making Britain's brexit rather less than
maximum and political geography being
what it is that's
four options this this or this all of
which the UK refuses but you wanted the
wall in a different lace that was like
your whole thing none of these arts thus
the impossible Chandi where the UK must
pick a side
promising no wall means no maximum
breakfast promising maximum brexit means
there's got to be a wall somewhere and
so for a long time nothing of
consequence happened Rhys mug arrghh
etcetera and ask your capitalist what if
I put the wall here but only temporarily
that doesn't solve anything I just
kicked the Northern Ireland down the
road until right back where we started
so that's what's been going on there's
no avoiding the Trinity there's three
things pick two what if the UK gave
Northern Ireland to the Republic of
Ireland that would be solved right I um
I don't know anything about that country
my guess is going to be that the people
in Northern Ireland probably don't want
to be part of the Republic of Ireland
though right because there's a [ __ ] ton
of violence between those two countries
between the country of Ireland in the
country of Northern Ireland right I
don't think I don't think they would I
don't think the people would want that
to happen
I could be wrong on that though some of
them do why did they [ __ ] why did
they fight with each other so much then
half of them do also what yeah country
giving up like territory like the
British Empire was like one of the most
important empires of all time right like
why would you give up like
opinion polls on the unification of
Ireland
stare a beam is now a tier 1 subscriber
so about half the people right now are
in favor of it
like split Prague gnar is now a tier 1
subscriber if to the House of Commons
where Theresa May is performing a
question answer session regarding her
beretta deal terms of communities all
around the country
she told the house that the EU would
only allow an extension of article 50 if
there was a clear purpose she's
traveling to Brussels tomorrow morning
to meet the EU summit leaders
what is her clear purpose listen to the
answer I gave for the first question
that's opposing p.m. QT we declared that
it wasn't clear at all mr. speaker other
than she's going to try again with what
will now term mv3 surely after two big
rejections by the house she must have
noticed there isn't much support for the
deal that she negotiated so we learned
this morning mr. speaker that she's only
going to ask for a short extension which
directly contradicts what the Cabinet
Office minister told the house saying in
the absence of a deal seeking such a
short and critically one-off extension
would be downright reckless and
completely at odds with the position
this house adopted only last night
so he's downright reckless here mr.
speaker the Prime Minister ploughing on
with an brags that originally happened
at a Cameron Wright who called for the
referendum unachievable unsupported deal
or others in this house who want to
achieve something serious and sensible
all over this country setting aside the
issue setting aside the issue that a
long extension would mean we would have
to stand hold the European parlament
reelection which I don't think anybody's
interests the outcome a long extension
would be endless hours and days this
house when is the next when is the next
set of like British elections like when
do they vote on all of their MPs next
members of parliament right are your
representatives is it do they have like
a unicameral or a bicameral can you use
that those terms and in their Parliament
is it just one house of elected
representatives who do they have two
different houses
it's 2022 holy [ __ ]
oh the House of Lords what do we
normally watch when we're watching [ __ ]
like this what the [ __ ] is this is this
the Commons what the [ __ ] to the House
of Lords talk about
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
the answer from the Prime Minister must
be heard and everybody else will be
heard by Massoni the outcome of the new
extension would be this house spending
yet more endless hours gone from placing
its Mabel on Europe and failing to
address the issues that matter to our
constituents through all some hospitals
and security and jobs
this house has indulged itself on Europe
for too
[Applause]
[Music]
order order there's a lot of very noisy
barricade
what order the Prime Minister's reply
will be heard and colleagues know that
I'm happy for the exchanges to take
place for as long as is necessary to
ensure that they are orderly the Prime
Minister it's Theresa May she's pearly
bright was she
it's this heart it's time for this house
to determine that it will deliver on
brexit for the British people that's
what the British people deserve
wait May was remain okay
that's complicated mr. speaker to
describe the parliamentary process is
one of indulgence doesn't show much
respect for a democratic process the
house mr. speaker has twice rejected the
Prime Minister's deal she's trying to
come back for another attempt on Monday
further to your ruling last Monday she's
got to come up with something a bit
different than she's come up with so far
so what significant changes will there
be either to withdrawal agreement or the
political declaration that will even
allow the Prime Minister have to table
it on Monday democracy respect for
democracy means that this house should
deliver manifesto that one he did it to
take votes from a rising interest in you
Kip you get flopped the year in
conservatives won the election in 2016
he honored his promise and it happened
been said no and left Parliament is the
whole government to account and the
Prime Minister doesn't
when she was first defeated she promised
the legally binding changes I haven't
seen those legally binded changes all
she's doing is running down the clock
after a second heavy defeat today mr.
speaker marks 1,000 days since the
referendum and this government has led
the country and themselves into crisis
chaos and division we're still legally
due to leave the European Union in nine
days time months months of running down
the clock at a concerted campaign a
blackmail bullying and bribery has
failed to convince the house either all
or the country that her deal is anything
but a damaging national failure and
should be rejected they've run out of
time they've run out of ideas people mr.
speaker all over this country are
anxious and frustrated with this
government's utter inability to find a
way through the crisis if the Prime
Minister cannot get changes to a deal
will she give the people a chance to
reject the deal and change the
government gentlemen I think he's
actually just made a point but I was
making my previous answer to him but he
doesn't want to actually respect that
vote that took place
we have a deal that keeps millions of my
fee hoods safe and secure this Corbin
leave her or remainer he's a lever right
it protects the union for the future
it means murderers and rapists on the
run to be brought back quickly to face
justice in this country no the deal is
good for this country leaver remain both
leave fence-sitter it's complicated wait
what the [ __ ] the [ __ ] is happening in
your country it's complicated he
campaigned for remain Corbin has no
ideological position Corbin is leave but
his party is remained wait and so Teresa
is leave but her parties remain ok so
both of these people originally voted to
leave originally voted to remain but now
they're both talking about how to leave
it [ __ ] itself [ __ ] oh my god mr.
speaker the announcement this week of
the closure of kouzlo stop shop
following on from those appeals argus
and body shop highlights the challenges
at the high street in Lowestoft county
faces to address these wave 3 district
council are submitting an expression of
interest to the future high street fund
which i anticipate will be heavily
oversubscribed I acknowledge the various
initiatives to be able to put forward
but can the Prime Minister to show me
that a coordinated sustained and
properly resourced approach working with
councils will be pursued to revitalize
our town centers which are so vital to
local communities in economies makes an
important point about the significance
of town centres for our local
communities and I say to my little
friend thank you also for highlighting
the work that we are doing I hope we
providing through the high seats fund of
course high streets are changing but we
want to help them in that process and
help them to adapt
that's why as he said the future my
street 2006 hundred seventy five million
available support local areas but I'd
like to also reassure my own girlfriend
that in doing this we will be promoting
partnership across the public and
private sector including local
businesses in developing those plans to
42,000 streets the young Blackbird
can I see myself with the martyr the
Prime Minister on the region of the old
feel for what happened in pay ships in
this year we must collectively together
to drive heat out of our societies
I trust the plots are very much with the
people of Mozambique whizzes [ __ ]
loser [ __ ] we're talking about
New Zealand here
Sinbad we and those from the on camera
to support their words in those
communities no speak a lot of
concessions were watching on by the
place is in chaos so we don't know we
need to inflict on the fact that we are
weak we look what is the intended day
from leading opinion responsibilities
that we all have mr. speaker six days
ago the Chancellor of the Duchy of
Lancaster said and the absence of a deal
seeking such a short and critically
we're not extension would be downright
reckless don't Minnesota does she agree
was a key factor deputy the her actions
this morning
I don't write clearly for the house in a
number of answers if I'm not getting on
this side on this question I believe
this house has responsibility to deliver
on the brexit people don't exit we have
a responsibility to know I recognize the
pronto gentleman and his colleagues in
the SMP have always taken position they
got to rethink our 450 I'm not half
present position at least not a firm
decision were tipping for the needle
position move in stuff continually moved
his position on this issue but I also
believe but nearly three years on from
the vote having taken place to deliver
on brexit for the British people it is
time for this house to face changes from
any member in dealing with these matters
I say to the Prime Minister the we need
to live like the heart deal had the
biggest defeat in parliamentary history
product market none of the deals have
been agreed upon our deal has failed the
house has voted against No Deal once
again the Prime Minister's acting in her
own self-interest oh my god greater than
being British in 2019 oh there is a
second hey what's going on the correct
on the Internet the algorithms are all
hello they stopped upon that you use
secret negotiation plan in the form of
this slide presented by the chief EU
negotiator at the European Council this
line is amazing and I want to talk to
you about it so since the brexit breakup
the EU and the UK have been trying
unsuccessfully to broker a deal and this
slide makes it painfully clear why that
has made such little progress over such
a long time
it started with brexit where UK Bota to
leave the European Union now what that
means isn't exactly clear because the EU
has a core Center but it also has many
orbits of relationships so the EU in the
UK need to figure out where they were as
a couple and the UK has a list of
deal-breakers that at least at time of
recording are non-negotiable that's fine
everyone has relationship deal-breakers
it would be unhealthy not to anyway
core no more the EU's next closest
relationships are with Norway Iceland
and Liechtenstein as part of the
European Economic Area this is a kind of
EU light they're part of the unified EU
economy with the e use for freedoms free
movement of goods free movement of
services free movement of capital and
free movement of people so as an Irish
citizen since Ireland is koryu I could
go live in a cabin in Norway even though
they're not core you because of the free
movement of people and vice-versa now
for the UK free movement of people is a
huge deal shut it down deal-breaker
this makes an AEA style relationship
just impossible so the next relationship
orbital out is Switzerland who has a
unique relationship with the EU she's
naughty you [ __ ] could be wrong but I
think the United Kingdom is a koryu
member but they but they're not part of
that free move thing but they do have
this they are part of the EEA aren't
they am I wrong on that
we do have free modem people they had
free mo yeah you have free one we just
not Schengen wait you're confusing
Schengen in the free movement no no
they're not they're not part of the
Schengen [ __ ] but they but they were
part of the European Economic Area right
yeah yeah
so the EU is tech wasn't this was in
this orbit right yes okay she's also not
in the EI and she is completely
landlocked by EU core members I mean
except for Liechtenstein
so perhaps inevitably despite not being
played you know and why are people
saying no they work or EU
I didn't say they weren't core you the
United Kingdom is a core eat okay let me
restate this more time please don't say
yes or no when I'm talking about
complicating things I got a whole
[ __ ] sentence okay the United Kingdom
was part of the European Union . period
the United was part of your community
but they were not part of the Schengen
free movement agreement they were not
part of that okay however they were part
of the free movement [ __ ] because
they're part of the EEA the European
Economic Area so they weren't part of
the Schengen Agreement they were part of
the European Economic Area correct thank
you anyway she has over a hundred
bilateral treaties with the EU
integrating their economies which means
that Switzerland has given up complete
regulatory autonomy on goods and
services to facilitate trade this is
also a deal breaker Switzerland 3ds
grant freedom of movement deal-breaker
wait the UK is not part of the EEA hold
on how IP banning this guy if he's wrong
roxtor wait so they so the EU all full
EU members are in the EA was okay
and Switzerland makes significant
financial contributions to the EU deal
maker these things are also part of the
EA so also feeling isn't an EU member in
fact she is basically in practice but
also like the EEA members lacks
representation in the parliament of EU
corp the Swiss Islands relationship way
that U is also not one that the UK wants
to emulate this now moves us to the
outermost orbitals and we get into the
really deep asterisks of European Union
foreign relationships this is stuff like
the European Eastern Partnership and the
deep and comprehensive trade agreements
which sounds like political dirty talk
or the European neighbourhood policy a
lot of the aims of these things is to
bring neighbours more inline with Europe
either with what the EU politely calls
the promotion of human rights or trade
integration but both of these bring up
the final deal-breaker is forward at UK
thinking Ukraine as an example while not
remotely an EU member or even close she
has agreed to let the European Court of
Justice have some jurisdictional power
in reporters this is required by the EU
for Ukrainian participation in Interpol
a kind of FBI for the EU that works on
cross-border crime nonetheless European
Court of Justice jurisdiction does mean
giving up some sovereignty on some
issues and that's a deal breaker or take
Turkey who can participate in trade
negotiations under the aegis of the you
presumably benefit from the trading
power a large bloc has but this means
Turkey doesn't have complete
independence in matters of trade policy
deal-breaker and so now we've passed the
outermost orbital where a relationship
even means anything and so end up in an
inevitable no deal with bu and UK's
relationship being just regular
countries to each other in the World
Trade Organization membership of which
is basically every country on earth so
the progress from EU core out to No Deal
is what this slide is showing why the EU
thinks that path is the only path but
the UK has been saying very loudly she
wants a deal while also saying brexit
means brexit she wants independence but
also wants a relationship that deeper
and more comprehensive with the u than
just the cold WTO rules but for the EU
it's impossible to see how to satisfy
those desires contradictory without
triggering the UK safe word which is
probably why this EU negotiation
strategy slide wasn't a secret but was
published back in December of 2017 by
the lead negotiator in front of the
heads of state because this isn't a
secret strategy it's a clear
illustration of the mechanistic results
of all of the UK's deal breakers I
really do think this is a pretty amazing
infographic in terms of clarity for a
horrific accomplish so you had to join
or be replaced wait I told my message
when we started is he done his intro
okay join
wait he said no we're not ready to go
wait who he said I was gonna be replace
Mira sake you need to clip me or you're
getting IP bin okay - topic which is why
I just had to make this footnote to
share it with you because I could not
bear to let it fade away into my notes
it's just part of the background reading
anyway that is why the brexit timeline
has been so long with so little
happening the UK has mutually exclusive
once as also discussing the main video
in a different area and it's really all
down to the UK you can stick with the
pillars and it would alone or you can
drop some and settle in a normal
relationship with you but you can't have
all I guess we'll see what happens soon
maybe who's in charge of Britain whilst
the Prime Minister isn't it the one we
voted for actually no he isn't
not only is the Prime Minister not in
shock yeah I was gonna say you don't
vote but we didn't even vote for him the
Prime Minister is officially just an
adviser to the real head honcho me yes
an old lady lucky enough to be descended
from a family with the most violent army
is our head of state it's officially her
country and her Lord except you know
that's not really how it works our
Parliament is a battling thousands of
years old institution that been around
for hundreds of years and it's changed
so much that the word officially means
diddly squat so how is the country
actually run what does the Prime
Minister do who does the government why
answer their backbenchers government how
home secretary that is parliamentary
where cabinet reshuffle opposition right
honourable
Britain is a democracy which means we
the people decide how the country is run
but instead of squeezing 64 million
people into the House of Commons we have
650 people representing all of us
how are they choose the country it has
been carried at Blue has been carry
divided into 650 constituencies each one
containing roughly 70,000 voters every 5
years as a general election because it X
next to the person we like best then the
person with the most votes becomes our
constituencies member of Punt or MP now
even though technically anyone can put
themselves up for election and they
often do they're almost always a member
of a political party but what is a
political party broadly speaking it's a
group of people that all feel the same
way about how the country should be run
they have a party headquarters and a
logo and a favourite color if you're a
member of one of these parties you're
much more likely to get voted off
because people know what you stand for
and political party took up money to
help with posters and leaflets and
things there's nothing in the rulebook
that says there needs to be such thing
as political parties they're just
naturally come about in theory you could
have a parliament made up entirely of
independent party less mp's it's just
never happened but they probably would
agree on anything so that's how the
House of Commons gets its 650 MPs and
now this is where she comes in yeah the
Queen politely asked one of the MPs to
be her prime minister this is a
tradition that takes back to the years
of King George the first who needed an
adviser to help run the country because
he only spoke German officially the
Queen can pick whomever she likes but so
far she's always gone for the leader of
the party with the most MPs the Prime
Minister then chooses a crack team of
his best friends to form the government
a small group of people who do the
actual day-to-day running of Britain as
in coming up with new laws and deciding
where to spend the money and deciding
how to get our money etc etc the Prime
Minister's job is it aside who does what
nothing around every so often
but the government can't do whatever it
likes it has to be kept in check and
challenged on every decision it makes
that's mainly the job of the party that
came second in the general election
they're called the opposition they
pretend they've got government jobs and
show you what they would have done if
they'd won instead again there's nothing
in the rule book about any opposition
in fact the opposition wasn't mentioned
in nor atoll until 1937 when they cut
with me how much the lead of the
opposition should be paid so about the
rest of the MPs who don't get a job by
doing the government or the shadow
cabinet they still got a very important
job to do what the [ __ ] is the Shadow
Cabinet is that the opposition cabinet
that sounds scary as [ __ ]
they're called back benches because they
sit on the back benches which are at the
back and on benches it's their job to
represent us the ordinary folk in
Parliament and they did this by voting
on things every time someone comes up
with a potential new door there's a bill
our MPs argue about it for ages and ages
and then decide I or note in avert the
eyes fella right 400 they use the word
eye instead of yes because they're
pillars in theory the MPs decide for
themselves how to vote but the slightly
depressing news is they're normally told
how to vote by the leader of their party
party leaders employ people literally
called whips whose job it is to go
around making threats and promises so
that MPs voters that hold it
the only way you can get more than half
of the rooms about the same way it may
seem like an insult to democracy but the
pilot actually that's pretty hard to
justify once a bill gets I looked at the
other screen I didn't listen I'm sorry
because they're picks in theory the MPs
decide for themselves how to vote but
the slightly depressing news is they're
normally told how to vote by the leader
of their party party leaders employ
people literally called whips whose job
it is to go around making threats and
promises so the MPS vote as they're told
it's the only way you can get more than
half of the room to vote the same way it
may seem like an insult to democracy but
the pilot actually that's pretty hard to
justify once a bill gets liked by the
House of Commons it gets handed on a
piece of paper to the room next door the
House of Lords but they're really weird
and complicated and I can't be bothered
to talk about them right now to their
story for another time
wait what is that what the velka's the
House of Lords you guys no vote on these
people set back and forth like an onion
between the two houses until ultimately
one person gets the final say on what
becomes a law isn't that insane that we
actually live in a monarchy it's 2,000
of something not 13 something gradually
over time the Queen's role has become
more and more ceremonial but she does
more and more nothing her power still
exists and in theory the Queen could
veto any no she doesn't like but she
knows full well that if she tried to
exercise any of her theoretical power
and defy the MPs that we the people
voted for there'll be an instant
revolution and will set her Palace on
fire it's easy to forget all of this
okay well we mine eat money smiley think
we needed to look up on this House of
Lords [ __ ] hold on I've never heard of
this before I'm not gonna lie I never
hear anything about the House of Lords
ruled by appointment heredity or
official function okay I need to host
Raj I love you guys listen vote for me
till the end okay Ripper and cappuccino
cappuccino option I'm a cheater deputy
no cappuccino my dudes
[Music]
you
[Music]
