hey my dude how are you doing what's up
uh I was doing a chill late-night stream
and my chat sent me a link about this
that the stock buyback timing this was a
point every time I was gonna do debates
for now and my goal is to walk through
the last debate and then graph out all
the arguments that I can see if I'm
missing like pivots or whatever it's
basically my my goal here so I'm trying
to find all the places that you pivoted
on and then I'll come back for a second
debate
I don't know push you on all the pivot
points and then we'll follow the
arguments down and see where they wind
up well here's here's the concern I have
here uh-huh
is the larger point I think you have
kind of implicitly conceded which was
you said a OC was economically
illiterate for opposing stock buybacks
as if it was some sort of fringe opinion
and I think that I've well established
that there mate while there's a dispute
in the economics profession about thee
and I'm willing to grant that like
right-wing economists think that stock
buybacks are good people generally on
the Left take that they're bad and there
is different economic arguments being
made by both sides right what you can
see that no you already loaded it what
are the that right-wing economists think
that now I'm not even I agree with that
it's way too emotionally loaded okay
some economists think one thing some
economists think and there's a it's a
moment of a research and dispute in the
economics profession and I won't I won't
attach any partisan labels sure but just
the point so she's not economically
illiterate right for supporting this
point non sequiturs whether or not ABC
ultimately supports or doesn't support
stock buybacks doesn't make the
arguments that you she uses for it or
against them legitimate or illegitimate
do you want we can go back and listen to
aoc statement but our argument was
mainly about stock buybacks not whether
or not a Oh CEO is economically
illiterate well the reason why I talked
wanted to talk to you about that
specific point is so you're arguing your
what you're disputing is her rhetoric
the fact that she was using not X just
spinning a rhetoric I'm saying that
she's using bad economics as opposed to
a logo so he's using bad logos here if
you want actually listen we'll do
this real quick okay very specifically
she has a two-minute video we'll listen
to this together I'll write this down
exactly and we could follow it all in a
real time okay give me one second
so she's confronting a pharma executive
so if I get the video you can try to get
Parmalee executive and saying why are
you spending so much on stock buybacks
instead of R&D sure so okay let's just
write down her arguments okay all right
I just have the video let's just I just
want to listen to it so we get the exact
words out so there's no rephrasing
reframing read whatever okay so okay
we've got a OSE up right here I'm gonna
start it as soon as you were ready to
start it okay we can start at the same
time oh [ __ ] yep I'm ready whenever you
are
okay three two one go
mr. Mitchell are you familiar with stock
buybacks I know what they are and what
is a stock buyback it's when a company
decides to purchase shares of its stock
in order to drive up its stock price so
between those roughly ten years four
hundred and sixty five billion was spent
on research and development the amount
that pharmaceutical spent on that same
time to dress to buy their own stock for
the sole purpose of driving up the price
was five hundred and sixteen billion
dollars so they spent more than their
entire budget on research and
development I'm on a tactic to drive up
their own stock price stock buybacks
used to be illegal in this country and
once they were made legal they were made
they were allowed and one of the things
is that wouldn't when a company buys
their own stock it drives up the price
of their stock and something has not
talked about is that CEO pay is tied to
stock price so CEOs right now are not
incentivized to invest in research and
development they're incentivized to
raise their stock price
so you know there's a lot of debates as
to what can be structured how whether we
can go single-payer whether we maintain
our insurance system the way that it is
how you make it more competitive whether
you don't
etc but I think one very clear thing
that we can see mr. chair is that if we
eliminated stock buybacks we could
reduce the cost outlays of insurance
company or pharmaceutical companies by
at least half when you compare just
research and development and the stock
buybacks alone and again I just want to
thank each and every single one of you
for sharing your stories today because
there's there is no reason force for a
drug as simple as New Zealand which cost
21 dollars in Canada for a ten
milliliter bottle it costs the
equivalent of a mortgage payment or
sometimes two mortgage payments and with
that I yield Thank You mr. okay okay
okay so I wrote down some of the
statements that she made here okay
mm-hmm
so the first statement that she just
made was that 465 billion was spent on
R&D the amount that Prime was spent to
buy their own stocks for the sole
purpose of driving up the price was 516
billion so these two numbers just don't
really relate to one another like
absolutely they do they but their
discretionary cash that they have on
their balance sheet and they could spend
all that money on stock buybacks or okay
I'm gonna make a couple of statements
and you can tell me if they're true or
false okay ready
is it possible that a company could
spend 400 billion on R&D and do a
hundred billion in stock buybacks but
still not be investing enough in R&D is
that possible okay you agree that that's
possible is it also possible that a
company could squander 400 billion on
our or I'm sorry is that also possible
that a company could spend you know a
hundred billion on R&D and there are
just no drugs that it could bring to
market right now and then spend 900
billion on stock buybacks and that could
be possible
is it possible that there's just nothing
right now that is like advantageous for
a company to that's where the point of
moving forward I would say in a fantasy
world where we are close to securing all
human diseases
sure okay then we agree then
then you agree that these two numbers
have nothing to do with one another it
is entirely possible that there are
positive NPV projects that a company
could invest money into and still have a
lot to spend on buybacks or have nothing
to spend on buybacks the only reason she
gives these two numbers is because the
second number is bigger than the first
number they have nothing to do with one
another do you disagree with that or do
we need to talk about that would you
agree with this video yeah I totally
disagree and I'll tell you why okay wait
wait wait I don't want to hear broader
narrative this is super basic okay this
is so you agree the balance sheet that
could be used in R&D you're asserting
that they have found the economically
optimal amount of vibe axe and a
research and R&D and that is I mean a
pretty bold empirical claim on your part
but the fact that they might not have
found a good number to invest or
whatever even if that was true that
they're somehow irrational actors okay
even if that was true these two numbers
have nothing to do with one of course
there are you asserting that we have we
have rationed all of economics is based
on the idea that every option of
rationality
yeah and that's where the miss Botz
where the models make mistakes why does
this exist if there was rationality
that's what do you mean what do you
think rationality means okay first of
all what I mean is optimal rational
decisions are perfectly with perfect
information that's not what rationality
may no that is not with an assumption
that no no no you are just wrong okay
here okay I'll shoot you a paper and you
can go read it I was gonna read through
it my audience tonight I'll link it to
your chat they can go and read it and
you can go and read it when an economist
talks about a rational actor oh they do
not mean that people have persisted
self-interest you mean they're
self-interested sure yeah that we assume
that people are going to make optimal
decisions based on the amount of
information available that doesn't
always factor in things perfectly people
don't have perfect information and it
could also factor in social utility as
well so for instance one pair of shoes
might be 50 dollars
okay cool that's great I'm glad that we
agree on that okay so all of economics
is based on this idea even Marx
everybody is based on the idea that we
are rational actors that people aren't
just going to waste a whole
bunch of money for literally no reason
because if we thought that then
literally all economic theory would fail
there is no unless there's some we're an
absurdist or chaos theory economics or
whatever this is fine like this point
that's right okay cool all right just
make sure so so assuming that we have
rational actors here that are trying to
maximize the amount of money that a
company is making we can assume that the
only reason why they would throw money
into into stock buybacks or actually
that's getting ahead of us all I'm
trying to say is that these two numbers
okay these two numbers have nothing to
do with one another so for instance
pharmacies are our pharmaceutical
companies could have spent ten billion
on buybacks and 100 trillion on R&D and
it's still possible that they could have
wasted money on buybacks that's the way
I could I make it a side point like yeah
a rational rational model that isn't the
only way we look at economics there's
the whole fields of behavioral economics
that we talk about for people make
irrational decisions based on cognitive
problems that humans have with
processing information so you can assume
rationality in models but human being
and decision makers in particular do not
follow the rational I'm pretty sure that
there's literally something from
behavioral economics that's called
rational choice theory that states that
individuals rely on the information they
have available to calculate what they
assume to be the most like the best
option of course everybody acknowledges
that everybody acknowledges that
behavioral economics literally
researches this of course that's what a
rational actor is it doesn't mean
perfect information it doesn't mean God
Tyr what I'm saying because this is a
super dumb point that a lot of lefties
make when they try to criticize
economics and I see it posted on ason
subreddit I see a post on a chapel
traphouse and I saw it a lot in your
chat last night and I see it in your
chat right now is that people assume
that when an economist says that in some
economic agent is rational that they're
saying oh they think that people have
perfect information and never make a
mistake that is not true that is
absolutely not what economists think it
just means that we assume that people
make what they interpret to be the most
optimal outcome with the information
they have available now that might not
even be the most optimal outcome but
it's what they think is the most optimal
outcome the alternative to this is
thinking that people subject to
cognitive errors fair of course yes
lutely which is what behavioral
economist studies what sunk cost fallacy
people make also you have mistakes of
course that are irrational when they
make decisions
sure point but when you're saying
irrational there that's still a part of
the rationality of a person so for
instance a person might rationally
lecture rationally be irrational yes
that is correct
do I do you need me to explain that okay
so we'll all explain that because that
might sound confusing how can a person
rationally be irrational so a person
might sink some amount of money into a
project okay and that amount of money
that they've sunk into that project is
going to weigh on them in some
subjective way that when they have to
choose where to invest future money
they're gonna continue to sink it into
that project because using that would be
economically irrational though well it
would be what you would expect a
rational so you're telling me that human
beings aren't economically rational
because they because for example the
sunk cost fallacy where someone has
invested a bunch of money in a project
and they're not properly calculating
whether the next dollar is a worthy
investment they're seeing all that lost
money which if they were economically
rational they would be able to coldly
and dispassionately say that money is
lost let's cut let's cut and run and
spend on something else but what we see
it in so actual human behavior is they
continue to spend money on the sunk cost
okay I don't want to write like an arc
map for like everything well but you you
you just conceded the definition to me
now you're fighting the definition so
what do you so I'm gonna return back to
the primary point I'm gonna ask you
again what do you think economists mean
when they say a rational agent but
here's here's the don't pivot don't
pivot you pivot around every argument we
made yesterday can you just answer this
question what do you think that it
couldn't have some evil no even grant
you the idea that they're making
rational that I can economists described
it but the problem is you don't
understand what a rational actor is
better you think rational means you are
making these whole unit calculations
that are based on perfect information
that's not what a rash okay tell me what
you think rationality sure wait
rationality that's a that's a different
question than what somebody in economics
considers to be a rational person right
somebody a rational person in an
economic sense is just somebody that's
spending their money and what they
personally considered to be the best way
possible that's all the rational person
is so they might think they might be and
you tell me if
and this is my understanding of what
economists use the phrase rational
behavior okay I think we've established
that humans don't behave in this way but
this is the way economists describe
economic behavior they say rational
behavior refers to decision-making
process that is based on making choices
that result in the optimal level of
benefit or utility for an individual
yes something rational behavior implies
that people would rather be better off
than worse off yes most conventional
economic theories are based on the
assumption that all individuals taking
part in any action or activity are
behaving rationally now here's the
problem with you
I almost agree with your definition but
it's missing one word in there before
can we start review that again and I'll
tell you the one word that's missing
there okay the whole thing yeah just
start retarding innocent it's by the
early part this is reading reading with
Mike from p.m. reading with Michael yeah
okay go ahead rational behavior refers
to a decision-making process that is
based on making choices that result in
the optimal level of benefit or utility
okay wait so it's before optimal you
just need the word perceived and that's
what that means that's what economists
think it's what it's what an individual
perceives as the most optimal outcome
for them that isn't always going to
align with reality and let's talk about
what behavioral economics was that I
brought up because and I said that
behavioral economics studies the effect
of psychological cognitive emotional
cultural and social factors on the
economic decisions of individuals and
institutions and how those decisions
vary from those implied by classical
theory aka rational behavior so there's
behavioral economics is a evolution of
an a contradiction of rational behavior
theory that you're talking about so
basically if people were perfect
decision makers they would do a thing
but we know that in reality they don't
do a thing because of this reason this
reason this reason and an example that
we both agreed to exist was the sunk
cost fallacy so what I'm trying to say
is in the real world these executives
are operating under a behavioral
economic model they are not operating
perfectly rationally and they have miss
incentives and this is something that I
sent to you last night which talked
about how when a company is buying back
a stock what they're saying to the
market
before we get into it can we just focus
on one point
but this point is related right but you
yeah every point you make is related so
that we never have to actually solve any
individual point that's what I'm trying
to make these arguments because we jump
and jump off of every we do you think
okay so let's let's focus on the point
is the classical idea of rationality the
same as the behavioral economics theory
of no I don't believe that any
reasonable economist is going to say
that like a rational agent a rational
economic agent is somebody that makes a
cold dispassionate calculation right
that you would have to be an idiot to
say this people would never invest their
money into dumb in socks we would never
buy gold like conservative radio
advertisements tell you to buy we
wouldn't waste money on junk food like
we wouldn't waste money on like low APR
cars with variable [ __ ] or whatever
like obviously there's entire industries
beta on minute no but like casinos
wouldn't exist right like that's about
that supports my point though no well
unless you literally believe that every
economist is so stupid they're like oh
well I don't even know how that works
it's impossible we can't possibly
account for our advertising can
influence a person to buy product
because they're all rational well we're
all a little lost we lived in a world of
perfect information and whatnot that
classical economics assumes when they
say that market rationality or the
optimal price theory is correct
they're they they would argue that we
advertising would have no effect but we
know that it hasn't of course yeah of
course are we said that whole industry
is thriving for a reason and that's
because imperfect information exists you
and I can't possibly know of all
possible products yeah of course we
don't need to know all possible choices
to be considered rational agents a
person would assume that I'm going to
spend my money in a way that's going to
maximize my benefit I might make the
wrong decision like you're telling me
that they're making the optimal decision
what their R&D spending and they're and
they're not spending $1 to little there
perceive I perceived optimal decision
but go ahead but okay but that's that's
carrying a lot of weight because maybe
they just don't know about a that's the
agree sir if they don't know about it
that is gonna mean that was their
perceived optimal spend they just they
were unaware of some drug they could
have spent more money oh of course but
but the same thing they
also have an uncertainty principle
around the rate of return on a drug
right they don't know with certainty
whether or not a drug is going to pay
out they don't know whether or not a
treatment is going to of course you
don't know if it's all the other trials
before him they make estimates based on
each drug right okay and they guess and
if and then so even when they're
guessing there's marginal drugs right
that you are on the border of yeah and
so if we allow them if we incentivize
them to spend more on R&D that would
increase the number of marginal drugs
that are invested in we don't know that
that's not necessarily true
it's possible that if you would have
dumped that money into R&D it would have
been squandered maybe there weren't any
good drugs that were ready to be brought
to market maybe there wasn't any
promising research on a drug that could
have led to a profit for the company
like there these things are entirely
possible you haven't demonstrated that
they're not that there are all of these
drugs that that could have had all this
money invested into them that these
companies could it's okay so I think I
think what I'm hearing is that you
believe that the National Institutes of
Health funding but level should be zero
because drug companies are making the
most optimal invest in drug R&D we don't
win to the pharmaceuticals are making
rational decisions so why the hell are
we spending government money on it
because government research might be
going to products or might be going to
research that benefits the public good
that doesn't necessarily bring a
specific drug to market right the point
of a pharmaceutical companies that are
privatized is that they can do further
specialized research into some area to
bring some drug to market it states to
privatize the games and socialize losses
right so that in other words the
government is subsidizing research and
development and when a when a university
or our public researcher comes up with a
drug pathway to treat a disease the
pharmaceutical companies can come in get
the patent for that drug develop it for
the market and then massively overcharge
okay hold on I'm curious do you think
that like if we were to just like that
the government is just in the position
to just spend all of the money that the
private pharmaceutical companies do on
drug research that literally these
companies just sprung up and are just
like arbitrage and the [ __ ] out of us or
something like they just came in and
took over all the research and stole it
from the government you don't think that
there's any value being added by a
pharmaceutical company do you believe
that
hold on hold on you said you didn't say
that but the way that you just phrased
that that that public R&D does
everything and they're actually the one
and then these privatized companies come
in and they pass something they steal it
like do you do you think do you think
it's your baby hold on with it I want a
yes or no answer of that or you can
elaborate do you think that privatized
pharmaceutical companies add no value to
the pharmaceutical market I didn't say
that okay that's to you so with it so I
know you did it I just want you to
answer that I'm just curious do you
think that but I did you jumped over me
I said yeah sure okay so okay cool so
then we agreed that they do so we agree
that there is a value that privatized
research does accomplish that public
research doesn't that's great
so there's room for both of them which I
100% support we should have broad
research into pharmaceutical R&D and
whatnot and we should also have private
companies that can take that research
into a more specialized direction a lot
of it by the way which ends up as a dead
end because a lot of these drugs don't
make it through trials and that's fine
there's room for both of these players
in the market yeah and we never that was
never a dispute of course it's not well
our dispute was originally whether or
not the 516 billion that we spent on
stock buybacks is relevant to the 465
here's the problem is that you're
arguing that they were economically
rational when they made that and that is
a very difficult position to support for
a number of reasons okay why is it wrong
tell me do you know any drugs that
should have had more money bump dumped
into them that could have been
profitable for these companies tell me
what would require expertise in
pharmaceutical industry and I'm sure we
could find plenty of people to tell us
that that that there are drugs okay well
so I'm gonna assume then that you've
conceded this argument until you can
think of a small no but that's that's
ridiculous you're no because my model
makes perfect sense and if everything
makes sense it makes perfect sense my
let's keep going okay so the first point
that she brought up she brought up 465
billion was spent on R&D 516 billion was
spent on stock buybacks these two
numbers have no relation to one another
and you really shouldn't be bringing
these numbers up to try to say that
money is being squandered on stock
buybacks it doesn't make sense okay so
that was my first argument against her
economic or I should say finance
literacy I guess you keep saying they're
not related but you agree that they
could divert money from one to the other
so they are related in the sense that
they're discretionary you agreed on
earlier was that you could have spent
700 billion on R&D and only a hundred
billion on stock buyback
and you still could have squandered the
money on stock buybacks or you could
spend 600 million on R&D the end and
only 50 billion on stock buybacks and
the money could have actually been
squandered on R&D these numbers cut the
existence of those possibilities doesn't
mean that the current possibility is
correct no what I'm saying is that
because that's the problem that you have
is you're arguing that the current pot
the current blends is the optimal
economically rational and optimal thing
no and that stock buybacks have no
impact on the level of R&D what I'm
saying is that if two guys don't pivot
Steve answer the question yes at the
point I said which was you're arguing
that this the current balance of stock
buybacks to research and development is
economically rational and optimal I
don't know what you mean by I still
don't know if you know what rational
means I don't know how to answer that
question I just exploit it to you
multiple times yeah but I still don't
think you know what it means I think you
mean that it means people have perfect
information or something no no that that
this is the best possible thing for the
company's benefit like I don't know if
anyone can know that we would literally
can only ask god I think they're doing
what decisions how does a company make
any decision what do you mean they make
decisions based on their perceived best
spend yes then yes I believe that this
was their perceived best spend yes that
they believe that this is a perceived
best friend correct to maximize profit
that there were no NPV there were no
positive infinity projects so they
didn't invest money in them and they
didn't know that first of all the idea
that there are no NPV versa
there's probably positive NPV that is
less than other investments right like
say for example buying a Treasury they
probably would invest in something that
has an NPV but it's lower than an
alternative investment okay wouldn't
that alternative investment just be
another NPV well that's what I'm saying
but they're drug companies and they're
spending on non drug investments I don't
know I don't know how common it is that
drug companies just spend their profits
buying up other companies if that's what
you're saying but like well that's in
fact one of the major pharmaceuticals an
alien that we talked about last night
well okay I don't wanna jump into that
okay it's not relevant okay so my
relevance comes but it is relevant you
said you're not sure and I'm giving you
a point which is they spent zero money
on R&D and they only spent money in M&A
and their argument was will just be the
hedge fund of pharmaceutical companies
and we'll only look for little drug
companies out there
doing research and we'll buy them up and
we'll jack up the prices and we'll make
a lot of money and it turned out to be a
huge [ __ ] scam and it's and they've
collapsed horribly they've have one of
the worst returns of all the drug
companies okay so that is relevant right
no by the way where they went by the way
were they economically rational when
they spent zero and R&D and valent
pharmaceuticals it's possible I don't
know I don't know the internal workings
on the company I would assume so cuz I
had assumed of the CEO is making really
[ __ ] decisions of the board would fire
him and they'd pick another CEO because
they say okay [ __ ] over their stocks
okay so alright so you believe that we
shouldn't we shouldn't in any way look
at the consequences of decisions we
should only say if they were if they
were way way WAY WAY WAY Dini by
consequences of decision what kind of
consequences so this was an art they had
an argument that they bore this CEO and
this board had a belief that investing
in R&D was waste of money and they
should only spend in acquisitions
marketing and and stock buybacks okay
sort of what you are you are advocating
for his economic not advocating for and
I'm saying that's when I would expect a
private firm to do but go ahead so and
so they had that
that was a decisions they made and
they've lost billions of dollars of
shareholder value
it sounds like they made a bad decision
then and they went broke because now
they're like they've made a really bad
decision but they were making an
economically rational decision you don't
know what rational actors yes I do I'm
saying you're saying the district
decision-making process no no no so okay
so what you just said was because
somebody made a bad decision they
weren't rational that's just not true
you don't you still don't understand
what the rational actor means well you
think that it means that they can only
make good decisions you don't understand
no that's not what I mean that's exactly
but there is zero there's zero room for
interpreting your statements any other
way you're saying that because they made
a decision that led to the company going
bankrupt that was economically rational
that like you don't understand what it
means I don't know that's not what I'm
saying okay you're saying that they were
making the decision that was the
perceived optimal optimal level of
benefit mm-hmm so it sounds like that
perception was incorrect but from that
point of view Steve any decision because
it's from the point of view of my
subjective self is a is rational
yes the assumption is that what's the
[ __ ] point of going irrational why
don't we just call it subjective
behavior because the point of calling it
rational is to show that we believe that
people will spend in the ways that they
consider optimal so what it does is it
means that we need to investigate how
people view things in terms of what
makes things optimal why would somebody
buy a bowl of whatever food from
Chipotle over another restaurant that's
Bowl it has equivalent products but it's
three dollars cheaper there must be some
other reason why they're doing it
because we have to assume they're being
rational because in in and I guess in
your world people can just waste money
for no reason but a reasonable like a
behavioral economist might say hey
there's a higher social utility attached
to buying Chipotle maybe because they
are oh you kept inserting perceived and
I read a definition from investopedia do
I have any icon like grad students or
whatever in chat to come and explain
this because I'm gonna [ __ ] kill
myself I have to do this drive if I have
any congrat students can you guys pick
up please
I can't the reason why we the reason why
we can't move from this opinion is
because you keep arguing that the money
spent on five acts it's not related to
the money spent on R&D and I'm arguing
that it's the same it's a pool of money
on the balance sheet and they made a
decision and you're saying that whatever
decision they make is their perceived a
rational decision so notice so the
decision isn't wrong Mike from PA
because they're perceiving it as the
best decision and I'm saying related to
the consequences of those decisions we
can determine whether or not those were
economically or or or rational from the
point of view of a utilitarian
perspective of the consequences of those
decisions did they actually result in
them correct the socially optimal level
of drug research or not and I'm saying
it's very likely that we're below the
socially optimal level of drugs socially
alcohol has nothing to do with whatever
we're talking about it is causing when
you're talking about the government when
you're in you're making policy now for
another talking about a government
making policy we're talking we're not
talking about making a policy we're
talking about aoc making the statement
that since pharma spent some amount of
money on stock buybacks and less money
on R&D it therefore can be stated that
their money was squandered that is a non
sequitur by definition which showcases
that she has a bad understanding of
finance that's my whole point on this
statement because these two numbers
could live
we be a anything you already agreed to
that you said they could have spent 500
billion on RNA and only London you would
argue that it was you would say it was
rational no matter what it was no we're
not talking about whether or not it's
rational
what I'm saying is it just because what
if I meant it let me refocus you just
because a company spends more money on
R&D or more money on stock buybacks than
on R&D doesn't mean that the money was
squandered on stock buybacks these two
numbers are not related to one another
that's all I'm saying that no person
that knows what the time I would say oh
well they spent more in stock buybacks
than R&D therefore we know what's wrong
no those two things are not related they
could have spent far less on buybacks
than Rd and they still could have
squandered money these numbers have
nothing to do with one another that's
all I'm saying this is undeniable like
okay and here's what I'm saying which is
also undeniable that that's the same
pool of money and those pharmaceutical
industry could have spent that money on
R&D so in fact they are their measure a
if you were making an argument decision
you're making a decision between you
want to make that argument if you want
to decided that it's economically
rational if you want to make that
argument too fine I do I do this is very
simple your art and you're saying what
we're observing is that they said it was
economically rational to spend more on
stock buybacks than it is on R&D and the
question is do you think that that makes
sense and does that strike you as
surprising that pharmaceutical companies
whose sole their purpose in our economy
is to create a profit by providing drugs
for to consumers the fact that they
spent more on stock buybacks and they
did on their own product pipeline is
surprising and maybe it's the
economically rational decision I don't
know how any of that has anything to do
with the fact that how much money they
spent on stock buybacks versus R&D has
nothing to do with whether or not the
money was squandered if you want to make
that statement that what you need to say
is here are some promising drugs that
could have even been plus NPV projects
for the company but they didn't invest
in them and they did stock buybacks
anyway that's the argument that you
would go with you would never just point
to these two figures and say since B is
higher than a they must have been wasted
that is a nice equity doesn't make sense
I didn't say it was wasted but the
question that's what a OC is just trying
to make the point she said a God to the
other points yet her first what I'm
saying is that if she wanted to make
this argument the first point already
doesn't matter how much you spent on
buybacks versus how much you spent on
R&D has no bearing on whether or not
there were more projects you could have
invested in or more money you could have
spent on buybacks it is totally
unrelated closing parentheses okay we're
just gonna keep going over the same
point over and over again cuz you're not
under you don't do you well you can see
that it's a pool of money they could
have used for war research and
development or they could hurt on
dividends or you could have sure but we
need but if we want to say that they
should be related it's related in a
sense that what the money is fungible
but it doesn't tell us whether or not
money was squandered which is what she
is saying that's cuz her next point is
they spent more on their entire than
their attire R&T budget on a tactic to
drive up their own stock price she's
making it sound like the money is being
wasted or squandered that's a different
point and we can move to that point now
if you want or if you if you're too
tired after this one point it's fine I
understand we could move on wait hold on
all that hon okay wait a Calixtus can
you state your background and tell me
what you want to talk about real quick
all right come on let's let's okay I
have an undergrad in the Flex okay go
okay at least the [ __ ] masters give a
[ __ ] what we're talking about right now
is high school econ 101 so this is
plenty stuff we covered in high school
because I'm talking about behavioral
economics did you take that in high
school you stupid [ __ ] if not get the
hell out of here okay that's the mean
that's a bit unfair okay let go when
when you talk about when you talk about
rationality and economics you're not
saying that something is the most
optimal decision as destiny was saying
that's not what I said that is what you
said like 12 times I oh my god I read
the rational behavior thing and I said
it was a decision make a result in the
optimal level of benefit or utility the
optimal level of benefit
utility is the [ __ ] definition but
that perception of utility is subjective
there is not like an objective concrete
way of like a measuring this utility is
one of the most difficult to study
concepts because it's so hard to tie
like a monetary value to like social
utility let me give you an analogy you
say something's red I say something's
green we look at it and we have a
different subjective perspective now are
we both rational for saying it's red or
green or should we tie the color red and
green to a certain wavelength of light
is that rational based on the wavelength
what you just said so what you just said
betrayed again that you do not
understand what rational means here is a
better analogy okay a better analogy
would be a behavioral economist would
ask here are two equivalent shoes okay
and every single measure of the exact
same except one of them was worn by
Kanye West and the other one wasn't a
person is willing to spend $100 more on
the shoes advertised by Kanye West then
on the other shoe why what is the
perceived social utility there right
why widen now we would assume that all
people are being rational agents that
they're spending and that their greatest
perceived benefit but the study the area
of investigation why would they spend
more on the Kanye West's shoes than the
non Kanye West's shoes that these are
the kinds of things we would investigate
not like how do we tie like a color to a
wavelength like that's like the thing
here's the problem with your argument
and we're gonna get to it later is
you're still understanding what I'm
saying is that the decision makers
rationality is for his personal benefit
not necessarily the interest of the
company because you understand that the
executive interest by that print -
[ __ ] interrupt the inner the
executives interest is because who the
[ __ ] are you the executives interest is
different from the corporation who he
serves as an agent but that's not true
that's why we have that is true that's
why that's why we have stock incentives
for CEO pay is to make sure that those
interests are aligned do you agree or
disagree with that no because of what
we're going to get to later I disagree
with you okay interests of agents are
perfectly aligned with their car okay I
got you on that I want to raise the link
that you sent me last night okay give me
two minutes okay thank you so much near
that kind introduction I've long admired
all I've long admired all that you and
everyone here at the Center for American
soldiers to be clear Mike sent me this
last night and tell me to read this okay
I'm I've long admired all that you and
everyone here at the Center for American
Progress do to promote a progressive
economic agenda and I share your
commitment for making sure our markets
are safe and efficient and fair for all
Americans so it's a real honor to be
here with you today I also wanna thank
my friend Andy green who in addition to
being the managing director of economic
policy here at c.a.p has been a critical
source of wisdom for me since my
swearing at the Commission back in
January before I begin let me start with
the standard disclaimer that the view is
I'm about to express a blow-by-blow blog
today I'd like to share a few thoughts
about corporate stock buybacks and some
research produced by my staff that
raises significant new questions about
this activity as NIR I mentioned I'm a
recovering researcher before I was
appointed to the SEC I was a law
professor who spent most of my time
thinking about hike with corporate
managers incentives to create
sustainable long-term value I'd often
asked my students are we making sure
that executive pay Giz managers reason
to invest in the long-term development
of their workforce in their communities
are we paying executives to pursue
short-term stock price spikes rather
than long-term growth little did I know
that so soon into my tenure I'd have a
sobering case study to put these
questions to the test that's because of
the Trump tax bill promising to bring
overseas corporate cash home game law
last December now we all know the last
time this happened while blah blah blah
blah blah blah when I first took this
job I worried that 14 years later
history repeat itself textbook Oz
manager you blah blah blah over the
large the points that okay I don't think
it's relevant but I'll read it sure now
we all know that what happened the last
time we republican-controlled government
pushed through a corporate tax holiday
in 2004 as that bill sponsors hoped
American companies repatriated billions
of dollars where we seize cash but
corporations didn't invest most of that
money in innovation they didn't invest
in a retraining our workforce or raising
wages instead executives largely used
the influx in the influx of fresh funds
for massive stock buybacks so when I
first took this job I worried that 14
years later history would repeat itself
and the tax bill would cause managers to
focus on financial engineering rather
than long-term value creation sure
enough in the first quarter of 2018
alone American corporations bought back
a record 178 billion in stock on too
many occasions companies doing buybacks
have failed to make the long-term
investments in innovation on their
workforce that our economy so badly
needed and because we at the SEC at the
SEC have not reviewed our rules
governing stock buybacks in over a
decade I worried whether these rules can
protect investors workers and
communities from the torrent of
corporate trading dominating today's
markets even more disturbing there's
clear evidence a substantial number of
corporate executives today use buybacks
as a chance to cash out the shares of
the company they received as executive
pay we give stocks to court
managers ready we give stock to
corporate managers to convince them to
create the kind of long-term value that
benefits American companies and the
workers and communities they serve
instead what we are seeing is that
executives are using buybacks as a
chance to cash out their conversation
and investor expense all I'm saying
right here and we can continue to read
is that the general case of tying
corporate pay for the CEO to stocks is
to in is to line up their incentives
with the board which is something that
you just disagreed with now let me
finish this article okay that you linked
me okay
executives often claim that a buyback is
the right long-term strategy for the
company and they're not always wrong but
if that's the case they should want to
hold the stock over the long run not
cash it out once the buyback is
announced corporate managers believe
that buybacks are best for the company's
its workers and its communities they
should put their money where their mouth
is that's why I'm here today to call on
my colleagues at the Commission to
update our rules to limit executives
from using stock buybacks to cash out
from America's companies and I am also
calling for an open command period three
examine our rules in this area to make
sure they protect employees investors
and communities given today's
unprecedented volume of buybacks basic
corporate finance Theory tells us when a
company announces a stock buyback as
announcing to the world that it thinks
the stock is cheap that announcement and
the firm's open market purchasing
ability often causes the company's stock
price to jump so the SEC has adopted
special rules to government buybacks
those rules first adopted in 1982
provide companies with a safe harbor
from securities fraud liability the
pricing and timing of buyback related
repurchases must meet certain Kenard
meet certain conditions after experience
proved that buybacks could be used to
take advantage of less informed
investors the SEC updated its rules in
2003 though researchers noted that
several gaps still remain in the
meantime the use of stock based pay at
American public companies has exploded
although these pay programs present many
challenges the ones I've spent most of
my career thinking about is how to make
sure that corporate management has skin
in the game that is how to keep top
executives from cashing out stock they
receive as compensation you see the
theory behind paying executives in stock
is to give them incentives to create
long term sustainable value because
executives who received I comprehended
everything so far what he's saying is
that was the intention but what we're
seeing when we do the research is that
they're cashing out sure not so let's
see let's see let's see what he suggests
between sure so currently in reality of
today which is AFC and I are talking
about sure as opposed to the fantasy
world you're talking about there is a
Manu
alignment between executive interests
sure so special a [ __ ] yes I understand
so we can go back and make the cut I
don't feel like dumpster you right now
we can go back and find the clips later
but the theory of what I was talking
about sure so the theory of what I was
talking about that the reason why CEOs
are given stock compensation instead of
pay is to align their interest with the
shareholders you disagreed with us
several times you are just factually
incorrect that's why you can argue I
don't care what you said you're just
wrong you can go back and clip it and
I'll pay you don't care what I said I'm
just wrong I think that's I think that's
the point of the whole debate is you're
not listening what I'm saying
you just claiming I'm wrong because I'm
wrong so earlier in our days what I said
is stock based compensation is intended
to do that but what you never said that
you never said that you never said that
you never said that you said that stock
buybacks were just bad okay sure you can
say now but you're dramatically changing
what you said yesterday but sure first
of all he's not talking about he's
talking about the theory of giving stock
based compensation and we're gonna read
further and so I'm gonna see what his
suggestions are hint it's not
eliminating stock buybacks go ahead okay
yeah okay so the point is he's saying
that that theory has not held up because
of the way corporate executives use
stock buybacks to cash out of companies
so their interests are misaligned
they're leaning towards stock buybacks
so they can get cash they're cashing out
of their interest in the company so
they're the ones making the decision to
buy back and they're making that
decision for their own personal interest
as opposed to the interest of the
company and that may cause a
misalignment between the incentives of
the executive and the incentives of what
the company needs okay cool so let's
continue
and he gave a bunch of examples of how
it's happened in the past sure okay sure
sure so you give me that so you giving
me the point that I'm a hundred percent
right I'm not giving anything I arrived
I probably don't disagree with any of
this I don't think I ever would that
right now you don't disagree with the
debate and you've just conceded the
whole [ __ ] army because this is the
difference between like what what lefty
savers is like how actual policymakers
work is you guys will identify he's an
actual Commissioner of the SEC he
couldn't be more of a policymaker I know
green with
100% let's see okay let's continue to
read okay you see the theory behind
paying executives of stock is to give
them incentives to create long-term
sustainable value because it's uh cutis
who receive shares rather than cash
demand higher levels of pay the use of
stock based compensation has led to i
opening pay packages for top executives
in the trade investors and the economy
as a whole
Thai executives fortunes to the growth
of the company but that only works when
executives are required to hold their
stock over the long term researchers
have long worried that executives who
always prefer cash to stock interesting
researchers have long worried that
executives who always prefer cash to
stock will try to sell rather than hold
their shares eliminating the incentives
they were meant to produce so it's no
surprise that years leading up to the
financial crisis top executives at
Lehman Brothers personally cashed out
2.4 billion in stock before the firm's
collapsed and it's no wonder that
sophisticated investors have for decades
and it's no wonder that sophisticated
investors have for decades strictly
limited executives freedom to cash out
their shares in the wake of the
financial crisis Congress realized the
importance of keeping executive skin of
the game so the dodd-frank Act included
several provisions designed to give
infests investors more information about
whether and how managers cash out
unfortunately for me as opposed to
controlling all known to well you now
know and they're [ __ ] you chat
congratulations well as investors you
can as investors you hang attention so
as resistors as investors I can aboard
fire CEO yes or no of course if a board
has more information that's leading to
the CEO destroying the company are they
more likely to fire him yes or no of
course I rest my case unfortunately as
you all know to well those rules have
still yet not yet been completed keeping
investors in the dark about executives
incentives supporting me if you think
this is supporting you you're let's
continue meeting Mike nearly eight years
since that landmark legislation it is
completely unacceptable that the SEC has
still not promulgated these and other
rules required by law but it's not just
that the regulations haven't been
finalized it's that the problems itself
keeps getting worse you see the Trump
tax bill has unleashed an unprecedented
wave of buybacks and I worry that lakhs
SEC rules in corporate oversight or
giving executives yet another chance to
cash out at investor expense how
executives use by exposure that's why
when I was talking about go ahead do you
not
you understand that the paragraph you
just read is my exact point not exactly
but we'll keep reading okay because your
exact point has been relentlessly now I
know you're gonna backpedal the [ __ ] out
of it especially we get to this next
section but your entire point has been
that stock buybacks are bad period and
that they should use like dividends or
something else that's been your entire
point now once we read this you're gonna
you're gonna double back you're saying
oh well no if you change him it'll be
okay and I expect that you said you said
Mike if we structured stock buybacks in
a way where we align the incentives
better on my on my stream you said this
and I said sure if in the fantasy world
will be hum up with perfect rules
I have ambivalent about the way that
companies return value to their
investors but in the world we live in
now and we talked about the principle of
second best in economics and how you
don't always have the perfect solution
you have the second-best solution okay
sure well let's see what the second-best
solutions this guy recommends cuz he's a
policy maker memories okay okay cool
that's why when I was sworn in a few
weeks after the Trump tax bill took
effect I asked my staff to take a look
at how buybacks affect how much skin
executives keep in the game I was
worried that lakhs corporate practices
and SEC rules might lead to buybacks
that gave executives yet another chance
to cash out at investor expense so we
dove into the data studying 385 buybacks
over the last 15 months we matched those
buybacks by hand to information on
executive stock sales available in SEC
filings first we found that a buyback
announcement leads to a big jump in
stock price on the 30 days after the
announcement we studied firms enjoy
abnormal returns of more than 2.5
percent no I won't take issue with
whether or not I don't know those good
or bad we'll just keep reading so this
is just an objective fact that he's
describing of course that's unsurprising
when a public company the United States
announces that it thinks its stock is
cheap
investors will bit up its price what did
surprise is however was how commonplace
it is for executives to use buybacks as
a chance to cash out and half of the
buybacks we studied at least one
executive Schultz sold shares in the
month following the buyback announcement
in fact twice as many companies have
inside are selling on the 8 days after a
buyback announcement as sell on the
order by the way ok let's stop here for
a second so let's link it back to a
point he made earlier and the point you
made earlier that when a company says
they're buying back their stock they're
saying the stock is undervalued ok and
the persons making the decision there
they're making a rational decision right
and for the utility of the company it's
best so they're soaking
the stock is undervalued that they're
gonna buy it back but yet their personal
behavior right there selling while the
company is buying doesn't that seem like
it's a misalignment do not interesting
sentence I did not know I did not come
here to talk to you shut the [ __ ] up I'm
gonna meet you okay wait what do you
think well is this way can you talk to
me real quick what are you saying okay I
was trying to say is that yes the
company can think that their shares are
undervalued but a shareholder can go
actually I want cash right now
even though it might be better you are
literally the dumbest [ __ ] I've
ever heard that's why you have an
undergrad and not anything higher so
back to studying little boy wait what it
would decrease
do you have an economics or finance do
we want to do a credential okay that's
what I thought okay so call it so slow
down there okay
woah really slow down wait what is your
undergrad in because my but it really is
in bytes my juris doctorate my
specialization in education with me well
I've tried to hold back credentials I
don't think they matter
okay securities arbitration okay so shut
the [ __ ] up my credentials annihilate
this dumb undergrad
by the way idiot okay I don't I don't
know is everything what that is but it's
crazy to me that you have that level of
education you don't know what it means
to be a rational agent and like
basically failed and miss something if
you knew that you wouldn't have to wiki
it to read it to me that's what I do
because I don't have a formal education
okay this is why I wiki things you
shouldn't have to so let's continue to
read the point is the person making the
decision that it's at they're
simultaneously making the decision that
it's undervalued and that it's
overvalued at the same time no no yes
yes yes [ __ ] they value the cash
personally more guys let's let's talk
about this utility - Mike Mike and the
SEC Commissioner or undergrad [ __ ]
wait all the SEC commissioners all the
SEC Commissioner is saying that that
managers or CEOs tend to sell a lot of
reading so all he's saying is that man
or CEOs tend to sell their stock after a
buyback as announced I don't think
that's that surprising if you have a big
announcement and the stock price is
starting to go up that you would sell
maybe they just want cash I mean Jeff
Bezos is cashing out a lot of his Amazon
stocks I don't think that's necessarily
that surprising we're that crazy now and
now and Jeff Bezos only sold his stock
to invest in another enterprise not for
any other reason because he couldn't get
he couldn't get bank loans for his
stupid Blue Origin project okay that's
the one that's the only reason he's
selling his stock sure but he's still
selling a stock after it would would in
order to selling it for cash he's
selling it to making another profitable
investment and by the way what your if
you couldn't get loans for his
investment I don't think that I means
its profitable because then I think okay
let's just let's continue reading less
to continue writing okay so right after
the company tells the market that the
stock is cheap executives overwhelmingly
decide to sell and in the process in the
process executives take a lot of cash
off the table on average in the days
before a buyback announcement executives
trade in relatively small amounts less
than a hundred thousand words but during
the eight days following a buyback
announcement executives on average some
more than 500 thousand worth of stock
each day a five-fold increase thus
executives personally capture the
benefit of the short-term price pop
created by the buyback announcement now
let's be clear this training is not
necessarily illegal but it is troubling
because it was yet another piece of
evidence that executives are spending
more time on short term stock trading
the long term value creation it's one
thing for a corporate board and top
executives to decide that a buyback is
the right thing to do with the company's
capital it's another for them to use
that decision as an opportunity to
pocket some cash at the expense of the
shareholders they have a duty to protect
the workers my entire or the communities
they serve sure more importantly
policymakers advocates investors and
corporate boards have spent decades and
billions of dollars of shareholder money
trying to tie executive pay to long term
corporate performance but the evidence
shows that buybacks give executives an
opportunity to take significant cash off
the table breaking the pay performance
link SEC rules do nothing to discourage
executives from using buybacks in this
way it's time for that to change the
path forward there are two steps we can
and should take right away to address
the practice of executives using
buybacks as a chance to sell their
shares first as I mentioned earlier the
SEC last revised its rules governing
buybacks of 2003 those rules give
companies a so-called safe harbor from
liability while pursuing buybacks but
there are no limits on boards and
executives using the buybacks and the
safe harbor as an opportunity to cash
out
see ye safe harbor to the securities law
should subsidize this behavior instead
SEC rules should encourage executives to
keep their skin in the game for the long
term that's why our rules should be
updated at a minimum to deny the safe
harbor to companies that allow that
choose to allow executives to cash out
during a buyback and that's Mike today
I'm also calling for an open comment
period to re-examine our rules in this
area to make sure they protect American
companies employees and investors given
today's unprecedented volumes of
buybacks so I think this is totally
reasonable you want to say hey there
should be some month long period or two
months or three months where a CEO isn't
allowed to sell stock immediately
following a buyback that's fine I think
that's totally cool you've never
suggested anything remotely similar to
this and this guy's not saying buybacks
are bad he's just saying that like maybe
this is one way that we could continue
to align the shareholders with the CEO
which we do with stock compensation
which was my entire original theoretical
point yesterday and then secondly he
says corporate boards and their council
should pay closer attention to the
implications of a buyback for the link
between pay and performance in
particular the company's compensation
committee should be required to
carefully review the degree to which the
buyback will be used as a chance for
executives to turn long-term performance
incentives into cash if executives will
use the buyback to cash out the
committee should be required to approve
that decision and disclose to investors
the reason why is it in the company's
long-term interest it's hard to see why
a company spybike announcement shouldn't
be accompanied by this kind of
disclosure I think that's super cool too
if you want to do a stock buyback maybe
you have to make it at a extra
disclosure to explain why exactly you
should be doing it yeah that's totally
fine I don't see a problem with that as
well executives who can't sell their
holdings in the short-term but instead
have to create real value over time have
far fewer incentives to manage to
quarterly Ordnung earnings and pursue
the kind of short-term thing and it
dominates our economy today the esteemed
experts are experts on our next panel
will I'm sure offer broader policy
proposals that can help us address these
problems but at the SEC it's time for
our rules to require our corporate
managers who say they want to manage for
the long term to put their money where
their mouth is the very least our rules
should stop giving executives incentives
to use buybacks to cash out so notice
that both of his prescriptions here he
didn't say we need to get rid of stock
buybacks or we need to ban stock
buybacks
he actually reaffirmed everything I said
yesterday that the whole point of
employee compensation in the form of
stock is to incentivize the CEO to be
aligned with the shareholder interest
and then here are a couple of policy
proposals that he gives to continue to
make sure that that alignment stays
strong and what was the second point you
made secondly corporate boards and their
counsel should pay closer attention oh
no no no no you mean you skipped over it
all and
I'll correct you sure and that is he
said that currently stocks are the
executive compensation the form of
equity is not doing that because they're
allowed to use stock buybacks to cash
out of the company and there are
incentives are misaligned from the
company and we should have these rule
changes and by the way he is a he is a
commissioner so he's making very
prescribed in humble recommendations and
the people that he was on the board with
for example like the idea of banning
stock buybacks I believe is a Chuck
Schumer policy unless you believe Chuck
Schumer is some far-left II radical the
idea of constraining this in is a pretty
mainstream and the we're not talking
about what do you weigh training and
what writing a stock buyback do you know
he's he's not talking about reining in
her stopping stuff she is no easy thing
talk he says he says the rules he offers
are for that express purpose he says
that the rules he's given is to make
sure that CEOs don't have a safe harbor
by which to sell so they have to keep
their stock a little bit longer and that
there should be like a special board
that explains to investors hey a board
that's ran by the shareholders hey this
is why we're doing the stock buyback
just so you guys know neither of these I
do with getting rid of stock is I I
don't know how you could read this and
miss this point is he saying that
executives use stock buybacks and the
short term pop it creates in the market
who unload their shares sure so they're
personally incentivized to increase the
number of stock buybacks that take place
probably to a higher than optimal level
for the company that's possible now this
is part of I haven't unfortunately
haven't done this research ever part of
what we gave multiple he gave multiple
citations well no but he gave citations
were were that executives increased the
sell of their shares after they
announced a stock buyback but we haven't
looked at the long-term health of
companies that have performed stock
buybacks because of the long-term health
of these companies remains positive and
it doesn't really show that stock
buybacks are harming companies that's
some research that I was still doing I
haven't gone to that part in argument
yet though and we started talking but
yeah it does seem that that CEOs do
unload some stock after a buyback now
that might always be expected behavior
that if the stock price is going to jump
you'd expect to see them sell I'm not
100 insure that's not something I'm
looking into but both of his
prescriptions here neither of them had
anything to do with limiting or stopping
buybacks all they had no anything
preventing the CEO from doing it and
controlling when they could do he'll
hold on Webber you no no neither of
times neither of those had anything new
getting restart my bags
the first thing okay yeah I didn't say
getting he did he obviously didn't say
get rid of it because he is an SEC
Commissioner serving during the Trump
administration offering moderate
proposes conspiracy theories you know
like he didn't propose it because he
somehow behold him to some other belief
all right I'm muting this [ __ ] he
could talk all he wants but it doesn't
matter he's he's a [ __ ] nobody do you
want me to bring in five people and they
could just talk like he has no critic if
you want to bring in people with like
actual like experience in this field
yeah I love economics PhD who can give
me his CV it comes in here I'd be happy
to listen to that guy but this this
little [ __ ] like come on dude you
don't need the 2v1 me like be a man face
me face to face
don't don't have some all right so like
I these aren't like ego trips for me I
just want to make sure I have a solid
understanding of like the underlying
like theory but I mean okay economics
PhD wants to come in that's fine I don't
think that anything we're studying right
now or anything that has to this is
anything to do with like I'm like I'm
pretty sure everything like in an
undergrad degree will cover these very
basic finance topic but you seem you
can't seem to process what I'm saying
which is that there's a misalignment
between the recommendation for a buyback
and the company's interest it's yeah
understand that that is the potential
but that's not because stock buybacks
are bad that's because some of the rules
that are governing them might need to be
changed slightly that's what the
prescriptions here are this guy doesn't
say anything about getting rid of stock
buybacks all he's saying is that we need
to make it so that CEOs can't sell maybe
immediately following the point that I'm
making first of all did IOC even
recommend banding it I don't even was
the original boy if she recommended
banning it that's fine yes she did
recommend banning it but but but but
this is not a good jump off that we're
still going through hands inside that's
fine that's fine
I I think that their evidence is strong
that it's a good policy
eliminating stock buybacks yeah that
there would be no adverse you haven't
established that keeping them serves any
economic interest really everything this
guy just said says that having stock
stock compensation for your CEOs is a
good fat the stock compensation
different than a buyback what do you
think of buyback is a buyback is when a
company that has capital buys back
shares of its own style and what stock
compensation is when you pay an employee
with stock or stock options okay they're
there they're not the same thing you can
pay someone in stock options without
having stock buybacks how does the
company acquire the stock to pay their
employees if they can't buy it back
they just make an issue shares would not
just dilute the stock yes but they're
just diluting the value of their shares
which is the whole Arizona float of a
fortune 500 company you understand how
many employees a fortune 500 company has
this is senior executives senior
executives uh they could this is not
going to result in a like actual
significant dilution are you kidding me
you all right it doesn't matter if it
results in a significant occlude
dilution you just say it would go you
said it would devalue do you not know
what the words that you say mean okay so
it might not be value it 2-0 or whatever
or some significant amount but if they
have to print new shares each time they
want to pay an employee more like paying
a play English in their shares then
they're gonna they're gonna eventually
reach a point where they're [ __ ] they
have too many shares for their market
cap alright is it your position that
giving executives compensation through a
dilution or by buying it on the open
market is going to significantly change
the stock price of a fortune 500 company
um maybe not significantly but I don't
think you would want your stock prices
to be changed necessarily at all I'm not
sure
except when you're buying back the stock
right that's different so buying back
your stock is is a form of returning
capital to investors compensation for
your employees is a cost of doing
business these are two fundamentally
different things they're not comparable
at all of course they're oh my god
citing employees is their cost of doing
business please let's get some let's get
somebody who actually isn't sure if you
have any grad students Plus
whatever they an econ that want to come
in and talk or then yeah they'd be fine
okay anyway so the points to the point
of this argument what if this was that
and I this is established in the article
that there's a misalignment between the
executives interest to unload shares
during the offer of a stock buyback and
the company itself so there's so they're
saying from the perspective of the
company my stock is undervalued but from
the perspective of the executive I'm
gonna cash in right now sure and he gave
some suggestions to maybe further
realign those interests and do and so
what your what he's saying is currently
those proposals do not take place so
that when a stock they buy back
currently occurs we can be suspicious
that the interest of the company and the
interest of the executives may not be
aligned and in fact that misalignment
may result in the executives ordering
excessive stock buybacks and it wouldn't
be economically rational from the point
of view of the company so this has yet
to be proven because ice told you that I
haven't done the research on this yet
that these are like actually negatively
impacting companies I still don't know
if that's true my understanding that is
it is not but I mean obviously I would
like to do some reading on those perks
to make sure but that doesn't change the
fact that none of the prescriptions of
this guy you're giving and this is the
link that you sent me so I know this is
as much in your favor as possible he is
saying nothing about eliminating stock
buybacks he says it stock compensation
for CEOs is a good thing and we just
need to make sure that a CEO is
fortunate enough that has no relation to
stock buybacks and I never argued that
pink officers in stock is necessarily
okay but this guy is not suggesting
getting rid of stock buybacks at all the
main conversation point that this guy is
talking about is the problem with CEOs
using stock buy the main conversation
point is agreeing with me 100% and
before we talked about this article you
disagreed with what is this wait what is
that
wait did what do you think I just
screwed before you I said that there
could be a misalignment between the
interest of the officer and feel free to
go back through over this ten times
until it makes sense to you there's a
misalignment between the officers
interests and the recommendation up to
the company to buy back stock so he
might recommend buying back stock even
though it's not in the company's intro
because it personally makes him money
and that's a maladjustment that's a
Malin cent --iv that may cause him to
recommend something that's not in the
rational interest of the company does
that make sense sure I don't think hey
that's aside not 100 sure if I disagree
with anything that still doesn't change
the fact that this guy says nothing
about getting rid of stock buybacks so
you agree with the point so you concede
the point that I made that you argued
with me for like an hour about you
concede the point but now you're moving
the glitch plank
well this guy doesn't recommend banning
SIA stock buybacks in this in this
discussion which supported your point
that stock buybacks as they're currently
down are maladjusted Mallett there's a
mal incentive there that exists and
empirically we can see that based upon
this guy's evidence and because he's
recommending possible regulatory
approaches to trying to line those
things back up it doesn't support my
point that you now concede wait hold on
I'm sorry so the point that okay the
point that we made and that you
disagreed with originally was that stock
the the interests of the executive in
may not align with the interests of the
company who he is making decisions for
as an agent okay actually is an agency
cost this is like okay okay wait so oh
so all I said so here are my two
original claims one is that there's
nothing wrong with the theory of stock
buybacks okay stock buybacks are fine
and to that CEO compensation should be
done with stocks those are the two
things I said right now if you want to
say is are there ways that people could
use stock buybacks in ways that are
potentially negative or harmful sure but
that might be demonstrated or not by the
way so you've just given up like the
main empirical disagreement that we had
well we haven't even moved to any
empirical data yet I'm just showing you
that the SEC I have what do you think
the at what example and when he looked
at every single stock buyback and the
behavior of executives on the
announcement so all we said okay like it
would serve this point no the empirical
data is that big spike that's that big
spike on that graph explaining
they announced stock buybacks and they
sell into the empirical data that he
announced that he showed was that
executives sell more stock after a
buyback has announced but what we're
really interested in is is this damaging
a company's long term goals that's the
real interest right that's what we want
to know and the apparent behavior is in
conflict with that well maybe I don't
know I have to look at the long-term
health of companies that have executed
buybacks that would be the interesting
thing to look at right all right and by
the way you know obviously got a little
bit heated when I have a yeah we also
wait wait real quick just to go for all
of us you gave me this SEC announcement
the last thing we don't have to go
through all of a ase statements I guess
one of the things that she said towards
the end was if we eliminated stock
buybacks we could reduce the cost
outlays of insurance companies by half
that's a hilariously [ __ ] stupid
statement stock buybacks are executed
with packwood capital that the company
has what happen stock buybacks are
considered like that's not like a cost
of doing business it's like returning
money to your shareholders like we have
but do you understand when you do that
that you are reducing the balance sheet
right at the company sure but you could
also pay it back via dividends and
there's no guarantee that this money but
like with it like well of course you
could do it I'm sure so the the idea
that you would reduced cost outlays by
getting rid of stock buybacks doesn't
make any sense whatsoever that point
doesn't make any sense that's fine
okay but it plays into the earlier point
where she said 465 bill was spent on Rd
516 bill we spent B thinks that those
two numbers are like all of that is just
money they have in their wasting half of
it so we just got rid of stock buybacks
we'd save the other half that none of
that makes sense totally doesn't make
sense at all so the point is more subtle
than that a we have established that
there's a mound and you agreed with me
so you can't go back on this point
because you've come towards me and that
is there may be a problem between the
interests of the executives and their
order and the decision of a company to
invest in stock buybacks and that may
result in them spending marginally more
or significantly more on stock buybacks
that it's actually in the long-term
interest of the company and since we
know that that is a possibility based on
this article we
we may we may realize that it wasn't
economically rational their level of R&D
because this Mao Mao in the investment
is now at the MAL interest the interest
and alignment exists so when you said it
was economically rational and the
perceived utility the procedure you may
be right the rationale position of the
CEO or the executive who's selling into
the stock buyback yeah he loves ordering
more stock buybacks because he's making
a ton of money but the interest of the
company he's supposed to be a fiduciary
for may not actually be served sure so
that's something that that's sometimes I
wanted to live in disagreement but
that's really you don't know those
numbers either don't know if you I don't
I don't know the answer to that this is
something that but you haven't proven
this either yet this is what I wanted to
look into the data to denied I wanted to
see if companies that engaged in a lot
of stock buyback activity actually
suffered long-term losses compared to
comparable companies that's something
I'm interested in I don't think you know
the answer to that either I think that's
I think there's so many confounding
issues going on but you can't know the
answer why would you make it why would
you make a knowledge same time so you
can't know by the way I didn't I didn't
say you could no I
oh well then I want to know that's what
I want to look into I'm sure there's
been a lot of research in this area
that's one of things I wanted to look up
okay we should we shall look aboard to
the research together I'm fine with that
I'm good um and and but the other thing
the other point of of like stock
buybacks can harm a company's long-term
health that like that's an obvious point
you agree with that right that a stock
buyback can harm a company's long-term
health yeah not necessarily only if the
interests of the CEO and the company are
so misaligned that it allows for that to
happen
which is possible but in theory know a
stock buyback shouldn't harm the
long-term health of a company I could it
claims it's you're moving ok so here's
here's how explain how expanding micro
so basically you have 400 million
dollars on your balance sheet you give
it you buy back your stock your stock
rises in price in the short term but in
the long term for various reason the
stock declines maybe its economic
outlook you know you were wrong when you
said the stock was miss price there was
some information that you didn't have
when he made the decision and so why it
appeared rational when you made the
decision you're perceived rationality
ended up not being the case in the real
world
and the stocks value declines so instead
of
so of having that 400 million on your
balance sheet that 400 million is gone
and so if you want to get that 400
million dollars back if say that there's
a recession and you need that money back
right your income or you comes that
comes down you then would have to go to
the capital markets and reissue stock to
try to get that money back so in other
words the money that you spent buying
that stock back in order to get the cash
back on your balance sheet you would
have to issue new share you have to do
it second issue is we could play this
hypothetical in a million different
angles though what if people aren't
resting in a cookie they've got 400
million oh no you're only hitting one
side of the argument the point is so
disingenuous stupid I said could a stock
buyback horrible company and I showed
you how and I can show you how a stock
buyback can not it could could how not
doing a stock buyback could harm a
company maybe a company is sitting with
400 million on its balance sheets maybe
a stock maybe a company with me maybe a
company sitting with 400 million on his
balance sheets it decides not to do a
stock buyback it just sits at all the
cash it could it's necessarily I could
hearted or it could help it like
literally every single economic
transaction in the history this
statement is vacuous it is you said that
from the research that you see it may or
may not harm it and I'm saying that it
could harm it it could or it could help
it could you acknowledge that it could
help it to of course then what then its
effect you a statement
everything could Harper helm well it's
not vacuous because it's an important
decision that's made by the board and if
they at the investment if the incentives
but here's the point let me let me make
it clear let me make it clear to you
which I don't think I don't understand
why you can't get this but the point is
based on the research we just did if the
executives interests are aligned
differently than the company and they
order a share buyback that's not in the
interest of the company and it's their
own personal pocketbooks interest that
could cause the company to receive
hardship yes future but do you see the
point
it could also as who don't do it stock
buyback if you don't do a stock buyback
you can also I'm acknowledging that it
could be bad but it could also be good
maybe if they do a stock buyback maybe
it'll help them in Guardi already so you
could have in every second of my
activity that could be bad for a company
do you realize how [ __ ] stupid this
sounds Mike you tell me
every still raising wages could harm a
company in the future should we never
raise wages I'm investing an R&D could
harm to come to even talked a be brought
to market should we bet every single R&D
project because I could are you realize
how [ __ ] stupid his argument is no
you're saying look no no no you just
talk for like 20 [ __ ] minutes saying
the dumbest [ __ ] in the world you're
saying I am understanding your your
argument is literally you're literally
saying an activity that you're doing
could harm a company in the future no
[ __ ] [ __ ] literally every single
argument that you ever could make good
could boils out of that there anything
Kohana coming in the future that's not
an argument do you not understand that
that's not an argument okay
all right let me go I'm gonna finish
researching the rest of this [ __ ]
there's nothing you can say to convince
me also wait real quick real quick my
one question please can you please do me
exactly what your PhD isn't and what
school you got it from I'm very very
interested and then you can finish your
point go okay your juris doctor once I'm
just real curious what is your major and
what school I really want to know you
said it was in securities arbitration
from what school I really want to know
I'm super curious okay can you tell me
yes I can but I don't okay like okay can
you damn damn it to D up to me on
discord okay right after this
conversation okay I'm not gonna talk to
you again until you DM you this because
I'm super interested here's what you're
not listening to okay this is that this
is the unfortunate side is what I'm
saying is this the invest the incentive
to buy back the stock is now aligned
right now it could be yes good harm okay
it is because we just talked that we
just you don't have the empirical data
to show that what was the thing we just
read what we read was that managers sell
stock after buybacks are announced right
what you need is to show me that
companies are harmed by buybacks that
hasn't been demonstrated in what we just
read
gh is one company so I established it
then nope okay I need you Olin really
curious before our next conversation I
need you to tell me what your level of
education is in what school you got it
from I don't believe that you have the
credentials service conversation I don't
have them either but like you said
statements that are so mind-numbingly
[ __ ] stupid I can't like what you
just said was my knowingly [ __ ]
stupid because you gave me one example
you think that that demonstrated some
broader economic point
can't believe you decide by the way did
you know that I can point to one company
I can point to one company that raised
the minimum wage and they went out of
business there for a minimum wage is bad
I just demonstrated my point didn't I
that's exactly what you just said you
asked me did a company buy back stock no
that's not what I asked her no that's
not what I asked I'll restate what I
asked what I said was we have to see if
companies that do stock buybacks have
long-term losses compared to companies
that don't this means we would need a
study on companies that engage in the
behavior and comedies that don't engage
in the behavior that are comparable we
would have control companies for one of
the other and then we would analyze do
these companies do better or worse than
companies that don't engage in buyback
behavior yeah that would be that would
be good yeah saying ge did it and they
lost doesn't prove anybody's point for
any oh no no you said I'll give an
example of what it was bad and I gave
you an example okay if I'm using and
actually and actually if we were to go
on to GE with it if we were to go into
GE do you think that's why GE failed
because they did stock buybacks I would
say that losing billions of dollars of
cash on the balance sheet may contribute
to the bad financial position of the
company okay I'm very curious on that
I'll add that to my stuff of stuff to
read I'm very curious if GE went
bankrupt because because they did stock
buybacks by the way this is why I didn't
want to go into a whole credential thing
with an undergrad eka econ guy and I
would happily give a respect to an econ
PhD because I don't have an economics
degree okay and but an undergrad coming
in here and telling me some basic [ __ ]
you could read on Wikipedia is a waste
of everyone's time I want somebody who
studies stock buybacks with their PhD
thesis I want somebody who is more
credential than the both of us to come
in here and talk about this topic sure
okay sure I'll try to dig into my I try
to dig into my audience here the most
credential person I can find out then
you could try to dig into yours because
I don't want you to accuse me of being
bias okay but I mean like it's it hurts
to say you don't care about credentials
and they don't matter but then you like
what a hand we don't they don't matter
they really don't but except if someone
has a specialty in this area okay that
is important okay that's what I'm
talking about so I need to find somebody
with a PhD not just an econ but they
have to have a PhD in like stock
buybacks right
I mean I would be interested in what it
what any econ PhD or any econ professor
has to say about this whether they
because you're not you're just don't
take seriously the point that there
could be mal addressed there could be a
bad incentive between the stock buybacks
they could be yeah that's possible it
could be but that's not why but AO c
spoink could be right that they're
spending too much on spot but she didn't
prove it though but she could be right
right like she could be right what she
said the way that you would say this is
she's not even wrong that's how I would
describe her statement she hasn't even
made an argument that there's enough
there for it to be wrong
that's how horribly stupid her
statements are and then her prescription
at the end of getting rid of stock
buybacks to reduced cost outlays of
insurance companies by half is
hilariously [ __ ] stupid I mean it's
not a cost of actually running the
company so it's not technically a cost
it's a decision to do an odor withdrawal
of equity from the company yes so that
is that is not a cost so you're right
about that she misspoke there but I
think this is a lot that's a I mean you
know people who are recorded 24/7 they
may speak it happens all the time and
the larger point isn't she literally
reading from a piece of paper for she's
not recorded 24/7 this was a statement
that she gave to like some like
congressional chamber or whatever it's
not like she was just talking off the
cuff to a reporter like I'm pretty sure
she repaired that preparedness and she
read this off of a piece of paper no no
I mean like again the larger point is is
being in opposition to stock buybacks or
believing that they should be banned
well as what's the policy of the United
States prior to the Reagan
administration is that an economically
illiterate position and I do not believe
that it is okay all right well okay
we'll look into well fundamentally don't
you think that there are credentialed
people in the field who believe that
stock buybacks can cause [ __ ]
investment and problems Mike people can
believe that that doesn't mean that they
are inherently
wrong it's how they justify that belief
you still with me
yeah okay okay cool and then we had a
smaller conversation off stream
yesterday we you said that Trump making
appointees to these committees can like
totally [ __ ] them all up or whatever do
you still think that's true that like
his appointments like can totally [ __ ]
over like these committees and [ __ ] oh
you talking about that it's important
who the Secretary of Education is me
it's a head of the EPA all those things
you know that we argue about the
Internet yeah yes they're absolutely
important okay just for like the
ultimate meme this Commissioner Robert J
Jackson to your sighted this guy's a
trump appointee by the way I just
thought I was I'm aware of that but he
what he caught but he comes from but
that's that's not a good like but do you
know that se commissioners have to be
appointed in a balanced fashion okay and
yeah I just I just we're just leave you
were that all right okay I love you Mike
we'll talk more later okay be careful I
love your body by the way um econ
undergrad guy keep studying buddy I love
you keep it up stop reading Heritage
Foundation it's rotting your brain I
spend some time reading somebody who
knows what they're talking about
alright thanks bud see you later okay
all right how you feeling buddy oh I'm
fine that was I thought previously like
when I first message I sent to you was I
don't know how a go-ahead debate I
thought it'd be easy but no it's
actually really hard especially people
in chat talking and all sorts of stuff
happening yeah I did get tripped out
once it I was the one that sent you an
email about criticizing people who bring
up the prospect of like infinite growth
under capitalist oh yeah I remember the
you know I remember yeah III ran it back
after cuz I ride it like off-the-cuff
and I read it back and I [ __ ] up a
little bit in it but it's anyway you got
the idea cuz he said thanks but anyway
um yeah wait what is he what is he what
is a Juris Doctorate what does that even
mean I don't know actually know what
that means I'm not sure but I've Oh so
this is an undergrad wait this is an
under
a Juris Doctor degree is the highest law
degree in the u.s. position a
replacement of the bachelors our weight
as a Bachelor of law is that like post
Bar Exam is that like some Law School is
that something you think like an
undergrad and then you go to law school
and get it or I'm stem okay so this
might be the equivalent so this would be
the equivalent a stirrer right a Juris
Doctor a JD yeah I I would have not clue
he had a JD a juris doctorate and
securities arbitration is what he said
the the Australian system is very
different to the American system so I'm
not really sure how correlate like how
they equal areas or whether equal okay
sure
all right you have any final parting
words before I go back to my reading or
whatever I did think it was funny that I
was brought in for weather the weather
rationality was as he defined it or is
easy to find it and then we're done all
right generally correct that like when
when when economists talk about like
rational agents they're assuming that
like you're making choices that are
optimizing for your benefit but you
might not have perfect information but
like a perfect like decision-maker right
there like a rational agent could still
make what we would say are irrational
decisions so for instance when somebody
buys a pair of Nikes instead of making a
better investment into like their
retirement accounts right yeah well it's
when we talk about economic decisions we
we don't only consider like the monetary
thing we we also consider like X social
utility and social utility like to say
that you should always like if then you
should always just live on like rice and
beans and like lentils and like spend
all your money into like you
I think it's 401 K over there it's
called our superannuation here and then
like never do anything else with your
money like obviously no like this value
in doing other things anyway also there
like economic theory doesn't rest on
this idea that markets are like
perfectly competitive with perfect
information right nobody honestly thinks
this right I've never read this before
any no no yeah no no one no one would
say that like all economic
activity is perfectly complete maximum
like if that was true then why did like
monopolies gaining like why do they
continue to exist it was true or why
does the arbitrage exist ever like it
wouldn't make sense thank you okay
goodbye okay all right all right damn I
read this last night after he sent it to
me and the prescriptions that this guy
makes sounds pretty good I'm still not
100% sure on if some of these things are
bad right I would have to dig into we
would have to dig into the like what
happens to companies after buybacks are
done it could be bad I'm not one others
ensure but um the solution isn't getting
rid of buybacks or not tying CEO pay to
stocks like these are both pretty good
things but it would make sure that like
the interests of like the CEO and the
and the board is still aligned via stock
compensation and his path for the two
suggestions that he gave was that was
basically changing the way that execs
are allowed to sell stock after buyback
is announced and that and that corporate
boards should pay closer attention to
when stock buybacks are announced as
well to make sure that like a CEO is a
[ __ ] investors over which i think is
fine i think these two prescriptions are
probably fine they seem okay I have a
quick question if you've gone over the
fact that qualified imminent attacks of
the long-term capital gains rate since
Bush person to Thessaly which
essentially avoids concerns that people
might have but unequal taxation a stock
buyback merely offers flexibility on the
time yeah I understand that I don't know
if a qualified is a qualified dividend
just a dividend paid on a security of
held for at least a years I would
qualify dividend me I don't know what
makes it even qualified okay Jesus these
share repurchase programs are usually
short term
Thanks and they bet
