welcome to episode 20 of gnomes tomes
and catacombs today we are hosted by
Koivu are faithful DM who's been hosting
us for the previous 19 episodes we are
joined by Lily picchu Devin - I'm mr.
moisture and then me of course destiny
how are you guys doing today I'm clear
that was the best intro we've ever had I
think we should just end the show now
thank you for Dad thanks guys just cuz
he said one lose again that's good
mm-hmm
how are you Steve um I was doing a lot
better okay what what does that mean for
marriages I'm anticipating doing dandy
so much those intros just driving me
crazy enough I'm just so excited to get
into it so I understand I completely
understand all right sounds good I guess
no one has anything to say no Lilly
Lilly Picchu oh well we couldn't hear
you could you speak up a little bit okay
thanks for talking okay thanks honey why
did you why did you call her honey mr.
Mertle what have you been up to sweet
that's just [ __ ] weird I'm cringing
yeah I didn't really do anything okay
and Devon hasn't done anything right
what what have you done I'm always doing
something dude I'm doing I'm doing
business business is booming okay off
the charts can't imagine it I can't
imagine it my headaches wouldn't even
began to know what I was talking about I
to have done business this week that's
right it's true what business you know
this secret business terribly secret
business mm-hmm its capital its capital
idea
mm 40 percent that's right
bye bye bye dude this is uh this is it
buyer's market it is all right last we
left off in a pretty precarious place
you guys were arguing with little Jimmy
he was a little pissed that you guys
pulled them all over here
for like a short taxi job some heated
words were exchanged and weapons were
drawn
I also rolled a hit I don't believe we
got that far
I believe we stopped right before any
action occurred oh I didn't technically
roll I just said I was about to hit him
and said what we're gonna end it there
yeah so you guys are on the ship
surrounded by the crew facing down
Little Jimmy why don't we bring
ourselves over to the battle map here we
are hmm I think Barbeau and Little Jimmy
are gonna be the first ones to act in
this round and then everybody else can
join to the second round wait are we
fighting guys yeah
aren't you can't cheat isn't this your
friend don't you want to talk to him and
be like I'm about to beat his ass into
submission okay and then we'll talk to
him all right so why don't you and blame
a brick we're surrounded by 20 pirates
yeah they're all ask them I mean what
did you expect there'd be no pirates
yeah that's like the Disneyland ride
there's just admit you just imagined the
pirates well in the Disney pirates
they're also not murderers and rapists
and thieves they're just like happy
people who sing and drabs you've been on
the Disneyland ride recently okay that's
all they do
they chased swimming around through the
burning billion [ __ ] on the circular
thing it's actually quite disturbing
we're gonna go to Disneyland Neil you
and me wait can I ask you a question
I can't reject it if you fall on someone
in this game is there falling damage on
the person
don't take it right you know you be
could rule it if you fall on a person
you both take the damage or maybe
depending on the way the fall is
happening maybe one person takes the
brunt of it or something it's sort of
flexible okay so here's my question okay
I'm fighting someone in a one-on-one can
i thunder step myself 50 feet on top of
them and they fall onto them and do
damage that's actually so [ __ ] cool
but yeah he technically could good name
well I have to go to an unoccupied space
so the space would be in air and I
imagine I would teleport there then I
would fall immediately the question
would be if they would take falling
damage might land on them I should have
asked only if you did the people's elbow
mm-hmm wouldn't you take the same amount
of damage though there is falling damage
that you would take yeah but it would
depend on how he would roll it I think
it's 1d6 per 10 feet yes I think in this
situation with just trying to thunder
step on top of someone I might need you
to make me some sort of like attack role
to make sure you can land on them or
maybe I'd give them a deck save to get
out of the way but if they're like prone
on the ground and you're falling on them
that's a totally different situation
right if they're standing and actively
moving about versus supine all right I'm
just curious are we gonna we can lawyer
this honey so Barbeau Jamie told you to
suck his dick that he did and you wanted
to attack him you do beat him in
initiative kuhmo will bring you in and
everyone else the next round so why
don't you go barb oh all right little
Jimmy called me a fake-ass pirate that's
a head about to put a real ass beating
on you and I'm gonna tag him twice with
my sword go for it twenty it's gonna hit
him 24 is gonna hit him you rip me
Little Jimmy to shreds his head rolls
off today right here's 5 HP you just did
Bach little Jimmy hey you did 13
good little Jimmy is dead
what with the rest of my action can I
say
I think in the the Pirates code now that
I've killed your pirate
I own this whole ship I don't know if
you guys want to abide by it but if not
I will take you the way that I took
Little Jimmy there it's up to you they
go roll for initiative but are they
loyal to him loyal to who - Jimmy I mean
Jimmy put this crew together you might
be dead right now but they're not happy
about it
oh my god they'll call me captain
wait do I get to go again if I'm at the
top of the initiative we're gonna roll
everyone's initiative and then sort it
and yes you will go still at the top so
kumo already rolled bar was already
rolled can we get there's a parole room
can we get it Gerald is that the proper
initiative role though that is a one D
20 plus 7 no that's only plus 2 yeah it
always messed us up so it seems like it
recess between sessions I don't know it
doesn't work yeah breaking on us
initiative modifier is all we already
have the plus 5 in here what where's
your character let's try this again
Gerald initiative role nope that still
didn't work sweet Mother of mercy
oh oh I think I know what's going on all
right I will fix it in between sessions
that's what you said last sessions is no
lust I said fix it at the time and I
thought I fixed it
ok the problem lies in a missing
variable in my custom code that was not
designed for 5e but we poured into 5e
ok I will okay I'll fix it right now all
right right now
we want mod equals initiative bonus not
dexterity mod I got you Gerald this is
not my fight honey I got you okay you
tried to do something when it comes your
turn I want to save your ass back here
what how would you like to be a giant
crab there you roll your initiative and
mouse over the the roll just to make
sure it's doing it but I got it to work
so roll my mission my mission of as
normal yeah just do it like you normally
would
it's currently see that look at that
plus 7.14 wow nice good job yeah that's
right okay let's sort in descending
order barb oh you are still the first to
act
everyone is stunned as you've cut
Jimmy's head off and run him through in
his heart all right I'm gonna walk back
here I'm gonna attack the one to my left
first okay roll the hit 22 will hit the
pirate and bring him down awesome then
I'm gonna attack the one behind me 21
will hit for 8 damage wounding but not
murdering him alright kuhmo this guy
that you're with just started killing
people on the boat if pearl can sense I
pick her up i consent all right I cast a
fly and I'm gonna drift off over here
with pearl alright you guys are off on
the side above everybody or to the side
of everybody everybody
I just magnify as maximum the first of
the officers shocked at little Jimmy's
demise bolts into action getting a flank
on Barbeau for advantage on
their multi attack they'll swing twice
with the sword a twenty does him a
fourteen yep oh wait no that doesn't
have no all right so you'll take for
slashing damage again he got something
to happen I'm not gonna have that one
nevermind to the scimitar and one with
his dagger
so we dagger zoos as well for 24 to hit
for four damn it it does hit alright
the next officer goes up and this one
comes right to Gerald not why he's gonna
grapple you Gerald why wait for for what
in character reason because when you are
with the the ally of the person who just
killed his captain you are the enemy
you you've chosen your allies poorly
he's going to grapple you make me an
opposed to acrobatics or athletics check
hang on
you think he's just gonna leave the
spell-casting gnome of the murderous
pirate just to hang and cast his spells
and throw fireballs around and levitate
magic missle and web yeah that's totally
fine all right maybe you're opposed he
picks you up and he throws you over the
side of the ship
you're in the water okay
can you swim with the amount of gear you
have on you yes I had to dump like 90%
of my stuff because this is a problem
last time I still see 22 pounds of gear
on you what did you don't oh they have
been kept 22 pounds of gear on you yeah
I shouldn't yeah you shouldn't 1 2 8 9
10 14 I count 15 pounds of gear mm-hmm
that should be right oh it's all your
coins it's all the cash that you have
it's the hundreds of gold coins that are
weighing you down general even though
they you're you're gonna sink because of
your large purse that's the problem all
right
that's what that pirate that officer
doesn't his turn the next one goes and
is going to he's in a tough spot here
he's gonna just scamp around the edge so
he can get next to bar bow and make an
attack with advantage because you are
flanked Oh hold on wait a second it
doesn't hit him I'm gonna have to appeal
to a previous campaign I did with you
koi boo it's called hero's graveyard
when we were fighting a lot of enemies
of the entrance of the place there were
bodies that were piling up that was
preventing them from attacking and I
think they were taking either attacks a
disadvantage or something why did you
drag that pirates body off the ship so
the other person could step on top of
his body and attack Garber we shouldn't
have to take that attack a disadvantage
or shouldn't he be there was a large
pile of bodies definitely but a single
body is not enough to give someone
disadvantage and moved it off the side
of the ship just for clarity
okay it's about my you more bodies I can
just put it keep it on there I want you
to feel bad when you take those attacks
at normal okay all right
sixteen still a missed though the next
pirate comes up he sees kuhmo and pearl
flying in the air this pirate has a
weapon and a dagger but all the missile
weapons are below decks
so this pirate heads down below deck I'm
just gonna take them off the screen for
a moment to go grab missile weapons
little Jimmy is dead initiative order
next pirate attacks Captain Barbeau with
a ten is amiss note can I sticks with
the Vantage twelve is a miss next one
that's the dead guy and it becomes
Gerald's turn Gerald you are sinking you
cannot swim because you have too much
weight because if I are you do I have to
cut my purses a free action and then
cast fire will you let me fly out with
the money do you can't fly you can't
cast fly while you're underwater I'm not
underwater I'm just like if it's the
start of my turn then I'm sinking but I
can cut my I can either cut my purse is
the free action I can fly but it's up to
you what you what you want me to do so
good questions fly requires verbal
somatic material components you have
your what's just focus that's like it no
it's like a little just like like totem
thing it's like a little thing yeah or
what is it specifically where's the
bracelet okay hmm
cool so fly you touch willing creature
tokens applying to but yeah I think
you're gonna have to drop your purse
before you can do anything okay all
right I'm gonna to water the water
should be pretty shallow right like we
were being picked up by Jimmy and I
don't think we even set sail so we
should honestly be like near the beach
or if not on them because we never set
sail to go anywhere yeah the pirate ship
doesn't like Park on the beach and then
roast you
okay so you wouldn't like rode over to
get us okay I'll just I'll lose all my
gold and then you must well you're well
I still think you're two pounds
overweight somehow you should eat
sixteen pounds and you're at 18 hi mom
so okay hang on this is kind of silly
because like it's it should be that I
start sinking when I'm encumbered and
I'm not I wasn't even covered when I had
money do you remember those custom 5g
House rolls at the very beginning of
everything we went over how there are
changes to swimming with with weight if
you have your weight your strength in
gear or less you can't read but if you
have more than twice your strength you
just sink and that's a something I've
pulled from like swimming up records of
people like trying to swim up the most
weight that they can which is
surprisingly difficult
so when you say 2x strength what does
that mean like 8 times 2 is 16 so if you
have 16 or more pounds you cannot swim
if I have 16 pounds or more I can't swim
uh-huh okay um yeah counting your
clothing weight in this already so you
should have probably something I'm just
gonna let go of my staff because that
will float on the water
perfect that's nice and easy and the
staff will float you're good go ahead
and cast your spell buddy thank you sir
just lost all my gold for it no big deal
but yeah I will I'll fly myself and how
how much can I move clip ooh at that at
that speed you have flying speed of 60
so you can move 60 feet sounds good to
me indeed okay guys flying fantastic
Jerald looks mad he looks like a wet cat
he's pretty frustrated yeah I can start
some muttering under his breath alright
a bunch of pirates start heading below
decks to to probably grab missile
weapons and this other one attacks with
advantage 22 to hit for four more points
there are about
which guys are tagging me this guy on
the right yay
thank you I'm gonna have that one wait
has the other officer attacked the other
off you've already used your half I
haven't actually used it I never used it
I said never mind you said I have it and
then I I did say never mind
so if do the two damage but it's for
damage in either situation so it doesn't
really matter that you're having so you
should have taken I should take an
eighty cracked yeah and then now we're
on the other four yeah okay ten totals
you should be a thirty eight damn it
there yet right yeah this guy goes hello
Dex
this one goes below decks this one heads
below deck as well and it becomes pearls
turn these are not children right no
only Jimmy was the child
I'm the child meadow second excited no
I'm going to use vicious mockery on the
pirate bar bus all right go for it
Wow mock him and how do you mock him
your captain is dead and you will be too
now you'll see what we're going to do
yeah you're through your friends we will
Slough ya to the the pirate stops his
heart ceases to be he gazes upon you
with horror at the words you've said
Jimmy
he was my my true son he says as he
collapses and dies
the next pirate also goes downstairs to
grab a missile weapon and Barbeau top of
the initiative order again surrounded
I'll look to the office there there's no
way we can talk this out shucks cut down
a little boy in cold blood
what sort of pirate does that a mad
pirate and all attack the officer in
front of me sixteen he takes a bunch of
damage okay um I'm gonna use my whatever
the rakish are fancy footwork to move
back to here and before I do that I
can't be flanked now right that's what
it looks like I mean if you want to go
all the way back to a player that okay I
don't know if I could be in the middle
fine yeah we will put you in the middle
so I'm in the middle and I'm gonna
attack this pirate right here and that's
just seven damage so this guy right here
the one on my right yeah takes bunch of
damage kuhmo you are flying you have a
pearl on your shoulder Barbeau the
pirate to the southeast of him I'll
shoot him 1511 damage that'll take him
down and then the pirate to the south of
him I will shoot as well 15 a hit eight
damage that will not kill him but it'll
do some good damage okay where is the
below deck can you like highlight this
for me yeah you can go below deck right
here like to the south of the arrows
pointing or that like great okay
yeah this goes this is door way down
okay then I will come and I will float
over here maybe about 30 feet above the
ship
okay no Nick what house reasonably how
high up could somebody hit you like if
I'm like 10 feet up em are they gonna
make an attack roll against me is that
reasonable that they could like like
this
no no they can hit something directly
above them okay so if you're the 5 foot
square above them if we want to think
about things as like blocks of cubes
then if you're if you're 5 feet above
their head they can't hit okay so if I'm
10 feet in the air I can reasonably
expected that nobody would make it
attack follow me right no melee attacks
yeah okay cool I'm 10 feet about that
perfect the officer comes up right
towards Barbeau and he's going to try
and grapple you and throw you overboard
as well a little [ __ ] so give me an
opposed athletics for acrobatics check
and beat seven what you do handy and I
get to throw him overboard if you take
that action on your turn then so so I
know he tries to grapple you and fails
is what happens here he tries to like
come and just bulrush you backwards off
the edge of the the ship and you managed
to hold your ground this other officer
is gonna do the same thing he comes
running up the deck lowers his head and
shoulder and plows right into you
he's commitment and he gets you you go
toppling off the ship and into the water
I'm excited what 26 is my lotto
yes 2006 how much gear you can carry
that only brings it down man that much
alright um do you wanna know
yeah maybe dropping will wait sir your
turn
awesome I'll figure out what I need to
do perfect alright next pirate is up and
this one's on the deck and he just
Cheers
and you know calls up to to purl and
kuhmo stand down your men are off the
ship we have no qualms with you and
that's a dead pirate this is a dead
pirate this one also turns and looks at
you guys and says you know encourage
reinforces that sentiment
we have no qualms with you get out of
here and Gerald it's your turn actually
I think I skipped your certain barbell
kuhmo how much do you want this ship hey
it looks like [ __ ] we should take it as
I'm drowning
so you don't want me to destroy the
whole ship no kill them though yeah yeah
get the get them okay Walt they're kind
of hard to do I could do what are the
other what it should be really easy to
do it feels a cube correct I'm not gonna
I wasn't thinking of toss it I mean if I
do this over to destroy a ship - oh no
just fireball like 25 or whatever it
should be pretty easy and I hit the show
also uninspired these days with a I was
thinking I was going to fly up onto the
ship and then drop down as a giant crab
but I think I'll destroy the entire ship
if I do that so I guess we'll go for a
boring play let's uh
let's detonate an airburst fireball
above the ship
how's that sound clever an airburst
fireball so you're just gonna hit the
the sailed and the mast you know the
stuff that makes it go never right don't
do this to Emily it's really easy all
right
understood then I'm going to cast
something more boring let's cast Shh
let's cast hypnotic pattern on wait how
many are there there's ones below deck
Clem ooh yes about six of them or so
have come to six below deck I'm ballpark
you know okay I am going to cast and
there's a certain area sorry this is
like specific there's a certain area
where they went at a deck and there's
only one area to enter and leave correct
as far as you know this is the this is
always right no III would know that I've
spent a lot of time on the ship right
like you said this year this is the the
doorway that leads to a stairway that
goes down this great right here can come
up and down and in theory you could use
that as a access below and there's a
small room at the top here but this
doesn't have any staircase down below
works for me I'm going to cast Eve ARDS
black tentacles on that area the
entrance of the the entrance between
that and that door so there anything
that gets affected by it I love it cast
it put it in the roll you got it hang on
let me figure out how that works because
it's an ebony tentacles fill a 20-foot
square in the ground that you can see
within range for the duration these
tentacles turn the ground in the area
into difficult terrain when a creature
enters the affected area for the first
time on a turn or starts its turn there
the creature must succeed on a dexterity
saving thrill or take
3d6 bludgeoning damage and be restrained
by the tentacles until the spell ends a
creature that starts its turn in the
area and is already restrained by the
tentacles takes 3d6 bludgeoning damage a
creature restrained by the tentacles can
use its action to make a strength or
Dextre spell DC spell safe DC on a
successor frees itself so tentacles
appear in a 20 foot square so 5 10
so something how green both of the
entrances is the objective right
something like that yeah there we go
so this may be this area right here so
you get a little coverage above just in
case mmm perfect that's it all right the
next pirate goes seeing that and hops
down and goes inside the force wait okay
hold on because I have to fight in my
mind I feel like Kumu is gonna [ __ ] with
me in the future and isn't consus isn't
fly concentrated isn't it a
concentration spell so if I throw a
dagger at kuhmo in the future I want him
to fall like or he should have to like
hovering save yeah so Devin casting a
spell is that fine tsavorite black
tentacles is a concentration spell Devin
so if you cast that you fall from the
sky
Fivey I don't know concentration rules
it's up to you if you want me I mean I
legitimately didn't know the rule if you
want me to go with it I'll drop sure you
know you can rephrase you can read you
thank you okay thanks a lot okay
yeah it's confusion is so confusing Oh
concentration is so confusing sir um I
want me I the problem is like I need a
little bit more time to figure out what
I'm gonna do then but like just give me
like two I guess I could grease the area
is just like a thing to do or or quad a
daggers like something like that so I
think
Gerald's up in the air be like I could
cast this or this or I should fireball
no that's gonna destroy the ship if ours
no I'll fall if I do that and I think
maybe you just kind of stand there float
there digging through your stuff and
pearls turn comes along okay that's fair
yeah thanks yeah thanks a lot your boat
goes I think let's get together yeah
pearl wait right well you know we don't
want to destroy the ship we have
established this right that's correct
okay all right vicious mockery it is on
whoo
this one right here big dude right in
front of me all right go for it and what
do you say to him today make sure you
tell Jimmy how you died cuz I'm gonna
rip out your insides who's Jeremy he
replies he takes damage though that's
failsafe all right barb oh you're in the
water I won't have you dropped okay so
everything I made is zero I drop so I
dropped my other sword my rapier named
Eric I dropped navigation tool Steve's
tools a dagger pretty much everything I
would have had in my backpack I think so
I drop sound like you dropped your
backpack I dropped my backpack yeah and
my pocket-pouch
okay so I like to think that I have my
Russ stager on the side and then my
other Daggett my like other cool dagger
on the side I probably should drop my
vial of poison I don't think I think
that's in the back all right so I'm just
gonna remove all this from your
character because you will never see it
again
leave the bard with Bobby though cuz
that is with Bobby oh right right good
call good call
navigators tools and themes tools
alright there you go you are barely able
to tread water man I think I was gonna
say I think I know what to do but I
guess my turn skip so it's all good yeah
yeah well um am i able to climb the boat
give me an athletics check the boat is
stationary it is not nervous you're not
gonna get sure yeah you can find them
this ship is not moving so you don't
have any issues that's my fail or
anything you might be banned right yes
you will spend the rest of your turn
scaling the ship and I can't attack nope
you can get back up though it's slippery
take a different spot that I want to
come up then sure sure
where do you want to come out yeah you
know what I like that's about nevermind
I'm sorry all right you come right back
to where you were working if you'll let
me I ready a ready a dodge I will not
let you know that's the bridge too far
kuhmo officer to the right I will take
one shot 15 a hit okay
15 will hit he'll take 13 damage I'll do
another shot ooh crit 13 damage another
13 he's getting low officers turn wait
and subtract that I did it okay I don't
know 26 damage okay it didn't look like
an update if I may okay okay this
officer is going to disengage
because Barba's next to him and go into
the 4-cyl as well followed by the next
officer disengages heads into the 4-cyl
and the last pirate up on the top who
disengage it doesn't need to disengage
but hides in the 4-cyl so the deck is
cleared of living pirates most of them
are below deck now Gerald I'm just
realizing how bad concentration is
because there's a little seed next to
all the little spells that require
concentration that's what that is
yeah that's every special all the good
stuff yeah what were they thinking when
they did this
it sways so bad to even out the power
curve so you can't do all the powerful
stuff all at the same time yar okay guys
what are we doing let's destroy this
[ __ ] oh we can take the ship pearl come
on in there let's get mom out might be
treasure in there
I I'm gonna hold I'm gonna hold my turn
I don't know what to do yeah pearl it's
your turn ready Otago kill them as they
come out of the hold
our boats return I'll use thermit ology
that's a can trip and I will um can I
just make the like I don't know Thunder
or whatever and just scream at them to
come out and take your desks like a man
Little Jimmy would have wanted yeah you
scream it three times as loud as
possible echoing around sort of rocking
the very fabric of the boat itself kuhmo
can I I'll just ready an attack for
anybody I can hold totally it's quiet
no one's shown up for at least a round
or two now the top of the deck of the
ship is littered with bodies but no
one's making a move it seems like
they're all below deck and hi if you
want if you want them to come out I can
handle it do it [ __ ] yeah um nope nope
hold on hold on women Okoye boot okay um
if you're gonna like rural lawyer that
my fly is running out then we need to be
very rigid with how much time is passing
okay cuz it lasts protects right okay so
then as the next turn order comes
I would like to cast minor illusion and
I would like to give the sound of a fire
beginning above deck
oh I can also help him out with that I
will do so I'll do like thermit ology
and make a really good guy only one
person needs to cast a minor illusion
ready your attacks going to come on
behold I was doing I was doing under to
make it like seem like the ship got hit
or whatever so you can hear like fire
it's like a raisin fire underwear if I
set it on fire that's what we do god I
just wanna use my cool abilities okay so
minor illusion to create the sound of
fire thaumaturgy are you gonna use the
matures you create thunder yeah I'll let
him do his thing
okay you know what pearl wants dude I'll
let her do it I'll keep my integrity
since she said she wanted to do it so I
have my ready sprays creating the minor
illusion that there is a fire raging
above deck you can start to hear the
sounds okay I won't make some checks for
the NPC's I would move over here to be
ready for them to come out can I ready a
spell - yeah go ahead I mean they're not
appearing above deck so you you have
time which way do they exit out again is
it like when they come out this way or
where they come out this way or this
mouth this direction okay I would like
stand to the side okay yep
what did you want to do journal there's
ready in a spell require concentration
also that's a good question I think it
does I think it takes concentration to
keep a spell ready why really feel here
to concentrate on I think the only three
things that should break concentration
or casting a spell that requires
concentration you have to make throws if
you take damage and then obviously get
knocked out I don't know readying a
spell I will double-check as well it's
page 193 that talks about it but rating
actions to be readied a spell must have
a casting time of one action and holding
on to the magics on to the spells magic
requires concentration explained in
chapter 10 oh Jesus yep I'm taking the
Big C today has a wizard though I do
nothing all right uh so around passes
and no one comes out of hold or if you
want I can try if you'd like be my robe
I land on the edge of the ship so I
don't require concentration I I'm gonna
catch this edge just where the seagulls
can dive bomb you and knock you off
I cast prestidigitation which is a and
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to create
the odor of like like gas and then like
the like the sensory effect of like like
green poisonous gas and like the like a
toxic like acrid odor that's attached to
it and it's gonna be underneath the in
the in the hold and this is with
prestidigitation sensory odor yeah okay
so you create this odd odor that smells
gross and you create some visuals with
it as well right yeah it's some like
kind of toxic like green
that kind of like yeah but I want to say
to the party said at this point they've
surrendered so we could probably use
them they're not gonna fight us anymore
if they come out we don't have to kill
everybody absolutely wrong I would never
trust my life to a disgusting pirate
true this lot I'll turn on you in a
heartbeat they would know coming up I'm
romantic for when they connect you're
ready with this attack and as this
conversation transpires between the rest
of them and the back of your mind
there's this little voice I know for
people's not enough to sail a ship Wow
we get word that we're near like a place
a little boat like this before people
can't sail this this is don't think so I
might be wrong I'll check my my table
here but I think you require 10 dude
where are we to be fair koi bhi I am the
best pirate in all of Arcadia's so I
would say that even I could probably
sail the biggest ship alone that is a
bunch of [ __ ] I'm trying to find a
nicer way to phrase it
yeah I mean in addition to just like
needing someone to steer at the wheel
the trimming of the sails is a
complicated than ever with a to mastered
ship here yeah take it takes a lot of
people to actually crew a large ship
like this maybe a tiny little fishing
boat you can do by yourself but what
kind of [ __ ] is this what kind of ship
them what this is a two-masted karabell
wait a caravel how do you spell care I
thought we had like a super small River
hey RA ve L actually no you're right I
think it's a cargo ship I pulled a
caravel on token but it is a river cargo
ship which if my book of ships and C
tells me a cargo ship has a minimum crew
of five to make the ship go at half
speed for skeleton crew and a crew of
ten to make it operate under normal
conditions
so if you kill everyone on here you're
dead in the water
well I think we can just leave the ship
for now right and then we can go get
some crew I don't think it'd be that
much money to hire a few people I don't
think I'm too worried about that
to be fair okay that's fine I just
wanted to play it that little ping in
the back of your head cool all right
so you're ready with an action there's
this green mist with the noxious smell
to it and the sound of fire everyone has
rated actions waiting for somebody to
come out you can hear the people in the
4-cyl which is the like little room
underneath this front section over here
you can hear their chatter because there
even if they're whispering they're just
one deck below you and oh there's some
portholes and
the door is not greatly sealed and they
can look out and they can see that
there's no fire and you can hear them
talking witchcraft magic remember
they're sorcerers in there don't fall
for their tricks but the people below
deck you can't hear and you have no idea
what's going on there they haven't acted
yet it's been three rounds we're at the
top of the initiative order with barb oh
oh wait again
all right kuhmo you're all still waiting
I'll land on the boat with a ready to
tack barb oh I think we're gonna have to
go in and take them out one by one I'm
ready to cut them down whenever you are
come Oh gerald oh wait I'm waiting okay
so it sounds like ever you guys are
ready for the individual slaughter if
you guys are gonna go in there I can
help I can give one of you I can make
one of you move faster than normal and
you'll be very powerful when this fight
give it to me come out with that okay
yeah go for it
I'll drop my fly concentration and cast
haste on Barbeau will also cast shield
of faith up to 20 I see can you guys all
come up to me and then let's start going
in together obviously me first you can
be a little bit behind but I don't want
you to be too far
oh hey Barba we'll give him a chance to
throw it out in there weapons maybe we
can get him to come out and kill him in
cold blood
I think I'll slaughter a few officers
before we let the regular sailors uh
have a chance all right sounds good when
one of those officers is getting weak
give me the final blow barb oh I'll let
you know
Lucas make sure you read hayes cuz it's
a disgustingly good swell yeah this year
is the floor plan without these top
things in so the 4-cyl is only this big
in the back you've got like a small
little room here in a separate room and
the stairs that go down to the actual
main hold itself which is a whole
separate floor with a staircase down
into the lower deck where they have all
the ballasts and stuff that you need so
let's do it
who's going in what door all in this
area the rest most of the rest of the
crew is back in this area I'm going to
wherever I think the officers are okay
all right so that's daddy also known as
in this room I'm just gonna transition
you over to here oops right there okay
so you can make your way to that door
standing before it let's turn our music
back on and the doors shut I'm gonna a
my is it locked can I try and open it
Madore starts to move and presses in but
then a weight pushes back as if it's
being held off from the other side my
body's um okay one second I saw
something but a door instantly caused an
unlocked door or window to fly open or
slams shut you altered their pin I'm
able to do that no not when someone's
holding it
that's aiming just like a regular gonna
um kuhmo will you assist me and kicking
down this door
yeah let's do it okay going to attempt
with assistance you make the athletics
check at advantage knock it down and
they get to make a an athletics check as
well they have the door on their side so
they get to make it at advantage well
and it's 20 to do so the first round of
trying to knock it down they they hold
it in place and taunt you from the other
side Jimmy was more of a man than you
ever were
he certainly bedded more women than
you've ever ok are we doing it again
yeah go for it again oh that time it
opens just enough for you to get a foot
in the door as it like cracks and they
start to lose ground panicked cry comes
from one of the younger sailors inside
and I think you can wedge the door open
enough to see what's happening on the in
yes this guy has to sort of like the
door is opening he needs to hear the
door opens you can see the two officers
and the two pirates inside I'll say
forma before I kill any of you do any of
you want to surrender before I slaughter
your whole crew the two pirates in the
back who like double check to make sure
the officer just can't see they like
lower their weapons and raise their
hands okay I will attack this officer on
the Left first alright step into the
room step into the room okay wait right
before I step in can I do a quick
interception check to see if I see
anything with like any traps or anything
I don't know can you tell me to step in
now a little scared all right so you
don't attack you instead make a
perception so I'm just doing a quick
check yeah yeah there's nothing with a
quick check totally nothing it's fine 22
all right no 13 all right I'm going in I
step in all right you step in all right
thank you and now I get three attacks
right because a pace that's what he does
that's what you do one
to the guy on the left does that hit
natural wines no attachment one never
heads really yep
natural one never hits again wow that
does well well and you will rip through
him and he dies yep right ended I'll say
pirates pick up RL safe I'll look at
them and ask them to pick back their
weapons and attack this officer if they
want to stick around the joker kuhmo
you're up next in the initiative order
i'll take two shots at the officer right
in front of me okay what 22 hit six
damage why perfect 11 810 damage 11 will
not get he steps inside the boat lands
and a cover behind him but he will take
the six that's a six damage the pirate
behind Tim sorta looks confused and
hesitates on the attack he's not quite
ready to commit backstabbing murder at
this point the front officer will fight
with Barbeau multi attacking with a
scimitar for the hits have that okay he
will scimitar you would get in for five
and finish will dagger you for seven
like [ __ ] he rolled so well okay thank
you
alright you're getting a little low
Gerald not I'm up deck I'm not doing
much okay okay
pearl did you want to do anything I'm
going to play my lute and sing a song
about death in despair
you're not gonna help us start what is
it how does the song go pearl it's about
different spare but really what's it
about
it's about how they're all gonna die
unless you surrender so it's about the
Pirates all die yeah yeah not us okay
okay why don't you give me an
intimidation check that will take place
over the next two rounds while you sing
all right 12 is nice folks nice the bar
bow goes round next next I'm gonna do
the officer [ __ ] again three attacks one
to 21 days 15 hit 17 hits that is 16 26
and 35 yep that almost brings him down
is that less than half HP when kuhmo
comes around again come on we'll take
one shot eight damage
yep nice seat still standing and I will
take one more show for 11 - 11
so close kuhmo give me the last hit on
this one then I dum-dum doing this my
turn I'll say you sure you don't need
these pirates ticket to prove their
loyalty now I want the last hit on this
guy all right the officer comes around
again multi tax with scimitar scimitar
Jagger open elbows the miss 21 is a hit
though 4/9 note by of 22 racing coz of
billa faith and his taste when she can
shield the face I said it at the very
beginning he actually did he even I
think even clicked it yep wonderful so
22 21
none of this hits you're fine you are
fine Gerald is chillin pirates chillin
pearl is singing about everyone dying
Barbeau Stern rules around he waits and
kuhmo comes back for the second shot 24
10 kills handled pirate in the back this
week I would like to kill him as well
from the bottom pirate drops his sword
and drops to his knees and weight from
kill it I'll kill the other one
yeah from the body of the officer a
Spectre will rise from his body
I don't know how you want to roll stats
on this but he's gonna be my little
slave dude
you can curse the soul the person you
slay temporarily by temporarily binding
it to your service when you slay a
humanoid you can cause its fearsome rise
from the course as a specter the
statistics from which are in the
monsters manual when the spectre de
peers against temporary HP but half your
warlock level roll initiative for the
specter which has its own turns and a
basic verbal commands and gains special
bonus to its attack role equals your
charisma mod the spectra remains in your
service until the end of your next long
rest at which point it vanishes to the
afterlife
once you find the spectre with this
feature you can't use the feature again
until a long rest all right I will give
you a Spectre can a Spectre like move
things too if you do things here is your
Spectre
get a better image
there we go
you you here is your Specter kuhmo and
let me make sure you control it
there you go can you move that Specter
around now yeah perfect
excellent we're there more pirates on
the ship somewhere oh yeah they are
through this door I kill this guys
I give me I did 2421 right above the
spectrum kuhmo he actually goes before
you come on Westland you win I can Houma
goes he goes he sees you guys are
executing them he dropped to his knees
put his sword down and crawls towards
you and kisses your boots Barbour I
execute him Jesus he's gonna give Cuomo
a nice look fantastic
all right next side of the boat there's
pirates down there yeah I'm gonna scream
to pearl pearl can you come down here in
heal me
and they just go away yeah good we're
sort of added in between initiative
rounds right now what are the stats on
my specular
I will put it so you can take a look at
it in the
in the journals so you should have a
spectra that you can now open and look
at thank you for crowd so it's for 11:00
thank you 33 um all right kuhmo you can
I go test that new thing out hmm
we should probably get them to surrender
though man the ship gerald sits on the
edge of the boat takes out his pipe and
looks across the look at the sea he's
still a portion of his mind is still
concentrated on Barbeau for haste hmm
all uh thaumaturgy and raise my voice
come out now if you want to live I'll
give you a chance to man our crew this
is your only is your last and final
offer
before I slay you thinking of Gerald at
the rhyming how could we ever trust a
man like you who turned his back on his
close friend shot old little Jimmy told
me to suck his dick and said I wasn't a
real pirate thought you'd have respect
that I showed showed him who was really
boss I could never work under a pirate
who can't take a suck my dick joke then
you'll die Dizzy's Pedro I'll yell to
the rest of him does he speak for the
rest of you give me an intimidation
check barb Oh we'll see how it goes
[Music]
that's quite close let me take a look at
their passive insight mmm
okay I'm gonna roll a bunch of checks
real quick here four five six
that's a tough one here
can I say it advantage it's like we just
slayed their [ __ ] everybody now we
have a spooky Specter we do have a
Specter you hear a a series of crossbow
twangs and thuds coming from that room
and the door opens and a body is dragged
out by a few other pirates good decision
Roscoe bolts be really machine five six
people lay down arms and step out good
decision
clean this ship up and I'll point to one
of them where's Bobby
his body is right next uh Bobby not
Jimmy oh that one he's down in the lower
hold we put him with the rest of the
ballast deadweight you know bring him to
me
they bring you Bobby he looks like he's
had a really tough time he looked him
dead or no no he's alive he's just you
know physically and verbally and
emotionally abused over the past few
weeks with these pirates did Jimmy or
the officers hit you Bobby
no I fell down the stairs a bunch over
and over again
Gerald yoson gets his staff from the
water by the way Bobby he me test than
you might expect
but you can do it you've got enough time
we won't have to role play you've
getting your staff out of the ocean but
it's like floating 30 feet away and
you're like [ __ ] how do I get 30 feet
away it's so far wait folks I send the
owl to go pick it up we have is we have
no like buoyancy in this world he's
dropping a knowledge he can get it we're
just not gonna role play it was what I
said oh no I I don't understand how you
drop an object that floats and somehow
it makes you float better wait what if
you have an object that's on the water
and you're sinking and you let go of
that object and it floats to the top and
then now you can float to the dancer but
we shouldn't have counted the staff
against your buoyancy maybe you were
holding it this whole time but that's
okay sometimes I love you
and sometimes wait what were you gonna
say Lily yeah he never not he'd ever not
had your wouldn't take staff yeah that's
what he said to the water I want what's
uh what's the pirate's name who spoke
first
can you name him the guy who's dead no
the the one who came out first and was
talking to me oh that pirate's name is
Joel Joel you're my new first mate
you and the rest of the Joel lights go
clean up the top and go clean up the
what's like the front of the [ __ ] called
the ship called the poop deck go clean
up this area and make haste little Bobby
come with me
Clavin sure Gerald lost his money right
oh it fell to the bottom of the sea yeah
that's unfortunate irony I mean if you
want I can cast ritual water breath you
go look for it if you like that's fine
yeah I mean I wouldn't be your wife but
knowing Kobe there's some kind of giant
cracking feet down we got a you know how
long the spell lasts and how easily you
can find money down there and if there's
it would be a mess general what I
stopped in the ocean I was expecting
subnautica once I go down there man I'm
gonna find the frickin Kraken or
something a Kraken in the world it's
just not our region of course there's
there's a small island off this coast
sort of to the south east and a Kraken
appeared some 1500 years ago around that
Island and it's been cut off from the
rest of the world ever since because no
more ship travel the odd wizard will fly
to that island but it's pretty much left
alone never too late to add more Co ever
you know if you're feeling it
add more Krakens yeah put one right here
I think so right below the ship it just
happens to be mmm Joel and your crew
well my crew and I laugh my new crew go
clean up the stern of the ship and
remove all the bodies me and and we set
sail tomorrow they throw the bodies
overboard clean up the ship mop up what
get their [ __ ] off of them yeah that
mean they take the weapons off and
anything of value in the building yeah
yeah and then Chuck the bodies overboard
at the pirate half day what did we get
from all the bodies and what's Little
Jimmy got in here I'm gonna search the
ship
well this ship does have a certain
amount of treasure
let's talk pirate ships and pirate
treasure on most pirate ships everybody
gets an equal cut the the
highest-ranking officer that captained
the ship and the lowest ranking soldier
everyone gets an equal cut and the ship
gets an equal cut as well for like
repairs and maintenance and things that
need to be done so that's how Jimmy has
been running this thing you don't have
to abide by these rules but that is the
default method of dealing with things
a treasure hoard in the ship but
technically you know a lot of that
belongs to the rest of the crew here how
much is in there quite boo how much is
in there new management comes through
you know 250 gold pieces
lot of money how many people um how many
how many new crew members do have you
there are six crew members barely enough
to get this ship to limp to shore or
limp anywhere it's like 40 gold a piece
including the ship oh well it's less
than that where are we are we outside of
so they came to pick us up at
Hillsborough right so we're just off the
coast of Hillsborough yep just off goes
right in the water
Roger boss the way we're gonna run this
ship is how Little Jimmy ran it accept
any adventures that me and the Barba's
and I'll point at the
people who are in the bar bows you that
is our own money but whatever the [ __ ]
you guys do on the ship that that's Jill
that's yours does that make sense that
fair so we're gonna go yeah go ahead why
would you have an adventures without us
cuz I got other [ __ ] to do can't be a
full-time pirate captain okay question
boss when I'm gone Joel well man the
ship okay sure sure question below what
are we gonna do when we're not pirating
because you're busy on land doing
landlubber stuff Joel's gonna lead you
yeah go ahead speak freely you get to go
and raid stuff when you're not around
exactly do we get to keep all the money
when you're not around you get a you get
an equal cut and you're gonna share it
with us too so you get cuts of the money
but we're not there but we don't get
cuts of the money when we're not there
yeah you'd a problem with that they're
pretty quiet cool sounds like we got a
good ship if you leave my wizard friend
here he can track you and we will hunt
you down and kill you so you are my new
crew forever if you leave I will kill
you I will hunt you down I have no
qualms doing it I killed a child cool
sounds like we gotta get one final
intimidation check out advantage right
there buddy well god damn my rolls are
today it's not great but do take
inspiration ephra is pleased that you've
inspired such fear in these people and
she gives you an inspiration also
there's a logo like pinging sarcastic
remark in the back of your head that's
like [ __ ] when was the last time you
did anything of note for inspiration
what cleric are you huh aside from this
is sitting right here which is very good
well done I will talk back to her and be
like ah the last time I tried to speak
with you you were mighty quiet
ephra do you have anything that you'd
like me to do I'm about to go to heat
stroke and slay all the demons remember
you showed me about that a while ago I'm
on the way to doing inspirational [ __ ]
do it fantastically or don't do it at
all okay all right cool
uh so that's that you guys now hum ship
it is I think you got pick die so we'll
say it's afternoon what do you want to
do tonight we're gonna I'm gonna show
these guys like a nice time I'm gonna go
buy a keg have him wheel it in I would
like to spend 15 gold on tonight's party
with these people I want to show them
that you know what you do with the 250
gold in the ship out of curiosity we're
leaving it okay so that's just belongs
to the ship and the people yeah that's
to them okay it's their ship cool so yes
they want to put that every month each
other this stuff correct
sawing all right cool uh you've sail
into Hillsboro report to do this stuff
uh yeah well I wait I want to make sure
there's nothing crazy at legal on this
ship before we like sail in and get
checked by the guards I don't know what
it was pirate ship it's oh well then it
we skiff into the place right
nice good good all right you skip in
grab a cake skiff back out it takes most
of the day to do that and you guys can
be on the ship that night and drink
yourself silly which is definitely gonna
need to be done these people lost a lot
of close friends today okay let's just
roll on to the next day then next day it
is I believe today is Wednesday the six
of March 15 11 uh what do you want to do
you've got a crew they can't travel as
quickly as if they had a larger crew but
they can still look at what about speed
you need ten people ten trained sailors
and at most your party has one trained
sailor so you can bring the sailors up
to 77010 to make it work okay we're
gonna have to beat the heat strut oh
good job well you could hire more crew
in hillsboro just picked up some people
to add to the crew it is a pirate ship
though you can't just like walk into a
civilized place and be like hey who
wants to join my pirate ship like don't
they have skills ear to the ground and
they have connections and and Barbeau
can find like the seedy individuals of
the town to recruit I could definitely
find a seedy place and I think that
would be good
kuma would you here's the ground and
help me find them it would be good
because they're gonna go plunder about
and that's passive income for us anyways
so we don't want them to get [ __ ] up
I'm not gonna lie I have a really hard
time believing these men are gonna stay
loyal to you it's gonna say set sail and
leave us ashore they will do you really
think so I can I do it like an insight
check on how my first mate Joel is
feeling I feel like he likes me a lot
since I gave him a new title sure give
him a check Joel is happy to be alive
happy to be working for you a little
terrified of you more than a little
terrified of you and you generally get
the feeling that the rest of your crew
doesn't trust you right now I'm gonna
ask Joel how I can win over their trust
trust is uh what did they say years to
build seconds to break yeah all right
well Joel I trust you and I think that
you're gonna be able to keep them in
line so whenever you drop us off at
heatstroke I'll expect to see you back
whenever you get a message in your in
your head
aye aye captain is that suit you kuhmo
I think we should think on it a little
bit more be ashamed to have this ship
just to run off from us because we leave
it in the hands of a bunch of cutthroat
pirates come you could hire a crew that
is more loyal to you and then you would
know that they and they don't have the
experience that the previous crew does
feel like we'd be better off hiring our
own crew okay yeah
you both have theives abilities to find
these sort of people within Hillsboro
you know the ones you have now what do
you think pearl Shelvin do you have a
better suggestion
I will obviously say not you Joel you
could release them - you could just
release them and then they totally seven
let them tell the tale of the bar Bose
released them in the middle of the ocean
okay I think that's a smart idea kuhmo
all right I'll round the crew up all
right you're all fired
except you Joel you're you're with us
you're gonna be my first mate I am what
fired yes oh I can't trust you you were
with Little Jimmy and I cap it hit your
old captain just doesn't seem like this
could work it's not you it's it's me
make them walk the prank no we'll give
you a skiff ride back
actually let's go below and let's
discuss this for a moment
all right hold on management's got a
tire above shoe leave everyone below
uncomfortable at the discussion being
had okay Barbara listen I'm not in the
business of managing people okay I can
barely look after you three maybe it'd
be better for us to go on shore go
ashore and try to find some leader that
can wrangle this crew together and turn
them into a formidable I guess pirate
crew maybe we could do that could he
what is Joel maybe it was he was just a
random he was just a random pirate I
don't know yeah I don't use only one to
speak role through half of this crew so
maybe what we should do
could leave a couple of us on board and
we could go ashore we could find a
captain maybe a few more crew member
bring them on board give them some sort
of cash incentive to say it's just day
or something and then we could get a
crew rolling that we could use to sail
around or run cargo or whatever for us
and the free in our free time how much
what I think is ship like this would
sell for a cargo ship Cory's gonna say
this is actually very expensive ship you
can call it for fifty gold five thousand
copper twelve thousand gold really
that's about right
yeah for sure ships are insanely
extremely expensive
we're so you want to sell this [ __ ] 1.2
million GP that seems maybe a little
high but this is the old second edition
stuff I'm pulling from all
brand-spankin'-new and this is not a
brand spankin new ship so if you wanted
to sell this thing you could probably
get a fraction of that the faster you
want to sell it the lower you're gonna
be able to sell it for you know that's
fine we're not selling we're never so
the problem is that we'd have to figure
out where to store that gold well the
problem is is that in quite Lou's world
gold is worthless because we're not
buying anything cool then anyway so
there's no real way what spells do we
need to buy you have almost like every
spell in the game we use the same spell
every bite like what we might just hit I
just hit fourth level my dear there's so
many cool things I could do wait what
does it spell right now that your gated
from getting because you don't have gold
to get it fabricate how much gold ice
storm depends on I mean if I have my
friend in Hillsborough probably like
five our gold per shot four hundred 100
per stone will Kobe says so if we walk
in there with 2,000 gold units buy for
like for Thor oh yeah I can yeah
basically yeah yeah it's just that
nobody ever pays attention to the gnome
I've been telling you guys this the
entire time oh it's not okay firstly you
just hit this level secondly I'm pretty
sure you literally have like 20 learn
spells right like you literally have
like 20 plus learn spells
so I don't like you have more than
anybody in the crew right now in terms
of versatility your character right I
can cast more spells than anybody yes
you just fly up to the airship and get
free spells where is it
it's somewhere in there okay let me know
if you find it I'll let you know all
right thanks
okay so we're not selling the ship
correct I think we should hold on to it
I think we can use a crew like this it's
easy transport around the world it is if
we need to do any sort of offshoring
combat with either another ship or
sailing to some sort of hostile Island
it would be great to have a crew to be
able to take us there we just need a
reliable way to keep in touch with them
and we need to find a way to make sure
they remain loyal I like the idea of
owning a ship let's go get a loyal crew
maybe I could maybe there's somebody I
know in Hillsborough from my old
paradise that can inspire a crew hmm I
think we have to ditch the entire
current crew though I don't trust any of
these guys and they have no reason to
trust us do you know what I'm gonna do
you might kill him walk the plank
what we could do is we could offer 20
gold to every man that wants to leave
tell them they can take the 20 gold and
leave and we won't say a word
we're only buying their silence and then
we kill anybody that leaves and anybody
that stays will consider the moral
enough to keep that sounds perfect I
like that okay I will go to the top of
the ship and state that if you'd like to
leave we're gonna pay you 20 gold for
your silence here's this is your chance
everybody but whatever I am Joel says
well all my friends are dead I'll go
find another ship you're a good Park
Acton barboo we'll see you later I'll
smile and I'll kind of go to like shake
their hands mm-hmm and I will slay them
all right they are shitty fighters we
don't have to roll through the combat
you're gonna kill the ball joel stands
open mouth a gasp in the horror of the
rest of his friends dying all right can
I just take raise my crossbow just shoot
on the forehead you kill Joel's as well
all right they're all dead all right we
need a new crew we do 50 gold
those is never gonna work
let's have a quick conversation about
your needs that it for a crew right what
do you need do you really need a pirate
crew or do you just need like we don't
know if waffle crew well one question I
was gonna ask is you mentioned that this
ship is a pirate ship now when you say
that are you saying that it's lacking
the proper branding or insignia or seals
to make it an official ship isn't sure
technically well yeah but I mean what
are the rules your world have her ship
doesn't need registration does it need
to go to the ship's registration [ __ ] is
out of date additionally there's
probably some hidey holes with loot
stored in it and maybe some ill-gotten
Goods here there this name the [ __ ]
might already be registered to stolen
somewhere although if it was it was
registered way back and the other side
of the world so out here it might be
fine you could probably pull him to port
and be okay but little Jim little Jimmy
didn't for some reason so there's
probably a way to make this ship legal
there's like a what do you call it Bob
oh should know about the apartment Gold
cost to make a ship like seaworthy like
ready yeah people would like to do that
well I just want to know what the cost
would be if you can get to someone to
like make some proper documents and
forge a few things and repaint some
signs here and there you could probably
get it all done for about fifty gold
yeah that's about right 5,000 bucks -
how much to make it also like that 100
goal then to just sort out all the
issues and give it a clean bill of
health
is a is also possible to make it like
completely legal but also like seedy
enough felt like we won't be [ __ ] with
by other pirates is that like something
that's so you want to be legal but you
know that was a dumb question we want to
[ __ ] with other parts a pirate ship oh
sure yes all right right yeah I like to
kill him pirates that's fine yeah yeah
okay so we want to be legal sure so
that's about a hundred gold and maybe a
couple of days that people will do in
some labor for you wait a thanks at
fifty gold I should be about ten
thousand dollars not five thousand
dollars
I was playing with numbers in my head I
tend to talk aloud it's a string you
gotta wait till I get to the end of the
string okay
yeah honey girl it's fine cool all right
do you have cash barb oh we have the
tuner 50 gold in the right you have 250
gold in that is there any other cargo in
the ship that's worth knowing about
let's see what were they doing right
before you got here I told them to go
off and like [ __ ] raid or whatever
they wanted and then well yeah we just
sent them to the island of magical
weapons and I think they said they'd
come back with dresses - of how horrid
of them any killed - dragons
yeah oh so great unfortunately they
buried all of the treasure and Joel was
the last person to know where it was
buried so you won't find any of that but
you can get the exotic silks that they
pirated off of the coast of white shore
we'll take those in don't ask if with us
to go sell cool so are you are you do
you want to split the party
I'll talk to Gerald and Terrell or do
you want to come with us we're gonna be
going finding some seedy underground and
finding a crew hold on captain what are
we gonna do with a ship in the meantime
I could stay in man it or we feel
comfortable Manning this ship alone you
think you can fend off any attackers
maybe leave Gerald guys ship is just
gonna be bobbing in the water for a
couple of days by itself
unmanned that is maybe leave Gerald
let's steal it Gerald and I can stay you
and pearl can go you seem like a crew
hmm that's fine with me it shouldn't be
that hard for them to come out each
night right well first off let's get the
ship legal then we can bring it into
port does that make sense you can go get
it legalized then we can bring in a
deport in the show would I be able to
expect somebody that can do this in
Hillsborough probably what's your your
ear to the ground thing again oh I get
an informant
yeah totally
you can you can find the right people
you know the right words and the right
things to say and do you can find
someone
sketchy enough and you it'll probably
take a week and 100 gold pieces just to
do what are you gonna name it uh the
barb oh come on Barbara we need a better
name than that
how about a lock-and-key Oh
what was your suggestion pearl what the
name of your dead friend Midori it's not
the Midori no it's the lock the Loch
Ness monster Christ
Gerald how about you okay I'm not
feeling too inspired right now let's see
come on pearl you're a writer of fiction
of course you've got a bunch of names
bouncing around in that little head of
yours
give me a moment pearl and the barkos
not the black pearl
that's a good one actually one yeah
that's the that's the Johnny Depp on em
the hill how about the dark pearl wait
copyright safe name
the dark pearl sure they love you so you
can go do all of this stuff who's gonna
stay on the ship to keep an eye on it to
make sure nobody else comes by and
steals it me and Gerald Barbeau and I
okay maybe I should little and Kubo go
on shore yeah okay you to feel
comfortable holding the ship on your own
yes just come back later tonight we're
only getting the ship legalized first
and then we're as soon as it's ready
we're coming in and then we'll align the
crew how powerful of the spell is that
tweet spell that you can cast Gerald can
you only cast out two other wizards um I
can tweet anybody everybody kind of
automatically logs on the Twitter and
Arcadia do you is it a powerful spell it
is takes it takes a lot of energy for me
to do yes what does that is it's like a
level three third level it's the third
circle do you have um do you have any of
these low
yeah I have all of them we spent the
night here oh um what do you want just
send me a message if anything goes wrong
I shall okay then I guess you can count
on me pal yeah let's yeah let's do them
all right let's keep speaking I suppose
that's wait why are we skipping a week
because it takes a week to get all the
the shady stuff done okay there's a how
do we do we say that a week
automatically means you've done a long
rest or could I freaking week and not
have a long rest by opt to certainly if
you are cuz you don't want to give up
your Specter right uh y-yeah if I have
the opportunity I'm not sure yeah you
don't have to spend that time resting
you can busy yourself with things and
not rest I added all the gold to my
sheet if you guys need any if you want
to split it we can it was a hundred
night and I have like I literally have
zero now could I just seem like I don't
know whatever yeah yeah I think just in
case we'd go like to an inn or something
yeah what do you want you can have 25 Oh
excellent
so let's talk ships for a moment here
you're gonna want a crew you will need a
minimum of 10 people to properly sail
the ship and if any of them die then
you'll be in sort of like problem range
once again so you should hire at least
10 folk what do we like the prices for
hanging occur like this I will get it to
you in a moment the other thing to
figure out is what are you gonna tell
them are you gonna tell them the truth
or are you going to create a ruse I'm an
old pirate and I'm back to pirating I
used to command X ship and so you are
gonna tell them that this is a pirate
ship I think some time for finding
people using my ear to the ground I'm
probably gonna be finding shady issue
people anyway it's not like we're
looking for reputable sailors so we're
mainly looking for people with good
reputations that are looking to get back
into the life of pirating I guess ok in
that case they're gonna want the
standard deal everyone gets an even cut
all the time yeah that's some time ok
are they cool with it even cut up the
stuff that we do in the sea and then go
do their own [ __ ] when we're not there
we won't get a cut of a pirate crew
right they were there seeking adventure
so they want in on anything and
everything that brings in money yep ok
if they want to come into history with
us yeah sure but again like if you bring
ten pirates into heatstroke and five of
them die yeah no no we're fine we just
need your pirate card that's fine we're
not breads I made a [ __ ] huge drug
yeah those guys have ten agency that's
we just had a pie you're gonna want a
cut of any gold that you get from
heatstroke
we'll figure it out okay we understand
all right okay cool cool excellent then
in that week why don't you give me a
charisma check there kuhmo I am very
charismatic yeah that's more than enough
you can easily find 1000 Throop ulis
folks I want 20 you can find 20
unscrupulous folks to man your ship
there is room for them
everything we should make half fight the
other half winner is good too alright so
everything gets split twenty-five ways
now is the expectation wait like five or
24 what about little Bobby wait did
Devin die he left him discs were fallen
away
I think he's worked Brad about breaking
point anyway do we want to take a break
while he comes back yeah we could take a
little bit perfect he's back he's moving
I see his jaw moving nope did you get a
break soon nope oh okay I'll go back
here I guess her be back in five minutes
welcome back to no homes and kata combs
have decided to change the ship name
from the dark pearl to Queen stars
revenge what an excellent name mr. moon
we can have a discussion about that one
I character don't worry we can talk
about that m'kay okay what are we doing
right now what's going on I think you're
talking about the ship name in character
right now change the name of the ship
what do you want to change the name of
the ship to Barbeau well I had a friend
his name was Blackbeard and you know he
was the greatest pirate in all of the
lands back in the day way long ago and
you know Queen Kiara right
I'd only do the lady that we're on
business for and you know we're trying
to act like we're a stand-up crew so
maybe we named it Queen Kiara's revenge
or just the Queen Kiara I liked the idea
what if instead we just get a giant
banner that says all enemies of Queen
Kiara please sink this ship
maybe we should be a little bit more
forward about it you remember the last
time you got into a conversation with
somebody and you open your mouth and you
said a little bit too much what happened
we got on we had set on that journey
class annoys you put your life in the
hands of subtle stranger maybe we should
work on revealing a little bit
information Oh what's your idea oh we
each get a piece a small piece of paper
and we write down what we voted on and
then we mix it up and see which one wins
let me draw from a hat how about we just
keep it as the dark pearl I don't think
anybody should be sailing around with a
giant target on our backs I think the
dark pearl sounds fine dear diary today
I got a ship named after me I am so cool
aren't she glad that you joined this
cold crew who's Bobby feelin Bobby
wanted an adventure and it wasn't like
he thought it was gonna be wait is Bobby
still alive on this ship yeah he's
chillin can I talk with Bobby yeah Bobby
talk to me yeah how you feeling the
world sucks well I gotta make the best
of it tell me I'm not sound like you'd
be friends with come over here kuhmo
maybe you could teach him your dark arts
you know dark arts ah something like
that Bobby you want to see an
interesting trick conjure with your
hands in front of my hands a sleek
crossbow appears pitch-black I will give
you a stern look though in my eye give
you a real bad look how do you do that
well Bobby hold out both of your hands
he does open your fingers just like so
he does raise them over your face almost
like you're making a target right in
front of your head I stand closer to
Bobby to like get ready to like pull him
out away if Kumud us I'm crazy I want
you to close your eyes Bobby and I want
you to just imagine the crossbow as
being one with your body all right
crossbow is one with my body can we do
it was alright I want to take a shot can
we do it a check you guys I might pull
him out of the way yeah so we'll do
opposed initiative rolls
to see who can do it first wait how what
is initiative calculated by I roll board
DX plus plus any modifiers wait where's
my character token how do I real
initiative what I bring you the
character token kuhmo here you go
wait he ready husband oh there this well
I don't know where he was looking on the
screen so everybody had chat can we have
some FS for a little Bobby yesterday not
him make the attack role an advantage
because little Bobby doesn't see it
coming wait nice cut
you want to use cutting words oh I've
done anything would it sound on the
bulbs damage leaving the crossbow hold
on kenchi cutting words it down I think
she might be able to she called it in
time reduce an enemy's attack world
damage role or ability check okay go for
it role us your what is it a 1d gate
yeah reduce this by I a 1d 8 die I roll
with it 3 so what do you say what are
you like no it's a 3 less damage what do
you say to kuhmo what are your cutting
words that distract confuse or otherwise
sat the confidence and we're killing
another child i read most of you fine
unfortunately little Bobby only had 2
hit points so even reducing it by 3
little Bobby still takes the bolt in the
face and can we resuscitate him Rosie's
dead no he's dead we're below deck right
I doesn't matter
wait kill Akuma kuhmo did you say that
you were gonna kill him you didn't say
what you were laying
seems like he concentrated in the
crossbo appeared inside his mind just as
he wants I'm so sorry
alrighty everybody here beware this
would have been below deck is this where
I keep Bobby you keep Bobby below decks
alright let me bring up the below deck
image will turn on the battle music do
this dance with each other I want to
play a very very sad song
please place a sad song for real
I pull up my bagpipes and I go step
aside pearl I'm gonna compliment this
song white pipe in hand but pipes in my
mouth playing the bagpipes with half my
lips half my lips on the pipe half my
lips with a bagpipe so here's our
situation and there is a dead body over
here
sounds like we need to roll some
initiative uh I believe so yeah let's
wait do I get a surprise round no cuz I
would be ready for you to be mad as [ __ ]
getting this dead weight off of my ship
or our ship oh I gotta click me alright
roll initiative and let's do it again
alright Kumail you know I gotta beat
your ass for that one wait wait wait
don't cuss anything yet
yes is there any reason Barbeau should
not go first no no he should I'm just
I need a look at something real quick so
that I don't cheat don't do it don't do
it hold on hold on okay easy I'm good
all right barb oh you're the first one
to go we're below when we were below
we're one one level below correct yes
how tell me the dimensions of this room
do you have a specter yes I do it's just
floating around outside he's chillin
the ceiling is maybe seven and a half
feet up so I thought I was reached
that's fine
all right barb oh I would have to I
don't care if after we roll another
character I would have to all right
i attack kuhmo okay and I'll also roll
the Spectras initiative please I think I
need that oh can I do that okay what I
could use inspiration it's up to you you
have to collective a nice no way you can
try and pressure your second attack you
got a magical sword you stole first
attack missus I'm just gonna attack
again 24:20 damage no meaning is there
anything you can do to mitigate this
damage you know actually a magical
shield appears around my body and the
attack seems to miss as it absorbs the
blow yes I will be casting shield
the casting time is one reaction which
you take when you are hit by an attack
or targeted by the magic missiles fell
bringing your AC up to 21 temporarily
just enough to defect deflect the blow
kuhmo you go okay is disengage in action
or bonus action action disengage is an
action I will hold on wait shield until
the start of your next turn so my AC
should be back to normal now correct yep
and I think the spectre is still on the
ship with you I don't know why you moved
oh yes other side whoops I was just
dragging or sighs trying to find out for
they mission to roll okay I will
I will cast fly on myself okay I begin
to fly or a hover I guess in the air and
then I'm going to attempt to fly out and
20 feet above because I think it's 40
feet to the stairs and I can fly 20 feet
above so you want to just like fly to
the stairs of fly away yeah flooded
stairs on float above the entrance for
the break you provoke an attack about 40
from Fargo Fargo it's 414 damage okay
can you tell why it does 14 I've never
actually understood the sneak attack
sneak attack
what does this sneak attack qualifier
just a lot of herbal [ __ ] they dad's oh
yeah it's advantage on the attack or I
think we were you just can't yeah once
we return you can deal an extra 1 d6 no
other creatures does that mean like
enemy creatures technically member none
we're right I mean people are creatures
too man well they're not near me right
like oh right yeah yeah so it yeah so
this means that he can seal an extra 1
d6 once per turn to me he also
concentration now at his level it gets
higher that's 3 d6 now and you did get
hit for 14 damage so you do need to make
me a constant concentration saving fro
okay which is gonna be a constitution
spamming throw and a 9 is a failure you
actually come to a stop right here as
you're walking away from him and your
fly spell is canceled okay I should
still be able to move though right even
if flies cancel
you have your movement still okay oh I
guess I will step back to here great
tonight that yes you need a roller you
need to roll in [ __ ] yeah I roll
initiative - yes yes everybody out of
the party everybody and him you don't
kill kids only I do okay perfect so per
left at the end of this round Gerald
rats near the start of the next round
and he you already made an action to
move so your specter goes yep and then I
will move forward and Life Drain on
kuhmo but it seems to miss I believe so
it has a bonus equal to your charisma
modifier on its attackers right that is
true I think my cousin right see the
plus 3 or plus before what do I see this
at under the accused specter a curse
specter trait of yours last sentence of
the first pair you know but what do I
say my modifier oh I will we'll just
have to add it manually yeah oh you're
crazy mamata fire okay so would be 1313
is a Miss on barb oh okay it's my I'm
going to use catnap on both of them okay
all right well let's see it's willing
creatures only though I think really let
me see
three willing creatures of your choice
oh I'm not willing you can use hypnotic
pattern though it's a great spell oh I
know it all compost the same thing do
you happening both hypnotic pattern and
oral vitality lovely you create a
twisting pattern of colors that weaves
through the air inside a 30-foot cube
within range the pattern appears for a
moment and vanishes each creature in the
area who sees the pattern must make the
wisdom saving throw on a failed save
which it becomes charmed for the
duration while charmed by the spell a
creature is incapacitated it has a speed
of zero so are they within 30 feet of
each other
um it doesn't if he puts it in the
middle yeah that you have to be 30 feet
from each other and you guys are 40 feet
apart I think that's close enough
all right well no I'm not sure if it's
close I think it is that's pretty close
oh but we do widget phase right but wait
he's gonna deal with now he's doing that
cuz he wants to [ __ ] me on the wizened
say no well I think it's actually I
think I moved a little bit too far cuz
look cuz I was look I moved like 33 feet
32 feet I don't know because you have
the grid system on I should actually be
a little bit closer like one or two feet
closer like there I disagree am i close
enough now metagaming Steve feels weird
man alright let's let's put the grids
back on normal grids instead of half
grid there you go but you just move so
yeah cuz you were on a half grid before
and I will change it slightly so you
would end 5 10 15 20 you can easily go
25 feet to here how cool is all getting
it then oh oh the grade was super [ __ ]
up before yeah you're definitely within
range
for sure for sure zzzz everyone's within
range okay perfect so both of you please
make me wisdom saving froze everybody
should have to make one right yes
including Gerald and the spectre wait I
can't be wrong but I think hypnotic
Penner doesn't that allow you to declare
targets or no each creature in the area
is inside a 30-foot cube
yep okay Jim Gerald knows the spell can
Gerald that like a do an arcane check to
see if you pet like he passes out of it
or is he just rolled straight up no
everyone rules yeah counter stuff you
could counter spell it though no I'm
good
I agree all right what do we need to
roll better than a six what do we have
to roll against her decency um yeah
after all 13 or better okay okay okay my
Specter class hands there and just and
just like shakes his head he just
understands the magic completely and
walks by it looks bauxite broken
barbell and kuhmo pass out everyone else
is fine thank you
wait what did we need to roll jail
doesn't even shake off the effect and
walk something what is hypnotic pattern
due to does it charm you or does it just
put you to sleep you're done
incapacitates you yes zero it's only for
10 rounds we can fight again so you're
at the end of nope nope there's no other
it's for a minute race pearl what are we
gonna do yeah yeah I agree
okay we talked about one times that the
other that took seven seconds to say you
have basically a minute's time up give
me again I'm gonna ask for a sleight of
hands check from both of you sleight of
hand well yeah well you can like tie
these guys like you can tie them up I'm
just telling me right what I am gonna do
though in a time that I have is I'm
gonna pull their weapons to the side
like on I'll take their weapons out and
like put them like on the other side of
the room what do you take her so you
grab the swords and crossbows and [ __ ]
and just throw them across the room and
then grab yeah that's down here and mass
cuz it is a [ __ ] and quickly you're
wrapping them with the rope but the
spill but I kinda run at that time yeah
and they start to like snap out of it
part way through and my or you guys are
back I pull out my daggers I got those
arms or if you said swords
wait no I didn't buy I'd find me okay so
you're tied and the knots are not very
good the knots are quality five you
could probably is can we go in order
yeah really back into an initiative
order where the hell did kuhmo go he
disappeared from my mouth he got thrown
overboard that's where his character is
he should have to try to swim while
bound alright so here we go we're gonna
keep this that's me I keep forgetting
why do I keep calling barb okay well
[ __ ] we're gonna start with I guess the
spec I have an action
[Music]
i SPECT irani response to verbal
commands so he's just chillin he can't
do anything
do I have any time to talk to pearl you
had like a minute and you guys had one
minute while you were done all right
it's my turn so we're back at the top of
the initiative order go for it barb oh
so I should be able to wriggle out of
these really easily I'm gonna need you
to meet in the barracks
buttocks or acrobatics check yeah and
you have to be two five and that's a
full action too I think
right so it's going to take an action to
wriggle out of these things as Gerald's
trying to tie it tighter and tighter you
snap out of it and just like Terry's out
of the room yeah wait hold on I would
like to pull out my I do I have my
daggers because he would have only taken
I think my sword and my shield if I
don't even know he said he grabbed
weapons so I had anything that was does
he know new that's gonna work so he
knows where both daggers already had
time to pull those under the sheets he's
a very small so he went and took those
daggers he placed him over there as he's
tying me up and he had the sword so he
grabbed the sword two daggers did he
grab the shield Oh check this out right
I can grab the three things off my desk
and throw them really quickly one two
three it's not good what you got did you
grab my shield too no he grabbed your
weapons this weapons and I chained Jim
pearl are you guys gonna calm down no
I'm killing not fight each other what
are you asking pearl thank you guys I'm
just trying to get rid of the day care
from the ship so that we can continue on
with our mission I don't know why we're
wasting time babysitting children
well you just kill the little kid and
cold blood
yeah I just lesson to the load that we
had on our pirate sure I don't know why
we're running a Barbeau daycare service
over here to be fair the child hasn't
impeded any of her anything so he wasn't
really there wasn't an issue so your
point is mute you were wasting time
talking to him when we should be getting
the papers and registration necessary to
get this ship seaworthy jailed I'm going
to kill him all right Gerald if their
actions on your turn I think
we're out of our six seconds of combat
for that round yeah I'm taking just
talking as a full action I was anything
else all right
yeah like barb oh I haven't known kuhmo
for as long as I've known you and I
don't understand why Cuomo killed Oh
child than full-blood so I don't know
how I can let this pass if we if we have
to fight Cuomo and there's no other way
my bag Gerald what's on the other side
of the room I tried I pushed everybody's
weapons away I don't want anybody to
fight can you grab it with your movement
and bring it to me I can't do anything
else
Kubo buddy you know reconsider you got
to get yourself out of this you're tied
up you only have to be a eight on it an
athletics or acrobatics check to get
yourself out though what if I can I can
if i use that athletic stick to break my
robe is that an action that will be your
action for the round if I had a knife
would I have to spend an action to cut
the rope yes we would I have to beat an
eight on an acrobatics check you said
for athletics
okay um I'll just go ahead and kind of
try to wriggle free then go for it
easy-peasy that's your action you break
free of pearls restraints parole must
have been next to you to tie you up
though so she's over here okay and then
once I do the Hat purl let me off this
horrible ship I want to walk to the
above deck I guess and just kind of like
take a breath of the air and stand above
okay did the spectre do anything respect
there the specter moves forward and
takes my pearl are you trying to kill
captain Marvel's you can tell because he
just had his thing attack me now kill
him off the ship to Pearl
I just want him to leave me alone pearl
as he I just wanted to leave me alone
kills the kid attacks them it just leave
me alone
well sits in depression Barbeau it's
your turn oh go for a pearl I'm gonna
use sky right up here all of a sudden
magically in the sky by clouds please
stop fighting I love you both from pearl
and a heart that's too perfect
unfortunately everyone except for kuhmo
is inside the ship and can't see the sky
but kuhmo can see it can you tell me
where you put my weapons right well yeah
they're right over there on the floor
can you circle it so I know how much
movement and everything I mean it's up
to quite do I just threw away real quick
so Romey Rome ugh Gerald Romeo d8 Bravo
I hope you understand I'm just trying to
stop be funny
the weapons are right here kuhmo I we
gotta kill we gotta kill him his
spectres still attacking me I don't know
what the I don't know what the set oh
yeah I'm gonna move right here alright I
didn't I should be able to grab my
weapons yo that's it is that it happens
yeah you can grab one for free the other
will take a bone section is he provoking
an attack of opportunity no grabbing my
sword yeah you attacks with that sure
packing the specter alright you might
want to move to the side cuz right now
there's a giant post in between you and
the specter which is gonna give you a
disadvantage on your tax cheats it
perfect so I couldn't see the post and
now I have advantage only if Gerald is
your ally in fighting the spectre
I I don't like the idea of a ghost
attacking barb oh I'm helping them okay
cool um destiny I need you to roll me v
d8 for its hit points and there's some
sort of bonus it gets as well right I
believe it half my half my wizard level
it gets
out of this temporary HP and I'm level
six so I'm gonna roll a five day at plus
three yep okay twenty-eight hit points I
got that in around it has 28 total yeah
yeah twenty five foot three ten go for
it barb oh okay
sneak attack on the first one so these
twelve you would it's cuz its advantage
it is resistant to damage from non
magical attacks but you do have a magic
sword don't you yeah alright so it does
full twenty points of damage and a
twenty five will hit it for eight which
actually brings it to exactly zero it
dies Gerald is there any way to talk
this out barb oh do we have to kill them
he killed Bobby you like Jimmy Jimmy
attacked me you're both pieces of [ __ ]
Bobby did nothing to nobody
cumo did it out of hate in his heart we
must kill kuhmo kuhmo you knew it was
gonna happen
you knew Jerry I'm in a I'm in a very
hard position because what I would do in
character is like doesn't make sense so
I I know I mean Tara would leave Jared
would never associate boys he'd be gone
yeah this is a [ __ ] idiotic like why
would you why wouldn't wizard in his
power ever associate with these people
yeah maybe Gerald Karloff and have their
own less murderous adventures I mean
like I don't know so like I think they
have to sort it out because of this I'm
in a really I have in a position I've
never been an Indian tea before I don't
know what to do
yeah commodes your turn on the top deck
okay I can still see down the stairs and
I can see everybody down there right if
you take a look so you can the
stairwells behind a wall so you were
definitely unable to see anyone
downstairs whatsoever the stairwell is
behind the wall I'm under you this is
the huh
this and this over here are the same
thing just without the like ceiling on
the building's right does that make
sense
not wait not really no I'm sorry
we're gonna yeah we're going to move
this and this here we go so this is the
top okay this area that I'm circling
right here has a roof on it okay that
group is what we see over here same
thing on this back side there's a roof
that goes around this which I'm gonna be
seeing over here
so the staircase that the part that you
went up comes up here and out like that
so there's this wall right here oh wait
so when I moved out I should be like
closer to this then right yeah you
should have you would have come up I
understand okay boys yeah so if you want
to have changed your positioning that's
fine sure because I would have like 60
feet then I miss um
okay okay so then from where I'm
standing right here I can take I can
walk like down the stairs here like this
yep okay can I go ahead and do that sure
you can step down the stairwell you see
pearl standing before you
but she's short she's a halfling you can
find her right over her I give a little
wink to pearl and I hope I could like
the cast darkness on captain Barbeau
u2's within range to fill a 15 foot
radius sphere for the duration the
darkness spreads around corners a
creature with dark vision cannot see
through this dark vision darkness and
non-magical that I cannot illuminate it
the point you choose if the point you
choose is an object you are holding or
one that isn't the water carried the
darkness eminates from the object and
moves with it completely bla bla bla bla
bla so this whole area is filled with
darkness 30 feet across okay okay and
then after I cast can I say pearl pearl
let's get the skiff and go get this
[ __ ] registered and then I go
upstairs nothing I try I don't know
where the the smaller bow has attached
to this that's probably okay I would
like to be Meg do you wanna be next to
me yeah show me the move it where I need
to know where this is all right the
skiff is going to be tucked right here
okay sounds good okay I would like to be
next to it and unfortunately you're in
darkness now wait I am you it's 30 feet
and it spreads around corners you're
seven and a half feet above him and
there are plenty of corners and this
great right here that it can flow
through you're in complete darkness hmm
I like equipo I think that's perfect
okay hold on I'm gonna need you to draw
me out exactly how much above this
darkness goes now
think this positioning is pretty perfect
like it's like that you know okay but
like it has to go like 10 feet over and
then 5 feet up and then 10 feet over
again in order to crawl like up through
the grate and get out right I guess that
makes round corners is up for debate so
like hey there's a here's an interesting
well here like let's say this let's say
that I had dark vision that extends 30
feet if there's a hallway 20 feet down
from me and then it goes over like 20
more feet it would the darkness would go
over the corner and then only go out
like 10 feet it wouldn't go like right
home yeah so that's the question is if
this this red dot up here that I've just
created spreads darkness does it take
all the movement to go around the corner
or if it can slip around the corner it
just spreads across the corner oh it
definitely needs to take all the moment
to get around it for sure
really good ok so a 30-foot path from a
15-foot path from Barbeau will bring us
to 10 here was actually bring us to 8 at
the edge and then eight will extend to
another 7 feet so 7 feet to here yeah I
guess you can see the skin thank you boy
what do you know how to get out with the
darkness going like how you've spent
weeks on the ship you all know where it
is also he cast it where he was outside
of the darkness for sure and should we
be practical ingenuity he would have
come up the stairs and just walked
through the darkness to get to the skip
yeah legit yeah is it my turn the
specter is dead it becomes Pearl's turn
pearl you cannot see anything it is
pitch-black what's what's going on I'm
gonna try to like feel my way out of the
darkness yeah
do you take a moment and you're
instantly out of the darkness so you can
step forward into fine
yeah I don't know I'm just gonna I don't
know what to do I'm just gonna like I
don't look at Gerald - I'm like what
would we do darkness yeah all right
Barbeau I can't light you cancel the
darkness I've never really understood
how that works
light and darkness cancel I'm just gonna
say the two effects dispel each other
completely yeah all right but that is
your action there is no more darkness
awesome oh wait wait let's hold on let's
read this anyway again if any of this
spells area overlaps with an area of
light created by a spell of second level
or lower the spell that created the
light is dispelled oh so he can try to
cast it but he realizes his magic is too
weak for me because some [ __ ] ass
level 2 cleric [ __ ] is not gonna
overcome my warlock magics good reading
of the spell you cast light and you're
still in darkness
wait oh nevermind I was really nervous I
mean I know the ship I should be able to
walk forward right
sure yeah you can walk for it and out of
life hold on the ice quit really glad
again is it lagging for anybody else
nope I can't tell nope alright can we
talk okay we're again it was really
laggy for me cool
am i able to walk forward yeah you can
walk forward and out of the darkness
okay I can have like a penalty or
something no no also he cannot walk out
of the darkness that darkness will stick
to him the point you choose is on an
object you are holding or one that isn't
being born or carried it emanates from
the object and moves with it so you
cannot target him D and all of his
possessions are being worn or carried
okay I mean I could target his so I know
something or rather his armor I guess
his breastplate if you were targeting
his sword or his armor that it is being
worn or carried and you can't park so
there was never directed wait no no
there is darkness it's just centered on
the space around you rather than on you
yeah I think the spell specifically
calls out that you can't put it on a
creature you can just put it on a space
or on an object you have in your hand so
I can't cast it on a person right you
can cast it in an area hmm I'm gonna
just settle this with the best-of-three
chassis I see Barbeau take your movement
yeah okay so you're a ship captain
you've done this a million times you can
move around in darkness you're fine with
it on this ship so you can take your
what was that 20 feet of movement to get
all the 25 in past years yeah one sec I
want to be very precise and then I
should be able to get like right there
right that it's 22 here and then 25 to
here then you have another 5 feet of
movement if you wanted because you can
do 30 okay so can I see right here yeah
you can't see because there's darkness
right Argos was blocking it that's right
leaking up strategically there there is
a patch of darkness as we discussed at
nauseam earlier right there
so if I use a bonus section - - I get
still attack right no because you use
your action for a light spell that fails
but you could bonus action - through the
darkness although you don't know where
kuhmo is
I mean I don't want to metagame I would
move my other five feet I I don't think
I would bonus actions as I know I can't
like attack or anything okay so uh yeah
I'll kill you
Gerald how's it gonna start to a crisis
going he shakes his head a wizard should
not know such trouble bees to make it
double haven't enough friends died
despite how hard I've tried I know not
what to do
we'll see what happens next in this
story through general tosses his cloak
over whispers the owl guides down he
looks at the owl the owl through his
eyes guides him through to the top of
the deck and he walks through the top of
the deck and looks out over the sea
Gerald ignores the battle and goes
looking out over the coat edge of the
boat wistfully with his owl pondering
what happened to his money that's
followed to the murky depths below was
it worth it yeah totally you can make
your way over to do hey just play my
instrument you know I offer my pipe to
peril I never smoked in my life but I
take it this is the time the two of you
smoke this is wizards this is a hold on
wait mr. Roberts it's his turn right now
oh no you did miss a turn yeah it's
legal in Hillsboro okay it's totally
legit yeah yeah Koo mo it's your turn
buddy hmm
can I am okay let's talk about this gift
can I give this an action shove to get
this off the ship
it takes winter there's seconds to
properly put a skiff in the water but if
you just want to chuck it over the side
of the boat and like cross your fingers
and hope it lands well you can make me
an athletics check to knock it over it
sounds like a good time at
oh are you sure wouldn't there be like
some dexterity involved in maneuvering
it more athletic than acrobatic to get
your [ __ ] just toss the ship over the
side of the ship
are you mooring him so much do you just
go it skill just roll the die bar bows
come in there Athene there you go you
lift it up you knock it over the edge it
plops down on to the other side 13 is a
decent roll
how does it land on the other side like
a lamb it's like a charisma check for it
it's got I don't think that has anything
to do with that um it lands it's
floating it's got a bunch of water in it
but it's not sinking and you lost one of
the oars it's like floating next to the
ship it's not lost forever it's just
floating nearby okay I would like to
bump the chip into my little skiff
awesome give me a dexterity saving throw
to land in the skiff as you jump off the
side that's not that's not an acrobatics
check it's a deck saving throw not to do
anything yeah acrobatics check it's fine
okay I like that you land on the ship
but you know you don't land right and
the ship topples and you fall into the
water
you are submerged what's it wait let's
find out is kuhmo 33 I have to lose my
breastplate yeah that's not coming off
of you very quickly but it's okay he
falls into the water and your essence
your plate strapped to you this might be
the end of you let's take a look how
donning and doffing armor where is that
in here
I think it isn't it like one minute to
remove it or something I think it's
something to that effect
pretty sure I can hold my breath for one
minute suicides
okay breast plate is medium armor so you
can take it off in one minute and if we
take a look at the custom swimming rules
and all that stuff that we had said
suffocating you can hold in your breath
time is cut in half if you're exerting
yourself so how long can you hold your
breath it's probably related to your
Constitution can only breathe for a
number of rounds equal to your conne mod
kuhmo is dead probably a number of
minutes equal to your convo 13 minutes
oh wait oh come on mom three minutes
[Music]
suffocating a creature can hold his
breath for a number of minutes equal to
one plus its con Mod at minimum 30
seconds so you can hold your breath for
four minutes if you are exerting
themselves it's cut in half so you have
one minute where you are sinking while
you exert yourself to cut this off
leaving you with two minutes to hold
your breath which gives you one minute
because you have to exert yourself to
swim back up yeah and can you swim up
yeah you'll barely make it out in time
for sure that's gonna be a four minute
process so we're gonna put a hold on you
here this dark not even John yeah the
darkness wet Barbeau you can see him
jump like jump overboard and immediately
move to the edge of the ship look over
see him land in the skiff and topple and
sink beneath the waves in his heavy
armor can I see you with water
not well enough to see where he is
disappearing - well who loved the waves
so in this lake for seconds I wouldn't
have time - or minutes well I'm guessing
I should so second rounds yeah you do
see him splash and you see him sinking
my guiding both a guy who can you test
can you bowl at someone underwater I
don't know no the question
lovely so damn it's it's a bolt of
radiant radiant energy so yeah I mean no
think so the pasta water I mean water
reflects light most of them it at least
not all it's not it's not like pure it's
not it's energy though it's not pure
light right I mean do it if you're gonna
say that light is reflected and that
means like a mirror shield should make
you invulnerable or all armor would make
you well yeah so flash of light streaks
towards a creature of your choice with
some range I think this round you can
still see him so it's still fine make me
an attack role I'm gonna give you
disadvantage because he's underwater and
the positioning like objects underwater
are always that a really what's like my
Lawson's oh wait actually do you need
line-of-sight for this it's within six
seconds of you hitting the water but I
didn't hit the water I hit the boat and
then the boat toppled over so it's
shipping on top of me blocking the
attack but I'm in now I'm hold on I'm at
an angle so I should be able to see
where he is I'm not looking he's sinking
below obviously so I'm not looking like
at the ship freeze I'm looking like
through the water
this requires all 500 of your eyes -
okay what is what is my like plusses and
minuses I guess it's already yeah I
don't know how to do it spell yeah
where's your spell nonsense spell
casting ability no something we want
spell casting abilities d20 +
proficiency mind + ballistamon
so once I don't know yeah that's gonna
be it I'm just wondering because you are
a second-level cleric I still think your
your +3 proficiency I would also like
mr. Merton to position his character I
like the trigonometric calculator and
he actually did link it alright you have
a plus 5 on this roll so roll me to D 20
do 20 we'll add 5 and we'll take the
lowest roll okay I would like to use my
inspiration from ephra didn't you just
use that a moment ago oh yeah didn't
everybody I was saying jack Oh for the
second it I'm gonna die I use
inspiration oh yeah for the second ad
enduring you're right yep you're right
so yeah alright oh you know for here we
go Judi 27 and 5 is a 12 is not enough
to hit the coup Bob wait we don't have
his armor yes I do because I'm still
thinking we have time it takes a minute
to take it off all right so he sinks
beneath the waves and we shouldn't be
ever disadvantaged because he doesn't
buy the next round at a time the next
time you're around your turn comes up
he's too far below the waves to see
anything I am readying a spell another
guiding bolt for him oh my god yes you
can it takes concentration as we
discussed earlier I have one more slot
by the way because we had a weight of
rest or whatever after the break had a
long rest yes okay meanwhile pearl and
Gerald are looking out over the ocean
what do you see do we see what we see
no you guys are on the other side of the
boat you're not looking or swimming to
see what do you see as you take your
cigarette break on the Egyptian hmm what
a strange story more weird even than
Locke Alka and Midori who knows where it
leads at least we have some dink wizard
weed I would like I would like a
calculation on the speed of the ship
okay well this needs to be get accounted
for beside go ahead the ship is not I
can't shut my shoulders and look over to
girl you know we I could just blow the
whole thing up sometimes I think about
that I'd go back and forth you know and
these kind of moments and I just say
maybe I should just blow up everything
and we could just live halfway out of it
lever after somewhere you know that
doesn't actually sound like a bad idea
I can go finish it except the part where
my friends killed two children
parts a little dark dude what's yeah
hike but you know some good stuff you
know for times like these you see this
hasn't been my first rodeo pearl and I
had to stock up on some good [ __ ] after
the last couple of times this happened
with a few other of my friends so I'm
pretty well prepared for this
okay these are supposed to be six second
rounds tybone what's going on over here
it looks like we're gonna need another
crew member buddy
they call me Jail the Gerald begun the
ganja wizard so
surfaces Fargo has a prepared spell
ready for him the moment he breaks
surface before my turn is over I'm gonna
give kuhmo my last Bartok inspiration oh
you gonna walk over and see me you could
give him inspiration at the same time
that Bargo attacks him or something like
that I don't know wait she should have
to see him later because she's on the
other side of the ship I would have I
mean we've got two minutes here I'll let
her decide that work
I should be able to roll an acrobatics
check to see if I can surface inside the
upturned skiff okay I would like if you
were drowning you would not I would be
swimming straight up and that's exactly
where I drop that straight uh or the
light not that not the skiff why it
would be the only dark part I would know
exactly where I would let me roll it
quite a 15 or higher and I service under
the skiff a die roll I want you to tell
me why the hell is Cuomo going for the
inside of that boat because I just had a
[ __ ] radiant blast whizzed by me so I
would want to go underneath the boat
because I would imagine these guys
probably wouldn't destroy their only way
on or off the ship I would argue they
can't gerald oh you're fine yeah Johnny
Depp and though who was the guy the hot
dude did this in Pirates of the
Caribbean they had the boat on top of
them and they walked out our ship is
almost named the Black Pearl don't even
start
pher plant let's see I don't think this
kid would be in the same spot four
minutes later she just said it what
nothing is moving so here
no no we're all still here things might
be moving slightly but even if the skiff
moves he can swim in Stuttgart oh yeah
easily yeah with the dead girl and I'll
bloom did their land oh I don't think
it's unreasonable I want to try and
surface underneath a boat when they are
clearly in a situation of attack that
seems fair agreed
where are the boat and where is he is I
feel all right let me make hole Don let
me get us a skinny boy boo hiss Hector
World War harder and this another time
in the nineteen episodes we've been on
where Oh perfect
upside down Robo love it oh this is a
big one big it a little bigger it turned
yeah here we go
it should fit three people on it so I
could see them you're seeing him cuz the
grin is turned on thanks very much
coming up another hard question for you
Cory boo okay [ __ ] bring it on iPad
right come up underneath the boat and I
cast a minor illusion of myself
surfacing does that trigger his readied
spell or can we roll needs to roll a
perception or something all right hold
on yes let's slow this way down kuhmo
you aim for that boat to try and come up
now there's one other factor that we
haven't considered here kuhmo has air in
his lungs there are bubbles coming to
the surface
Barbeau give me an intelligence check
the best intelligence check of your
entire [ __ ] life
is it intelligence or perception
intelligence really intelligence I think
it's just what I have for what I have in
mind which I don't know you know is that
a saving throw or no it's just an
intelligence check I think I clicked it
nope nope
sometimes roll20 lives there we go okay
doesn't matter it's fine the air bubbles
play no effect here
cool so what would we have done well
they should have been under this I was
gonna see if maybe he can see the
direction that kuma was swimming if
maybe he can like spot something but no
no no no no
so kuma surfaces inside the ship
unbeknownst to anybody else pearl is
also now on this side looking for kuhmo
as well probably up here where she's
safe from the crossfire kuhmo you
surface inside the ship inside the boat
no one knows what do you do um how long
does a readied spell last like if he
male he dispels it until he uses it but
you don't know he's ready to anything
for all you know dumb ass mocha and star
leap with Gerald and pearl okay so like
I mean we can roll an intelligence check
if you want but if I go underneath the
water and somebody shoots at me my
assumption is gonna be as soon as I come
up they're like ready to shoot him again
that's a fair assumption I think that's
a fair assumption okay so I am
underneath the boat if I would like to
create a minor illusion behind me of a
head like being behind the boat like my
head looking up at Barbeau giving a big
shit-eating grin I would like to cast
that spell and I would like to see if I
can trick him into triggering his
reading spell at that head let's see you
can do it within range
I wonder if you need line-of-sight to
the area that you're creating an image
right like you couldn't just walk up to
a wall and create an image on the other
side of the wall I think you would
probably need line-of-sight to where
you're creating your image I know it
doesn't specifically call it out but
that's the only thing that makes sense
sure but for this I could very easily
like dip my head under the water and
create my head like right up there it
does need some matica material not
verbal spells so a component and so you
could probably do it underwater yeah
that's fine that's fine or you could
create the image partially underwater
and then have it surface I can't do that
because I don't believe you can move a
minor illusion so the head would just
kind of like appear behind the boat okay
so a head appears in which will
instantly trigger pearls Bartok
inspiration wait and bar bows hold on
ready I would I would say that I would
can I at least have like a perception
check on that because
something appeared instantly I don't I
don't know I know that he's like a
wizard and everything I'm like true the
creature so there's a really interesting
interaction here quibble which is that
if a person gets cast an illusion they
can usually do like an intelligence or
investigation check against spell DC I
think a certain if the illusion but I
don't know if they can initially do that
check before they know to check for it
if that makes sense so what an illusion
initially appears there's no like text
to like like what actually happens it's
really good what we're gonna do is we're
gonna give mr. moon a intelligent saving
throw to see if he even considers that
this might be an illusion followed by an
intelligent saving throw to see if he
recognizes it is an illusion because
those fighting has just used minor
illusion in the previous combat right so
it's possible that this is that there's
something fishy here so give me two
intelligent saving throws back back and
passing both look at the big brain on
Barbeau I know a little bit about spells
okay what about Lily should she do hers
for Barnegat Lily give me two
intelligence saving throws as well cumo
dies tonight I have no idea it's
exciting
fifteen and - okay so you use a Bartok
inspiration on the illusion and it
fizzles alright you have a whole bunch
more you've never used any I smirk at
her Barbeau it's your turn now that I
know kumo doing some weird [ __ ]
I am so he could be anywhere no but I
could I think I could reasonably guess
because he just made his head appear so
I definitely assume that he is above
above and like breathing so I would I
think I would be able to deduce that he
is under the skiff doesn't seem too far
of a stretch he likes his rate he loses
that spell sought to write because he
ready to spawn didn't cast it it should
be law I'm still waiting to cast it the
conditions have not triggered yet you
can really ready a spell and then not do
an actually because it takes a it's a
huge cost Freddie a spell if it doesn't
go off its a big deal I thought if your
next turn goes around and it doesn't
trigger you just lose it you can hold
ready spells from local concentration
yeah I'm just gonna wait because he's
gonna run out of air eventually
understood where he can't stay there
forever like reason isn't there a ton of
air underneath us he's also probably
becoming tired because he has to tread
water like he saw us like float there so
like you can't he has to come out I'm
waiting alright so your weight kuhmo
you're under the skiff nothing's
happened you made your illusion there's
been no sounds other than pearl saying
something really nice pearl what did you
say when you tried to give him Bartok
inspiration you're still my friend won't
be don't die but you still kill a child
some kind of torn nice love it love it
alright I'm almost hmm okay um I'm
almost positive these readied rules
aren't correct you have until the start
of your next turn to use a ready to
action I'm almost positive you can't
hold a readied spell for like multiple
turns but a ready action not already
spell I don't know if that that that is
a nice little tidbit right there let's
take a look action ready action 193 of
The Player's Handbook
ready first describe blah blah then
choose the action you will take response
to that triggered editor when the
trigger occurs you can either take the
reaction right after the trigger
finishes or ignore the trigger remember
that you can only take one reaction
around when you radius spell it as fast
as normal but hold its energy which you
release when you react with your
reaction when the trigger occurs to be
ready to spell must have a casting time
with one action bla bla bla bla bla bla
your concentration is broken for example
just do to do to do so you can take an
axe later in the round so error doesn't
say it you have to do I think on that
same on page one anything on that same
page you have until the start of your
next turn to use ready action but it's
not a spell so the way you have to think
about it like in these kind of vagaries
is in terms of like the character right
so he's maintaining concentration on his
spell as long as there's nothing that
breaks that concentration it would stand
to reason that the spell was still ready
I think because what he's doing is he's
reading a magical energy for a spell and
he's thinking about that spell actively
and that's his concentration so I I
don't think that a spell would release
until a trigger or some kind of event
that would cause him to lose cause what
if he uses another action that breaks
his concentration then it would it would
definitely okay how is he wouldn't him
discerning making checks to discern if
my minor illusion was a minor illusion
wouldn't that be a check that would
require an action that takes
concentration hmm do attack to take
concentration heavy yeah
I'm still not seeing the you have until
your next turn to take it maybe I'm just
blind it's page 192 of The Player's
Handbook 192 okay you see it in the
players handbook guys I can't find it
but yeah you have until the start of the
next turn to use ready to action I see
it yeah
okay how heavy is this skiff can I start
swimming with the little boat above me
to put a little bit of distance between
me and the boat
Korra's is too heavy
yeah it's a rowboat you could easily
move okay I like to chill it's moving I
would use my action on the boat so I
would decimate the boat I think with the
guided plan or the guided ball it's in
the errata Player's Handbook oh the
newer version of the players hand I got
the boy who added again but Koivu it's
you it's it's your ruling really because
it's kind of ambiguous I mean because
you have to consider if it's a if a
spell is in action what I'm like so it
ready to action a ready to spell that's
all up to you like either answer is fine
it's up I feel like if you I feel like
as long as you're holding concentration
identity should've the errata says you
which lets you act using your reaction
before the start of your next turn it
does not say you have to use it before
the start of your next turn just that it
lets you use it yeah I think that you
can hold that action as long as you want
this is why we don't listen if the boat
does start moving I would like just want
a decimate though all right give me a
spell at the boat so one D 20 plus 5
right yep 15 you will hit the boat let
me see how much HP a boat has already
[Music]
let's see would let's see a large thing
this is gonna have 5 D 10 HP I think
like the goal would be to put a hole in
the boat so it's gonna start sinking
yeah alright uh I think you can punch a
hole through wow that's really shitty
damage yeah it's bad
can I roll the HP of the boat 5 D 10 you
said yeah we're only 5 to 10 also bad
bad it's got a hole sinks 80 out of 20
to that
more than a third of its HP you
definitely have put a hole in the boat
air begins to leak out the boat begins
to sink kuhmo pull my shield myself I'm
trying not the lawyer this garden
okay the boat begins to sink I guess
I'll have to swim away and I'll tread
water all right kumo gonna try it
he's gonna try to swim for it cumo you
can move 60 30 feet cuz you have a farm
I'm sure how far are we from sure dude
what's so far I'm gonna need you to give
me a list or I need a distance the
greater the more specific question is
how what is his range and how many
rounds does it take you to move out of
his range because once you're out of his
range then we can deal with the shore
nonsense okay well what is um if I take
shots from the water no more spells I
have no more spells tattooed so you have
no more so oh wait if I keep shots in
the water as I said disadvantage take
shots with what you don't have a weapon
I can make a weapon and bold spill I
would go after him
do you dive into the water everyone I
want to know how far he's away before I
do this and I want to know if there's
another boat that I can see on shore
there's no boat anywhere near you guys
you're Logan so there's no [ __ ] on our
boat there's no more no this is the only
skip on your ship how far is he away
before I dive after him so he gets to
move 30 feet this round on his turn so
now he is that distance away from you
okay so if I were to jump from here and
dive after him
I should reasonably be able to hit him
in this round no cuz you move a half
speed in water I would also like to use
my action to summon a crossbow
then you can only move half this
distance I was assuming you moved your
max distance this round so tempting to
change Boonton into a giant so we're
gonna move you 15 feet I have so much
power maybe if I move 15 feet I would
like to move as far away from the box
possible yeah so move 15 feet I'm just
gonna get rid of this other boat
alright mr. moon it's your turn
I'm having the sleeper man problem right
now what's my responsibility
help me I could do anything but Gerald
help me please girl make me fly Kumar so
if I were you okay so I should be able
to jump in right - is a bonus action and
I could be on him and use my main attack
to hit him that makes sense because I've
broke [ __ ] that I can - the bonus action
alright so you can jump land on the
water and then swim towards right what
is the distance you can jump you are 10
feet off the no it's a cargo ship you're
only like four you're like five six feet
off did I put the weed down and cast
fire bought forth you would have to tell
me I will I'll look it up but in theory
you could jump and swim to him in a
round he has a crossbow to his hands a
wet cross photo but of course one
nonetheless
jumping distance abcdefg H I J H I J
jump jumping under movement why don't
you just put it under jumping movement
jumping 182 and 190
long job here we go wouldn't make a long
job did you cover number two feet up to
your strength score if you move at least
10 feet beforehand when you make a
standing you only do half so you can
jump half your strength what's your
strength barb oh right Len lon my
Mother's Day card I'll be here the 13
this Mother's Day coming up sundown oh
[ __ ] thank you
let's drink this 13 so you can jump
seven and a half feet wait what is his
weight right now quite boo he didn't put
any money on him after we looted the
ship did he know oh I did it you're
right what his character weights less
than 26 right no you're right I do i do
wait 23 okay are 27 i would i would sink
a little bit oh so when i get in and
start sinking i'm gonna cut it all right
don't forget your ball approach that can
I should I should know that I cut the
gold
all right you drop the gold blow
yourself into the water yeah seven you
are I don't you you need to get about
another 11 another 12 feet I can do that
with my bonus action as a - correct
yes you can swim up to kuhmo you're now
both in the water attack Joe's got a
crossbow and is paddling bar goes coming
up behind him like baby shark himself
and make me an attack roll baby armor he
lost his heavy armor so his AC is 13
unfortunate your attack misses also I
believe he takes attack rolls at a
disadvantage as well correct button
you're gonna have he's gonna have
advantage because you're in the water -
like I think that the awkwardness of it
cancels yeah I'm gonna need to see a
thing on that when making a melee weapon
attack creature doesn't have a swimming
speed has disadvantage on the attack
role unless the weapon it's a dagger
javelin short sword spear or trident
it's a short sword amazing a short yeah
okay all right all right
Kubo it's your turn I guess I'll take
two shots at captain
at disadvantage we arranged lemon effect
automatically misses a target beyond the
weapons normal range okay so that isn't
even yeah hold on do cross our crop wait
unless the attackers I just mentioned
less the weapon is a crossbow and net or
a weapon that is thrown like a javelin
boo alright so crossbows are legit all
right do you promote you don't provoke
attack know you make attack some uppers
you make missile attacks at disadvantage
against a target adjacent team I
absolutely do not because I have the
crossbow expert feed oh my god alright
you hit him for eight points of damage I
take the eight okay alright and then I
get to make one more attack as well I
don't have this advantage right now with
a fist oh that doesn't hit ya alright
miss
barb oh it's your turn you're both
treading water I attack that go for it
one that's 1121 damage
- that is 7.28
- kuhmo who is Zilla I do my math right
is that for HP we're still here don't
[ __ ] with Bobby kuhmo I warned you about
this in character and out of character
get right get rolling up another is it
my turn now
alright I'll roll two more attacks nine
damage I'd have it and then six damage
so 9 divided by 2 so I take 4 or 5 4 4
plus 6 so I take 10 yeah ok I'll be bad
- he's not for HP right it didn't go up
to 32 for a reason what cool oh yeah it
should I updated on the map I don't know
what's not on my character shame oh yeah
that's good that's good mr. Putin I kill
him you killed him kuhmo uh well the
first one brings them down the second
one is an automatic crit and makes them
Geeta failed to death saving throws kumo
turn rolls around but he's in waddle
doesn't matter he spelled to death
saving throws you still get to make one
if it's a natural xx returning you ass
okay at 1hp wish me luck boys we need
our big net 20 good luck boys
you pass all right barb oh he's dying in
the water you could still save him if
you want barb oh no yellow - yo yo yo
pearl there's a way that we can do this
and maybe if you save him he comes back
around and will attempt to bring kuhmo
back to the ship to stabilize you can
drag it yourself and kuhmo over here I
can't get on the elect you have to make
one more investment look at God's
decided you will have to make one more
debt saving throw a 10 or lower and
lower than a 10 is a failure and you die
is it my roll yes your roll man
good luck boys riperino cappuccino my
dudes after all he couldn't make it all
right Barbeau climbs back up onto the
deck of the ship
alone you've killed your entire crew
you've killed little Jimmy you've killed
little Bobby you've killed kuhmo you've
ostracized and alienated Pearl and
Gerald who are probably looking at you
very uncomfortably at this point in time
Barbeau what is going on I tried to
bring him back
he killed little Bobby I was watching
did I see that did I see it what did I
see I think I stabbed the man in the
water at twice did bring it back but
that is a man and then grabbed him and
dragged his body back or rather I mean
like yeah yeah like you stabbed him and
he stopped moving and then once he
stopped moving it was clearly like
unconscious and dying he stabbed him
again and then you're like no wait and
he's like fine I'll bring him back
whoops he died on the way sorry it's
okay you can make of it what you will
under said what what did I feel like I
don't need to extend my explain myself
he killed little
Bobby and he was never really a good fit
for the party anyways you both killed
children it's true and everybody on this
ship and it's true everybody associated
with this ship and for that matter
everybody that really has been
associated with us ever since I met you
don't act like you haven't done the same
thing drilled you said I'd leave by for
the whole thing don't act uh-oh high and
mighty okay
don't moral high-ground me you're deep I
are you sure you want to do that right
now
dude yeah do you know how easily I could
have killed you both do you know how
easily I could kill you right now
I play for my so let me um let me say
like so out of character I would just
leave I said but but I can't right like
if you want a PvP everyone in the party
dude like I will I will wreck you boy I
mean you can be ar7 sure and you die
Devon you're really I don't care I would
just like to point out for it so
everyone knows this whole situation
started because mr. Mudd decided that we
need to kill the entire crew because
Jimmy insulted him just pointing that
out that's how this whole thing started
and we also all of us cuz unilaterally
murdered an entire crew of innocent
people well as innocent as pirates could
be but I mean Jimmy's as innocent as the
rest room right there all pirates just
pointed that out or Bobby counterpoint
he did offer them surrender and you
insist and he went along right with it
he was the one that pitched the plan for
sure you're both morally reprehensible
yes yeah I agree 100%
all right I think guys I think we need
to have a real talk about if this
campaign realistically able to continue
at this point this might be the prime
opportunity to aim in homes homes and
catacombs
maybe we should here for the day and
have a discussion offline that's fine
yeah
see everybody okay I've been kind of to
outros oh we can where can we find your
information lily peaches instagram.com
slash stay comfy from my art Instagram
that's all and in case this is the last
time it's been really fun we're good we
find your information mr. Mouton
youtube.com slash Mr MOU CEO in or
twitch.tv slash mr. moon
that's it where can we find your
information Devin Nash um I will still
talk about this on the after show
twitch.tv slash Devin ash but I assume
we're gonna be talking for a little
while so yeah if you guys want to head
over to that channel I'll still cover
this and like my take on it on twitch.tv
slash Devin - but it'll be a bit I think
so
we'll be there though yeah we just fire
it up on demonstrate ok unless you guys
want to talk about it offline anything
is well we'll talk about at least some
of it off stream probably yeah yeah yeah
cuz there's just like some stuff we have
to determine and as for me you know I've
been really working on my my new
Instagram there was some squirrels
outside that were really cute in the
rain today you can find me on instagram
comm slash stay comfy it's a great great
Instagram look for squirrels there
you'll find them I promise I'm done
wait what was your Instagram Instagram
that column / stay comfy
okay all right well listen I love you
all very much it's been fun riperino
cappuccino poverty and opportunity might
Pacino Deb Chino cappuccino after you
know I'll be no my dudes and we'll say
no Devon stream in a little bit okay
yeah I'll be on in a minute okay your
pond dudes
maybe with guests you if they want to
come maybe
[Music]
