okay Dave you and what do you want okay
okay first thing I want to talk about
that [ __ ] ridiculous Platonism
nonsense and then I want to go on
scientific realism okay okay so I like
to play this office if there's like some
mystery about mathematics being able to
explain things that's not if you
actually look at mathematics the vast
majority of it doesn't describe [ __ ]
it's just sort of like a circle jerk
system it's almost like art but so the
reason why I mean have I talked about
Murray yeah okay I remember you're the
guy that came on and I rolled my nose
really hard cuz I was gonna be really
dumb but you were pretty smart you
talked to REM about the income of you
know yeah okay oh yeah okay cool
all right so like the reason that people
think mathematics is like so absolutely
amazing describing things because we
select those branches of mathematics
that are really good for distracting
things there's no like esoteric mystery
painted but I mean further on I'm just
like so how seriously are you taking
like the whole like anti-realism about
science thing pretty seriously but what
do you mean by that
like hot what do you mean by serious
like are you have you sufficiently
drifted over to the dark side
pretty much but I mean I still
acknowledge that assuming that we value
like human well-being as a general
concept that science still gives us some
credibly powerful tools to and explore
that and improve that does that yeah I
mean so I I just I don't I think a lot
of people are kind of like using these
arguments for scientific anti-realism
that don't really work so like what was
your biggest reason like pulling
commensurability finger well no like I
guess what are we talking about when we
say anti-realism I guess like
anti-realism president it's not like
it's not describing anything it's kind
of just like a useful fiction are you
[ __ ] serious dude I [ __ ] [ __ ] ass
[ __ ] game happy year you start to use
me okay so um I think that um wait can
you let can you go deeper in the
statement oh I'm sorry
yeah so like would you do you think that
science describes things in the real
world you think it's like a kind of a
useful fiction which kind of like
continually will update itself and it's
not really really true I think that it's
making descriptions of things that have
some very real underlying physical
property yeah I don't think I'm a sane
theory losses like remiz so the trend is
I believe like an electron exists but
like maybe an electron itself doesn't
exist maybe there's some underlying
thing and an electron is like a category
an arbitrary category that we've
invented the describe some collections
but I would hope that at some point it's
referring to some real entity of the
world right yeah I mean I think my
biggest dream is that I I think he's
using historical arguments for real oh
sure that is and he's incommensurability
argument I and I have to talk him more
about this I don't want it's like trash
target cuz I don't I must not understand
it but it sounds very very unconvincing
to me incremental real dumb but I must
not be understanding the the promise
appearing incommensurability is that you
take two theories mm-hmm and as you so
you'll take an entity like an electron
and so um two different theories because
of the different mathematical structures
will define you know LA and that's
that's true but I don't think it's
relevant at all yeah exactly that's the
problem what you just said it I don't
think it logically follows that even if
two things are in commencer Bowl I don't
think that it logically then follows
that neither one can be referring to any
sort of real entity in the in the world
or whatever I don't that sense right it
just sounds logically invalid
specific things that because of in
crunch ability you can't claim that
progress is made because because there
because two theories are so vastly
uncomfortable you can't actually like
compare them and pick which one is true
but I don't so the issue with that
argument is that it assumes that the
transition from one theory to another
it's just like snap but usually what you
see throughout history is there's a ton
of intermediate steps which are all kind
of slightly different from one another
right it's like a fossil record yeah and
hopefully those steps are being made
generally because we think that the
newer theory offers a more powerful
description because better descriptions
tend to give us a better view of the
world etc etc right so France is like
switching from like Newtonian gravity to
lie quantum mechanics you know like a
quantum of you know I shouldn't say
gravity I'm saying are contrary but like
it from Newton from classical mechanics
to like quantum mechanics or whatever
like we generally do that slowly because
it gives us a better excellent excellent
to a power of the world right yeah well
I I think even that sentence is kind of
like an issue though people run into so
like it to switch from classical
mechanics quantum mechanics wasn't we
already weren't in classical mechanics
if you look at the history of 20th
century science hmm people at that time
were really into electromagnetism okay
and they were trying to fully reduce all
of physics to let remember yoga yeah so
it's like I I think this is kind of one
of those things that like deflate slow
and ventral do you think because it's
not just switched from Newtonian
mechanics to general relativity I don't
think it happened because lutonium
mechanics
had already been surpassed by that right
okay yeah I mean I don't have to
convince me I like I said I already
don't I'm not a big the increments
really augment just never made sense to
me I guess like I really maybe I
shouldn't say my son I don't know what
qualifies use being a scientific
anti-realists I don't know what where
that starts or where it doesn't start I
guess like my main problem right now is
that um are you familiar the term like
scientism I think kind of be used by
philosophers and theologians who want to
inflate the value of their field wait
you think the word scientism is like an
invalid like kind of an like an insult
or I mean I don't I think it's kind of
you don't think you wouldn't say that
people like sam harris are like pretty
and pretty like illustrative of like
that idea of scientism well I mean he's
got a lot of flowers knows I think
there's I think that there's that trend
like not to sound mean but I think
there's that trend amongst like the stem
Lords you know that like science can
give us the answer to all sorts of
problems even all a problem like it's
just like that idea that you can use
like engineering to solve problems of
morality and [ __ ] I think that's a
pretty
I shouldn't say commonly Albury though
I'm kind of like I guess we'd have to
pull people or whatever but I mean I
just I think the whole thing about
morality being like in what kind of like
not a problem is a little well you let
me actually [ __ ] morality let's this is
the read this is the big thing that I
have trouble with lately that really
bothers me is when I have conversations
we're letting two transgender people
it is very hard to talk to people
because people think that like the
notion of gender or the notion of sex is
some rigid scientific fact when I think
that upon further investigation that's
absolutely ridiculous that both gender
and sex are categorizations that we
value though that we've kind of like
established and hopefully they refer to
some underlying scientific fact but the
organizations of those things are
absolutely not scientist
completely value-based no or do you
agree or disagree that I guess let me go
from there no because like cause of
being transgender okay it's something
that can be studied by science the way I
hold on one second
oh yes I say though the what is what I
don't agree because the cause of being
transgender or the cause of having some
of these things is something that can be
studied and it's fully within the realm
of science right yeah I don't disagree
that at all yeah I don't think there's
like a tension between gender and sex or
sorry or no I'm sorry by the tension
that I'm referring to it is not those
topics themselves it's that when I argue
with people or conservatives in general
a lot of people think that for instance
there's no room to debate anything
related to sex or gender because science
answers these questions like science can
tell us like how to make sexes or
science can tell us like how to make
genders when I when I don't think that's
true at all that the organization of
those things into categories is very
much a value driven process that you
know science can kind of give us some
information about you know it get just
give us descriptive facts but how we
ultimately decide to organize things is
completely up to us you go just go that
right yeah I mean there's a lot of
conservators you kind of abuse oh yeah
and I guess that's kind of what's moved
me I guess I wouldn't say that like I do
I wouldn't say I'm total anti rails but
it's kind of what has moved me more in
that direction more when I talk to
people is very hard to get them over
that hump of understanding that you know
in science the value statements have to
come before any sort of scientific
statement can be organized at any
meaningful way yeah yeah okay did you
ever what was the next thing or was that
was that everything that's it okay don't
ever um we don't ever say in chat like I
want to talk or whatever just identify
yourself as someone I've talked to
before
because 95% of people because especially
after philosophy discussions I get a lot
of real dumb people sometimes don't want
to come in a dog I thought you're just
like a random tip sugar whatever cuff
yeah no no yeah any time just let me
know who you are no yeah I'll remember
your name alone our day of the dank okay
okay thanks a lot buddy
[Music]
