hey guys welcome to startups podcast
erbium and my co-host dan talk to people
about I guess the types of businesses
that they run online and offline today
we are joined by an exciting guest every
guest is an exciting guest but this
guess is especially excited right now we
have David Pakman how are you doing
today man
good how are you we're doing great good
how are you doing down I'm hanging in
there just excited to get going okay for
those that have like no idea who you are
or what you do how do you introduce
yourself to people like in the real
world when you try to describe your job
what do you do oh in the real world I
try not to even talk about what I do
just because then it's like oh are you
on the left or on the right and it very
quickly gets awkward so honestly like
when people in the real world asked me
what I do I say I'm in media production
and hope they don't follow up but like
in the online space I have a left wing
radio TV podcast and YouTube show and
twitch so I guess now newly on twitch
and I run an ad agency as well you run
an ad agency is there something that's
like connected to all of your adventures
or is it something you do totally
separately from all of that no it's
connected yeah it started with just
doing ad sales for my show and then
talking to other show hosts who like
we're having trouble kind of cracking
the nut of ad sales or just didn't have
the resources or the know-how or
honestly just like the patience to start
developing lead lists and reaching out
to people and figuring out pricing we
started offering to do ad sales for
other shows taking a cut like an agency
started in using politics and then
eventually we realized hey you know we
could just do this for any show like it
doesn't really have to be news in
politics so we've been expanding in 2019
we've added tech channels cooking
channels CBD is now big with the 2018
farm bill legalizing industrial hemp and
I'm trying to think of any other areas
well what we really work in a lot of
areas but yeah it's it's all connected
to the David Pakman show in some way did
this get started just from your own
desire to not deal with an outside ad
agency or were you just like you know
screw it but this is working well for us
let's expand yeah basically I mean I had
always been trying to do internal ad
sales and never real
combination of the right team or wasn't
big enough yet to do it and then just
like everything came together in 2018
with the right ad sales team and we were
big enough to start getting some larger
deals and it just kind of went from
there and we still work with some
outside ad agencies I mean my will
probably talk about my broader business
philosophy but my approach is always
diversify as much as possible so that
I'm not too exposed to the risk of any
one revenue source disappearing and then
number two try to like push cart test
any new venture so the idea there being
just let's let's try it and figure out
if there's value without investing too
much and that's where the ad sales stuff
basically came from it was like can we
do one deal with an industry that has
nothing to do with news and politics and
the answer was yes and then from there
we kind of build it up more do you guys
have like your own like CDN or not not
CDI what do you call that dandy what do
you call the networks on YouTube the
like the content managing networks you
know understand
oh yeah and CN yeah that's it do you
have no we don't of those no okay
have you thought about going in that
direction since a lot of those guys are
based around like selling ads to like a
ton of different channels or honestly
not really only because it I don't know
I don't get it it's not an obvious win
to me and it seems like a lot of
administrative overhead I'm kind of pain
in the ass honestly so no I haven't
really thought about them okay where did
you yeah so I kind of want to ask like
where you started there's like there's
two different ways for me to phrase this
question so the first way is how did you
start like building because obviously
you have like a studio you've got people
that work under you like so how did you
start that but then but then a very
interesting question just because I have
a big fan base that also has a lot of
crossover friends with you is where did
you really start because on one hand we
see David Pakman by daylight he's this
guy that has politics on line and does
you know left-leaning commentary and
he's got a production stream but by
moonlight it is the insidious printer
ink filling massage getting
Shutterstock karate learning what yeah
so I'm curious did you did you start
doing like like I guess like stock
portfolio imaging or what what how did
how did you start doing stuff online
okay so I mean the there's like two
answers the david pack the genesis of
the david packard show and everything
that i do now really started in 2005
when i was a junior at the university of
massachusetts and i started a community
radio show that basically it and it
started on one station and then I added
a podcast started calling other stations
and saying I do a show do you want it
and a bunch of them started saying sure
we'll put it on at 3 a.m. and it just
built from there added a youtube channel
added a video version added ad sales
membership program etc so that's like
one trajectory how old were you when you
started I was 21 21
okay 21 years old we what we went to go
for economics and communication and then
I kept doing it when I was in grad
school getting my MBA okay and this was
around 2008 2007 sure started my MBA in
oh six and finished in oh nine yeah okay
okay gotcha cool just trying to keep the
timeline so then at the same time like
at the beginning my show didn't make any
money for several years it made no money
there's like pre youtube yeah one more
quick thing oh I'm really curious yeah
so you started your radio show back then
and you were going after an MBA will you
sail I mean we say liberal back then we
used to like a Democrat or were you more
right leaning just curious I've never
been a registered Democrat but I've
always been pretty left-wing yeah we was
that strange being like an MBA I feel
like most of the econ people tend to be
a little bit more right leaning on
universities well econ and MBA remember
two different things so I went from
number one I was in econ at the
University of Massachusetts which was
like one of the few economics programs
that actually had Marxist professors
yeah Richard Wolff who now is sort of
like a somewhat well-known left-leaning
economist was actually my Mac my econ
102 professor when I was 20 years old
which is pretty crazy but no I was I was
always pretty left and then even in grad
school I went to Bentley University for
my MBA
yes it's Business School but it's also
Massachusetts so it's like you know it's
not Northwestern if that makes sense
okay okay cool gotcha
okay so then you said you were you were
getting your radio thing going
MBA branching out yeah and so it didn't
make any money originally so I was doing
basically with my brother and my former
radio producer we started like a very
small instructional video and
documentary video production thing and
we had a couple of clients expert
village and a howl and eventually a lot
of the people we worked with needed
either someone to be massaged or someone
to play basketball again so I ended up
participating in these really like
low-budget instructional videos which
now a lot of my audience has dug up and
named screenshotted particularly awkward
moments of okay and you and this you did
this part of in the beginning because of
your because of your advertising stuff
or what was the connection in the
beginning how you got drafted into that
I don't even know I mean I think a
friend of mine said hey I'm producing
documentaries for these companies
they're looking for more people and I
said I have cameras I can do that on the
side okay cool yeah
so what was like the it's interesting
because we talked to Sam cedar about
this kind of like the jump from like
traditional media into kind of like
online media and and the differences in
these platforms when did you make did
you have like a big jump when you were
like okay I'm done with kind of like the
college radio are done with the radio
stuff and I'm going exclusively to
online stuff it was just more graduated
or no I never did that I mean we're
currently on two hundred radio and TV
stations and satellite TV so like I
never abandoned that although I'm not
actively growing it at this point
because the truth is it really doesn't
generate any of our revenue I kind of do
it as a public service it's at my cost
that I continue distributing my show to
public radio and television stations it
we lose money on that but I built the
network and there's an audience there
and I can conceivably still monetize it
by transferring some of those people
into paid members or online viewers so
there was no point at which I abandoned
it but I think that probably two years
after launching on YouTube like 2011 it
was very clear that like the potential
for the revenue side was not in
traditional media it was an online media
for sure do you um
how many people work with your liked
company now or I like what how would you
describe yourself in terms of like your
production and like your ad sales like
how many people all together are like
associated with your businesses I guess
in some way shape or form if you include
like direct employees freelancers
management and all of that stuff I guess
it's like eight people in total
oh Jose and did you bring on a majority
these people recently or you kind of had
the same people for a while or you
experienced any big growth with your
camp it's all been slow and steady I
mean that's the weird thing that I was
talking to someone about the other day
where it's like there's never been a
single day where there was any
significant growth so like the last 12
years I've just been hammering away
rinse repeat modifying processes and
just being really consistent with
content and improving stuff where I
could not identify any single day where
the show grew drastically it's just like
we have one more affiliate from one day
to the next or we've got another 500
YouTube subscribers or another 25 paid
members but in that sense like it feels
like I'm doing the exact same thing in
one sense and at the same time like it's
changed so drastically but there's never
any like okay now you've made it to X
level because it's just like a little
bit at a time grinding it out so so you
mentioned you have a agency as well and
you run that in addition to doing your
show do you think that in the future
that there is a potential that you're
going to have to kind of two sides on
which one you do and how is that going
to work like you and actually a better
question it would be how is the ad
agency growing in terms of velocity
compared to your existing show it's
pretty similar
honestly in terms of growth because the
notoriety of the David Pakman show helps
us to bring on new brands and new
channels that we're working with so it's
really working hand in hand pretty well
I mean it's conceivable that at some
point there would have to be you know
some managing director of the ad side
and I would
step back conceivably I can't really
step back from hosting my own show and
I'm I'm aware of that and it's it's
working fine right now
do you feel with the ad agency business
and running that do you think that that
does it ever bleed over into your show
at all where you're kind of afraid to
topic talk about certain things because
maybe it's revolving around one of your
sponsors or one of the clients you've
worked with before and how do you handle
that no I mean to be honest I never
talked to my own advertisers and I think
I've only talked to advertisers for
agency deals that are on like other
brands a couple of times when there was
like you know [ __ ] hit the fan in some
way shape or form but basically I just
don't even have contact so fortunately
it's not come up nobody has ever tried
to impose any restrictions on me either
in terms of what stories I should cover
or how I should cover them or what I
should or shouldn't say so it's just not
come up and fortunately I mean our team
makes it pretty clear like it's just not
the way we operate it's not gonna work
that way period and it's we've set
pretty good boundaries and it's never
been an issue interesting from the guys
from their business side of things so so
like you the two main branches or
whatever the business are you have like
the political online commentary stuff
that you do and then you have like this
adage I am it just flipped guys it might
have I'm not so weird that's very
strange yeah sorry yeah interesting okay
but yes so you have these kind of like
two main branches of your business how
much time I guess
so I'm interested I was in the political
side because that's what I do do you
spend a lot of time first hand kind of
like gathering data or you know reading
articles who do you have people to kind
of like aggregate stuff for you like hey
check this out like this is on your desk
now look into this how does that work
the one thing that I have not delegated
and I tested delegating some of the
stuff but I found out that it just the
key thing about my show is just it's got
to be my voice it's got to be my story
choice it's got to be my prep in my
presentation so I do a hundred percent
of that I am picking a hundred percent
of the stories I'm researching every
story period and
i I just feel like that's such like an
integral part of what I'm doing that I
don't delegate off any of that stuff the
tech stuff I'm doing almost none of now
the ad sales stuff I'm doing almost none
of now but I'm still preparing and
writing every single show myself how
much time do you spend like every day
reading or just like doing stuff related
to political stuff is this like a I
don't know I mean less than most people
assume when I tell them I mean I'm
probably doing for each hour each 75
minute show I'm probably spending like
an hour in the afternoon prepping for
the next day and then another 45 minutes
in the morning like that that's probably
the prep sure okay
if far is a new opportunities we see
that you're you're getting into twitch
how how is that going and then what
other ideas you have moving forward as
well twitch is going well I mean I
so my following on YouTube I built up
over a decade and we're sort of like on
track to hit a million subscribers
sometime in like the next 12 months or
something like that and a bunch of my
audience has been encouraging me to get
on Twitch I made an account like a year
ago and then didn't really know what to
do on Twitch so didn't join what pushed
me actually to really get started on
twitch was when CNN cut my stream of the
presidential debate last week so I've
been on Twitch in a serious way for like
10 days yeah
and it's an it's a totally different
type of engagement I feel that there's
like a connection to the audience that
just is not there on YouTube it's not
better or worse it's just different it's
more direct in a very particular way and
it's going great so far so I'm thinking
of what unique stuff can I do on Twitch
how can we build that out and I mean my
goal is to try to build twitch to where
it is at least you know like a quarter
of what I've got going on YouTube and
thing then I think it'll be a big part
of my business and a big part of my
total engagement do you think that
you're gonna be at a point where you'll
be streaming daily or do you think like
how often you imagine you're gonna be
doing I don't imagine that I'll be doing
a daily my approach is like for example
this week I set up an event on Twitch
for tomorrow Wednesday night at 6:30
p.m.
and then yesterday on my broadcast show
and today on my broadcast show and
tomorrow I'll promote that that will be
an event and then I'll do it and then
I'll think about the next event but my I
I don't see myself just being like a
daily streamer on Twitch at this point
in time I think a big part of it is to
let go of prepared content it kind of
sounds a little bit like you're using
twitch like hey I'll come on because I
have an event but a big part of twitches
you have to know with that in fact
people would just love to watch you
doing your research for the show you're
gonna be doing later that day like that
would be the content they would love
first more than I actually did that on
Sunday night so Sunday night I did a
stream and so I'm basically I'm planning
the time of the events but I am not
planning what I'm doing and my prom I
thought is in the 15 minutes beforehand
I'll just figure out what am i doing
maybe I just open up the phone lines and
let people call in and just hear from
people or maybe not but just in order to
I mean I do find that with what my
audience is expecting I'm sort of clear
about like when are things happening but
I have not been structuring the streams
at all and I think you're totally right
it's just kind of what what's going on
what do I feel like doing and you know
am i playing chess am i taking phone
calls am i doing show prep or whatever
and that's my that's my plan right now
have you thought about or are actually
on your on your channel or your
broadcast live or they always
pre-recorded and then always
pre-recorded gotcha
do you do you do like a lot of like in
terms of cutting or like how many takes
like if you're if you're filming like a
segment on average is it usually like a
one-and-done or is there like a lot of
editing that goes in yeah there it's one
and done the show is entirely live to
tape and I can think of I mean in the
last five years there have probably been
like I mean I I can't think of the last
time anything was redone or whatever the
the it's it's pre-recorded because we
added in a bunch of stuff and we're
doing a TV show and a podcast and all of
these different things so it's really
just for tech reasons that we do it that
way but it's a live to tape show it's I
if there's 45 minutes of content it
takes me 45 minutes to film that and
that's it ah sure
I only the only reason I ask is because
like a lot of people do like Simon's
where you can stream simultaneously to
YouTube and to twitch at the same time
so it seems like like you could do like
a stream to twitch and also
like I guess a stream to tape or like a
recording at the same time to would be
an easy way to kind of like hit both of
those avenues up but yeah I mean
honestly the problems that we had most
often was that interview get it's just
like no one's ever ready on time you
connect and like their video is vertical
and we've got to spend 10 minutes fixing
it or whatever so it was just like we
you years ago before I even first moved
to New York City we actually did the
show live and every day it was just like
thrown into disarray because the guests
were just not prepared yeah yeah we've
experienced a little bit of that
ourselves and did you want to ask a
question there will be Oh No so did you
did you grow up in Massachusetts uh you
went to two colleges that's just
yep I was born in Argentina but my
family moved to the US when I was five
and basically other than three years
that I spent in New York City I've lived
in Massachusetts my whole life Oh
interesting who was that in the western
mass area around you master oh that's
right originally and moved to New York
City and then I've been in Boston for
like the last four years
I'm curious cuz I'm also I grew up in
Amherst
oh no way yeah do you do you feel like
any of that environment like that I've
been a lot of places I've moved around
that's probably one of the most liberal
places like Northampton Amherst in the
country I think I mean I could be wrong
with this but that Dwarfs even places
like San Francisco do you think that
that like environment had a big factor
in you know just your choices today at
all I think it did but probably not in
the way you would assume I mean yes
Western Massachusetts what's called the
Pioneer Valley a super left but I in
some sense I mean like my family was
left anyway so I would have probably
been left no matter where I grew up but
I feel like living in such a liberal
area did give me pause about just
jumping on board with like every aspect
of progressive left-wing orthodoxy so
like my view on the israeli-palestinian
conflict is probably not that much in
line with the with the sort of
Northampton Amherst Massachusetts
standard view I you know I understand
how identity is important to can
sitter because it informs sort of our
understanding of things in the world but
I'm not like an identity politics guy
and I've been critical of that I'm not
about like on campus suppression of
speech to the extent that it's a problem
or any of that stuff so yes I mean
growing up in that area definitely
affected my politics but not in the way
that most people would probably just
assume made me cling to all of the
traditional litmus tests of the area so
we've watched a few of your Clips here
and it seems like you're kind of
experiencing a little bit of the
pushback of the fringes of the left here
omame before it before we get into that
because that's not that's kind of like a
side yeah wait so so I'm kind of curious
then in terms of in terms of future
plans you mentioned that you're going to
hit like a million subs on your channel
soon well I mean I hope within the next
year yeah yeah yes soon as compared to
the overall afternoon channel and then
you're also like moving into twitch a
little bit more on two ends where
realistically do you see yourself going
in the next like six months to two years
I guess like what are your kind of like
future plans you have to do and what
what is like the dream for you like do
you want to be involved more with like
major media that that's like more
traditional or do you just want to see
your normal platforms continue to grow
you want to collaborate more people more
no I mean I think that like seven years
ago
my thought was let me just get big
enough so that networks will pay
attention to me and then hire me but I
know a lot do that now and it just
doesn't seem like it's for me I mean it
I haven't had a boss for like 12 years I
just don't think I could really go back
I mean it would it would be a real
personal crisis if my business failed
and I had to go and work for someone so
no I mean my goal right now is not to do
anything more corporate or mainstream
it's just to keep building what I'm
doing and to continue to just have the
freedom to like do what I want to do to
turn down what I don't want to do period
and just just grow the platforms I have
grow the ad agency and keep doing what
I'm doing for the eight people that are
working with you are they all full-time
employees of yours or no they're not no
they're not so we have it's two full
timers and then a part timer and then
freelancers and then some of the people
are doing what they do for me for other
shows and people as well
gotcha
okay were the next people you're
thinking about bringing on like as far
as like growing the business what's the
next person you're like okay I know I'm
gonna have to hire you know an actual
professional X is anything like I don't
know I mean there's two ways that could
go one is depending on what happens with
what I'd new online platforms so I
include twitch and some others that were
starting to get involved in if those
grow enough to justify it I would
probably need more support in engaging
exclusively with some of those platforms
because YouTube takes up so much of our
time right now
and then on the ad sales side we're
starting to get to the point where we
probably are going to need to start
segmenting like do we have different
people doing the brand side and the the
publisher side or do we need to kind of
like focus people in on news and
politics and then like non news and
politics stuff it's kind of an open
question but that's a direction things
are going to okay yeah I think in
particular when it comes to like the ad
agency side of the business you find
that a lot of these people that you deal
with it's very kind of old boys club and
eventually you have to kind of hire
someone who knows someone who does this
and can get you this deals and it's a
little bit obnoxious how that still
works to this yeah I mean honestly we're
just not having that much so there's
like a self-selection bias where because
that exists we don't have the old boy
stuff so we don't get too many of those
deals with like the big legacy
advertisers or agencies so we're just
basically doing deals with other people
if we had someone who had those
connections we would probably be doing
better we don't have that person so
we're just kind of like building the
business in a different way it may be
limiting over the long run but yeah I
mean you bring up a good point for sure
in terms of so this is kind of like
hitting into the thing that Dan talked
about earlier obviously I think doing
online content related to politics I
would say you occupy kind of a special
space on the internet compared to more
either entertainment relative stuff or
videogames or reviews or whatever what
are some of the most like challenging
aspects of your job in terms of dealing
with other people online you related the
political stuff or maybe even the
non-political stuff quite frankly it's
just getting used to the fact that I get
you know 5,000 messages a day across
platforms and 85% of them are terrible
like you know negative comments I mean
it just it honestly like from the
beginning that was the thing to get used
to like the number of people who send me
stuff about Jews and ovens who don't
even know me personally because I have
an opinion on the Internet
is like you you have to deal with that
one way or the other you know you know
that that I think is the biggest thing
to get used to and people in like my
real life will say oh I saw that hate
mail you got like I can't believe that
and it's like what which one are you
talking about I I've forgotten it or
blocked it out or whatever like that I I
feel like quote civilians just have no
idea how you have to just kind of like
desensitize yourself to that for sure
this is weird I have no context to what
you draw into this the in terms of like
being Jewish do you view certain groups
of people like a different way like it's
really weird for me because like when
I'm dealing with certain people online
you know like people like personally
hate me but I don't like there's not
usually people calling for like my
extinction of like a certain group of
people that I belong to is it weird to
like deal with groups like the alt-right
that you know are like in favor that
think that you like run a big
conspiracies that control the world it's
something that like that hits a little
bit differently or something or I don't
know how strongly identify with a Jew
thing or what how that works it
definitely does I mean let me see I
might even be able to pull up an example
I mean I I'm 100% identify with being
like culturally Jewish and sort of like
the tradition I'm not a religious person
whatsoever sure so you know I don't get
into any religious stuff I don't believe
any of that stuff but yeah I mean when I
get an email from someone who basically
is like it has no bear what I say
doesn't matter it's just like the fact
that I am Jewish is what they see as
disqualifying my opinion that is where
it's like how can I even and get and it
to be clear I don't engage with that I
mean I don't talk about I only talk
about politics on my show
I don't even really like talking about
politics like in my regular life I get
enough of it on my show it's much more
interesting to me to talk about the
business of media than about Trump or
electoral politics in my regular life
and I don't have time to be engaging in
politics by email with viewers and a lot
of them get mad about that but it's like
I'm busy enough doing my show so it's
not that I'm engaging with that but
seeing that stuff come in and the other
thing I also think about is what's going
on in your life that you decide you know
I think I'm gonna send a guy I don't
even know an anti-semitic email over the
Internet like it would never I've never
emailed or engaged with any host of any
show that I've ever seen like it would
never occur to me to try to email
Anderson Cooper because of a segment he
did so I'm also trying to like think
about who are the people that are
sending these screeds but the thing
that's really like interesting is like
you assume that most of these people
like for the most part might be meaning
but like they're not because they go to
this extra level to contact you but the
big thing is like who actually believes
that it's like all right it's Friday all
the Jews are getting together because we
have to have our weekly meetings to
decide like who we're gonna like push
down and whatnot like are you serious
like people not seem like Jewish people
interact like we hate each other for the
most part but still this like thing
exists you know like yeah I mean it's
like honestly I mean it's not it doesn't
even have to be too much about that it
disciplic Flat Earth this applies to
whatever I just feel like I have way too
much going on in my life to even think
about engaging with it in any kind of
substantive way and sort of I kind of
like catalog it I forwarded to the f.b.i
if I think it warrants it and then that
that's sort of it and I'm just kind of
busy doing my thing do you think so I
somebody and then again I cuz I just
have no idea like what your lived
experience is like do you deal with a
lot of anti-semitism like five to ten
years ago or do you think it's gotten
worse is this something that you think
is like only uptick or it's so hard to
say because I feel like I deal with it
as a function of the size of and ten
years ago my audience was a fraction of
what it is now so like as a percentage
of my audience am i dealing with more
anti-semitism now maybe slightly I mean
I think people are definitely more
emboldened under under the current
administration but I don't think
there is necessarily I mean I think it's
it's just in proportion to the size of
my audience quite frankly interesting
okay what are in terms of like managing
your community what cut do you do any
outreach I notice it like in terms of
like online people it seems like you but
the impression that I get is that your
direct interacting with your audience is
fairly limited except you are active on
your subreddit you do actually post
there and respond to posts I see and
it's sometimes even find do you
intentionally like not interact that
much or do you think you do when people
just don't see it in other ways or what
kind of like thoughts do you have in in
regards to associating with your fan
base I guess or Andy basically I mean I
want to be present and visible but it's
totally out of scope to be you know
responding to even like a significant
fraction of the inbound messages that I
get so I'm YouTube I'm basically not
participating it's just not possible I
think we got like 2,500 comments a day
on YouTube and you know people on my
team are sort of like managing what's
going on there we basically don't do any
moderation of content I mean we're just
it's just too time consuming and I
really can't do it so oftentimes people
are like why'd you ban me and it's like
we didn't either a moderator on reddit
did or a youtube moderator or you were
flagged by the community or I I don't
know I mean we really can't do that I
try to just be present a little bit on
every platform I am engaging more
directly on Twitch because people like
you and others have told me that's
what's expected on Twitch and if you
want to succeed on Twitch that's what
you have to do I'll pop in to the
subreddit on Twitter I'm increasingly
following and responding to like my
verified feed because it's just the
regular feed is just a [ __ ] show and I
can't keep up with it it's just you know
the noise to signal ratio is just like
way way too high and by email you know
if people write in because they you know
have like a guest suggestion they have a
business proposal they have a problem
with their membership or whatever I'm
involved but people who are just writing
and wanting to engage in politics by
email I like that that's outside of the
scope of what I can do right now for
sure do you so everybody gives a
different answer on this
do you read comments or social media
interaction at all or do you try your
best to just completely of
no I glanced at it I mean so so you know
each day we put like five clips up on
the next day when I'm like set a time to
actually look at social media stuff I
will look at like what are the most
liked clips on YouTube I will check out
what's on the subreddit I'll look at
Twitter and again usually I'm just
looking at the verified feed I'll
respond to some people so I I have like
a sense of what's going on okay and then
this is also picking up a little bit
what the question Dan was asking so I
noticed it like it's an online
commentator there are stories that I can
cover or there are things that I can
talk about that will get me easy hits
easy views and my fan base will be
ecstatic right I could spend like I
could spend three weeks shooting on
every single thing Trump has said and
people love it for a long time but then
if I might be critical of say like a OCS
chief of staff or something right like
the the responses are a lot either more
muted people don't care or turn
vitriolic very quickly like what are you
doing why you traitor how much do you
let community feedback drive the
decisions that you make for your content
whether it's stories you cover or the
type of content you do well so I did a
segment a couple weeks ago where I
basically admitted that I had been fully
self self censoring on some issues
because there's like relatively little
upside to talking about them and like
anything but glowing segments about any
member of the squad is definitely on
that list talking about the
israeli-palestinian conflict is on that
list talking about Venezuela in anything
but glowing terms about with regard to
Hugo Chavez or Nicolas Maduro is
probably on that list there's a few
things so I mean yes to some degree like
what I'm doing on my show is I'm trying
to pick a combination of stories that
are going to be things that I think are
important that will resonate with my
audience and that will do well because
ultimately like if everything I do
doesn't get any views I don't make any
money and then I go out of business but
I'm making more of like a renewed effort
to just cover what I think is important
in the way I should cover it and
oftentimes the feedback is like not good
and I just deal with it and and that's
it I mean it's like there's so many ways
that we could pick the topics we do it
could be what we'll do best on YouTube
what will remain monetized on YouTube
what will get me more paid members
what's gonna do better on Twitch what
will get me more people contacting me so
it'll get me more online interaction
like ultimately I prefer to just figure
out like what 8 things do I think are
important to talk about today that I can
have some kind of opinion that won't be
the same as everybody else and and
that's what I'm just trying to
increasingly do but yeah I mean what
you're talking about happens to me as
well and it's it's an issue okay um do
you have a again oh yeah so you running
the ad agency right now do you plan on
this being like a major company or you
gonna you just gonna try and keep it
relatively small cover a few people are
you like listen if I keep doing this how
I'm doing it I'm gonna have a hundred
employees possibly take this public like
where's the aspirations go for that no I
don't have aspirations to take it public
I mean here's the thing I I don't I want
that hard to be quite I mean it's like I
I'm thinking of my bit more as a I'm not
thinking about it as a business that
would potentially go public the ad
agency is something that could
potentially be sold at some point ad
agencies and their books of business are
regularly bought and sold that's
exciting because the David Pakman show
is not going to be sold I mean it's just
not it's not a sellable entity in the
sense of I mean okay someone could
basically buy me off of my platforms and
just hire me to host a show for them but
it would have to be extraordinarily
lucrative for me to even consider having
a boss in that way so like that's not
gonna sell so the idea of the ad agency
is that I could actually be developing
like a sellable business and that's
different than what I've been doing for
the last many years are you interested
in in essentially getting how do I say
this creating a business to be sold is a
most people recommend against that I
assume that's not a motivation of doing
the ad agency business know is that just
like after that okay it's an
afterthought it's this is an interesting
thing which if it got big enough could
actually be something that if I no
longer wanted to do could be sold
whereas the show is like I'm hosting the
show so it's just I'm the show basically
potential though for even the David
Pakman show to essentially be acquired
by rights as
right like someone could I mean we have
the Steve Harvey Show I don't think
Steve Harvey owns that show right like
so he might own part of it or something
along those lines but as things grow
there's the potential I assume I do have
desire to go into that to be like a
mass-market type of thing are you just I
want to stay where I am and what again I
mean I think that that that would push
me into having some added boss or
someone overseeing what I do and it you
know it's going well now I like just
having total control over what I'm doing
and how I'm doing it and when I'm doing
it and how much vacation time I take and
all of this stuff so it's not hugely
appealing like the money would have to
be so overwhelmingly crazy to get me to
consider it I mean I think we're talking
about like [ __ ] you money to the point
where you would never have to work again
at that point and for that you would go
nuts oh I have no honestly it's like it
just seems so unlikely that I've not
been not serious of the way I want to
say that it seems unlikely I mean as
your show continues the Grant gain
influence and grow like I mean I think
there's gonna be a lot of people that
are very interested in reaching these
audiences I mean these are new media
formats to a certain extent not so much
YouTube but twitch and things like that
as you grow that like there's a lot of
like eyeballs on this new forms of
communication and when that happens
people go kind of crazy with spending
money to get that content right away I
don't think anybody's actually bought
out like a YouTube channel before there
anything that right I don't think all
right I've not heard of it yeah it would
be interesting but I'm sure it's
happened on like I mean what is it they
don't typically buy the YouTube channel
they buy was it the network that has the
rights to all the channels under e or is
that the MCN or something you're talking
about I think like the most likely thing
is the one the one that Disney bought
the game station
yeah that was I think that's
incorporated it'll like an MCN I think
or something like that's not they don't
actually own like the rights of any of
the people or whatever that I feel like
the most likely scenario would be that
someone comes to me and would say I mean
it's totally happy okay you're you're on
your own YouTube channel you're on
Twitch you're distributing your show to
these 200 radio and TV stations what we
want to do is basically like hire you on
a five-year contract where you stop all
of that you just produce your show for
us and we distribute it how we want
and you no longer are the one directly
choosing like what platforms you're on
that that's the scenario that if I had
to think seems like even remotely
plausible or maybe an investor as well
someone who appreciates your content and
wants to help you to grow do you think
you would yep for that type of thing the
show actually already has investors we
did angel round three and a half years
ago and so that that we already did and
that led to the Boston studio when we
moved from New York and bringing on like
the first full time staff so that that
we already did a bigger round
I just don't think is super interesting
to me right now especially because I
just don't see there being a realistic
exit strategy where again the show would
be sold so I don't I just don't see the
advantage to doing that right now yeah
it certainly it's gonna be a different
type of investor relationship where
they're trying to hope to get their
money back I guess on a monthly or
yearly basis off of net profit versus
the company being sold which is
certainly where most people invest into
it's more of like the coffee table
investor perspective of not looking to
get a thousand x on the moonshot but
just trying to continue to increase
revenues and start collecting
distributions I wanted to ask
specifically how does political content
monetize these days as opposed to non
political content what are the struggles
that you may face for that or not
Facebook so on a CPM basis I have no
idea what not makes so that way not sure
I'm sorry your mic cuts out occasionally
no sometimes on a CPM basis you have no
idea what makes I my I sorry let me just
make sure I'm fully plugged in here CPM
wise I don't know what non-political
stuff makes I just have no idea cuz I'm
only in politics what I can tell you is
that for example this week like any clip
about the shootings just is not
monetized by YouTube it's I know going
in it's not going to be monetized I
still do it because I think it's
important but in that sense there's a
lot of topics like I'm guessing that if
you're in music or you're in makeup or
whatever else there aren't going to be
it's not as likely that there's going to
be content that is just too
controversial to be
by YouTube so that's like an ongoing
challenge that I deal with we spoke in
the start of this show and we're talking
about twitch and how the value to you
was way more than a youtube subscriber
was do you think that it's possible that
twitch could potentially overtake
YouTube and in terms of value to what
you do if it grows how it continues
absolutely I mean I I think that if I
had 700,000 subscribers on twitch based
just on the numbers that I'm seeing so
far twitch would absolutely be more
valuable to me than YouTube just from
the level of engagement the percentage
of the followers that are becoming paid
to subscribers
absolutely do you think so why not try
screaming more regularly but with that
like why are you keeping it so cause I
mean I think hold on just because people
enjoy saying it well so when you say
subscribers on on twitch what what David
probably means is followers usually on
twitch when we say subscribers that
means like a paying viewer no that's
what I mean when is the subscriber to
follow ratio on twitch is significantly
higher than on YouTube yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah okay because some people
thought you meant 700,000 subscribers
which is it would be the largest it
would be insane yeah okay yeah so so if
you ask Stephen or I think pretty much
any other successful streamer what's the
number one most important thing you can
do to be successful on Twitch it's like
not even be funny or be personable or
anything it's literally just stream
every day so I think like if you want to
grow the fastest that would be something
you would have to consider do you have
any plans on this or what's the catalyst
that you're waiting for to start doing
something no I'm not waiting for any I
mean my approach is so you know I've
been on Twitch I guess at this point for
like eight days and I've done four
streams in total and we've been
premiering custom edits of our daily
show on Twitch daily as well and just
testing out different things I mean I am
going to continue putting into it more
and more if we're getting more and more
out of it and sort of a circle and
there's no question that I mean
it's I'm completely willing and
interested in doing that and I see
myself being on twitch more and more as
it continues to grow do you picture
yourself doing additional shows and
bringing on kind of new essentially new
co-hosts and trying to like make
additional political shows so you can
maybe distance yourself or not distance
yourself but grow the political content
like that that way or you pretty much
just resigning the fact that in 50 years
you'll still be doing the show as
yourself I don't know that in 50 years
but you know I mean there were years ago
I started to think about my business as
trying to produce and curate other shows
that I'm not hosting and after dabbling
in it for about a year I decided I just
don't want to do it and I don't want to
do it just because I realized that the
although I can't remove myself from my
show I was more interested in pursuing
the ad agency as a side business than
the production of other shows and
there's less capital overhead for that
there's also just the personality issues
are less and less difficult it's much
easier to deal with staffing issues in
an ad agency than it is with
personalities so you know with peace and
love to everybody who's doing it and
friends that are doing it awesome I'm
not interested in that and I don't see
myself being interested in it anytime
soon what I'm this is a totally random
how good are you at chess do you have
like any low or anything or I'm not that
good
I'm like 1,300 on like you know
10-minute games and like 1,100 and
another way to levan hundred in what
like that's a quicker game's shorter
game you ever play thirty-second no it
was zero and crummy games I have not I
mean I think maybe once is it
yeah those games are very strange people
that Brendan we hammer things out but
we're both so bad at chess it's
embarrassing but it's fun
what do you what's your rating well if I
only play games against Pam I could
probably get up to like 1600 for those
just grinding out one person honestly
it's very very very low I imagine all
right because people on my stream were
saying that you're actually
I'm good when I play my war what are you
started is it 1100 or something 1500
with a question mark on lead chess is
where you start I believe okay if 1500
was like the the average chess player on
likely chess I don't think it's average
but I think it's just that like the
standard provisional rating Oh start
there but you can go down if you've ever
learned anything formally about chess
your life you'll know a lot more than me
that's it but I play quickly and I
usually scream it on what we play and
then he gets nervous and then he runs
out of time and that's usually what I
would like to get better and I've taken
I've take we're yeah wait don't bring it
sorry you know what you guys are also
yeah you guys are also cutting out on
Mayan that's weird I don't know what
would be causing that oh [ __ ]
maybe it's this courts ever but I'm
sorry what we say you said you would
like to learn more or chess whatever I
would like to be better at chess say I
like playing it's like totally different
from what I do in my have you ever
thought about incorporating music at all
into anything you do I was surprised
when we were hanging out with us on to
find out that you that you're like a
drummer like an actual and like you play
like a decent amount well I pitched you
and Fantan Oh an idea whatever we were
supposed to make the band that's gonna
work out or not cuz like I don't I don't
have a studio to record in or whatever
but but don't you just have like you can
record yourself on keys right yeah I
mean theoretically I can play a keyboard
yeah I don't know what we would actually
do or who would write music for us but
mostly the name of the children of the
lie yeah Peters and thing yeah yeah okay
I think it's a good idea but in any case
yeah I don't know people have said I
should play drums on stream but it sound
that interesting mm-hmm yeah it seems
like it would be hard to incorporate
into stuff yeah political conversation
I'm not really sure how you would do it
no I don't know
yeah is there any other business for
they disturb you can think of or we
throw on the random curveball political
questions Daniel Disney stuff no no wait
if you had any like amazing like
business stories or anything like that
that's happened in your past anything of
value it is one
you almost got invested by I don't know
Zuckerberg or something but I do have
one story and I have to be sort of
careful but let me think about this I've
never told this story before
so years ago when I lived in New York
City and my show was way way way smaller
we're like the amount of money that
would have pulled me away from my show
was much much smaller I was contacted by
an online news start-up that at the time
didn't even exist like it had just
gotten investor funding and it wasn't
anything yet now everybody who follows
online news would know what brand this
is but I'm not gonna say it and they
said David were interested in you can
you come meet with us and I was such a
novice in business at the time that I
said I need uh I need like
representation to come with me
so I contacted like the only talent
manager that I knew at the time so I had
no frame of reference as to whether this
person knew what they were doing or not
I really hope this doesn't people don't
figure out what I'm talking about here
and so I said I'm gonna bring this
manager with me because I'm gonna appear
more professional and it's just like
there could be negotiations and this is
just gonna help me and this person was
so abrasive and got along so poorly with
the people that were pursuing me that it
instantly torpedoed any chance of me
being hired by this company and later
they basically just kind of like ghosted
me and later once the person who had
reached out to me no longer worked there
I was able to say to him can you level
with me like was it because I brought
that manager with me that nothing
happened and he said yeah it was like
that person just everybody was so put
off by that person that we were just
like we can't work with David Pakman
because of that and honestly like I
don't know that it was a bad thing in
retrospect I think if I had been working
for that company because of how that
company has kind of like gone since I
don't think I'd be particularly happy I
would have bosses I can probably have
like I'd be on my 10th boss so I'm
actually glad it didn't work out but it
was just a huge mistake on my part and
now I just try to represent myself
does that person know yeah they
torpedoed it I don't think that the
person ever found out was never getting
a deal yeah was he ever somebody that
you did more work with or was that just
like a one-time thing you kind of
reached out to him right well I didn't
say whether it was he or she but it is
someone that I did a bit of work with
monitor I like that and I did I worked
with them like once more and you know we
don't we don't really talk anymore okay
interesting
yeah I'm more interested on that it
didn't say he was he or she that's like
so again anyway we're respecting the
anonymity Jesus yeah I'm just saying
he's been trained like Inception style
of things not to say these are these
moments it's not for any like trans
rights thing I just deliberately kept
gender out oh yeah arson be clear
alright fine we can go off into
political memes I know this is what
Stephen is oh no I do they're just
random thing I think we're mostly
focused on business um I think but I
think we covered like most of the things
I mean going forward so it seems like
for the most part I I - I've grown
similar to you like it's just been a
gradual thing I think I actually prefer
it rather than like you have like your
one explosive moment that plummets you
are not plummets here I guess uh propels
you went to the spot like like it's cool
to have like that slow steady gradual
growth it feels more earned and things
feel more real or tangible rather than
having like an explosive moment and then
you're worried it's all gonna fall away
so yeah yeah and then the slow growth
continuing I mean we look for it
obviously to seeing you continue into
which I think would be like really cool
be careful covering the debates I think
you got nabbed the first night you did
the CNN debate did you yeah yeah I don't
know if you heard about this or not but
on the second night me Hasan [ __ ] and
another guy trihex we all got DMC aid by
CNN and we got taken down yeah yeah so
it's a scary world out there have you so
what are the repercussions of that so I
know that you you couldn't speak yes
other well so you get a 24 hour
suspension from the site and if you
collect three of those DMCA's you are
permanently banned okay wait is that
three over a period of time or for a
lifetime of a period of time is the heat
death of the universe so no that's not
good that's
yeah that's time you took big you're
huge deal do you have any more I only
have one but yeah it's really scary
because actually I don't want to even
get a single one because I don't know
there's like a weird meta where if I had
to copyright strikes I think I would
have to quit streaming on Twitch because
there's this really weird rule on twitch
where if you're banned you're not
allowed to show up on anybody else's
stream so if you're close to getting
banned it might be a better business
decision to stop streaming on Twitch and
then go stream in another platform so
that you can still talk to people on
Twitch because if you keep streaming
that you get permanently banned then
you've cut off all that collaboration
opportunities keep going as well yeah
that was I - I guess everyone say yeah
but yeah it's pretty
Wow yeah what's your strategy for
getting people to remember to reach
Prime subs I stream especially this
month like ten hours a day so if it
comes up you're watching like you know
it but like it really does come down
sometimes to a function of time to where
like the more you stream the more people
see you the more they've got you baked
into their schedule the more likely our
to subscribe to you because they're
giving you a ton other time and it's a
you know I guess a worthwhile trade of
their money for for your content you
know gotcha mm-hmm
let's see oh okay well now that we have
you for random political questions you
did a did you do a prep to help Hassan
get ready to debate rank I think he did
today for capitalism was that I mean I'm
sort of like 20 minutes before he said I
mean I said I'm streaming I'll just help
and then on stream he told me what it
was and I was completely unprepared for
it so I don't know that I really did him
any favors but yes I mean I sort of in
some kind of like informal way advised
him of how I would kind of like approach
what he was gonna do I have no clue how
it went or if it's even online already
or anything I think it was being I think
I saw it earlier today I think they did
it like I think it might have been over
like an hour ago like very recently I
think okay do you in terms of like
political positions I know it's so hard
to like do labels these days but like
all you can do you consider stuff like a
sock dam or like a traditional Democrat
or like what do you think your fault
yeah I'm a Social Democrat I'm a social
demographic okay this I don't get to
talk to other Jewish people at politics
much so because Dan he only plays video
games and does business stuff deal is
that like a different experience or
I don't well I don't know because I
don't have like I don't have that low
person people because anti-semitism is
such a weird thing today and I don't
have any lived experiences with with any
anti-semitic stuff because I'm not
Jewish I don't have that experience
right I'm curious and then a lot of this
stuff I don't even think about because
because I don't have that lived
experience at all do you ever feel I
have fans that point this out to me and
especially somebody did related to like
the Labour Party in the UK especially
and then some of the stuff going on to
the left here do you ever feel like when
progressives or people on the Left talk
about Israel do you ever feel like
sometimes there are some anti-semitic
like undertones in what's being said or
I'm curious how you engage with that
when it comes to people on the left like
what are your thoughts oh absolutely I
mean listen you have to be really
careful with this mm-hmm
this is why I often don't talk about
this because everyone will just be
basically displeased with my position my
position is criticism of Israeli foreign
policy is not inherently anti-semitic
I'm supporting the Israeli BDS movement
which I don't support is not inherently
anti-semitic but it is functionally a
cover for anti-semitism for many people
that doesn't mean everybody yeah and
every time I talk about this I'll get
emails from people saying David how dare
you say that it is anti-semitic and it's
like well I didn't say it is I said it
can be a cover it provides cover for
some people yeah it feels really weird
we're like and especially happens I'm
sure it's happened to you but like
sometimes you'll come out in support of
a political position and then other
people will be rallying alongside you
but then you kind of like look sideways
and you see their rhetoric or you're
like wait a second I'm not and and it
happens a lot with the with the Israeli
stuff like I would consider myself to be
probably pro-palestinian anti Israeli
you know like I don't know if you say
like foreign policy or military policy
whatever stuff that goes on there but
then when people come out and it's like
you know Israeli soldiers the IDF are
literal savages they just want to like
rape and murder people's like damn like
I don't know if I would go that far yeah
makes me the stuff related to Ilhan some
of the things that she says like make me
really especially cuz I've spent so much
time debating the alright and then like
you know some people try to say tweets
that like I know they're it's really all
but like the whole idea of like Israel
has hypnotized the world like I look at
stuff like that and I'm like
Jesus like hot ah no man if Richard
Spencer said that you know I wouldn't
hesitate for a second to say like this
is obviously some alt right like
anti-semitic [ __ ] yeah I mean well I
don't know which part you wanted me to
react you specifically but yeah yeah we
don't have a shitty way oh no no no
we're gonna have to dig into those two
deeply okay like I said I guess it's a
different experience for you because I
don't have to deal with this like well
it's different for me in that no matter
you're completely blinded by being
Jewish again alright yeah we're gonna we
can uh we can move past move in all
seriousness though is my microphone
cutting out because if it is just cut
out as you're saying that but it's
working out for you - it's something
listen I think it's the overlords I mean
I'm gonna try to switch real quick I'm
just gonna click the disc wing to switch
the server and maybe that'll change it a
little bit okay I'm switching to you a
central ok hello hello all right we'll
see you're not out of sync anymore your
mouth moves okay in terms of in terms of
like how the primaries and everything
are shaping up what I like your general
thoughts I guess on the debates on which
candidate you think is doing better are
there like any surprise candidates that
like what would you like your general
thoughts on that I mean no no to all of
it it's just basically I mean like okay
if you look historically very frequently
whoever's winning in August of the year
before and being the nominee that's
number one
when it's not the person who's leading
at this point it's definitely someone
who's in the top few so basically
everyone who's polling 2% or less right
now it would be completely a historical
for them to be the nominees a lot of
them should start getting out a lot of
them aren't going to be allowed into the
third debate anyway because they're not
going to meet the requirements the
second debate basically changed nothing
like Biden's polling didn't change you
know there's all sorts of people who are
like my one percenter is all of a sudden
gonna be in this thing as soon as they
debate it's like they're all still at 1%
yeah Bernie lost a couple points I think
Warren
I mean it's like the debates don't
really let all the debates are are who
is best prepared with some kind of kill
shot moment gotcha moment that they're
gonna try to execute because you can't
really talk in depth about policy during
those debates like the format doesn't
allow it the moderators frame the
questions and in absurd ways just to try
to foment like petty disagreements
between people and get people to attack
other candidates so the debates are sort
of like they're just political theater
you're not really gonna learn much about
policy so I mean like that that's it I
don't think we're until we get fewer
people on the stage we're not really
going to know in more depth what the
candidates believe unless you actually
go to their websites and read their
platform which very few people seem
willing to do yeah Dee for the next line
of debates I think they said it's
probably gonna be narrowed down to like
I think like eight or nine people at the
most depending yeah blast I looked at
like based if it were today I think it
would be there would be like seven or
eight people who have made it and
there's some who are borderline it'll
depend on the polling in the next month
and if they hit the number of donors do
you know if they have nine coming up I
don't I don't know if you have special
information or if you follow this I
haven't been able find answers are they
gonna do like two debates with five
people each or is it just gonna be one
more stage full of nine people again do
you think my thought was that if it's
ten or fewer it's just one night but I
don't know oh that sucks cuz narrowing
the field then doesn't really make the
debates any better it just still I think
if it's seven or eight on one stage
we're still better off in particular
because then you're still getting people
who have a shot talking like that's the
thing even if you still have eight
people on stage if all eight of those
people have at least like two percent
support that's better than people with
0.3 who get you know 15 minutes to talk
or whatever then I'm all for a ton of
candidates but it's like clear at this
point that a lot of these people are
going nowhere for sure is there like a
particular candidate that you're kind of
pulling for right now or I'm mean my
politics are like Bernie Warren politics
so that that's that's really my area
I've been interviewing Andrew yang for
more than a year and I think a lot of
his policies are interesting and I've
been finding his campaign really really
compelling in a lot of ways I think it's
not appearing as though he's really
going to be a contender so I'm really
paying attention to like can Bernie and
Warren consolidate the progressive
support R is the progressive movement
better
by having both of them together at one
time at a certain point if one of them
is going to defeat Biden the progressive
support will have to consolidate around
one of them and like what are the
mechanisms that will allow that to
happen when should that happen I don't
know but I'm their politics are
basically the most in line with mine
okay do you think that if Biden takes
like I don't know Harris or Warren or
something as a VP that it's basically
you know it's over at that point if once
one of them can see it's as far as that
do you think that one of these I'm sure
I know what you mean if one of these
candidates drops out like so
hypothetically if we were to get like
Kamala
to drop out tomorrow and say that she
was gonna and then bite and say hey come
all is gonna be my VP do you think
there's enough leeway for Sanders or any
of these other teams to make up that
ground and compete er I don't know that
that's typically done that at such an
early stage usually it's only candidates
who have no shot who try to get some
attention by naming their VP really
early but it's basically not done so I
would be sure I don't know how I would
react I would be shocked if that
happened but I don't expect that to
happen okay um what's the I guess kind
of all the closing stuff what's like
what's like the next big thing that
you're involved in the next big thing
you have any big like well they're
planning anything coming up for I guess
I'm trying to figure out whether I will
or won't be at Politico in Nashville in
October
wait why wouldn't you go I just don't I
don't have a deal right now formalized
so they've announced the event it's in
October in Nashville but I don't have
anything signed that I'm going to be
there so I'm hoping to finalize that
soon and announce that hopefully you
should do it 100% yeah I mean it's just
I'm just waiting for them honestly I
don't even know what kind of like what's
going on my manager is talking to them
and I don't know I think that it's like
a whole new staff this year and we
pitched them a couple of ideas I don't
know if they like them but that's the
next big thing to announce like as an
in-person thing okay cool and then
what's the next big like what's like the
next big like political thing you're
looking forward to I don't know twitch
what else know I mean I guess the debate
the next the next set of debates smaller
you know fewer people on stage we're
going on like David Pakman show summer
break in ten days and then we'll be back
and just be doing a lot of live
streaming coverage of debates in-person
events I've got a gig in Rochester I'm
giving a keynote address at the
grassroots radio conference if anybody
will be in Rochester New York in October
you can google that try to think I guess
that's really it just doing the show
okay awesome yeah you have any final
questions down I answered all my okay
cool well hey we really appreciate you
coming on it's been fun good luck in
your future adventures and in your I
guess like your Twitter stuff so yeah
alright thanks I'll forward you guys
anti-semitic emails I get it have a good
man we'll catch you guys alright see you
guys yeah thanks talk soon bye shadow
banning and [ __ ] like that
which is our diamond and Felix
appearance before cut yeah exactly I
mean
