okay Mike I love you okay I could call
you a lot of names right now I I'm not
gonna call you mean names I genuinely I
genuinely just want to get inside your
head okay so help me help me understand
this okay sure
Mike do you really think that I think
that child Point is a good thing well I
was just looking at the stream
okay watched it you were talking about
how viewing child porn doesn't make like
some therapeutic for children I'm
paraphrasing horribly
I mean therapeutic for a child will had
to feel pedophiles that make them not
want to molest children or the help them
get over it
I botched what you said very terribly
but that was the gist I got didn't I
qualify that with a few other things
like didn't I say unlike what the
research would say like that would
determine how I would feel about that do
you really think that I would be okay
with just like passing out child porn to
everybody do you really think this Mike
no that's not that's not the question I
posed I posed that even giving it to
convicted paedophiles in the hopes of
helping them is still wrong and it
creates a hole I didn't say this in the
tweets because there's the character
limit but it creates a whole slew of
problems because it's just opening up a
can of worms okay Mike let me let me
pose a question to you okay let's say
that a researcher goes up to you and he
says hey we've done some studies and
what we found is that if we bring a
pedophile in and we're giving them
treatment via therapy to control their
urges if we make child pornography
available to them what we find is that
they have half the likelihood of abusing
a child would you tell that researcher
well okay if that's 100 percent what the
research says then you should
incorporate that as part of your
treatment or would you say no you still
shouldn't do that that's assuming yes
making some assertions sure yeah
and I can't answer that question of is
just an assumption ascetical because
it's a hypothetical I mean I could
answer it yeah well what would you have
to be I would have to see the research
okay let me saw the research and the
research agreed with the person would
you then be okay with it no I still
would not so you would say no I actually
want more children to get raped that
would be what you would say no I would
say that we need to have harsher
restrictions on okay it's already let
rape a child Mike what I would say is we
need to find ways to figure out who
these people are we we need to figure
out other ways of resolving the problem
other than just I'm not I'm not the
government I'm not the policymakers but
we need to have a better method than
giving them legal I shoud form because
then the problem exists that it's child
form reviewing a video of a child being
raped okay what that Internet's of
itself is a problem there that that that
that video of a child being raped exists
yeah of course but part of the
qualifications of this was that the
researcher would confront people who'd
already been through this with a child
porn was already made they wouldn't be
commissioning new child porn they would
just be using material that's already
out there so we wouldn't be making new
child porn we would be using stuff
that's already out there I don't
understand how you can think that this
is worse than more caving rope yeah of
course it doesn't necessarily mean that
kids aren't gonna be raped no but if the
guy could tell you that the likelihood
of this pedophile raping a child is
going to be 50% if we expose him to this
material that's already been made why
would you say no I would rather there be
a greater risk of more children being
raped than by doing this type of therapy
if if it did come down to the researcher
saying that I would say let's do
research to find other methods of this
so you would say no I
criminal so you would say no so you
would want more children to be raped
rather than to use previously existing
child porn well this is a hypothetical
situation so we can't say that more
children regrets is what the
hypothetical entails that more children
would be raped so would you be okay with
it so if you had to choose between it's
a very very narrow hypothetical yeah
sure because I'm trying to figure out
what your values are so if the
researcher says we could have them watch
Boldt child porn or we could increase
the likelihood that they go and rape
kids which one would you choose I would
say just give them the needle kill them
I don't believe pedophiles even does if
they're a convicted pedophile I don't
believe in their right to be free or
anything I would say either keep them in
prison or so we're not talking about a
child abuser we're talking about a
pedophile not somebody that's already
raped a child just somebody that has the
tendency towards being sexually aroused
by children now somebody that's actually
raped a child just just somebody that
has that attraction so would you say I
would say they need to get their [ __ ]
together or else they're gonna go to
prison or that would be your treatment
you would say researchers just tell
pedophiles to get their [ __ ] together
that's yours
yes that would I mean I'm not I'm not
the person to makes up all these
policies and stuff I'm just a guy who
does a nine-to-five job so I can't have
the responsibility thrust it onto my
shoulder figure out how to stop a
pedophile from raping a child all I can
say is why is rape a child no one is
talking about watching a pedophile
trying to rape a child even if this
research was true you would still
disagree with it but not but now you're
telling me you don't want that
responsibility I don't understand no
because this is a hypothetical research
okay let me get to my I actually have a
source that talks about it's a time calm
source times is okay there but I trust
this article because this article
you can't politicize this article and it
talks about okay how child pornography
despite the banning and production of
the despite man the production and
distribution of child pornography in
1999 Japan is the last organization and
blah blah blah basically it's saying I
don't want to read off the whole article
uh-huh but it's saying that okay here we
go
Japan is known as an international hub
for the production and trafficking of
child pornography according to a 2013
u.s. Department of State humans right
report in 2012 the police reported
investigations involving 1264 child
victims featured in pornography a 98
percent increase from the previous year
so Japan lets people view child
pornography now the child pornography
well this is saying that there is actual
child pornography but I do know that
Japan has a low age of statutory rape
and many in some areas but they do allow
Wiley porn which is basically an a
fictional child porn depictions of
children having sex and stuff and
according to this article there is an
uptick in child victims okay so that
would mean that having legalized shallow
porn would not resolve the issue for all
you don't know that that's not what this
article says yeah saying that right here
there is an an increase in child victims
a 98 percent increase but you don't know
if getting rid of child porn would cause
that increase to happen even faster you
don't have the counterfactual to that
you're just making well it doesn't
matter doesn't matter what happies them
it's like it's like saying if that's
like saying oh well we shouldn't
criticize terrorists because the
terrorists might want to attack us more
I mean you shouldn't have to worry about
criticizing terrorists we shouldn't have
to worry
about having child porn out there
because there's a very very very small
minority of sick people who want to
molest children we should we are a
modern society we should be able to find
ways to we either prevent them from
doing it or helping them if they desire
the help what if what if there was a
rehabilitation program for terrorists
were part of that rehabilitation was
shooting guns at posters of civilians
and we found that by doing that that
food therapy and through getting them to
not want to kill civilians anymore
that if we got them to shoot at some
posters the chances of actually going
out and shooting civilians would be
slightly would be incredibly decreased
who do you think I'd be okay or not okay
that's a hypothetical that's correct
yeah it is I don't like arguing
hypotheticals wiping this Center I have
to fall because the high it's kind of a
leading thing if a leading question you
know the purpose of a hypothetical
results it results and results in me
giving you the answer you like no don't
necessarily I'm just trying to figure
out what your values are that my irie
told you my values my math is right now
your values are your pro child rape if
it means less child porn that's so I'm
trying to ask hypothet
that's that's in your very narrow
hypothetic no that's in real world that
you're telling me that if a researcher
told you that making child porn
accessible to pedophiles decrease the
number of children being raped you would
be against that so you are for children
getting raped if it means less child
porn being consumed by panels how is
that not exactly what you're telling me
okay
first two things first mmm-hmm question
the situation you posed I'm repeating
discs at this moment but it's a
hypothetical so it has no basis in
reality he only has a basis in the
reality of this question so the second
so that we are a modern society I don't
know we are modern society it's to do
with anything means we are we are a
thousand we are thousands of years old
as humans and we shouldn't
we shouldn't handhold and pander to sick
criminals nor nay he's talking about
fetishes okay very sick there you go
little better well that that that
answers the question we shouldn't have
to pander to sick fetish people with
sick fetishes solely because it might in
a hypothetical world prevent them from
touching a child the facts should be you
shouldn't touch a child because if you
do it's already illegal to catch a child
you can't make it go exactly exactly
it's already illegal so the goal should
be to find out how to make people do it
less right because clearly just making
it illegal doesn't stop people from
doing it okay well you could you could
ask you could have that two different
ways there's two different ways to do
that I mean you could say how to make
them touch less children or be less
attracted to children or how to give
them a good enough deterrent
I think the deterrent method is a lot
better what did you oh I would say if
you got if if you got caught if you got
convicted of touching a child and it's I
mean stone-cold proof castration and I
believe that is a very good to turn I
believe after the first few crash
durations pedophiles are gonna be like
huh
I better not touch a child so what about
people who are gay who were castrated
you know a hundred years ago for being
gay did that stop all the people from
being gay or we didn't live a thousand
years ago a hundred years ago I'm sorry
there were people somewhat recently that
were chemically castrated for being
homosexual oh there's a really famous
science dude I can't remember the [ __ ]
was it that oh god he worked on code
computer [ __ ] enigma [ __ ] I think oh my
god who am i think i've fallen someone
will tell me Alan Turing yeah like
somewhat recently um this guy was
chemically castrated for I'm pretty sure
for being gay like this isn't thousands
of years ago and I didn't keep people
from being gay so why he's gay is is not
wrong
cuz you're not touching a child it's not
about whether it's right other I know
it's about whether or not we can make
people does not be something that they
are well it is that in a son it's not
can it be a person is okay okay no it
wasn't in depending on what you lived
being gay wasn't okay people would hate
you for it or condemn you for okay you
know what I mean is with our current
view of view of being gay it's okay to
be gay now and there is nothing there
but there back then there was they
believed it yeah and they tried to
chemically castrate people and it didn't
work well there's a lot more gay people
than there are pedophile any what's the
percentage of the population that are
pedophile
man I have no clue it's a while it's
very low percentage how many percent
okay if that doesn't matter cos being
gay is okay you you just said that there
are more gay people than pedophiles but
you don't know it oh yeah there's
definitely I don't need the numbers to
say that so that there's definitely more
gay we do though because when you say
more that's a comparison between two
numbers if you don't know what either
number is happiness or more if there's
more pedophiles than gay people in
America then we have a lot of problems
in this country okay
back to my original point when they told
gay people they would chemically
castrate them for being gay who didn't
make gay people stop being gay why do
you think so why do you think
threatening pedophiles with chemical
castration would make them stop being
pedophiles because you're equating two
different types of people no they're
just both side little attractions why
would yeah and one sexual attraction is
a hundred percent mad okay but that's
not this person is sexual gay people
aren't attracted to gay people because
it's okay like they think I know I know
that but I'm talking society views gay
people nowadays is being okay Society
does not view pedophiles as being okay
so we shouldn't pander
the pedophile and yes if they did
chemically castrate gay people back then
that's what society viewed
of course it in stop them then why would
it stop files it would be a good enough
deterrent because there's not I would
say that there's way less pedophiles and
there are okay people
all right well it's it's a crime let's
just take them right just let's just
take a minute and think about this for a
second okay
gay people have an attraction towards
other men right if you're gay in a man
right that's correct okay and that's
like an intrinsic thing they don't ask
society if it's okay that's just
something they personally are born with
right and it's definitely insurance if
you are a pedophile that's definitely
well let's do it we're not gonna jump
ahead yeah intrinsic too so gay people
have an intrinsic desire to be attracted
towards other men that's not given to
them by society right that's correct a
pedophiles have an intrinsic desire
towards children prepubescent children
that's not given to them by society
correct that's correct
okay so if threatening gay people with
chemical castration didn't get rid of
their intrinsic desires
why would threatening pedophiles with
castration get rid of their intrinsic
desires okay well there's another thing
here
chemically castrating gay people back
then stop working because we stopped
doing it now assuming so now you're
saying it did work it would have worked
if we kept doing it and we're much more
forceful about it nobody hate it's okay
we already had an uncle castration
though and there were still twice it out
of people but there were till still gay
people even when we did chemical
castration that's well being gay is a
lot more common whatever it doesn't
let's just focus on the kidding if you
went through high school do you realize
how many people you talk to that we're
gay like I could I could go talk to like
I could go message one of my random
friends that I've known for this is a
ram baby and you'd be like I'm gay this
is irrelevant it doesn't matter it's
irrelevant all I'm saying is that we
tried chemically castrating gay people
there were still plenty of gay people
who didn't get rid of them at all or
make them stop being gay because people
fought for them people fought for the
right to know it's not it's because they
were gay it's just who they were and yes
yeah there's and yeah you can just get
rid of me so they went on ahead no no
you keep saying it was okay to be gay
that we didn't agree on that gay people
are intrinsically game not because they
get permission from society to be gay
yeah I never said that well you just
said that they were gay because Society
said it was okay for them to be gay
well so yeah Society said it was okay
for them to be gay but they were
chemically Casper they were still gay or
to being open about there were still
gays when they were being chemically
castrated yeah exactly they were still
game on the beer in chemically castrate
so they're still gonna be nullified so
there's still gonna be pedophiles with
chemical castration yeah but it's going
to make people not want to go loss a
child when they go see that Jimbo who
touched a child got chemically castrated
and is in prison it's gonna be a
deterrent so even though that is files
already go to prison and get raped and
murdered that's not a deterrent but
chemical castration is not enough
returned I don't know I think we should
go farther in a chemical castration I
was thinking actual cutting off their
dick and balls do you think that's a
real human way to approach the the legal
system and that up there if they're
convicted pedophile I really don't care
do you think that people that steal
things should have their hands cut off
no because that's stealing things that's
different than touching a child are you
I notice that you've got Trump 2020 in
your profile are you auntie Sharia law I
am definitely not for sure okay because
what you're describing kind of sounds
like that you're talking about literally
chopping people's dicks off as
punishment for a crime do you think
maybe you might see what it is sure do
you think you might be a little Pro
Sharia law then if you're into that kind
of stuff
why not because I I disagree with a lot
of things which your law I mean just
because you have similarities as I mean
it's the same thing yeah but this idea
of retribution of cutting somebody's
dick off Alliance far more closely with
a fundamentalist like Muslims person's
view of the law than like the United
States legal system you could you could
have a couple right ideas and not
believe with the general it's not about
right ideas in the United States we have
laws against cruel and unusual
punishment castration or cutting
somebody's dick off would easily fall
under that so it sounds the average of
the US legal system
I'm just curious then if you
moral pariah that I'm not like some
person in a powerful position
I'm not somehow I'm not a politician I'm
not some person that I'm saying you
should look up to that's just my opinion
my opinion is we should cut off the
