advantage investment accounts but you
cannot just take [ __ ] loans against
the but you can order these types of
energy to count videogames what do you
got for me buddy oh I was just
contending with your argument that AOC
is economically illiterate
oh I mean she is but we can talk about
stock buybacks in particular if you want
alright so what is your contention that
she's a just state for that for the
stream rather than wasting time for me
like characterizing what you believe I'm
sure so LS he throws around a lot of
numbers and she acts like they're
comparable or something but in reality
they have really nothing to do with one
another it's kind of like when Trump
talks are like oh we've got like we've
got a big match okay sure so Ava seemed
particularly talked about how what was a
company stood 500 billion in stock
buybacks but didn't spend that much on
R&D therefore it's bad or something or
did more stock buybacks in R&D so it's
bad or something when these two things
don't really have much to do with one
another so yeah I don't know it
basically she saw one number was big
when number was smaller and she said
therefore bad alright so okay so let's
deal with this one by one would you
agree that the same pool of money that's
used for stock buybacks is also used for
research and development yeah so in
order so there's a cap on how much R&D
can be spent and it's a there's a cap on
how much stock buybacks can take place
based on the cash that corporation
controls yeah so you could in fact say
that by spending on stock buybacks
you're not spending on our ID that is
actually logically consistent kind of
but only if you don't really understand
what's going on so a company isn't going
to just buy back stock or throw out
money and dividends if there are
positive investments that they can make
into R&D right even if we believe that a
Pyrrhic assertion that you're making
what's your evidence the entire
structure of how a company is set up
okay no no okay though okay this is
great now we can find the rub of what
your what your not apparent occur wait
AOC says that what's happened is prior
to the Reagan administration stock
buybacks were not permitted prior to
that for most of American history they
were for a brief moment in like 30 or 40
years we banned stock buybacks
particular 30
for two years that had the best wage
growth the lowest disparity between C
CEO and executive pay and worker pay the
fact that we had please don't kiss
gallop me you love to connect a lot easy
C I'd let you do this with the
manufacturing point that was totally not
true just stick to this one topic okay
you do this thing like yeah I understand
this was an unprecedented growth in
American [ __ ] history it was also
post-world War two where the entire
[ __ ] world was destroyed and America
was the only industrialized nation left
standing with intact infrastructure
there's a lot of reasons why American
Groot why America grew to try to pin
that all on stock buybacks is really
really not true so let's focus on this
one narrow issue of 30 years the world
was recovering I'm saying that if the
entire can we please focus on this one
area okay I promise this narrative
doesn't work okay just this one area but
the point is prior okay so in the New
Deal era of broad-based growth this was
illegal okay I don't care though that's
not relevant but go for it so you're
saying that it's like some sort of
necessity but it's not it was a rule
change done in the Reagan administration
among many other rule changes that have
led to greater inequality in our economy
number one number two I'm so your
assertion it was that she was wrong but
that's not the case okay okay now I
remember my point my point was this so
here's what happens executive
compensation has shifted away from
direct wages to equity based
compensation that is direct shares and
stock option contracts that is given to
executives to have them have them
incentivize increases in the stock price
uh-huh we agree with that right away
from just giving them ten million dollar
check you give them a five hundred
thousand dollar check and you give them
nine million dollars in stock options
yeah and so what that incentivizes is
the executives to increase the share
price so that they can exercise their
options and sell and because they're
there now that creates an adverse
interest in the company no it doesn't
that actually the whole row don't please
let's please let me explain please
please before you trigger the [ __ ] I
mean okay the reason why this is done is
to is not to create an adverse interest
this is to align the interest of these
shareholders and the CEO that is why
this is
why so what it does is it incentivizes
people to manipulate theirs to time
their sale of shares with a short-term
stock price so when you buy back stocks
that creates a short-term rise in the
share price and if you know when that
share price is going to rise you can
structure your sale of your options or
exercise of your options or sale of your
securities during that short that spike
and so what it does is the company as
you rightly point out why would they buy
back shares if they have productive
investments to make well they wouldn't
they would if the interest of the person
making the decision is different than
the company that's what I'm explaining
we say there's why would a Board of
Directors allow a CEO to do that why
would a board of directors just sit by
explaining it explaining it
the connected people both in the
boardroom and in the executive suite can
time their sale of shares based on this
manipulation wrong absolutely you would
get absolutely [ __ ] by the SEC you're
trying to do is schedule it all you have
to do is schedule it I'm gonna sell
shares I'm gonna sell shares two weeks
from now and then and by the way we know
this from studies is that the difference
between stock buybacks and dividends is
stock buybacks are highly irregular
whereas dividends are usually long-term
and they stay established for the most
part so a company is known as being a
dividend-paying companies so people who
want to give it an income by that shot
stock where stock buybacks come from
like short term cash infusions for
example that Trump Trump tax cut the
vast majority of that Trump at corporate
tax cut went into stock buybacks a lot
of these points have literally nothing
to do with one another it's like we're
just we go okay what what should a
company do if it's sitting along a lot
of money instead of doing a stock
buyback they should invest what if there
are no projects to invest in it wait are
you is it your assertion that there's
nothing productive to invest in
pharmaceutical industry - no you can
mean to be cured okay if you have
somebody that studies econ and your
chatter my chair we can bring them in
but I'm gonna get to trigger during this
conversation like in order for me to but
here's so here's my argument my argument
is that the interests of the
shareholders and the CEO are aligned to
stock purchases this is the whole reason
why CEO compensation is done via stock
via stock options rather than through
wage compensation is to keep a CEO from
pillaging a company taking a big wage
and then leaving that's why you give
them options to incentivize them to care
about the long term growth of the
company if you disagree with that and
you're saying well actually in a highly
conspiratorial and you could set up to
perfectly sell back your options at a
time when you artificially somehow boost
the share of a company and the SEC
doesn't catch anybody doing this and all
the shareholders are ok with I have to
buy into so much conspiracy to believe
in your world or it's nothing there is
absolutely there is
but the absolutely is no there is it and
by the way of throwing conspiratorial on
it it does not find an argument my dude
no it's not but it's a pretty simple
Occam's razor or Occam's razor where
like it's pretty easy to see why stock
buybacks are and it's pretty obvious oh
my god oh here's the thing dude
is your do you not agree that it could
cause it okay let me let me build my
hypothetical and you'll see if it makes
sense if I have shares in a company and
I have a pool of money that's not mine
say it's the company's money and I can
spend the company's money to raise the
share price and then I can sell the
shares when it spikes would I do that is
that rational assume away all the
literally the options that a CEO has
they're not generally able to execute
those immediately right it takes some
time after they've left the company for
them to be able to do it firstly
secondly nothing that you just said
couldn't be exactly applied to dividends
let's say I'm sitting on a billion
dollars cash right say I can buy 50% of
my shares for a billion dollars so I
doubled the price of all the existing
shares well what if I just paid out a
billion dollars in dividends it's more
or less the same thing say for the fact
other text I mean either way you're
returning money to shareholders Oh
bunch of reasons that's not true again
stock okay when you buy stock when you
buy back stock it causes a rise in the
price on the exchange people who hold
the shares for long term do not see a
return until they sell so stock buybacks
only incentivize selling of the stock if
you maintain your your investment there
it's just paper gains those are not
actions for you just described every
single capital gain in the market are
just paper gains until you sell so what
what the point is you're saying it's the
same thing whereas it's not a dividend
actually puts money in
to their account all I'm saying is the
difference is how they're taxed because
if they're significant the difference is
handheld their tax because dividends if
you have an investment account
oftentimes you immediately reinvest the
dividends anyway so it's not actually
like for anybody here that has an
environment of your whoa I'm sure most
of the people in Cheddar listen to have
investor makeups a lot of the times you
automatically just reinvest the
dividends so for more or less it's the
exact same say for how it's taxed okay
except for the part where one if you
just want you to do with your money is
your decision if you decide to spend
that money on reinvesting good for you
you could also take that money and hold
it in cash
and you can do the same with a stock
buyback if you want you can sell some of
your shares that are your shares what's
the difference between selling your
shares they're just getting the money as
a dividend because you own the companies
if you sell your shares you no longer
have an interest in the company and if
you get paid a dividend you don't have
that non non diluted interest in the
company as well it's the same thing Mike
if I could if I can buy back if I buy
back my shares if I buy back half my
shares and you get twice the price or if
I pay you a dividend that's the exact
same in cash and you take that dividend
and you buy shares on the company to
double the amount of shares you have
it's effectively the same thing but
here's the thing effectively is doing a
lot of work you could call it at that
sentence No
okay let's say there are 10 shares of a
company okay
all of them are $1 each there are five
shareholders or let's say that there are
10 outstanding shares in this company
their attention airs okay
I could and let's say I have 10 dollars
in profit I could buy back half the
shares so now if I own one share okay
now I have $2 how many shareholders are
there now five shareholders and or well
10 shareholders their attention holders
okay ten outstanding shares ten
shareholders okay all in there $1 a pop
right and then you buy the share I could
buy half of them back for $5 now
everybody's share price is just
increased by $1 or I could just pay
dividends out to those 10 shares and now
everybody's gotten one more dollar so
they've gone from one to two in both
cases they're making the same amount of
money the difference is it's taxed the
difference is in one case there's ten
shareholders and continues to be ten
shareholders and their interest in the
company continues due to the dividend
just paying the money and the other case
the share buybacks some of those people
have to no longer be
come shareholders nobody has a share
buybacks come from its stockholders
selling the shares Mike is selling they
don't have to do anything if they chose
to sell their shares then they lose
their shares of course that's all the
[ __ ] capital my report if you want to
sell your show you can do it nobody
forces you to sell it but the point is
to buy back shares somebody has to take
you up on it okay that's what the whole
[ __ ] New York Stock Exchange and the
London Stock Exchange and every [ __ ]
stock market his board is for buying and
selling shares you have either in one
and the dividend everyone's still a
shareholder in the share buyback some
people had to sell their shares sure
what's the one who care what's the
difference in you why does it matter
what is one matter one doesn't because
the only people who made money from the
spike in the stock price are the people
who actually sold in category B and
category now they have a paper thing for
everyone has a paper gain but it's not
actually equalized and don't and we all
know that stocks go up and down and
change the price and lowering the float
is a way of but people do not value
shares purely on a p/e basis you
understand that right like there's a lot
of [ __ ] that goes into valuing your
share there's a lot of speculation
there's a lot of margin hypothesis and
we want to talk about how people value
shares sure this none of this is helping
you though none of this has anything to
do with what all this helps me helps me
this is the thing that's crazy okay oh
my god this is this is wild so you don't
seem to understand the difference
there's this there's you you accept the
material difference between the two yes
but the difference is a difference it's
a distinction without it's a difference
but it doesn't really matter that much
like in all cases all you're doing is
returning money to people that are
holding shares of your company no you
are not you are returning money the
people who sell the shares who in order
to sell a share Mike you have to own a
share so now see my prior statement
you're returning money to shareholders
in your company in one hand you buy the
shares back and not force them to sell
them because that's not how capital
markets work they choose to suck and the
other hand you're paying them a cash
dividend in both cases you are taking
your profits and you're investing them
in your shareholders you're paying back
shareholders for investing your company
okay so here's the so the material
difference is in the share buyback world
the people who get the money in their
pocket are the people who sell the
shares of the company okay at a dividend
world the people who get the money are
the people who own shares in the company
okay you see why it's senta fising
people to hold an interest in a company
is better than incentivizing them to
sell it why wait why because you just
said that it was good for the company to
to continue to have shareholders who
have an interest I said it's good for
the CEO and the board to the
shareholders to have their interest
aligned I don't know if it's necessarily
good for every single investor they're
infinitely hold on to their investments
that's a totally different conversation
so here here's that here's the main why
reason why people are opposed to share
buy it share buybacks as a way of
returning share value to shareholders
okay it's because these share repurchase
programs are usually short-term they and
they benefit the subset of shareholders
that sell and by the way those who time
the selling of their shares when prices
are inflated they are the alarm prices
inflate what does this mean time the
selling of their shares when prices are
inflated can you break that down for me
but let's be basic this is the way
stocks are sold and bought there is a by
book and a sell book so no no no no no
wait I don't need the basics I want you
just amazing you're using okay let me
explain what you're doing when you say
you're using these words like when when
the shares are inflated and they're
trying to time the sales like these are
meaningless words everybody tries to
time their sale you sell at a specific
time when you think the share price is
the highest this is why the basics are
important so for everybody
isn't an investor I'll explain it to K
know so when you buy a stock when you go
to this when you go to your brokerage
account there will be an order of people
offering the sell to the stock at
certain prices
that's the sell then what you can do is
you could put a bid in if you don't like
any of those prices in the sell look you
can put them you can put something in
the order book you can make a market
order for a price and you could say I'm
offering to buy the share at this price
and somebody who has that share could
look at your order and decide to fill it
that's how it one share is sold or
however many shares is you put up a bid
and somebody puts up a sale so
when when you have stock buybacks is the
company comes in to that market and says
I have a billion dollars to buy shares
back way and it clears out all the
people in that sell side and although so
the price is so all together basically I
got so the price it's sort of like going
into a saying I'm gonna buy all the Xbox
ones and eBay right now and you start
bidding on all the Xbox ones that's
gonna result in to all the Xbox ones
currently being sold right now to go for
a higher price this is basic [ __ ] okay
you're right it is basic let's get up
paint we're gonna draw this out okay
ready I ain't Rajasthan I'll draw for
you turn on my stream let's say that we
have ten shares okay one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten
oh yes agree with that before you go in
the paint I don't disagree with what
you've said but nothing of what you said
is wrong or controversial or whatever
okay so here we go okay everybody has 10
shares let's say that a company okay our
company has made $10 well we have 10
dollars in profit what could we do
don't worry about we have 10 dollars in
profit everybody has $1 of a share okay
what we could do is we could pay each of
these people okay ten dollars okay so if
we paid each of them ten dollars now
they all have two dollars okay they've
all gained they've all gained plus $1
right all of these guys have appreciated
by $1 or what we could do is we could do
a stock buyback we buy back their five
shares for $1 so now they've all they're
down to $0 and a queen the company but
they've all gained one dollar because
they've been cashed out and now these
guys all their share is appreciated to
$2 so at the end of the day if we return
it via a stock buyback or we to pay it
out in dividends everybody's gaining $1
the only difference is dividends are
paid out immediately and you have to pay
taxes on them immediately now it could
be long-term dividends or qualified
dividends or not depending how long
you've held or whatever that's also good
by the way for inequality don't care
that's a totally separate comma if you
want to talk about tax related
absolutely not related my cuss abuse
we're governing here left
politics aids and wants me to [ __ ]
kill myself if you want to talk about I
think that we need to have a reasonable
conversation about what different
policies are supposed to achieve okay a
firm's job is not supposed to be to
manage the [ __ ] tax rate that's the
job of the government if you want to
talk to me if you want to talk to me if
you want to talk to me if you want to
talk to me about your issue with capital
gains tax I am all [ __ ] ears because
capital gains taxes I think should be
brought in line with ordinary income but
don't sit here and tell me that a
business should pay back dividends or
stock buybacks based on what the tax
schedule is that's - so [ __ ] dumb
those are two totally different
conversations that don't tie into one
another all I'm saying is that the
difference between a buyback and a
dividend is like on paper one might be
paid out immediately one might be paid
in the appreciation of a gain on your
capital but in all cases every investor
is basically earning the same amount of
money profits are being returned to
shareholders whether you do it via a
buyback or you give it all doesn't
really what share sellers no share to be
a sure seller you have to be a
shareholder do you understand
you don't just invent the chain you have
to be a shareholder to be a share seller
so when I buy a stock from a shareholder
I am returning money to a shareholder
even though he became a share seller
right yes so in these cases if you're
making money or profit if you return it
via a dividend or if you buy back stock
you are returning capital to
shareholders and invested in your
company so let's back up and give the
the 30,000 foot view of what we're
talking about
AOC a government official is suggesting
that we should eliminate the decision
the possibility of companies using share
vivax to return value to their
shareholders
and instead only permit dividends now
you argued to me that it's the same
thing in the from the perspective of the
shareholders now I argue that they're
different what you just said is not what
a OC said she said that that money
should be paid out in profits to the
workers that's another element and we
can get into that - that's what she said
- but I'm if you want to come back now
and say that we should only pay back in
dividends because of the tax schedule or
whatever I would say change the taxes
that's what we're arguing for we're
arguing that you get rid of this prove
there's a there's a
that is not what are arguing for we're
arguing that stock buybacks are bad
that's what I'm arguing right now I'm
explaining to you why it's bad now you
said it was a it was a tax advantage
thing for the people who maintain their
shares the value has appreciated due to
the stock buyback which I agree and they
don't have to pay any taxes on that
increased value that's absolutely true
whereas in a dividend payment they would
so hopefully that's not even necessarily
true if it's a qualified dividend so
that's not even 100% true but even if it
was true when these people sell their
capital eventually they will pay taxes
on it but again if you want to talk
about it Excel why would they sell
theirs clap up because when I go to pay
for my [ __ ] that I know a lot about oh
now we're get okay well okay you can
tell me if I'm wrong so when I go to
Walmart or if I'm gonna buy a house or
if I need to pay for health care I
didn't know that I could just give them
shares of Amazon I thought I had to
liquidate it and use a currency that is
recognized and received his taxable
equity you can borrow against the value
okay you can pay any taxes on borrowing
so you right there you're just wrong
like if I owned a billion do you think
wait a minute why would I borrow against
the value of my investment can you even
do taxes on it that's why if you borrow
against the value of your shares you
never have to pay taxes I'm somebody in
chato's to come here I'm not gonna take
his word for it Salman check do you
borrow against the value of I know that
you can take out a loan for instance
against her 401 K or like a Roth IRA but
to do that you can't just do that
willy-nilly yes destiny you're arguing
against opposition I don't have I'm
saying you can borrow against now if you
have a 401 K you're a [ __ ]
middle-class person if you perform okay
you can take it a burger gets you can
take it all or guess what your assets
don't grow well you have that loan out
against it it's horrible I'm sorry if
you guys are listening because I don't
know if you get [ __ ] financial advice
here please do not take out loans
against your 401 K is one of the worst
decisions you can make okay I'm saying
that if you are rich if you're Jeff
Bezos
does you think he liquidate his shares
to buy [ __ ] yes he needs liquid cash
because doctor we purchase things in
United States you use currency to do it
you don't try
of Hamazon you borrow against your value
of your shares Mike I don't know this so
you can educate me
hi can you please explain to me I have a
Vanguard account how can I take out a
loan it gets the value of my shares what
is the process for that alright
basically you can contact to your bank
and I'm gonna take out a secured loan
against my investments and use my own
because you don't have to pay taxes when
you take a loan but if you liquidated
stuff that you have a capital gain in
you'll have to pay taxes
that's why and then you reduce the value
of your of your ownership stake and
whatever your underlying asset is if you
sell shares you own less of that company
so your control of that company
decreases then you have a tax of most
people don't have like a controlling or
holding for a minute just like where I
won't then go okay so I can't believe
you don't know that rich people take
loans against their that's that's what
it's called secured transactions it's
like what are the most fundamental parts
of our economy okay so you're telling me
that people just take invent loans out
against their investment accounts not to
mention wait I don't even know what this
has to do with stock buybacks at this
point I think well you interrupted me in
the middle I explained how it's better
that dividends are paid because it's
usually a taxable event not always but
usually okay for inequality purposes it
decreases inequality when dividends are
paid versus stock buybacks which because
may be very very very slightly maybe and
then secondly we talked about timing you
know
the adverse interest of executives
versus the company they represent being
interested in spiking short-term share
prices by via buybacks as opposed to
investing in other things that the
company might do with the shareholders
are not going to let you just buy back
stock if there are other good projects
to invest in because then every single
shareholder would use a money way do you
think there's total transparency between
the shareholders and the executives do
you think they know everything to a
large extent yes of course
no there is not shareholders can
literally fire the execs what do you
mean a board a fire is the exact after
they're elected by shareholders
shareholders primarily being the largest
like a few usually in a few hands this
is like okay so what you're doing is
you're talking about an idealized form
of capitalism I'm not about how it
actually operates in the real world how
it actually operates is if you have an
exec that is alluding the company to do
some weird [ __ ] and there are good
projects to invest money you do not see
what okay first of all companies get
looted all the time are you [ __ ]
kidding me yeah this is one of the
reasons why people like to pay CEOs with
stock so that it disincentivizes the CEO
from destroying the company it's to
align the interest of the CEO and the
board that's the whole reason why they
get paid in stocks and the difference
between a short-term stock price
increase and the long-term interest of
the company can be misaligned it can be
this is why CEOs pay as often time often
tied to stock options so they can't
exercise until several years after they
leave the company to disincentivize the
pillaging of a company to short-term
drive the price up religion it they have
golden parachutes they get paid when
they get fired it happens all the time
what the that was the big holy [ __ ] that
non-sequitur came by me so fast I
couldn't even see what is getting a
golden parachute have to do with the
fact that they still have lots of their
pay tied to stock options well first of
all stop for that are the fact that they
get all their compensation structured in
stock argot options supports my point
that they're incentivized to spike the
share price over the long term when you
say okay you're using hold on you're
using the progressive econ terms you say
spike the share price that could mean
adding value to the company you realize
that right so for instance if I acquire
another company and it was a really good
acquisition in our company's gonna be
way better and everything's more
Prattville
that's quote-unquote spiking the share
price I don't know Jimmy when you say
spike the share price okay so when the
company does a return of equity of money
to the shareholders that is devaluing
that's lowering the cash available in
the balance sheet okay now the share
prices go up but
as far as the bouncy of the company
they're worse off okay but coming you
don't want to by the way the only way
they could get that money back is if
they were to issue more shares again so
you don't want I don't understand why
you want why would you want a company to
just sit on hundreds of millions of
dollars what Apple did
that's what Apple did okay companies in
the world they kept they held on to
their country so he okay so your
argument vendors know this is great
so your argument is that you think that
all companies shouldn't return any money
to investors and they should just sit on
mountains of cash and the corporation's
just keep all the [ __ ] money and not
pay it out to anybody that's what you
think should happen no what I'm saying
is that there is adverse interests in
stock buybacks that dividends are better
stock buybacks are used to be considered
manipulation of an underlying stand
before that they weren't I don't know
why you keep going that they Biggs dumb
history argue twenty nine when we had
the great crash that's what it was okay
let's go back to right before we had the
[ __ ] Great Depression good plan how'd
that work out for 2008 the fact that you
think that stock buybacks were the
reason for the recovery is the most
hilariously dumb thing I've ever done in
my life
actually we grew after the Great
Depression Lord so they really did you
know that the internet is bad for stock
markets because of the dot-com boom and
the tooth out like this argument is
nothing you're drawing these narratives
where they don't exist like yeah the
American economy grew like crazy after
World War Two was a big bad stock
buybacks by the way chat everybody who's
watching this he hasn't made one actual
argument in favor of preface in
stock vivax over dividends no one's
saying that you can't have profits in a
company no one's saying that this was
the so I've already made our the
argument is is that they have a more
preferential tax rate so that's probably
why you do a stock buyback over a
dividend sure so largely the point is it
still remains like no it doesn't there
is no point where you're oh god I kill
you you have failed to acknowledge even
the part where I say that if you had
knowledge of an incoming share purchase
you could structure your sales to during
that spike in the price you could also
get ultra [ __ ] by the SEC because this
is called
insider trading Mike you could structure
it you just post up in Excel
yes you can oh my god how do you know
how it works you know I guess I don't my
in reality how did they sell their
shares I don't know Mike they must they
scheduled to sell them at a certain date
and right before that day they just
totally do some crazy [ __ ] with the
company and the SEC the SEC doesn't see
any of it all the shareholders don't
know what's going on everybody is
totally blindsided by all of these crazy
exercises on these on these stock
contract and no one has any idea what's
going it's just this crazy thing nobody
understands it like but for some reason
even though when company even though the
companies oppose the largest stock
buybacks seem to be doing positive in
the long term after they happen I don't
know how it happens when all these
companies are being looted and destroyed
and stock memories are supposedly
horrible but somehow even weekend
strawman say I'm not even sure I mean
like if your argument is going to be
well actually there's a whole bunch of
insider trading going on it's just no
one knows it where it conspiracy levels
now I don't know how to argue at that
point can you point to a single instance
of this happening in the real world
where where somebody like a CEO [ __ ]
over a company super hard and spiked the
stock price and then cashed out and then
walked away and burned everything down
and everybody's cooled it and it wasn't
like something insider trading [ __ ] has
this ever actually happened are you
asking me about looting are you asking
about I first of all I never said that
happen I said that you Advantage
structured selling timed to the spike of
the stock price but coordinated with
stock buybacks this is a
well-established point I mean we could
we could talk about this more if you
want
I would I would love to see a story of
this happening where somebody destroyed
a [ __ ] company or or did some crazy
earth company right before like a
scheduled thing and the SEC didn't get
mad at all I would love to see an
example of that I'm super keen like hey
Elliott like look at Valiant like okay
valiant the company of alien what do you
want
Oh what I was what I'm arguing instead
of like saying oh this X thing is some
dumbest [ __ ] I've ever heard what I
didn't even say because you're saying
this is you wait no this is central to
your argument you're telling me that
stock buybacks are bad because they
incentivize exactly this type of
behavior that I don't think even happens
in the real world so if it incentivizes
it and stock buybacks happened that we
should see it happening somewhere
of course you what do you want studies I
mean I don't know well the only studies
that I'm familiar with our studies that
show that the companies that engaged in
the most ibat stock buyback activity
tend to be profitable in the long term
those are the only ones that I'm
familiar with but I'm curious if there's
an examples of people like destroying
companies because there's spiking the
stock prices right before like a time
sell or something this is first of all
that is just begging the question the
question
yeah the companies that have money are
the ones that could buy back their
shares like that doesn't mean [ __ ] we
have so here's what you're not
understanding is that we we are
operating in an economy that has
multiple moving parts and elements stock
buybacks are part of the increase if
they accelerate inequality and they
create a tax advantage for returning
value to shareholders and it also gives
company gives executives incentives to
focus on short term short term is not
established it's just not true rare okay
just because companies that engage in
stock buybacks tend to have the best
long-term growth so that that is just
blatantly false it's just that selection
bias because the companies that buy back
shot stops that fail go away and only
the ones that survive or the ones that
will continue and nobody accounts for
that when they look into whether or not
stock buybacks are good about everybody
just missed that like oh [ __ ] those
companies wanted a business with mr.
sang [ __ ] without any reference to data
row I mean we if you want listen after
this game we could have studies okay
sure stock okay hold on let me pull up
the myriad pieces of data stock buybacks
good or bad for companies [ __ ] I should
have saved I need to save my sources for
arguing with lefties
hold on I'm in the middle of the game
you can do research and bring me what
you find okay you can find you've made
stronger claims than me in this
conversation idiot you said that
companies are being allotted for people
to do stock buyback you said the [ __ ]
that CEOs are incentivized to destroy
companies because of stock buybacks that
was your original point that that's not
what I said you said that they are
incentivized for short
term stock gains over long-term
investment short-term stock games over
long-term investments sound to be like
destroying companies that's that not the
same thing okay I don't know but that's
what I hear when someone says we did a
short-term thing and we [ __ ] our
long-term sounds to me like what you're
doing is destroying a company but hey
that's just what I hear I don't know
Mike you need to be a bit quiet when
we're playing oh good luck honey
good luck I'm sure you guys could win
it's a really powerful squad that you've
got thanks God poor can do it like dude
I wouldn't I'm sorry I would inflict
this on you normally did no but you know
it's not good for the gameplay it's not
course of course where are we at over
here guys I heard some violence I wonder
what put stock buybacks up your ass is
something that you've got to defend it's
just because everything ASE says is just
like littered with economic illiteracy
it was just really everything she's more
or less yeah I don't think she has like
a basic understand it I mean she does
have an economics degree from Boston ooh
yeah I know it's shocking I don't know
how it's crazy
where wait do you think that everybody
with that studies this is for stock
buyback um yeah generally I don't think
most people have there are a couple
things that people are against in terms
of like business [ __ ] but stock buybacks
are not one of them or at least that's
not what I found on my reading read more
that's yeah maybe if the guys like
sources start with like Das Kapital or
some [ __ ] maybe they're opposed to it
but most most super sure so most of the
economic [ __ ] that I read basically says
it like the reason why you want stock
buybacks to happen is because you don't
want companies to sit on a [ __ ] ton of
capital that investors will be less
incentivized to spend money on a company
if that money is not going to be
returned to them ultimately when the
company is profitable that's why you
typically want to do stock buybacks you
don't want to company sitting on a [ __ ]
ton of cash and doing nothing with it
it's a really disadvantageous way to
have money work in an economy
you want that money returned to Cheryl
oh so they can either invest in other
projects or give to other companies or
or keep it for themselves and spend it
or whatever I mean that's just you just
you just contradicted stuff you said
earlier what did I just conquer one date
but when investors get a return they
reinvest immediately so they buy more
shares some people do something we don't
I didn't say that they had to I decided
it's better to have us fight for it now
you're shifting the mine point all right
sorry nothing that I just said was
shifting anything what I said
waiting against the stubborn mom like
Steve in any ways I'm getting [ __ ]
kill you I dare you to come to China in
a video game you can say that outside Oh
video game Steve and I you you don't
want a company sitting on a ton of cash
this is the same argument that I've used
the entire time you don't want a company
to just have a [ __ ] ton of cash and do
it for example a pharmaceutical company
could invest in research and development
on drugs unless you believe we're at the
at the optimal rate of research and
development it's only written here is
what I can believe either a a company is
doing stock buybacks as some greedy and
Sidious way to do some [ __ ] and all of
the shareholders are too stupid to see
that the comedy could be invested by
putting also it's a normative like words
and because it might because my way just
makes sense a company doesn't have any
positive investments that it can make so
it returns the money to shareholders
because it doesn't need the cash makes
perfect sense it totally makes sense
without people invest in companies and
it makes sense of how companies Iran it
makes sense what you would do with the
company personally if you had one just
and everything makes sense in your world
companies have really positive project
so they could invest in but for some
reason they don't spend the money on it
they just return it to greedy
shareholders because the sure laws don't
want to make more money I get I have no
idea how okay so this is like honestly
dude you really believe that these
companies have no possible investments
they could make I'm sorry do you think
that like pharmaceuticals constantly
have places that they can just throw
like infinite money to and they can
always be like investing money all the
time for like did you believe that cable
but can you answer that yes or no cuz
that's what that's essentially what
you're saying I'm saying that there are
more that's - okay Jesus
you got one behind you one behind you
this guy is really ladies chasing oh you
were close okay let's do two minute wrap
up okay so we're done says all right
okay okay go where you can talk to him
as long as you want by the way Central
Committee on Twitch yep okay we get it
we get it we get it okay go hit the
button hit the ball button and keep
watching testing by the way okay so
here's the prom with this discussion you
came in committed to a viewpoint that
stock buybacks were good and that AOC
was economically illiterate which is
totally and yes he is economically
illiterate because she said the money
spent on stock buybacks should be spent
on labor which is a dumb [ __ ]
statement to make the choice you have no
[ __ ] idea how anything economics
works that's why I said it's AOC is a
[ __ ] idiot
again that's fine no that's because I
understand you don't go to capital
markets to raise money to pay your
[ __ ] workers nobody goes it doesn't
have it's already in the company's
balance sheet yes the company's balance
sheet that it gets via investments from
capital investors when somebody invest
in it oh no okay this is like some marks
of [ __ ] I don't know how to like you're
coming out totally different it is if
you run a company and you're making a
[ __ ] ton of money and all the people
invested in you you have a fiduciary
responsibility to return profits to
those people
it's literally part of like [ __ ]
capital law you can't just throw all the
money away at your employees and be like
oh sorry for address me literally
everybody's gonna bail from your [ __ ]
company nobody's gonna invest in you if
they don't get any returns on the
ridiculous their laws right oh we're
trying to argue in favor of things like
you know Knut if he's European he knows
that they have a much higher Union share
of Labor so that people can strike and
they so then talk about unions this is
my problem with you guys is you always
point to things that have nothing to
[ __ ] do the argument if you want to
talk to me about hey destiny we should
have way stronger unions in the US I
agree with you then you should if you
want to raise if you want to raise wages
increase the minimum wage that would be
good
give strength to unions that would be
good even [ __ ] like a [ __ ] Federal
jobs guarantee which i think is garbage
would be better than this weird idea
where you think that companies are just
gonna return profits to employees they
don't have any ownership in the company
it doesn't make any sense
oh no one's saying that that's why alc
said that
oh it's a rhetorical point it's not
rhetorical
it shows a fundamentalist understand
about capital markets work here's the
thing you okay so here's the here's the
problem you weren't aware of the debate
that was going on is that Trump was
going around saying we're gonna cut
corporate taxes and that'll result in
wages increase which is dumbest [ __ ]
which is the dumbest thing in the world
and everybody was like no it's not it'll
just result in people buying back shares
and spiking their share prices and
returning money to the Rif you're
expecting me to defend trickle-down
economics it's not gonna happen because
trickle-down economics is dumbest
[ __ ] and Republicans are dumbest [ __ ]
but just because Republicans are dumb as
[ __ ] doesn't mean you have to be dumb as
[ __ ] to Mike you can rise above first it
is dumb as [ __ ] to expect a company to
return products to its workers you agree
without a new disagree that do you think
how many short-term profits to their
workers of course we should get as much
money to our workers as possible no can
you just answer that question so I know
fundamentally if we're ever gonna agree
in this do you think that a company
should return profits to its workers a
shirt is a worthless word okay dude
nobody like I do nobody would I talked
about ever answer questions and then
afterwards they run to Twitter and they
go oh we can smell these and say never
that it was ask me more questions you
learn I'll answer any question you
[ __ ] throw at me okay
I can't you can't even answer that
really basically it's such an easy
question should a company return profits
to its workers I will tell you the
answer the answer is no you do not have
an obligation as a company to return
profits to your workers you have an
obligation to pay wages not do you have
an obligation oh wait I'm being very
precise no you're not because should is
a value it is the right thing to do yes
it is do you have the legal obligation
to no of course not
will the company do it no of course not
because they as you rightly point out
I'm fiduciary duty to their one they
have no duty to their workers hold on
Canada's working right now are you sure
you don't me to just finish this kiddy
right you did [ __ ] mix below no no it's
Mike it's fun I'm just farming you don't
care all right okay so you ask me should
them should the company do it well it
depends on what you talk about
give me the legal responsibility they
have no legal responsibility to their
workers outside of whatever okay under
any understanding of your word of the
word of the word should should a company
return now what what
what definition would you like to choose
instead of saying should I would say is
there a legal obligation for companies
to return money to theirs okay we both
agreed that - no no okay what other
should would you say there's a yes to
this the yes is our society be
structured so that profits go to the
workers at a higher rate than it is
currently the answer is yes then it
sounds to me like your problem is with
dramatic structural changes nothing to
do with stock buybacks or dividends
stock buybacks and don't throw in
dividends cuz I didn't say this was
nothing about dividends oh wait so you'd
be really happy if all this money when
it's a dividends instead no no you
wouldn't then why are you pretending
like you're different preferable it
would be preferable why four reasons all
the money would still be going to the
investors and not the workers oh it
wouldn't yes it whatever they the
long-term capital gains tax rate the
dividend tax rate would kick in for most
dividends and that would return to the
government first of all redistribution
qualified dividends qualified dividends
okay are taxed the same who's capital
tax rates so that's not even necessarily
true okay that's good no that's no good
multiply dividends being taxed capital
gains rates is not good because capital
gains are taxed at like [ __ ] 15% up
to like half a million dollars or some
[ __ ] oh no your see what hundred percent
we should tax the labor and capital gain
at the same rate sounds like you love
aoc because every single time we talk
about a policy you support the policy
that works because we probably align on
most policies but the thing is I think
you can get to these policies without
being [ __ ] stupid when it comes to
fundamental economic thought for
instance capital markets aren't for
raising your worker wages like that's
not a very complicated thing should
people be getting more money yes should
you need to be stronger yes are we gonna
do that by telling companies hey take
the money that you raise on Wall Street
and paid your workers no dude there is
no okay the capital markets are not
being engaged here except to discharge
profits from the company the company
already has the money if there was a
strike for example and the employees
lost while that cash is on the balance
sheet and the employee said we're not
going back to work unless you raise our
wage and the company was faced with
ongoing losses do the fact that nobody's
doing any work or pay the guys a raise
then they would pay they wouldn't sit
down with a union and they would
negotiate a raise so more of the prop
it's will be returned to the workers
because they've negotiated a better deal
okay or now you're talking about making
unions stronger like if you want to do
that sure I don't deserve that that's
part of a whole program like that has
nothing to do with saying stock buybacks
are bad okay it's part of a larger
platform that's connected no it's not
commitment at all because even if this
happens you could still have stock
buybacks and they would be poverty okay
would we would want them but the reason
why is because they're they're a tax
advantage if unions if unions went on
strike and they demanded all the profits
from the company everybody would sell
their shares in the company would go
bankrupt and they would just walk away
nobody what did you just say say that
again if if the workers demanded that
all the profits were going towards wages
and everybody then invest in that
company would sell their shares and
they'd walk the [ __ ] away and the
company would go back grab and know what
he would do anything with them oh god
this is this is I don't know why your
why are you obsessed with it so if we
ban stock buybacks do you think that
would be a significant infant of the
liberty interest
I don't think stock by banning Stivers
to do much at all you just see more paid
out of dividends which would still have
almost all the exact same inequality
problems you have here except some
dividends might be taxed any more
preferential rate but for the most part
inequality would still continue to grow
profits from companies from capital
which has way more power than labor
today in today's society capital's way
more productive than or has way more
power in the labor all the money that
goes into owning capital still be
returned to capital owners and it'll
just be taxed at a slightly higher rate
so it doesn't really help you why we
can't do just one thing we have to do it
we have to do a myriad of things okay
and like this is the problem it's like
you had this strong tape that Amos II
was economically illiterate because she
is but there are plenty of well
credentialed economy no there aren't and
and think tanks like the Roosevelt
Institute are you telling me the
Roosevelt Institute is like some power
left
commie group I that that say that this
is part of a financialization of
corporations that is shifting them away
from making money through after this I
would be super curious if you could find
me I like an actual like economic think
tank or some economist that says it like
oh yeah when when companies make massive
profits all that money should be going
back to the workers
do the investors okay so you want
someone to argue that we should have a
greater labor share of profit over
capital search because that's really
[ __ ] easy my dude that's like the
easiest [ __ ] thing you've ever asked
I I can't I know I wish I love you and
we have the same like I think we even
have the same goals but like I just I
don't know how to do this what are you
confused about what are you you don't
understand
basic economic theory you we have the
same outcomes but you think that like
you can just like say things are good or
bad or evil or whatever and the econ
theory behind it doesn't matter that
everybody should just get paid more
money because people are good or some
dumb random shot or stuffs are not
connected I don't understand Mike do you
if we want to get work here's what I'm
gonna say okay if we want to get workers
more money here's the first big thing
you can do get a bigger minimum wage
studies have been shown empirical over
and over again that increasing the
minimum wage does not dramatically
impact unemployment except for small
groups of people so number one is
increasing wage here's number two here's
number two here's number two okay the
[ __ ] crack the [ __ ] down on these
companies that are like threatening
people for unionizing okay in my opinion
these are the two largest things you can
do if you want to start seeing a higher
return of capital investment or a higher
return of profits in a company that are
actually going towards increasing their
cost of paying labor those are the two
big things you can do this weird moral
appeal to like companies should pay
their that is what you're making when
you're saying like oh I'm not saying
should in a legal sense I'm saying [ __ ]
but that's literally the definition of a
moral appeal okay you saying I'm they
should like as a greater return of blah
blah blah blah blah if you want these
things to happen don't talk about stock
buybacks talk about increasing the
minimum wage
so most buy backs are one mechanism by
which inequality is increased but it's a
symptom it's not a cause it's a symptom
of the fact that we use to increase
inequality okay state to tax advantage
you it you said that it was tax
advantaged you're really focusing on
that when it means [ __ ] nothing I pay
more income tax than than every poor
person in the United States but I'm
still way better off for it the fact
that I pay more taxes doesn't [ __ ]
mean anything the fact that you have a
progressive intim tax means that your
inequality is reduced relevant my
inequality I pay more in taxes than than
most Americans make in a year and it
still doesn't help anything for
inequality Mike I'm still living a
better life than 95% okay what I'm fine
that I love that then amen dude yeah
then let's just talk about that [ __ ]
more progress next yeah [ __ ] people
dude I'll bring home 250 K and pay 50 K
or or 60 or 70 km tags I'm fine [ __ ]
them dude amen brother
I like that system okay like I don't
know what you want it I don't know you
seem to think you are but you are it is
progressive taxes reduce inequality are
you trying man nice one down wait I got
your thing we're gonna get you I don't
know why shotgun out I'm sorry I thought
I switched and I was quiet - okay
no I didn't what do you think is what do
you think is easier Mike do you think
it's easier to boost minimum wage to
change the tax code or to ban stock
buybacks all dichotomies where you have
to pick one of three that's not how
politics works my dude okay if you ban
stock buybacks and you make it so people
pay back things in qualifying dividends
and most of those are qualified anyway
which means they're taxed at a capital
gains rate what have you done for income
inequality alright so if I have raised
the minimum wage
I have banned stock buybacks I have
created sectoral unionism which requires
a nationwide unions to exist that allows
workers to negotiate against companies
and up from a much stronger position
yeah oh that's gonna reduce inequality
we have a very high estate tax that's
part of it it's part of a unified
program okay I do
I agree all right I love you okay I
think the same of those policies you
talked about we're great and all of them
can exist right alongside stock buybacks
so I have a higher estate tax I'm all
for that changing the way the capital
gains and in qualified if another tax
I'm all for that higher minimum wage I'm
all for that stock buybacks or they're
probably fine no problem with returning
income to investors absolutely no
problem without whatsoever
all right in the in the chat I'm gonna
link some studies okay go ahead
go ahead and read some of the Roosevelt
Institute now it hey it's Roosevelt so
it's not you know he's a pretty
left-wing president we had okay so
hopefully you can hopefully you guys
could not you can read that read some of
the stuff sorry for interrupting the
gaming guys I would be triggered as [ __ ]
if I were you honestly okay I love you
buddy I like each other real quick just
because I just just glancing through
this corporate dividends are not without
problems and a wholesale shift from
buybacks to Divini payments would not
solve the problem of low investment in
innovation today's high-cost
pharmaceutical industry so just just
glancing through this it already sounds
like why Stephen give me jump most as I
am job master I'm not giving it up wait
a man did your game crash I all right I
love you Mike hey sorry buddy we should
nominate hey the TPP advocated for an
SDS panel where each person could
nominate to like a judge and then we'd
agree on a third run we should bring on
three economists when they come in to
sit on and lose talks okay we're doing
both of us much happier or at least one
of us the other person would be very mad
but I'm all in favor I think you I think
you would have absolutely wouldn't cuz I
confer with the PhD II cons of my
audience all the time make sure I don't
say some real dumb [ __ ] so hey if you've
got different people bring them in and
I'd love to hear you talk to Stephen
Moore or just people that study
economics people did they do there's a
German oh my god what is there go down
there there's a [ __ ] oh that wasn't
even canoed sorry we have our German PhD
econ guy and then there's a couple
people that I talk to you in my emails
make sure that I'll say some real dumb
[ __ ] but if you got people there
educated I'd love to bring them in and
talk with them as well Durbin pH you got
a good message man oh we can talk about
this I'd be really really interesting I
want to read his thesis - does he have
any translation um I don't know but I'll
yeah I'll try to message them sometime
sure all right sounds good hey all right
have fun okay bye see you buddy have you
heard about the thirty thousand men
women and children
who are being held against their will in
state-run detention centers in Vietnam
