hello hello do you hear me yeah I can
hear you what's up is it okay like the
my quality yep it's just fine okay um
basically English is not my first
language so forgive me if like anything
doesn't come out as it should or
anything else yeah and so basically I
watched the SCAF podcast podcast episode
you were on and you were talking about
sex and gender and and your suggestion
suggestion was that both our social
constructs were social constructs and
yeah I did not agree with the sex part I
mean gender like that's the definition
of it
yeah I wanted to talk or basically I
want to convince you that sex is not a
social construct and that there are you
argue that there are no used to say
classifying into the different sexes and
I wanted to maybe suggest some users
that would well I mean of course your
users in having sex is I mean we can
make broad statements about these two
groups of people right I'm just saying
that sex is in and of itself is a social
construct like it's like that we
construct categories because they're
useful to us but they don't exist in the
as an entity in the natural world okay
let me try to come into an SME or
otherwise and my background is in
biology so yeah just so you know why are
you saying that sex is a social
construct because I guess there's
nothing in science and that you've never
taken a class before in biology where
you've done an experiment and then like
you've like something is said like this
is what sex is like that's that's a
definition that we provide that we've
decided yeah yeah of course but that's
not like sort of a socially constructed
for me socially constructed would be
daya for example gender is socially
constructed because like what makes a
man can be socially dependent in
different cultures for example but what
sex you are is not is not derived from
the society didn't like a man in I don't
know Japan is the same as a man in
Africa and and yeah only because but all
because broadly we've all socially kind
of agreed on that like we basically set
a definition and then we kind of agree
on it right like we could like one
society if they want could I mean maybe
with the transgender stuff today I mean
maybe somebody decides that if you go
through sexual reassignment surgery or
whatever sex reassignment surgery that
this person is now considered a man or a
woman depending on how you construct
your category of sex I mean just having
another guy okay again yeah but I mean
that's isn't that supposed to be the
whole use of like separating the two
gender and sex to have exactly like this
line where you can say it a transgender
woman may biologically be a male but
consider her gender to now be a woman
isn't that exactly what that like
separation is supposed to accomplish I
mean it would be nice if it did but no I
mean like I understand what you want to
say like there's there art we can make
descriptive statements about men and
women broadly that we can talk about
differences but the fact that those two
categories exist is that's just that's
just an arbitrary construction like
we've we've taken a collection of
features and we've decided to assign a
category to them but nowhere in any of
your science education are you ever
gonna find a reason why we do that like
with that that reason is ultimately
gonna be arbitrary yeah of course but
but that would be true for any
classification we make right exactly
yeah yeah again yeah but that's what I'm
trying to say it I'm trying to say that
while so that it would be I don't I
don't think we need the suffix like
social and it will just be constructed
like any classification right and I mean
I guess it isn't socially constructed
that that's that's what my issue was
like I mean it is socially constructed
like what other kind of construction is
it I don't know what perceptual
construction I do everything you cut or
like your senses you construct your
reality basically and just as you
construct your really reality through
years
you construct categories through like
yeah as you said arbitrary observations
but it doesn't mean that the primary
cause would be like a social reason
everything yeah it's not a social reason
I mean what else would would it be
my I think it stems from like basically
I'm reproduction we share a widely value
why do we value reproduction why is that
were we decided to our liens I don't
could do like maybe you rephrase it sure
so what I think you so your desire is
you're trying to get at the idea that
this scientific category of man versus
woman that this is like this is like a
real rigid thing and it's not like a
silly social constructed category like
whatever we think we can make up but in
science we have a real category but the
alternate reality is is that if I keep
asking you well why do we have this
category and then you give me a certain
set of features that is encompassed by
man and woman and it's ok well why do we
make the category there want out of any
other grouping of features eventually
what we're going to get back to is some
social distinction you're gonna say well
we've decided that this is more valuable
because we're able to utilize this in a
way that you know for social reasons
when I say social I mean like in moral
reasons right in ways that make us
happier and ways that are useful to us
mmm
ok yeah I understand what you're saying
like as I said in the event that maybe
you we must understand your point but I
think there are like differences in how
we construct gender and how we construct
sex and that they are quite different
and can't be subsumed both just in the
under social because what we what we say
for example when we talk about gender
like what it means to be a man to be
like emotionally start so we can things
like that that could be different in
different cultures but I don't think the
same can be said for what we consider as
a man from the perspective of sex that's
what I was trying to get it I mean even
if even if the definition for a category
is common amongst all cultures that
doesn't necessarily make that defin
I still like I guess like the way that I
would find this is like what like where
can you study like it where where in
science can we find the answer that we
ought to make a distinction between men
and women that this is a distinction
worth having that we should recognize
and like build a society around yeah of
course you're not gonna find things like
that it's science and like I understand
that like I mean I mean I'm not gonna go
full meme and say that like man and
woman doesn't refer or make any useful
descriptions or differences between the
two I mean I understand these categories
exist for a reason and I understand that
there are real distinctions between
these two categories I just think it's
important to remember at the end of the
day that these are still categories that
aren't found in nature anywhere like we
created them because you know we've
found use in them and that's the only
reason they exist yeah of course and I
would agree with you but you seem to
argue in that podcast that like that
that there or my perspective of what I
understood was that there is no use in
doing so oh no I think there definitely
is a you so there's a huge well I'm
pretty sure there's a use between
between these distinctions depending on
what what case we're talking about I
mean medically there can be
scientifically or obviously can be
socially and probably there is for sure
right now the only thing that I want
people to understand is that like every
category that we make is ultimately
constructed for hopefully some purpose
that relates to giving us happiness and
if we're starting to run into a lot of
trouble with these categories it's
important sometimes to be able to take a
step back and go well okay maybe we
don't have a use for this category
anymore or maybe it's better to
reformulate this category and think was
something difficult that's always an
option but do you think the the trouble
we are into currently with like
transgender debate and other stuff is or
outweighs the use we have from using
these categories because I don't think
that's the case wait what do you mean
can you say that again yeah you argue
that there is a use in kinds of time
into male and female but you also argued
that there are some dangers for example
like the harm we caused to transgender
people or or things like that would you
say that one of ways the other oh no
because I don't I don't I go Liz just
four people have better
I've never gotten to have a real
conversation on this because 99% of
conservatives talk whatever [ __ ]
stupid as [ __ ] I don't know if maybe sex
and maybe sex as a category that exists
in a rigid way that is incredibly useful
maybe even socially it's very useful
it's just very annoying to hear people
take the cop-out answer well no this is
very very real and it's a very real
thing and you can't change it because
it's science when that's that's not true
at all that's my only thing it's
entirely possible that the categories
exist and are very useful and are you
know and should remain as they are I
mean I don't know what the answer to
that is okay yeah then I probably just
misunderstood you because like the world
social justice or at least to me screams
like there are these parts are as
stemming from society and I don't think
sex and gender both are like or I think
gender is far more and they're also as a
societal influence than the definition
of sexist for example maybe yeah yeah
that's all I think I think you say
you're finish your undergrad in biology
right yes so like one thing that one one
I really need to [ __ ] read about this
maybe or maybe you'll be more familiar
this one thing that is very interesting
to me is are you familiar with do you
know what taxonomy means is that like
the same word in ism yeah so like I
think in taxonomically we had like this
massive way that we organized like all
of the species throughout all the
hierarchies and everything but as soon
as genetic testing became available what
people started to realize was the way
that we had organized the taxonomy was
totally [ __ ] incorrect but was it
really direct like it was correct
insofar as I mean these you know
categories were I guess useful up to a
certain point but once we gathered more
information restructuring them into
different categories we made more sense
because of you know doing it on a
genetic basis right yeah you know you're
kind of right like the whole concept of
like making these trees trees of life
was always to try to sort them by
relation so I don't know in the in the
1900s or in the 20th century people just
like made guesses sometimes because like
they thought these groups must be know
together but then when genetic testing
became about though it just was clear
through the data that they were
motivated and like rearrangements were
made for it but it's not like for
example memos we're a pretty stable
group and they still are it's just that
their position in the Tree of Life got
switched around or maybe not not even
that but like sure um it's quite
difficult
yeah but like if I were to ask you like
well why should we arrange it around
genetics rather than the system we had
before if I if I keep asking you this
question you eventually we're gonna get
back to an answer Wow yeah it wasn't
like there was a new system it always
was like relation and and I don't know
what the English word is right now but
like I'm where they came
or like ancestry she might be the world
so you know that always was the
principle behind these trees but yeah of
course like the decision to arrange them
by ancestry that's a that's just I guess
I always say that that's like socially
constructed but maybe you would like to
use like a different phrase for that
because socially constructed sounds kind
of weird I guess maybe in this sense
yeah yeah but for me it would sound
about but I get where you're coming from
okay yeah I can understand yeah I
understand your point yeah yeah I just
think that like things like sex for
example can like inform us on decisions
like the one you talked about on the
podcast like sport where you want to
decide if like transgender men should be
able to transgender women should be able
to compete with other women and stuff
like that I think science can give us
something meaningful not like the
definite art but like some information
we can use to to set some ground rules I
think yeah hopefully I would imagine I
would hope that like most of the goals
of science are to give us answers about
the world that we can use to make us
happier right yeah and I think like
there is some yeah I just wanted to
basically establish that there or at
least for me there is a use in
differentiating into male and female
like from from the sex Center from a
gender world and
I don't think gender is a particularly
useful thing that's it is my my my
opinion like I don't think there is a
there is a big use for having different
genders I said at least I don't I don't
see it at the moment but I think yeah
but I think that at least for the sex
part that there is a use in classifying
and sure it's not perfect but for
example it gives us like a good read of
information we could work with
yeah for sure I I think in general I
probably agree with that and I would
probably even go a little bit harder I
would say that gender is probably a
useful way of constructing Society as
well I don't know if I don't just
because of how wired we are biologically
I don't know if we could live in a
genderless society even though I think
that would be cool but I don't know if
that's possible that yeah I don't think
so at all like it's a logical standpoint
like the sense of the meaning of life is
like to reproduce and you for that alone
you need some like categories or
something to describe or search mate or
something and for that alone you I think
you need it and then there is like I
think a tremendous use in things like
medicine and and other studies where you
want to have a classification to male
and female to just use as as a sort of
mechanism to to investigate stuff
okay yeah I guess I misunderstood you it
was just a quirk so so yeah I mean it's
very like if I was having a more nuanced
conversation like it's a pretty loaded
term and I use it to trigger
conservatives so I could I could be
careful yeah yeah okay thank you for
talking all right yeah thanks for the
conversation buddy see you
[Music]
