hey sir after watching one of your more
popular clips I thought that maybe you
would enjoy this band Pepe what how much
did you donate $25 don't donate me music
I hate you
[Music]
why would you link me this why would you
pay me $25 me to [ __ ] listen to this
I thought Lily was supposed to play with
me why did she abandon me is she playing
with strangers unbelievable oh it's been
a long time I got a rap Freddy
uh-huh three two one let's go Stephen
thinks I'm a mistake but I'm just a
really good rapper and I ain't gonna go
for the haha alright thanks I was just
my cringe cam I don't even need to tell
you to act cranes you just like did it
all on your own
oh you're mouthing [ __ ] like a heart
that's so cute
who drew this Lily okay
can you not make it cringe Lily why are
you doing this right now
you're making it cringe for no can we
just skip your cringe [ __ ] Steve it's
gonna be bad I already know you think
Steve is gonna bully us this whole time
try to keep up okay wait oh my god oh my
god I didn't know I just push the button
I don't know what's going on where are
we jumping Steven wait just jump out of
this thing I am - liddie liddie I'm
jumping down good that was obviously
jump off Lilly dead shoe what's that
[Music]
help me how do i connect myself that's
what you said into the healing thing you
disgusting [ __ ] well that's what I was
saying why is it so disgusting Steve
because you're making it really weird
you're making it awkward yeah you're
making this way no not just mr. moon
don't use demon Lily run like it you do
in real life it's so cringe
Oh quick as [ __ ] boy I don't know what
my ultimate does
you're so cringe oh look now we can get
away from you faster people around you
wish you had this in a real life was a
good one thank you good one I don't know
what I understood
that's something cringe halt wait your Q
ability is it's like what you do in real
life
here you go invisible so nobody notices
you it's probably his first good one in
the [ __ ] day so you guys Lily can you
come out here and do your drop okay here
Lily do it right here look where there's
a big sky right here we're on it
destroyed call it down Lily call it
you're wasting your ultimate right now
she is just chill stop screaming in it
so you don't have any friends any worse
you move give me everything in here oh
that's a nice dress thing you've got on
today Lily good job I gave you a real
compliment
remember you said oh my I'm never doing
that again I am never gonna say anything
nice that you again [ __ ] up the Korean
trace oh my god your dress looks like
somebody cut up a pillowcase and decided
to wear it as a dress okay are you happy
there he's already dead oh my god I
can't hit [ __ ]
[ __ ] the shooting in this game feels not
good oh good I will get it we'll learn
it no one likes a bragger Miller okay
yeah so calm it down
way out of control right now okay we get
it
oh I know where we're going oh yeah
trust me I know the best spots to jump
oh my god it's navigating yes over here
is oh wait there was we lost Lily Lily
what the [ __ ] did you do
why is this hot gates and we pushed it
up [ __ ] why are you using push-to-talk
all my see using to talk yeah out of the
30 people to play a game you [ __ ] it
yeah
shut the I beat hoppy oh [ __ ] I got a
shell thing for us Lily be safe now oh
my god are you serious guys what do you
mean give it to I'm just looking for
give me the goods
gimme your can you stop being cringe for
one second of your [ __ ] life
absolutely [ __ ] can you stop and I
feel like I'm certainly a my best I feel
like I'm fed really no I don't like
really what rank are you in legally I'm
gold - I'm not we should leave I
remember when Lily is to deal with me a
long time ago and then she just ignored
no we're gonna see that lego movie on
Tuesday and it's gonna be so much fun
Lily okay but you said today listen it
can't be today Lily but it can be to say
Lily all about I was gonna I was gonna
mess you about that earlier today you
know that's why I asked you you said the
only person you talked to me Albert no
no I didn't make actual congressman no I
said this morning out there
brought it up I brought it up I mean
honestly that's probably what you would
do because you mean that seems like the
kind of thing you do because you're not
you know really kind of oh no it's fine
no I'm sure I didn't cancel just my I
was going to this morning but I didn't
have a chance to and now we are playing
apex really what did you make like
[ __ ] reservations at the theater you
didn't I know you didn't if you did then
I would just say [ __ ] adieu we can go
but now we have the chance to see a
different movie don't you want to see
something different whatever I did I
already told you that are you done being
obnoxious as [ __ ] holy [ __ ] watches help
Bart Lily make sure your stream Lily
don't do the part we gotta go close I've
only got 60 right Wow 38 got them Lily
come over here yeah yeah Lily good guy
we love your loops but you're here Lily
because we're actually in the action
Olli we're actually out there I'm ready
don't worry we're just we're in the
learning phase are you gonna be the
ninja of apex legend Steve no thank you
yeah it was me sorry smoke I was just
smoking the weed you know see you one
day away from that Corrine JH you know
how to tell the threat highlighting
works guys when I right-click on my
screen mouton it doesn't show anything
[Music]
yeah yeah does anybody have green
bullets no you have blue balls oh
[ __ ] throw the duck as a boy please
get him yeah he knows do you have green
bullets can you not say the color I
don't [ __ ] this one no one cares at
your color [ __ ] please stop using it
as an excuse for everything
Thank You Lily you know what Lily no
matter what everyone else in offline TV
says about you I said you're a good
friend
no one says otherwise oh okay Lily the
champion has been eliminated
wait is there like a best person in the
game yeah that's who the guy at the
start is like the champions guy oh he's
like the big badass something you'll
never met just be the little man just be
a little man you are in game and IRL
sdev well yeah yeah no it's just fooling
steve-o what you're like completing it
like saying it out loud huh that's cute
you guys are like the spelling and a
reading team nice job guys can you stop
looting on top of me holy [ __ ] go live
someplace else you [ __ ] loser
gimme hobby that rude let's go
do you need this armor lighting zoom oh
you mean the [ __ ] loser the person
you just called that that are you
referring to you Steve shut the [ __ ] up
it's about making you cringe
[ __ ] healthy Steve I'm just kidding
we're learning okay we're learning it I
was oh right here
this is the Thunderdome big landing big
lady oh you [ __ ] us dude where we
going mr. Putin you're taking us into
the position oh my god you [ __ ] we're
not in the ocean [ __ ] this you [ __ ] this
oh my god you think it oh right where
everyone else is you dumped me oh my god
well good luck guys [ __ ] off oh hey
there's a guy right over here guys I did
100 damage what are you guys doing come
kill the guy leaves are mewing I don't
have a gun oh my god okay yeah leave a
gun hold on I'm connected alright guys I
don't have an extra gun for you [ __ ]
[ __ ] Lilly Donna fall out of this drop
it again give me more heels oh there's a
guy right over here we got to punch him
to death guys Lilly you're gonna have to
come back and take him out much obliged
to punch him punch him oh there's a guy
right in front of me why can't I fire oh
I have no ammo
okay I'm gonna punch him good luck let's
go let's go let's go guys if we punch
him down we can take him out guys it's
all we can do we got to punch him out
he's got any ammo for all this I follow
me Oh hit him once there's another guy
here with guns I'm going after him twice
yeah come on Lilly we got to take up
this all only options yep there we go
boom I'm taking them out oh you have a
kill thing
no we need get out mr. royde it's on
your head you dumbass I have bullets
what do you need no no but wait try to
eat oh my god of one oh my god your
weapon away put your push three to put
you over the back little you got a chili
okay Lily calm down
right I hit him once
good job mr. moon I'm getting Oh shot it
from by a head nice call out mr. moon
good call good plan mr. moon you're
getting shot behind by the way mr.
behind you the fishermen if you win this
one comment Lily I will give you a
thousand don't worry we're getting
better though we look we kill more
people that time without weapons than we
have ever good Lily don't worry I got
you with some covering fire are you
coming wait is that you
no that's right you ridiculous keep
running guys stop making a cringe mr.
moon low Lily don't stop I would never
do that Lily do you know I wasn't doing
that
hey you worried no I wasn't she was
telling me to stop because she was just
uncomfortable this gang sorry about that
Lily he's making me cringe again shut
the [ __ ] up mister when you're cringing
right now wait Lily watch out there's a
guy right behind you that's you I know
it's your job you see that over someone
else
of course totally did your mom's not
about you so I you have so many problems
okay one other squad over there we're
gonna eliminate them well I am I don't
know what you clowns will be done ah mr.
mood and I ran right on top of me
alright going over here I didn't steal
any of your [ __ ]
go on over here it's okay mr. Bertoni
okay no guns good job nice landing a
lily [ __ ] shoot it's not me they're cute
little dogs the ship sense huh I'm on
the roof I'm ruthless don't worry I got
you
aye aye these guys were living in my
grenade nice landing Lily really great
start landing Lily good job
round of applause chat okay well hey we
got better than today go ahead and load
up legally we can play couple games
[Music]
