hello everybody and welcome to of dice
and men how are you guys all doing today
great I'm doing great two waves how are
you doing I've never been life is good
life is very good
how has everyone's twitchcon been it's
been what a week since two weeks since
we played lost yeah
twitch comas free fun partner well is it
now you Rassilon anyone over there yeah
[Music]
you're only 20 of them I met some
beautiful ladies named Lily Picchu ah I
reckon she was something special I'm
gonna start the crane driver early today
good job guys mmm-hmm does anyone have
any stories they wish to share with the
best of the party yeah Steven okay hey
let's go ahead and start the game we
should get right into it cuz Lilly has a
heart out today at 7 o'clock threatened
to kill my character I did is a problem
a threat in and of itself a problem or
is a threat fine I think the threat
could be friendly
give me a friendly threat we don't know
okay okay just a friendly back and forth
job that you might have with your
friends all right well then we're not
gonna worry about it
it could be serious well then we'll plot
some revenge against him alright well
we'll sort it out yeah Wow nice metagame
you guys alright so to catch us up we're
coming up to the 1st of February correct
yes we will be starting on the 1st of
February have you guys paid all of your
money that you owe for your house and
you know your living expenses your your
month of supplies
we can let's do it all right who has
money that they're ready to throw away
we do I do I have all of it I have every
single one Lenny has no money wait I
didn't take anything out of anywhere
okay let's see 80 gold piece 800 copper
per month correct no it's a little more
than that 800 copper per month catering
on 2120 combo Primanti's twelve thousand
120 gold good one Lily yeah eight grand
for Reds well like grand for rent it's a
commercial space house yeah yeah it's a
commercial property even I came tonight
wait where are we getting eight grand a
month again I thought you said 120 the
building and then each person has a
thousand copper additional personal
expenses like food water repairing gear
clothing
so that's comes out to one to sixteen
thousand twelve thousand Oh always
twelve thousand okay got ya one thousand
per person plus eight thousand for the
building okay yeah okay so to catch us
all up
we have no active missions at the moment
we heard a commission we heard a
commotion going on northwest of our
little city so we were headed that way
to find out what's going on and we don't
have any other information at the moment
you were gonna head to whaler's bay
because you had heard there's some
problems there and there might be some
work for you guys miss Toki wants to go
to zoo I wanna go too
oh yeah we have a lot of things we wanna
do oh you zoo gorilla
yeah do you want to go to whaler's bay
which is on the way to the zoo
so why don't we hop on in and begin your
exodus from cron wick and your trip to
whaler's bay now there's two ways to get
to weightless bay either you hire some
canoes to row you down there which will
get you there in half a day or you can
walk which will take the whole day but
it's cheaper but you also spend more
time blocking so you're more likely to
run into an encounter so do you guys
want to pay a little bit to get there
faster or do you want to take the the
young man's journey Daffy as a very very
smart and intellectual businessman will
take the long way well how much does it
cost to do that quick way
it'll be for gold proprietor there for
all of us no no for everyone and what's
the difference in time traveled again
I'm saying half day Brooks is full day
we'll do the full day but we have high
passive perception right I should I
don't know what is your passive
perception very well Toki should I pass
a good person or something are you
Steven did just take the observant feet
didn't you yes I did which will give you
plus five to your passive perception I
believe yep wait yeah it's quite good so
what for gold oh okay I'm sorry so what
I was wondering I don't know if this is
possible but you said there's like a big
commotion going on I imagine there's a
lot of people traveling right there are
people traveling yes would we be able to
just keep an eye out on that to see if
either somebody's in trouble or if some
sort of opportunity or thing arises yeah
there's really only one trail that leads
from one town to the other and it
follows the river so sounds good we'll
cross paths anyone else traveling that
day okay excellent
what is your marching order as you
travel over the wilderness who takes the
lead who pulls up the rear and who is
safely in between Lennie's always up
front
honey's always up front and Daffy is
safe in the middle playing some tears on
his sweet oh you're making a lot of
noise but I'm playing poorly so that
they will want to run away I probably be
uh yeah I guess I'd be behind Lenny and
then Lily will be in the back we're
talking yes and already let us check our
encounters on your way there and while
we're doing that um what is going on in
the party what is the chitchat that's
happening on your way to where Liz Bay
Jeter chatter partner indeed oh but what
are you guys talking about what's going
on Daffy you're the party leader
what are you telling these people well I
do reckon that where I'm that we're
talking we're talking excitedly about
the zoo okay
Toki has been going on and on and on
about the zoo how excited she is to see
how these animals and nevets
I as soon as it really paying attention
but Daffy is responding enthusiastically
and Lenny as well and yeah we're mostly
sharing little anecdotes about animals
inside yes yes Chuckie what is it about
this Zoo this circus it's got you
excited I want to turn into I'm excited
to see new animals that I haven't seen
before
why do you want to be a gorilla look
what this fats and it's pretty frigging
great they're not that strong Toki of
course no one's as strong as you Lenny
I'm gonna give him a little pinch on the
cheeks like as much as a bit short stay
chill let me go up you're gonna have to
pinch a different set of cheeks then you
were way too short
but I am only he can give you consent
squeeze his hand then no you're too
funny and kind miss Toki
come here you're you're too funny and
claim to honey deaf deaf is amused we
should consider what types of contracts
we'd feel comfortable taking when we get
to the next town seems like we
overloaded ourselves a little bit
chronic maybe we should be a little bit
more selective this time oh I don't
think I don't think we need to be
selective we did great everything always
works itself out why you talk business
just think it would be good to keep our
mind focused on the tasks ahead so we're
not taken by surprise again by any
surprise missions you're so smart we
appreciate your input methods thank you
so what is everyone's passive perception
now that we're talking about it okay my
perception is 4 and then observant would
give me plus 5 so 9 I think okay but
your passive perceptions I'm just
looking at other skills or unless is not
the place to look at it under this stuff
yeah that's about right so you're past
the perception would be 10 plus whatever
that is
so you'd be at 19 passive perception
nevets sure yeah fantastic it is yeah
Wow all right thanks well you will
definitely see this coming we don't even
need to roll any checks for it then as
you are walking along the crimson rapids
from chronic to whaler's bay before you
even get to swamp Reed you spot
something up in the skies you're sort of
casually glancing around and you see two
wing shapes too large wing in shape sort
of a aligning themselves with the Sun to
kind of be hidden from you but you see
them moving towards the the direction of
the Sun and in relation to you and kind
of disappearing into that bright spot
that you can't quite look at do we know
what it is
um nevets can roll me a what would be a
good check here in Ebbets she have us
something you'd like to recommend I
think I should be able to perceive the
type of flight I'm sure that certain
creatures move in certain ways dragons
maybe flap their wings quite slowly
smaller birds or different types of
things might move yeah maybe we'd like a
nature check yeah really you should sort
of perception things ah that definitely
sounds more like a nature check because
you got to know the sort of creatures
and what creatures might act in which
way hmm okay alright corbs alright let
me uh I try this one hold on I'm not
feeling good about this roll not an
investigation check right no you're not
looking for clues you're you're trying
to deem that determine the nature of a
creature okay you know what love it's
good enough these things are big and the
only big thing that flies around here
are Griffins except for the giant rock
that lives on the mountain but that
would be way too big so you've
definitely seen a pair of Griffin's
are we all seeing these are mighty alone
that season you're the only one with
high enough perception everyone else is
sort of like chatting amongst themselves
about gorillas or I'm just you know
Barilla before I want to become a
gorilla
I've wrestled the gorilla before let me
play you a song about gorillas you know
alright I like it I kind of like lean
back and I kind of nudged death a little
bit hey Daffy just so you know we got a
couple of Griffin's flying above maybe
their trouble maybe they're not we
should probably be on alert though
thanks nervous what do we know about
Griffins them some horse flesh they will
fight to the death over horses or donkey
nope you can't turn anything that can
fly until level eight did it look like
they're like circling us like as they're
gonna like attack or something with my
two evil T oh I can't see no they've
lined up with the Sun to block
themselves from your field of view I
would like to alert the rest of
the party calmly I think there are some
Griffin's flying head what was that
is that an action the tui Ranger ability
which Ranger ability my rabbit when
dealing with an animal or an animal
trained to attack the animal must roll
at wisdom saving throw versus the
Rangers charisma to resist the Rangers
overtures if the creature fails the
saving throw its reaction to be shifted
one category as the Rangers uses of
course the Ranger must be at front of
the party and must approach the creature
fearlessly right so that might work if
you were walking across a Griffin who
was standing on the ground in front of
you but it's not approach but yeah you
would need to be able to like approach
them and interact with them get their
attention if you can't see it or really
you know reach out to it some way is
that a bonus action for like feature I
guess is that a bonus action is that a
full-on like at ah it's like nah a
non-combat action like you wouldn't do
it as an action in combat you would do
it outside of combat to like defuse the
whole situation or whatever on it okay
so we don't we don't have any horses or
donkeys we're just on foot chillin yeah
the Griffins have been known to attack
people when they're hungry but they
usually won't fight to the death over
people do we know things that they don't
like no they're pretty much the top of
the food chain I'm going to use magic
stone and magic stone I'm going to give
some to death you make some magic stones
for daffy okay what are these attacking
in case you run out of spells or
something like last time Thank You Toki
alright yeah
you have three magic rocks and it's
right about now that the Griffins break
into view sort of dipping just below the
line of the Sun claws outstretched not
quite shrieking at you as they read like
that yeah weird it where we already
getting our
no no you guys all said like you're kind
of ready Toki is the only one who said
like I'm gonna prep this thing everyone
else seems to just come be like I don't
know we'll be on the lookout I didn't
hear any ready actions I'm hearing your
preparations sounds like you guys have
no idea this is coming guys we need to
be better all right that's right you
already
but the Griffins will both dive bomb in
the opening round of that along this
trail combat sounds and get you guys all
ready for this
so the first Griffin makes a sweeping
dive towards Toki it will come towards
here it will make its attack and will
start with its claws all right so the
first of the claw attacks comes for you
Toki with a 25 to hit does that grab you
holy crap that's a great roll and the
second claw comes on in as well oh my
god with another 25 I'm rolling these
openly and publicly I can't be cheating
you're gonna take a whopping holy crap
no oh my god all right additionally the
Griffon doesn't just come down and rake
you with its claws it comes down sinks
it's claws into you and tries to fly off
with you and now we need to know how
much you weigh Toki how much do you
weigh and how much is all of your gear
on you can the Griffon fly with you I
weigh okay without my gear can I can I
turn into something in the middle of
this or no on your turn as a bonus
action you can do it but not right now
so you weigh 133 pounds with all of your
gear which is what
all within the Griffons range so it just
picks you up in its claws toki continues
to fly away it shrieks the second one
coming on in from behind goes right for
Daffy with the exact same strategy no
dad's dead
clawed for death 19 to hit you'll take 6
damage
well that's minimal damage and the
second claw attack comes in with the 24
to hit and 6 more damage we don't want
minimum on Daffy holy crap one of those
moments where I'm glad I rolled these
things publicly because you guys would
never have believed for ones on 46 maybe
you might have been a little smarter
yeah yeah how much does Daffy weigh 200
pounds all right death the Gryphon grabs
you and also continues its flight with
you so you and toki are both being
carried off by a pair of Griffins let's
roll initiative okay wait so for these
things like there's no um there's no
check or whatever for the grab they
don't know there's no contestant
athletics or grab they automatically
grapple during a dive bomb only yeah
yeah but it fur goes there be Kotak in
this situation
wait why why we roll initiative mouse
wait oh do you want to just leave them
to die wait there's no way they actually
got like a full sneak attack routed we
saw them and we were like readying for
them right I can understand I'm having
the ready to tax but there's no way
that's a sneak attack like that can't be
what's ok we'll say they've one
initiative that route sure yeah that's
ok I can understand that we didn't ready
attacks but it's not like I said like
hey watch for the groomers then we all
turn around it's like oh no it's like ok
here some sort of like the Griffins are
coming I pull up my weapons and face
that direction rather than like well
there's great friends around but let's
just well because initially you said
that they're like circling the sky right
I'm gonna take out my sword for like
something way up but now I feel like
moving into attack because Lenny himself
I think initially asked like are they
like doing anything like moving who
tagging is like oh we're another flying
or diver but that's okay alright there's
long as yeah right so here's a little
behind the screen moment for you gotcha
infants were hiding within the Sun to
not have you see them when they dive
bomb on you it is a hunting technique
they use to like line themselves up with
the Sun so the people they're about to
dive bomb or the creatures they're about
to dive bomb can't see them coming and
that's how they make their ambush
attacks from the sky no way hold on now
if that's true then that means they
shouldn't be attacking us from behind
because we're headed north I imagine it
could either be midday or not midday so
like the Sun travels from east to west
so how are they going to dive on us and
then hit the back of our line if they're
coming in directly from Wow because the
Sun is usually in the southern
hemisphere okay so if you're traveling
north then the Sun is probably behind
you especially during the middle of the
day okay so we ride mid that and
remember getting an exact time here
quite a bit but so we're at midday
whether you're in midday or early day or
late day that actually works kind of
well okay I pull out my bow if these
creatures are attacked while they're
holding on somebody do you think um do
they have to make a check to remain
holding on to them or why don't you
shoot them and find out okay why don't I
let's do it okay I would like to use on
the on the Griffin that's holding uh oh
man what a choice they've dived bomb
down picked them up they're about 15 20
feet I see yeah okay so I have 25 feet
of movement or 30 I think even with
nevets passive perception he couldn't
see it coming
no he did call them like he saw them
getting into the attack formation and
then like they were gone and he didn't
realize that that was me like dive
bombing attack formation it was uh you
were
all right I'm just going since you
grabbed grab first I'm gonna use
insightful fighting on the under
Griffith Griffin because I'm gonna try
to get my snake attack bonus so I can
make an insight check against a creature
that you see that it's an incapacitated
it has to be contested by the targets
charisma check a deception check so okay
there's my insight and then they need to
make a let's deception okay -1 on the
roll alright then I'll just be shooting
a bow I don't do I get ya know okay I
should it get flanking do 15 will hit do
you get flanking no I don't think that
the Griffin has grappled Lily
the Ghul is not presently threatening
okay ok waves 6 damage lovely alright
Griffin takes 6 damage that's nevets
turn Toki it's your turn
it's dangerous you've been grappled by
Griffin it takes an action to try and
escape if you want what if I turn into a
bear right now can get I mean great
question what happens if you turn into a
bear it'll have to let me go right all
of a sudden I go from like a tiny little
dwarf it might fall with you too if
you've never been grappled by a Griffin
before you don't know exactly how it
works out but if you think that's a good
plan then you should do it wait how far
out the 9 15 20 feet not much lilz mom I
don't know but you got to make your
decision what are you gonna turn into
something big something small like a
house cat I can land on my feet
sure you want to turn into a house cat
come on boys I know I'm pressuring you
that's you sure right how's cat named
bear possibly the greatest bear you can
possibly be all right definitely that
yeah okay
when I turn into it I want to hold on to
the Griffons Talon and try to drag it be
it should lift up a bear like that's Big
Bear we're gonna find out so you can
actually see under the claws attack
unless coy boosts change it Griffins may
fly while carrying no more than 270
pounds I don't know if that's under
query throws I met oh those are custom
rules that I have added so yes bear is
the right decision
house cat would have been terrible it
would have just carried you away and you
would have died when you turn into a
bear you will roll me 3d eight plus six
hit points 21 more than the average
lovely and the Griffon cannot sustain
the weight of the bear and immediately
still holding on to your fur comes like
crashing to the ground with you your
descent is slightly slowed by the
Griffon still trying to flap and the two
of you end up sort of on the shore of
the Crimson Rapids right here all right
now that you've used your bonus action
to turn into a bear what do you want
your primary action to be um so that's
still in the air right yup airborne I'm
just gonna attack this Linda do it
how far are we from the ground what
happens when we 15 to 20 feet if you
just fall then you take one to two d6
damage you bite the bear the Griffon to
no avail you claw the Griffon and get a
nice good handful of feathers underneath
it's the nape of its neck dealing eight
points of damage to the winged creature
Lenny
okay so there are fifteen to twenty feet
above Mia mm-hmm yeah in the air so five
to are 10 to 15 feet above you um I'm
gonna run over here and I'm going to use
a bonus action to see if this works
can I shield Master it and try to shove
it prone like you want to jump up into
the air and hit the Griffon with their
shield and bring it down to the ground
bring it down around I will say if you
want to climb this rock and leap off the
rock you will be able to get enough
height to get an attack on the creature
but it's going to require a really good
athletics check to like hop on the rock
and hop off it fast enough before the
Griffon flies away so give me a dc-15a
Flett exchage do you have inspiration
from the hospital if you have an
inspiration and I will use that alright
there you go yeah okay oh you hop up you
jump into the air you just narrowly get
close enough to bash the back end of the
Griffon with your shield what are you
doing this is a joke right
yeah how does it work take the attack
action on your turn you can use a bonus
action to try to shove a creature within
5 feet of you using your shield
ah and I believe it knocks them prone
yeah knock some guy feet or prone you
get to choose I would be going for prone
okay so I'm not gonna Griffin out of the
sky I hope you cut a small like damage
how what is the opposed role that needs
to be done with this shove action oh if
you take an item tack action right but
there should be a rule involved with it
I should say when you make an athletics
check contested by the targets athletics
or acrobatics fantastic so give me an
athletics check contested by the
Griffons athletics which is a twelve so
you hit the Gryphon in the hindquarters
maybe like you dangle on to its foot a
little bit disrupting its flight path
enough that the whole thing careens
towards the ground and on the Griffins I
guess as you hit the ground the Griffin
comes stumbling landing with Daffy does
it take fall again it's more of a
controlled fall because you just like
sort of knock and it tumbles and yeah
okay I I saw this coming and tonight
right like I saw this happening well it
is Daffy Stern well yeah bonus bonus
action is the rage and the attack action
is the bash right oh we well yeah bonus
action would wait is rage a bonus
section I think it is but yeah it would
have been but we agreed that shield
mastery is a bonus action as well so so
you would get an attack okay so then you
couldn't rage but you could jump bonus
action with the shield and then attack
action would be the thing yeah if that's
if you want to if that's fine I didn't
find yeah that's perfect yeah no rage
though then yeah you can make yourself a
melee attack and then we'll go to Daffy
stern and we'll see things everything
14s a hit no it's a controlled fall the
Griffin isn't like just plummeting out
of the sky right it kind of like just
careens towards the ground and hits it
12 points of damage is heavy damage on
our wing it horse with our eagled horse
it is - sir
heavy damage I'm looking at it and you
might be looking at it it's 1/6 of the
creatures HP that's that's nothing to
shake your sick at um it's like 15% okay
so I don't have to roll athletics or
acrobatics right I'm good you're good
yeah
you are still in the Eagles talons the
Griffins talons but you are now on the
ground um I guess it's sort of under it
okay what do you want to do I'm going to
use I think I just want to use smart
cookie cure wounds add one and heal
myself for 11 points of damage like hmm
yeah excellent I am impressed and then
with my weight can I use disengage as a
bonus action unfortunately no you got to
be a rogue but even if you could you're
still grappled by the creature and going
to yeah you need to escape the grapple
but that's an action instead of the
spell may be one or the other I'm so
sorry to have no that's okay I'll just
heal that's probably for the best anyway
um and I suppose with my bonus I mean I
can't really do anything anyway because
mm-hmm
unless you have a bonus action you'd
like to do
I think cutting words is a reaction like
you do it on the enemy's turn when
they're doing something but Bartek
information is a bonus action um the
magic stone is that considered that's a
bonus action rate it says it's a bonus
but if I give it to someone else can
they throw it out there upon it no it
would be their action to throw it
so do you have a a I do but I'm just
gonna alright
it'd be Griffin on Toki's back goes now
it spray has just turned from a plump
little dwarf that's a perfect morsel
into a bear and the Griffin is a little
bit disturbed by this it's not used to
its prey changing shape so it makes a
morale check and does not do too well
here the Griffin will use its action to
disengage from the bear pressing its
claws down into your hindquarters and
leaping off of you and flying away as a
disengage and so it will cruise about
this far and there's about 30 feet up
now the second Griffin has come down to
the earth but it's still got its prey in
its claws so what's it gonna do it did
get hit from behind mmm it's gonna start
by just trying to fly with Daffy which
will provoke an opportunity attack from
our beloved barbarian Oh 13 Wow
another good hit on the Griffin who gets
kind of far away but then stumbles in
its flight because it gets hit it starts
to go down again recovers starts to fly
up and it manages to get how where were
you before you can get let's say you
can't move your full speed you can get
to about over here but you've only the
Griffins only gained like 15 feet of
altitude in that spot because it did
come down and readjust and fly back up
but it is flying away with Daffy it's
already got him in his claws and so it's
just gonna make a beak attack against
you Daffy to try and like rip out your
neck before you cause any problems for
it its claws already in you so it just
makes a beak attack at advantage which
will hit when we buy another one on the
damage - Daffy Daffy you have
nevets well I have a question on the
Griffis positioning so if you're flying
or whatever and your movement are you'd
allowed to take like so like say you go
like 30 feet up are you allowed to go
forward at all at that point if the
flying creature only has 30 feet of
movement other usually don't just go up
they usually go jack it's like
diagonally okay I'm not doing a lot of
precise math on the altitude I'm kind of
winging it because I don't want to do
geometry right now I was just curious if
you can if you're growing up at all like
if you can move vertically but it's
sunshine definitely yeah
okay all right step forward 30 feet I'm
gonna go ahead and do another insightful
fighting so I'm gonna make an insight
check contested by his deception check
22 8 okay so that means I will get to
apply my snake attack on the shrimp boat
attack if it hits mm-hmm you can see
exactly which way it's about to careen
as your arrow strikes it so 10 piercing
damage plus my snake if I could be
another 4 damage ooh the Griffin is at
below and because it is so wounded now
I'm gonna give it a strength check DC 15
to continue carrying daph away because
it is now a badly wounded Griffin and it
fails so it takes this shot and just
lets go of Daffy who falls into the
water below
conveniently taking no falling damage
Toki how much can I run up to it your
bear has 40 feet of movement that the
Griffin is like 10 feet in the air just
go as close to it as possible do we have
the swimming sheet is that in the
traveling party it should be in the
handout handouts I'll give it to you
shortly
thanks I think we're considering that
situation with all of you guys nearby it
should be fine but in theory he might
drown Lenny Lenny will have saw def
jumped in the waterfall
I'm gonna run 60 feet and like as far as
I can I guess mm-hmm and
attempt to grab them or if I'm out of
movement I'll wait for the next turn to
grab them for them to grab onto me yeah
so you get 60 feet in you get about up
to your waist and water you can see the
bubbles for where Daffy just hit the
ground and splashed but you don't have
enough movement to get to death it's
your turn buddy and your strength isn't
super high you've got all your clothes
on you also have like your leather armor
you've got your backpack with your
bedroll attached to it you've got your
actually like costumes in there you've
got your disguise kit your violin is in
its case also submerged so you're kind
of like heavy with all of this stuff
that's soaking up water as you plummet
you know maybe a half a foot overhead
into the water
oh my no no you have been let go but you
are sinking seeing Lenny I will begin to
swim towards my friend for help yeah not
a problem you actually are basically on
the floor of the river and you can serve
these women walk combo you were dropped
in the middle of the river you might be
in serious trouble but right there on
the edge it's fine oh not serious all
right
now you break out of the water what do
you wanna do uh I would love to use I
guess I will use I don't think I want to
use it
okay I'm gonna use my short bow I think
I don't want to use any spells so I'm
just gonna okay all right so you whip
out your short bow take a shot at the
Griffon what did you roll I'm sorry wait
isn't that an advantage since season no
it's not an advantage a ten is going to
be a miss your arrow whistles by the
Gryphon and it's the Griffins turns and
they just [ __ ] off they just leave you
guys are more work than it's worth for
them and they fly away they've got a fly
speed of 80 so if they just - they can
go 160 and they're they're just gone
yeah and the Griffins have been routed
defeated avoided to say totally
navigated yeah and you find yourselves
back alongside the edge of the rusty
Rapids the crimson Rapids so named for
the plentiful iron in the land nearby
which kind of colors the the river a
little bit red why are we always saving
you deaf you're supposed to be leader
leaders hire people makes sense well
okay I guess we got to keep going guys
we need to get moving before any more
Griffins show up let's go excellent you
guys continue your journey and wind up
in whaler's bay that evening you arrive
in the town and are greeted by a pair of
dwarven guards that stand at it's not
quite a gate because the town's not
walled but on the main road coming in
mm-hmm
they give you all the up and down they
see the weapons you're carrying but they
also seem to be like bloody claw marks
leaving from your shoulders and not to
themselves appreciably one of them says
hey there ladies welcome to whaler's bay
you uh what are you doing here
[Music]
hello human hello we're a traveling
party here a friend of ours
nice to meet you one of the dwarves
sticks out of hand and says I'm grubby
it's nice to meet you nice to meet you
as well girlie
nice to meet you grubby grubby throws a
quick look to Daffy flight and then like
puts his eyes near on on Lenny and then
back to Daffy and then back to letting
him back to Daffy and gives you like a
raised eyebrow
he's uh he's not the brightest but I
wanna Pat Lenny on the back it's me he
gets the job done
mm-hmm well what sort of work are you
here for if that be it um we're actually
not here for work we are we're visiting
in town on a vacation of sorts we're
actually planning on going to the zoos
did Wharf nods to himself okay
I'll enjoy your time in whaler's bay try
not to cause any trouble we okay and you
guys are here you haven't encountered a
single other person on the road all day
hey while we're doing that I I tap tap
on the shoulder and I whispered to him
hey Dad
you handled that conversation really
well I'm proud of you thank you you have
to speak to towards real slow very dumb
creature oh [ __ ] not you miss Toki the
other ones the bad ones we need a
serious discussion about you it was a
species I was just told by walking man
one day he said wow yeah you come on
into town it is late in the afternoon
the Sun is beginning to set everyone is
kind of heading
back to their own little areas you can
see a whole fleet of ships bobbing in
and out of the waves down by the harbor
the town is well kind of rowdy do you
see some people and some like minor
scuffles but people tend to be
good-natured you see lots of smiles you
know waves from strangers as you walk by
that sort of thing that seems like a
friendly enough place and as you walk
the town streets you find a few Inns
right here there are two ends down by
the the ocean that you can stay in one
is called the clamshell the other is
called the porch and brothel the
clamshell kind of looks like your motel
6 in the middle of Wyoming if that makes
any sense to you yeah yeah and the port
and brothel is more of like you know the
cheap in down by the docks and New
Orleans
well the corners also we're gonna go to
the brothel alright guys Lenny have you
ever been with a woman no would you like
to know okay okay well I mean it's night
it's gone gone on towards evening here
so what do you want to do with your
evening in town tonight we came here
okay yeah so I would like you said that
there were two taverns and a brothel
there were two taverns one of them is
also a brothel okay you can get a room
by yourself for a broom with company so
I have a question about my thieves I
can't can't can't can't I think it's at
the expanse right would I be able to
overhear a conversation with two people
trying to do this and decipher what's
being said or no do you see what I'm
saying yeah yeah definitely if you
wanted to pull me like some sort of
eavesdropping thing to listen
on some conversations you might be able
to catch a deal going around okay
and then would I be able to combine that
with my observant so for instance let's
say I'm sitting across from someone else
at a bar would I be able to read their
lips and even if they were speaking in
like a coded language or whatever I
could use my thieves can to understand
what they're saying at a distance
probably yeah that would work really
well then with my evening I guess I'd
like to spend like a few hours like in
both like taverns just kind of watching
people watching I guess grab a drink go
to the corner and then just kind of like
look around to see if I could spot
anybody I should be able to tell when
somebody is speaking in like a form of
coded language right like I should be
absolutely yeah okay
yeah then I would do that between the
two Tarrance that's what else my minute
my night doing excellent what else would
you guys like to do for your with your
evening we came here because we heard
that there was commotion right in
trouble yeah you heard there might be
work here for you so I would like to
inquire about that very carefully you
just kind of walk around talk to people
ask them what the town's about kind of
you know up here as a tourist wonderful
and what about you poked poachy
picky Lilly I'm sorry coming through
oh that's another town oh yeah you would
get a boat from here to go to that town
where the circus is gonna be in just a
few more days sure let's see yeah that's
great and what about you Lenny
I'm sort of doing their own thing
what does Lenny want to do have you ever
seen the ocean before Lenny you know
what Lenny hasn't seen the ocean and
what do you care though that's a good
question I think Lenny wants to eat is
there like a Old Country Buffet in this
town or like what kind of what kind of
fast food or uh you know buffet do you
got in this town for Lenny is Lenny a
Golden Corral
he was he wasn't much food they're mad
you want to get on down to the clam
shell then because they do a clambake
every day and it is all you can eat
seafood but there's like you know a big
upfront price and then it's just is
they're pretty the most in the day is
there like an eating contest over here
to there hmm okay of course it's well
actually that's gonna be at the port and
brothel that's the more lively place you
go down to the port and brothel and you
can get yourself in an eating contest
there you want to get into one really
winner doesn't pay for anything that the
loser pays for three times the amount of
food that they've eaten so it's a gamble
some money how much would this cost it's
gonna be a gold to enter there's no way
well no it's gonna be a hundred fifty
bucks enter so well a gold and five
silver can I go with him
sure alright you arrive with him enter
eating contest miss Toki I'm gonna pay
for him I'm like who do I give this cold
quick tip there was a woman in one of
those like shelf push-up bra type things
wearing a black and red skirt high in
the front low in the back like silver
arm bracers on her hair's done up in
some sort of like weird teal fishnet II
thingy going on and she's got like some
chopsticks going through it to keep it
in a in like a nice little bun she is
the master of ceremonies here and she
will be taking your money and
encouraging you to eat faster Lenny eat
faster and what I'm gonna need you to do
Lenny is first off you're gonna roll me
a Neustadt this is called your grub
skill stat it's the most important stat
you'll ever get roll me 3d six and that
is your ability to appreciate ooh food
he doesn't need to appreciate food to
eat eight well maybe maybe not
but you're gonna be making an opposed
grub skill checks against the three
other people in here
and we'll see which one of you wins let
me roll their grub still real quick
uh-huh remember all the how he traded
some numbers so that we could make our
party how we wanted it to be sure if we
would have all our drug skills then get
higher could we trade with muesli that's
you could but would you really want to
give away a high grub skill score to
someone else it's the most important
stat you'll ever roll yes actually I
would you're a great person but it's 36
right yes 3 to 6 you got a record this
summer on your sheet you only go that's
a 12 12 oh that's good anybody else want
to I would like to roll as well I need
to prove to everybody that my takes I'm
like in and out and what not are
actually factually correct okay I'm give
me a I'm ready for a 14 or higher
because you know what cheese pizza is
not real pizza all right in and out is
not good food all right
3d six voice if I get a [ __ ] number I'm
cutting stream break when we come back
we'll do our eating contest
see you guys on the other side hello
everybody and welcome back to have dice
and men were last we left the party they
were in or about to start in eating
contest but we wanted to adjust some
grub skills here
someone might wanted to trade some stats
around I feel like in the more Lenny
should have the highest grubs bill you
guys don't need to appreciate food like
Lenny does so I would like the highest a
from everybody I actually 100% agree
with that white greedy buddy okay Lenny
gets no brain [ __ ] but he wants to use
it you want us to give you my six lilies
four and then Stephens three yeah and
they all change all four twos think
about it we're gonna be in castle one
day and I'm gonna need we're gonna need
somebody to eat off like that's just
gonna happen there's gonna be an eating
contest what do you guys think what do
you guys think about
giving away your grub score I have a
seven so I can you give away a three and
you get a two instant you have a sick
what's wrong mean what do you mean this
is all Letty has that's what else do you
have going for you in your life other
than the appreciation of food that's
true okay you can have my six ok thank
you that's that's beautiful all right
Mouton you're at a 10k Torino you're at
a fort at an eight hold on wait can i
lovely can I have one of your forests
and give you a - oh thank you
all right now Steve can give you - [ __ ]
no ok I'm gonna talk alright pretty high
ten is average so twelve eighteen okay
I'm gonna put it in your under your
character appearance on all your sheets
we've got a grub skill for Lenny is
gonna be what do we say twelve way no
would you take both wait for us can I
have both deerforce oh okay grubs go for
Lenny it's 14 grub skill for Toki are
you sure you want to do this alright so
you get three and four is 7k Torino yes
yeah you get would you get eight eight
okay all right there sorry for you're
playing with your sheet you have an
eight and nevets you have a grub skill
of seven good please don't ever mess
with my character sheet again clay
that's very personal
he's um unit I was excited to hear him
roast me and responding not so meeting
wait a minut huh
hello I can't hear man making a joke
because yeah she totally tried yes
he's trying to drill into us that we
should interrupt him and we wanted the
saurians
we're not gonna be able to hear him talk
or hear a story I can pretend like we
can fill it it wait no it's can read
lips good I'd like everything know that
I didn't erupt them Lenny hey Lenny Tim
yeah Lenny yes hello
ready yeah go I'd say I roll one day one
one day twenty plus rub skills yeah
thank you twenty-nine that is an amazing
grub skill role there you managed to
scarf down twenty nine clams in under a
minute that is some impressive planning
the first person next to you manages to
get from twenty-eight clams and you can
see this person is just shoving them
down but there's a moment where he stops
his face goes kind of green his cheeks
swell up again and then he shoves it all
back down and keeps going but he only
scores twenty eight the person next to
him at the table holy crap gets a
natural twenty enrolls a twenty nine on
their grub skill this person packs them
away faster than you could imagine but
your mouth is just so much bigger and
your hands are so much stronger that you
could just rip the clams apart to the
you know you get them you could rip the
clams open faster beer a little slower
on eating them so you guys about tie and
the last person at the end of the table
rolls a thirty fourteen plus 16 and just
Wolf's down all the clams you're at the
end of the minute you're sitting back
belly a little bit bigger than you're
used to
a whole bunch of slippery slimy uncooked
claim
ah wait your might cut up for that Pete
wake and you're not here mr. Monroe wait
[ __ ] [ __ ]
ladies talking wait can you hear me I
can't tell this kid anymore yeah I don't
think a New York why boom no wait wait
boy your shits [ __ ] cuz I'm gonna love
you too it's a fix I can hear Katharina
okay I give you everybody yeah hello
yeah between you kind of sound like a
robot right now mr. Modine hello yeah
what are you know a mime you okay I'm
gonna change servers on the disk bird
call hold on why'd you guys all leap hey
Lily what's up how are you pretty good
how you don't dance
okay cloyd's what's up there we go okay
I was afraid annoy you really I just
couldn't hear you say yeah yeah that was
weird yeah well uh Kate Erina is a pair
shoes
whoo cool sorry about all that
where are we
29 and I think somebody else rolled a 29
someone else would you not hear me say
that someone rolled a 30 oh no I didn't
say oh my god yeah something guy at the
end of the table rolled a 30 packed it
all the way faster than you can imagine
and now you're sitting here with 29
uncooked raw slimy ass crabs rolling
around in your belly
wait I want periphery I want proof that
he ate 30 clams I want to see each clam
shell Lenny is in disbelief that he was
out eating the matron of the event the
MCV event a woman who goes by the name
of Mariana comes over and is applauding
the the winner
what's dice help me
a older woman actually at the end of the
table kind of like a you know 65 year
old woman with big wrinkles and long
white hair that's kind of disheveled
she's sitting back patting her belly
looking very pleased with herself
Mariana's saying once again she's won it
and would look at these great
contestants look at all these fantastic
people to people at 29 one at 28 and one
at 30 this was the closest clam race
we've ever had here
Lenny smashes the table attempting to
break again is met with raucous jeers
from the audience
someone throws a banana peel at your
direction they don't hit you with it
though
and there's cries up calm down big guy
Lenny with a mouth full will yell that
it is rigged it's rigged
Maryana lily is a wry smile slides the
plate of clam shells down towards you
and you count 60 individual clam shells
no Lenny miss counts there's only 46
here Lenny no periodic comes over and
she picks up the clams and goes one two
that's one two three that's you know and
goes through the whole list counting it
out before everyone doing some you know
Chuck and clam shells to people some
twirls and twists when she gets to round
numbers around the ladies area to see if
there's any like clam about yeah you go
poke around the old lady's chair and
that's clam free but she smiles at you
and reaches out of hand to pat your head
is your dental in all fours look around
you absolutely when she's conning the
clowns can I like you know try to sneak
like sneak a clam off this like that all
right give me a really good sleight of
hand because there's a whole crowd
watching so you're gonna need out you're
gonna need to beat a 15 you're gonna be
a 16 or higher on your sleight of hand
with really visible heavens variation
do you have inspiration she made the top
left I must have gotten like inspiration
at some point I think we all got
inspiration so mark the cotton one well
if you had it you've already used it cuz
it's not marked on your sheet can we can
I give her Bartek inspiration you're not
that I know I think it just literally
went with just get out early really just
roll well just roll high just roll a 16
look at the door she's flipping shells
and Mariana looks to Lily and just
shakes her head saying Oh Deary Deary
Deary are you trying to cheat for your
friend have you lost that much face than
this well why don't we have a brand new
contest so the two of you can reclaim
your lost honor are you ready for the
lobster crawled is a two it is a teamed
event where you spill coffee all over
your desk and desperately look for a
towel to clean it up yeah whoever won
you won the contest good job thank you
I found a towel all right in the lobster
crawl contest two people will form sort
of a line well the person behind lays
over the person front and wraps their
arms around their waist the person in
front kicks their legs back up around
the other place person forming one long
prone creature with the back legs of the
back person and the front arms of the
front person and then we race to see who
can like cover the barroom floor in the
shortest amount of time it requires
physical strength teamwork and a hard
exoskeleton I'm ready
hours cleaning up for what whatever I
never wait um actually about the coffee
I actually just spilled coffee on my own
desk yeah that's nothing to Lily it's
good what are the checks Kroy do I think
Lily would you like to do this lobster
crawl with Lenny here now do you want to
about coordination and teamwork it's
another two gold to enter the winner
wins its it is a fame and fortune and
being the winner sort of event there's
no prize there's just honor and pride oh
look at the poor sports leaving the
table everyone give a big boo for our
cheaters and poor sports there's also
some cheering everyone's just having a
good time and no one really takes a
chair he's very insulted like to break
it
Maryana gives up oh and the chair goes
give me a one D 20 or give me okay when
have you roll a saving throw for the
chair
if it breaks everyone will cheer for you
be happy and if it fails to break drink
may want to be more I know the the chair
gets to make a saving photo it's saving
throw is you want to roll a 10 or higher
on a d20 to break the chair oh the chair
flies across the room hit something
awkwardly and just falls to the ground
not breaking there are tears as she goes
if go and it just hits the wall and
falls down the angry big man can't even
break a little chair oh I'm mortified
I'm like Lenny Lenny we got it go out
out the card Lenny tries to run through
the bar door just like run out I mean
there's saloon doors so you go right
through them they Oh
and they slam back shut behind you good
good
no any is torn up by this and always
work out well the rest of the party has
had what what were you doing again deaf
I was trying to get information so you
hear that there been some weirdos
lurking down by the docks some odd folks
kind of like sitting and watching the
ships coming in and out and like making
marks and books and when confronted or
asked they kind of just scattered been
some suspicious activity down by the
docks maybe maybe it's an impressionist
painting who's just really shy about
their process maybe it's a convert
smuggling organization trying to map out
everything who knows and nevets I need
you to make me a perception check wait
why because because you're trying to
read lips and pick up on what's going on
I expect me to look around and see
gotcha
does this count as a passive perception
checker isn't an active this is an
active perception check yeah that's
actually a fantastic role yeah so you
catch a little bit of conversation
that's going back and forth between
these it looks like three people four
people seated at a table but only two of
them are talking there's a woman with
red hair speaking to a sort of shorter
gentleman middle-aged with a whitish
blackish hair like salt-and-pepper style
and the gentleman is saying you can you
pick up on this because of the thieves
can't they're saying there's been a
change of plans but he mixes some other
words and they're saying like there's
been a flippity-flop that's been coming
up and I am
really mean much anyone but to you you
realize that this is like the the plans
have been changed and the the salt and
peppered haired person says Dublin ain't
gonna be making it in time so we're
gonna move all the cargo onto the sea
skipper
alright and the the woman in red hair
nods and goes the sea skip I'm not
familiar and the person with the salt
pepper salt and pepper hair says look
look you don't have to worry about that
I'm in charge of moving things you're in
charge of getting things all right just
so you know it's gonna be a little bit
late at its final destination but the
sea skipper
she's a reliable ship she'll get me
where I need to go you could take some
time and the red-haired woman's like I
don't like last-minute changes okay I
don't like them at all something smells
funny here a salt-and-pepper haired
person shakes his head and goes look
trust me you uphold your end of the deal
I have pulled my end of the deal and
this is all with mixed coded words kind
of replacing things here and there the
only things that are truly in common are
the the names of the ships so cargo is
being moved from one ship to another it
sounds like contraband it sounds like
there's been a slight change of plan
terms of how things are being
transported basically mm-hmm
and they don't mention like a time or a
date kind of ascertain whether or not
they're talking about this is happening
like tonight or it doesn't seem to be
particularly clear why don't you give me
an investigation check to try and piece
together some things from clues in the
conversation see if there's something in
there for you 22 yeah I just based on
the nervousness of the people around and
the way the conversation is like hushed
and moving quickly huh you get the
impression that this is happening very
soon like if it's not happening tonight
it's tomorrow or tomorrow night or maybe
like the next morning sometime coming up
soon there's some [ __ ] going on do
either these people ever refer to
anybody by name like a proper no no no
they don't use names at all and the name
of the ship you said remained constant
is it called like the skipper or
something or is that just like a general
terminology for the sea skipper that
would be a
named for a ship that's the one that
they're moving the cargo to the other
one is the Dublin is what they are the
ship that is not arriving in time good
watch Oh what time is it right now in
the evening not an exact but is it like
early evenings like afternoon is that
like getting pretty dark it's one beer
after sundown one beer after sundown so
I can assume that I have like several
hours before this probably takes place
like a few hours is it reasonably it
wouldn't happen yeah okay you would also
know that no ships are really gonna be
leaving tonight unless maybe you can get
on like maybe there's a ship parked way
out like outside of the harbor like
sitting way out at sea that you could
row to but you wouldn't try and leave
harbor in the middle of night okay
okay and then no mention of what the
cargo is right or any kind of just like
that okay all right the party eventually
all meets up met for the same tavern
same bar that day and you all go to bed
unless there's something else you wanted
done do it ah I'm sorry okay well guys
there's some trouble in this town wait
should I say it or can I just tell me to
say there a share with us maybe someone
else has forgotten maybe they weren't
paying attention okay
so basically I asked around and there's
been some sketchy figures around the
docks okay some trouble some ruffians
doing some rough funny stuff
and they there whenever anyone asks what
they're up to they scatter clearly
suspicious that sounds good death you're
a good leader well I hope that all of
this is outside of the the clamshell
place because Lenny will not be staying
there tonight
yeah well the the the stuff was at the
port and brothel that's where all the
fun stuff was oh right Oh Lenny will
refuse to stay there okay so deaf you
think you saw people scurrying around
the docks today literally removing cargo
from okay well I've overheard a bit of
news in one of the taverns sounds like
there are two ships for cargo is being
transferred from one to another and it
sounds like this is probably some sort
of contraband that they don't want
anybody to know about I don't know
what's being shipped but there are two
ships involved there is a Dublin and
there's AC skipper and cargo is going to
be transferred soon from the Dublin to
the C skipper it sounds like this might
be of interest to us but I don't know
what angle we would like to play here
it's up to you deaf
oh I think that we should investigate
ourselves and see from there well so
what we could do is we could take the
legal side we could try to approach the
authorities offer our services tell them
we'll do some investigating we could try
to find out who the cargo is being
shipped to or who the cargo is being
shipped from and maybe work with them in
some capacity depending on what's going
on we could pose as somebody that knows
information we could try to steal the
cargo ourselves but I mean yeah
ultimately though the the path that we
take is up to you
well there's no report yet that we know
of for catching these guys or stealing
cargo or anything like that so there's
no job unless there's payment involved
right I think we should go wherever well
that is true I'm sure that if we
approach whatever local sheriff or legal
entity is here I'm sure they would offer
some type of reward if we could catch
ships transferring illegal contraband
and their docks whether that reward has
to do with the value of the contraband
or what not I'm sure there's some
monetary compensation that'd be pretty
common here like if you catch somebody
doing something could go to a sheriff's
tournament and get some sort of
financial incentive or whatever for
doing this if it was a big enough crime
yeah you know not for a small [ __ ] but
well we can ask around see see what
would most interest us of course we
shouldn't we should pay attention a lot
at least a little bit because we never
paid attention to law anyways exactly
and that's the point that yes the law is
not important just make sure we don't
get caught if you don't get caught you
don't break the law there you go maybe
we should go to the docks first and
investigate maybe try to find out what
is actually being transferred or what
this cargo is maybe there'd be a good
place to start you guys want to do it
tonight yeah yes honey why did you
refuse to stay at the brothel what's
wrong
they make fun of me money will start to
cry Oh Dada a handkerchief
Daffy is very good at taking care of
people and knowing their needs so Daffy
tries to sing a song to cheer linea do
perform a check can you do this can you
sing sing first and if you do if if you
sing well then we give you advantage on
your performance check everything is
gonna be ok
partner because when people make fun of
you partner we will be friends to the
end and we will help you whatever you go
through we are here for you and there
are two of us actually for that we are
together and we're not gonna say in the
brothels because they are not the type
of people we want to be surrounded with
why don't you make yourself an early you
could have made advantage it got a
little lost in the end the beginning was
so strong though ok wait the last bar
the ending was really good it was it was
it was a joke you see because Shh we're
at a brothel and and sure rhymes with
with with another word and I was waiting
you to make you think that I was gonna
say that but I didn't
oh right over my head all right Lenny
give me an intelligence check if you
pass US intelligence check you
understood the double meaning and he's
got to do the intelligence check and he
bombs it you know it's a good song but
just like it went over my head it goes
right over lettings head and it's too
highfalutin for the rest of us lowly
commoners you're just too good thanks I
guess Daffy even though you don't sing
too well that was very shocked Daffy and
Lenny will be crying tonight it's not
been a good day in whaler's bay Toki and
nevets it looks like it's up to the two
of you to rally everyone's spirits and
go out and investigate that's definitely
not part of nevets job and isn't that
what never it's does so what guys we
don't come all this way
get your spirits up Lenny you might have
lost that food competition today but
does that mean you're a loser and really
actually no losers letti
pull out of all of us can eat the most
not me anymore that old lady can out of
all of us so it's you who have all of us
is the strongest it's you you as a bear
okay I walk up to I woke up to Lenny and
I and I guess I reach up and take his
hand because he's pretty tall right yeah
and I say Lenny listen up
yes I know you don't know a lot about
illegal shipping but I'm gonna tell you
some of the most money that's made in
this planet is illegally shipping exotic
fish and there is a chance that when we
go down to check out this cargo there
might be some of these crazy exotic fish
inside these containers Lenny if we get
these this will be some of the best fish
you've ever eaten in your entire life
you'll never keep one you can definitely
keep one if that's what's in these
containers for sure you'll get some of
the best food you've ever had in your
entire life Lenny Lenny is excited again
he is gonna get a fish now alright but
if there is no you guys head down to the
docks everyone rallied together and what
you're just like taking a look you're
just observing is there something you're
looking for in particular talk to me so
wants to get on to the docks
there's got to be some well I don't know
what to be like a master list anywhere
that would tell you like where each ship
is like doctor whatever obviously I want
to know where the Dublin and the sea
skipper are that would usually you just
use your eyes typically the harbor
master has a list of all the ships that
come and go when they come and go and
you can go and talk to them but they're
like down for the night
and they'll be able to give you any more
additional information on that subject
all right the ships generally labeled
like pretty obviously like is there
gonna be a giant ship with the sea
skipper
labeled on the side yeah well yeah the
names are on the sides for everyone to
see as you walk around and you actually
do find the see skipper she is pulled up
real close in one of these deepwater
Harbor slots over here and she just kind
of bobbing in the waves you can see the
Nightwatchman standing on the deck
chatting amongst themselves yeah
you do not see the Dublin though you
don't see that so the Dublin's nowhere
but the sea skipper is here yeah I told
you everything
is there anybody Trent it's in its
docked it's fully docked right like
ropes it's yep yep tied up and
everything are there people moving
anything to or from it nope it's just
the two night watchmen standing on the
deck hanging out there are some people
on the docks going about their business
like there's a couple of night fishermen
there you can see a pair of dwarves
walking along with their chainmail and
their shields and their spears guarding
you know just doing their the typical
patrol stuff okay quite at night yeah
sure so I mean I would tell the party uh
okay so there's gonna be some cargo
transferred from another ship called the
Dublin to the sea skipper or it may have
already been transferred what I can do
is I could probably swim out and sneak
around and do an investigation in the
sea skipper and then I could report back
what I find unless you guys have a
better idea are any cranny of you
feeling stealthy enough to join me on
this swim or am I gonna call me off
[Music]
all right well if I run into trouble
that's okay if I run into trouble or I
feel like I need help I'm gonna shout
howdy partner from the ship and you'll
know that a what is partner partner
we're like partners in business or
depending on our agents yeah like like
friends Lenny yeah howdy can I um I
guess then can I hop in the water and
like swim around to like the bastion or
ship so you'll be taking off most of
your gear for this swim then you want to
swim smoothly quietly and easily so what
gear do you want to keep on you while
you swim to the ship what do I need to
be so do I need to just get rid of my in
comfort or what are you well what you're
let me look the exact amount of weight
you can carry is it like out there
strength times 10 or something everyone
I think it's your strength score in
pounds so if you've got seven strength
you can carry seven pounds of non
buoyant gear before you have trouble
swimming that sounds really really local
ooh well the real I'm using like real
world models for this stuff it's
different like if you grab a barbell
like even a small five pound weight and
try and like swim around in a pool you
have a really hard time getting anywhere
the the swim-up records are surprisingly
low shockingly low okay well um I mean I
guess all I would want if I could would
be like my rapier and my thieves tools
yeah you can carry those on you without
any problem if you like strip off your
your boots and your backpack and your
your armor and all that stuff that's
fine because you wouldn't want a
swimming race no I'm a halfling stop
don't sexualize him death
yeah death especially as my leader like
that's like we got a lot of kind of
Weinstein me can you can you please tell
my my coworkers
I see out of care okay my bed okay
yeah then I get undressed behind like a
thing something where I can't be seen by
my perverted Ranger and yeah yeah
all right you strip off all most of your
stuff plop into the water and swim on
over towards the sea skipper let's see
the sailors are intentionally on watch
so I need you to make me a stealth check
that is below their passive perception
which is somewhere between 10 and 12
I'll be rolling for it now but give me a
stealth check above 16 wait are there
absolutely
the two there's a few other people about
you know there's someone doing some
nighttime fishing
there's a cup pair of dwarves walking
along guarding the area there's some
sort of old drunk hanging out by the end
of the dock you know singing song to
himself this may be like a romantic
couple hidden away somewhere that you
can't quite see but you can hear giggles
on the sea breeze learning into their
presence the docks are near to empty but
not entirely okay so if I so deaf being
pretty socially aware right uh-huh
you know if it would be strange if I
were to go up to these guards and start
talking to them uh if you didn't have a
purpose if you were just like shooting
the [ __ ] it might be a little bit weird
if you came up to them and just like hey
random people that are way out of the
way of my walking path I was going and
that might seem suspicious or off but if
you had a reason to go talk to them then
it might work out really well okay
are there other ships around me I'm
gonna give you a map in just a moment
okay we'll help I hope
Oh give her a mass hop maker not have a
heart attack why I'm gonna bring you to
a map right now guys this ship over here
in the upper right hand corner that I'm
pinging that hopefully you guys are
seeing is the sea skipper
yeah for some reason it doesn't have its
sails so let's get it with that sails on
kiss her oh she's a boat that's true I'm
gonna put you as a boat I leave I'm
gonna put you in a boat so you can choke
me out for my snout
for the clout for the clout sorry I
didn't mean this there are many ships
yes that one's probably sitting on two
there alright so there are the here's
the three big ships that you've got so
this is the distance between them and
all the the jazz do you who's your
favorite jazz artist here Laurie you
clearly don't love jazz alright looking
at the ships what are we doing herbs I
don't know you're the one that wanted to
swim on to them that's right well which
one is the sea skipper the top one okay
yeah I want to let go like I guess kind
of like to the beach and just swim out
obviously not like right on the dock or
in a place where I feel like I'm like
adequately shielded or covered by yeah
you could easily enter the water right
around there this is like a nice easy
way down and then you could go out along
the harbor that's good it's here and
then I don't know do you want to
somewhere out to the back side yeah it's
ready listen okay and death what are you
gonna do you said you're gonna get cover
yeah so so there's a lot of ships and
they're all being boarded but
they're not super close together right
uh-huh what's the status of this this
old buckaroo down here there are there's
one person hanging out near the the
mainmast
just chillin keeping an eye out because
you need a night watchman otherwise your
[ __ ] burns down and a whole bunch of
people die and these guys they're here
instead of where the other one is which
guys the the guys that are guarding this
this guy yes oh are they in a more
abnormal place no they're just in a
regular place it looks like it's a
regular day for them let me get a gang
mic up here for us I'm gonna go up to
them and try to talk to them haha
all right death I would I would love to
put on an air and carry myself very
confidently Daffy is pretty good at
performing I'm gonna use that to my
advantage
all right Daffy you show up to the ship
the two sailors look over towards you
and stop their conversation as you
approach the ship they look curious and
interested hello there ahoy um I was
just doing my nightly inspection and I
noticed you sniff I don't know if I've
seen it before what are what exactly are
you guys I'm what kind of goods are you
carrying here and who the [ __ ] are you
the Port Authority ah nicely yes nice to
meet you I'd like to put up my hand they
exchange nervous glances you're gonna
need to make me a deception check
against their passive intuition or a
passive insight to lie to them like this
that's a big lie there do it oh yeah
that's good enough thirteen will beat
their passive intuition site nice I
don't recognize you we filled out all
the paperwork the captain's already got
it all sorted away um and where is the
cat who is this captain I'm sorry
I I should have a list of all the
captains who who unloaded into this dock
Finch Finch
captain Finch I don't know if I've heard
of this Finch before what did you say
you guys are look there's a problem you
should take it up with Lydia storm front
all right I'm sorry lady storm front
she's got all of its squared away we
came in yesterday we sorted it out all
right and now where can I find this lady
storm front
now you've tipped your hand one of the
people approaches you and grabs one of
the belaying pins from the line the side
of the chip and goes you're part of the
port authority and you don't know lady
storm front yes I all we do to thieves
and Liars around here he says as he
steps menacingly towards you tapping the
belaying pin in his hand what I see
what's going on from from where you are
let's see no if we look at this map
there's like doors and walls and [ __ ] no
but let's flip over while Daffy is
getting himself into trouble oh yeah
nebith been slipping through did you
make your stealth check nevets no would
you like me to I would love you to 20
yeah Oh beautiful
yeah a stealthy I don't know why we have
a distraction I don't need it but okay
you can slip around the back of the ship
grab on to some of the netting the cargo
netting that's been tossed over the side
to make room for other stuff and pull
yourself up to the the brim of the ship
mm-hmm and you see these two sailors
arguing with Daffy one of them
threatening him with a belaying pin what
does a balloon stand by it's like a
short Club type thing that they stick
into like all these slots on the side of
a ship so you can like attach a rope to
it and you might need to change where
you tie the rope so you've got all these
different pins that fit into these
different slots so you can move them
around it also works as a really
improvise improvise Club Oh
so gimme body gestures what am I looking
at right now are these two guys that are
just like a little bit apprehensive they
seem a little bit irritated or are these
two people that are about to like jump
and like [ __ ] murdered
like do I need a role perception of this
like what am i you can see that the
person in the back has got his arms
crossed since watching the events
transpiring the person in front has
moved so he's on the gang plank so Daffy
can't get on the ship and he's just
casually threatening to beat you know
bash staffs heads in he's not actively
going after him it doesn't look like
there's gonna be a fight unless Daffy
gets any closer okay well then I don't
see anything is it can I slip underneath
like into the ship what are you call me
to go down into the holds or whatever
into the holes yeah yeah you want sure
give me nothing you just pull yourself
up on the ship with your great stealth
and slip down into the cargo hold where
you are greeted by boxes so okay real
quick boxes I should have said before
you said you were greeted by right I'm
not opening the door and running to the
center of the room like a [ __ ] and then
oh and now there are 15 archers on your
right so I opened the door I kind of
peeked down maybe a pause for a minute I
listened to whoever I hear breathing or
talking or movement or anything like
that as we see on the map once you come
up it's only a quick jaunt over to the
staircase that goes down to the main
hold okay it's only like a five foot jog
so you've been head down and already
hold yeah but there's like no I don't
hear any talking or whispering or people
around me or the whole this is really
put their cargo sounds good okay what
kind of box am I looking at does it all
look pretty uniform yeah it's a whole
hodgepodge of all sorts of crap old
boxes new boxes some of them have a what
do you call them stamps on the side but
when you burn it into it brands on the
sides of them some of them have no
labels some of them are like tied up as
well some of them are really like it
looks like a whole bunch of different
people's cargo has all been put on the
ship and it's sort of like cordoned into
different areas gotcha
when I look around is there anything
that looks out of place like new or like
this credit a little bit to reinforce
that might be there may be something
missing stamps or something like that
mm-hmm
give me an investigation check
what wait dig that can't be nevermind
okay Oh
click it
what click what did you click it yeah
hasn't shown up for us in chat that
you've rolled away Dave as Jennifer yeah
okay I see the seven yeah
it all looks pretty uniform it looks
like a regular ship Hall and other
people's crap just a standard merchant
ship okay and then is there any kind of
this isn't active it doesn't get add
this isn't passive perception right my
eye free detail doesn't help me here
whatever or I'm sorry my this is like a
proper investigation trying to deduce
things there's not like a master ship
list or anything that you would expect
to see in a boat like this Oh like cargo
manifest yeah there would be a cargo
manifest but that ship would be held in
my quarters okay you need like sneak
into the captain's quarters to take a
look at the manifest sure
oh okay so in conventional D&D I think
you're allowed to make a check every 10
minutes or an hour something how do you
play this in your world how would that
work I don't know what you mean by that
statement I'm so like for instance like
like so that you can't just infinitely
role like perception checks in like an
environment like you can make one like
every hour or every some number of
minutes or whatever it do you a what
kind of rule do you have for stuff like
if this situation appreciably chains you
can make it changes you can make a new
check but if it stays the same then your
check stays the same so like if you
wanted to investigate this area better
if you all of a sudden had massively
improved lighting like you brought a
torch or a lantern down here I could
give you a new investigation check but
otherwise okay okay is there is there
any other kind of lighting down here
that I can activate like a torch or
anything like that but my dear more
lanterns that you could light up but
you'll also notice that there's this
great right here an open staircase if
you light something you are guaranteed
to be spotted by the night watchman okay
well chill I didn't say one of Josh's
ask what was here okay
yeah prepping you okay could I make my
way back up is it feasible for me to
sneak into the captain's quarters he
said was gonna be very hard didn't can
do it it's legitimately possible but it
is going to be a difficult task so I
mean like where the captains quarters is
on the ship can you tell me so like this
so I'm looking at two people right here
arguing with death and then I come back
up here are the captain quarters like
down here to the south
yeah let me let me bring out the full
version of the ship two three four five
can email me schematics as well or I'm
actually just posting the schematics for
you to see right now I need measurements
and I need build up these are to scale
and wood is the building material okay
what kind of trees fifteen it's mostly
pine okay it is actually maybe not the
greatest ship you've ever seen okay
that's fine okay so am I able to head
south and make my way into the captains
quarters
yes so let's go move you you were in the
hold let me get the whole map out
because there's three layers to the ship
hold the main deck hold is okay yeah so
here you are here you're in the hole huh
you're right here the captain's quarters
are going to be they're gonna be up onto
the main deck and then in the back yeah
so so like this right here the second
one Yeah right there perfect yeah of
course all right what I need a new
stealth check from you to slip up the
stairs past the guards and over to the
captains area koi boo I've got 20s four
days okay or sixteen it's not even a
problem let's flip over back to DAF
while this is going on death okay you've
clearly pissed off one of the guards
he's come over on to the gangplank and
is threatening to bash your head in with
this club
to say there are no there are no thieves
and robbers here sir I would like to
have two very like a because you know
I'm a very like hoity-toity person right
and - scoff at his tannin didn't say I
she see skipper no no no the name of his
title of whose title this guy's title
mine your title oh you said you were oh
god what do we call it the Port
Authority Port Authority yeah I'll say
I'll say not only am i the Port
Authority sir but I am give 30 of
multiple ports and this is only one of
them so I'd appreciate if you'd get your
hands off me before I have to call the
guards column I'd love to see what they
have to say about someone trying to slip
in and pretend to be one of them you
know we've had all sorts of bilge rats
like you trying to crawl onto our ships
we don't really take kindly to this sort
of thing we're an upstanding crew we
don't participate in these sorts of
illegal activities and I don't like that
you're sneaking around trying to pretend
to be someone you're not you're an
upstanding crew who threatens the Port
Authority and will do ain't no Port
Authority do not interrupt me bring it
on little man wait how tall is this guy
it's not that tall I'm like five eight
I'm not I'm really probably see it might
same height is it you don't think five
eight is very short thanks Kerry no good
no it's not the same he's about five
eight - yeah about as big as a gnome as
far as I'm concerned what do you do
about it say I think so
by now the commotion has gotten loud
enough and you probably creeps close
enough that you can overhear the the
nonsense
I want to scoff at him and say you know
for a men for men whose
not really God's eyes on their side you
talk a pretty pretty big game huh are
you compensating for something sir holy
[Music]
[Laughter]
the one guy looks back to the other and
goes Travis you think we should keelhaul
this sucker
or should we let him go with the stern
warning Travis looks back and goes I
don't know it's been a while since we
keelhaul Danny buddy do you uh do you
know what a keelhaul is there mr. faker
fakers that what you're calling you know
I'd like to let that faker 20 anteus
moment of brilliance well cuz we heard
right
yeah you can hear this knob well yellow
duh we almost done with that ship we
have to check the next one
Lenny Toki please come here at once
we're having some trouble did you what
no Lenny big menacing guy will come up
what's the problem here yeah directly at
the guys with intimidating if you want
an intimidation check yeah give me an
intimidation check go for it as you come
in rest your arms level your look at
them with your heavy weapons and
everything they're not intimidated by
you
what do you do that's intimidating oh
I'd like aren't these people giving you
trouble do you want me to turn them into
mice again something like that you know
that's pretty intimidating dude might be
intimidated if I was yelling at me
alright go ahead give me an intimidation
check all right the front guy goes
Travis you should wake up the rest of
the crew looks like we got problems
I second thing forward before Travis can
leave and attempt to shove him down into
combat everybody
actually no no no then we're at her
break point let's take a break and when
we come back we'll enter combat thanks
Dan
wait do I get in a surprise since I
we're gonna do it when we come back from
break okay we're gonna hello everybody
and welcome back to Dyson men
we're gonna roll initiative because
Lenny has declared he wants to go shove
someone and that's gonna throw us into a
little bit of chaos here so rut ro
indeed you what can we uh I mean what it
sounded like the people people were way
closer to death with like the billy
clubs and stuff distance that they've
been okay yeah yeah
so you get ready to go shove this guy
and he reacts before you can do anything
he sees you getting ready like shove
past Daffy and this guy he's a clever
sailor
he's been on ships a long time he knows
what to do so he goes grabs the
gangplank and tries to just rip it out
from underneath desks feet dad I need
you to first off I need this guy to make
a successful athletics jack just evening
to it what she does with flying colors
Daffy I need you to make me a dexterity
saving throw dc-10 fine fine so he pulls
the gangplank out from underneath you
you maintain your footing you don't fall
anywhere and he just Chuck's it behind
him and now there is a gap between the
ship and you Lenny it's your turn wait
while I'm doing this can I take sure but
Lenny is acting just as you're like stop
but you know he started the whole thing
so he's going first
um when Lenny doesn't see the plank
there anymore I mean I don't think he's
gonna jump on the ship we're far enough
away from them and I
think it probably diffused the situation
because now we're not [ __ ] with them
I will stop my running across to like
shove him and say let's just get out of
here Duff Jaka forth um I agree we
should go grab some more guards looks
more like the fart authority to me I
want to say you'll regret that and then
walk away - storms off ah
alright what about you Toki
yeah you know what boy - you also turn
and leave three of you back out the
situation has been diffused no one's
dead no one's injured you guys all leave
meanwhile nevets you are sneaking around
you would have been in on the same page
on the same map you would have been
coming up these stairs as all this is
going down and just like slinking along
the edge over here into this room and
there's a doorway right here with a shut
door and this would be the captain's
quarters back here so you arrive at the
store there crouched in the darkness it
is what's the moon like today it's
important setting it is ooh - three days
before the new moon so it's actually
quite dark out right now these people
can't really see you from where they're
positioned only because like you're in a
darker area than they are and their eyes
won't adjust but if they come over here
closer to you they will definitely spot
you okay like if they were to walk like
that or not - this totally fine coins
all right can I go for now that I'm in
here
yeah can I go ahead and take a look for
the master cargo list sure you're gonna
have to pick the lock getting into the
capital does he lock his door at night
no this is his ship the door was
unlocked
you'd have to slip into his room and
look around for his manifest okay so
give me a stealth check - open the door
quietly it's a whole different ball game
oh is it in this padding what I need to
get what do I need to pass this not not
very high like a maybe a 12 not a
problem you open the door slip on in to
the captain's room it's a small area
it's basically got like a desk at one
end a bed at the other with like a
little chest at the end for holding some
things a small wardrobe off to another
side some things hanging from the
ceiling it's all very cluttered and
tight and yeah you can look around for
cargo manifests yep give me an
investigation check
I'll probably pass this with flying yep
no problem you quickly find the cargo
manifest it's on the top of the desk
right front and center
can you read nevets yes all right then
you can scan it I don't know how you're
gonna need to get somewhere where
there's at least a little bit of light
or set up a light in here there are some
candles lying around that you could
light with your flint and tinder but it
might wake up the captain who's in dead
where would the captain be sleeping but
beneath the deck er no no in this room
says it captain's quero he's literally
oh he sleeps in here yeah he's got here
he's on his bed in here I'll put a bed
on the room I'm doing a Sasson a time
[ __ ] awkward super awkward okay
there's no if I lean your window or
whatever there's not enough moonlight
for me to read anything or there's not
light coming from the city possibly no
there's not enough light coming from the
city and we're only three days before
the new moon which makes it easy to
sneak around but really hard to read
anything in the dark we're gonna need a
new light source to read the stuff by is
there a I don't want to light I don't
wanna light anything in here what oh
thank you Lily can I take one of the
smaller candles from this room and and
take it with me out into that cargo hold
again yeah so you want to grab you swipe
a candle off the desk and you're gonna
try and slip back down into the cargo
hold over here check what the candle
yeah
okay can I take a Metal Gear Solid peek
out the door first and see like where
the guards are they're not like standing
in front of my stairway or anything
right they're standing right here
chatting with each other at the edge of
the ship you can hear their voices
they're not too quiet they're talking
about these guys that they've just seen
they're both in full agreement they have
nothing to do with the Port Authority my
ass some people trying to slip on the
ship yeah my magical amulet the dizzies
protection one that doesn't glow at all
does it
it does not okay okay then yeah then
that's what I'll try to do all right now
unfortunately this one guy has like
field of vision to this down staircase
okay so if you come out here at all
and over here he's definitely gonna see
you there's no cover this is when you
needed the distraction to get down there
I can make my own distractions corporal
can i I'm sure in the office there's got
to be like a pen or some gizmo or gadget
like maybe one of those compass things
whatever yeah can I can I grab one of
those and then um okay um okay full
stealth game here can I like throw it
like onto the onto the dock over here
okay like yeah generally our windows
right here so but I want to be like out
here and I want to like toss it out so
that like when they look away I can kind
of like move down into the cargo hold as
my goal okay all right so you slip over
here you get some little bit of
something and you're gonna chuck it on
to the dock yeah all right I will yeah
it lands on the dock they turn to look
kind of expecting the fools to be coming
back huh one of them reaches that was
like Travis hold on and they scan the
docks for a moment giving you enough
time with your amazing high stealth
you've already made enough stealth rolls
you don't need to make any more just
slip down here and we're gonna bring you
to the lower nonsense over here now all
right you slip back down into the main
hold huh well I'm here can I um can i
play some ball bearings on like the
bottom of the stairs
yeah definitely okay you know you home
alone the stairs off no problem
okay and then can I so under the cargo
hold so I imagine the main lanterns or
whatever that can be lit there are
probably quite bright but like a smaller
candle down here like if I crouch near
like a box or whatever and I'm kind of
like huddled over it that I should be
able to like light the candle and a
somewhat obscure way and read the
manifesto or whatever
you go put yourself in a corner maybe
grab a tarp thats hanging over something
to cover your head get your tinder box
out oh you don't have a tinder box you
can find something you can find the
tools to light things lying around in
here there's lanterns or there should
have been something to light it in the
office right yeah all right you can get
the stuff lit up and you can scan the
cargo manifests you see names after
names after names complete with like
poundage of gear number of boxes general
location that's stored in the ship but
it's all sort of been like a ship's
shorthand so you know the location is
just like you know z5 if in your like
where the [ __ ] is the z5 point it's not
labeled anywhere you have to know the
ship to know exactly where that is but
you can see everyone's name that owns
all the [ __ ] that they're transporting
including a couple of passengers um do
any of these names stand out to me it's
not a single one hmm
what what is this what is this written
on parchment is this the type of thing
that if I were to go into the water with
it everything would like disappear
probably it might run the ink might run
and become illegible or the the
parchment might tear it's possible you
might lose everything that's also if you
go like if they lose the manifest it
might muck up their plans enough that
the ship can't actually leave okay and
there is no way maybe with like a 20 or
higher now armed with the ship manifest
and the names and everything that I
could find anything that's a little out
of place
maybe a name that appears a little bit
too exotic or maybe a name that looks
like it was scratched off or something
or boxes that is something like that
yeah give me an investigation check as
you scan the parchment okay Bok gwai boo
okay
here's what I want to do okay I'm gonna
click it's just [ __ ] yeah name I want
to collect my home alone from the bottom
of the stairs and put that back in okay
okay I am a very nimble small character
all right I shall I should be able to
swim while holding this parchment above
my head
with one hand I can do this in real life
and I'm not very athletic I know this is
possible yeah that's certainly possible
if you can get yourself into the water
without splashing it yeah okay
I would like to try that all right what
do you do with the candle um I can
pocket it I guess sure all right you
just pocket the candle
well I extinguish all the ship and then
pocket it right okay hop over the ledge
all right one final stealth check to
sneak back out over the ship just make
sure that they're not looking at you and
then hop over the edge and scramble down
and enter the water quietly one stealth
check to get off okay before this
happens okay I changed my mind okay
remember the candle yeah I want to take
the parchment and I want to wrap it
around the candle and then like just
secure it with like a little string or
something okay sure okay now okay so now
I would like to make my final stealth
check sure - okay can I would like to
prepare an action okay if I come up here
and I get noticed or I fail a stealth
check I would like to throw the
parchment wrapped around the candle onto
the dock okay if they know me as a
reaction to being spotted okay
yeah so you can use a little bit of the
wax to hold the parchment together and
then get ready to chuck it okay all
right I'm about to sneak up with my goal
of like climbing quietly over the side I
feel like it's gonna my bad my first bad
stealth roll tonight okay let's
another net another 20 not an extra 20
okay
easy peasy you slip up over you call I'm
down the cargo netting on the backside
and very slowly move your way on around
while holding onto the parchment you
come around this backside of the ship
over here is my thing you know chef
there we go
back side of the ship over here and wait
for them to not be kind of looking and
do a quick quick sprint over here and
then eventually meet up with the party
back on the dock okay
[Music]
all right I mean I climb up on the party
Oh
okay guys there is a is a lot of Karger
on the ship I have a manifest of the
names of all the people and all the
cargo in the ship but I don't know what
cargo is out of place if there is an is
cargo out of place or who this car
belongs to so somehow we need to figure
out who owned this a list the contraband
is assigned to so that I can try to
figure out you know which cargo
container actually holds the Animus
we're looking for it so any ideas no why
don't you take make an inspiration not
inspiration check an investigation check
off of the party sheet somebody Steve
you got it I don't know how to do I
think that's kateryna's yeah okay Torino
do we have access to the party shoot
21 on your investigation check with all
your brains put together you managed to
be like I don't know there's just a
[ __ ] cargo manifest with names I
don't know any of these names nothing
looks out of place it's just a cargo
manifests [ __ ] you rolling for this dumb
[ __ ] then quavo maybe we go ask somebody
about it maybe someone at Port Authority
work there right deaf okay keep in mind
guys they might not have actually
transferred any of the illegal cargo yet
but this is actually good for us okay
the final thing I'm going to return this
manifest to the to the captains quarters
these are pretty big deals right like if
something like this was lost I would
imagine you don't have like copy
machines right like there wouldn't be
like a copy of this summer would there
or there's no copy so it would be a huge
pain in the ass to be like [ __ ] now we
have to gather everyone back figure out
whose car goes whose make sure it can be
assigned to them make sure that there's
no problems it would at least delay the
ship leaving by one day if not having
people pull their [ __ ] off them this
would be a huge it's like a big
financial thing then right like it could
cost like a foul like thousands of
copper theoretically yeah if people pull
their [ __ ] off the ship they might not
be able to leave for a week until they
get new clients to load stuff on it
would throw a huge monkey wrench into
their plans okay well what should we do
deaf could we use okay you would have to
know what you were locating but yes like
if you knew what you were looking for
you could be like I'm looking for you
know the jewel like you know a big ruby
and then you would be able to find like
the nearest Ruby okay so what is the
cargo list look like just regular like
nothing yeah it's it's all in shorthand
it's like gonna mr. Williams seven boxes
a5 right right there's a don't be like
brief notes that are like you know mr.
Williams food goods a5 you know lady
Zachary you know what do you called my
cup pots and pans z6 are there any that
seems really valuable in there
I mean sure it's all valuable but like
there's no so-and-so big pile of gold
that's like if you stole all of these
these decorated pots and you've sold
them all you can make some money yeah
but like it'd be a huge pain in the ass
to sell there's no easy pickings okay
well what do you think Toki any
suggestions guys okay well so here are
some things we have to consider one it's
possible there's illegal cargo hidden
down there that's not on the manifest
that's possible
well there's actually a lot of questions
we have so many questions that we don't
know it's possible that this illegal
stuff is being delivered without the
captain even knowing about it so in that
case it wouldn't be written about
anywhere on the manifest or it would be
an it'd be shipped under another
person's name I don't know there's a lot
of questions there like so many
different ways as possible there
couldn't there might not even be any
illegal cargo on the ship yet at all
maybe it hasn't been transferred yet
maybe that's something we should look
out for it's possible that the answers
to this illegal cargo are actually in
this manifest right here that if we just
knew the name maybe we could figure out
like who's shipping something illegally
yeah I'm not sure
if we don't have any suggestions than
what we could do is we could go back
into the town we could try to
investigate based on this list somehow
and then yeah see if we can find
anything or find any names related to
the contraband being shipped and then we
can check with our manifest but we do
have to return this list tonight this
this goes missing like it will be
noticed and we're not gonna be able to
return it as easily yeah if we have we
would need parchment and a pendant or
whatever I don't know how hard those are
to come by can we do that if you go to
your in and ask for some paper parchment
they'll sell you some and it'll just be
part of your regular expenses and you
can make it happen okay
and then carefully writing everything
down and then bringing it back to the
ship tonight yep I want to do that let's
do that all right you take it to your
the place you're staying which I believe
is now the clam shell much quieter place
kind of rundown sort of a cheap place
for the people who don't want to party
and you can get some supplies
you can make a copy of the manifest I
don't think we need any checks for it
and then now it's just a matter of
putting it back on so nevets why don't
we do this just quickly and quietly if
all you want to do is put it back give
me a stealth check I'll just need to
stealth checks we don't have to do it
bit by bit
to good stealth chips and we're good to
go so we've made the copy and now this
is stealth checks just to get it back on
the first one gets on the ship and puts
it back the second gets you off the ship
in a way natural 20 key this is why we
didn't need crazy diversions okay
yeah thank you you've returned the
manifest
you've got a copy of it it's late now
you've been up all night for most of the
night mm-hmm
what do you guys want to do uh Lenny is
not enough we need to rotate watches on
the ship to see if anybody starts
transferring any weird cargo to the ship
somebody we have to be on the lookout
for that
transferring on or transferring off on
onto the ship
so you're gonna set up some people to
watch the ship all night and everyone's
gonna take turns sleeping and come
morning you'll regroup sure great it is
so the night passes without any problems
no one comes on or off the ship nothing
else happens in the morning as you guys
are coming down and having breakfast
actually hold on how do you want to do
this if you
someone's gonna have to keep an eye on
the ship while everyone else is like
waking up and eating right so give me
who wants to be the person who's not
with the party in the morning who's
taking the morning shift give it to me
all right and you cause the big ya
probably know what I notice man all
right nevets is watching in the morning
everyone else has had a short rest if
you need to expend any hit dice you may
go ahead and expend the hit dice and you
gain one
well you've gained one and then you
spend them in the morning so you'll be
down one for the day or two or however
many you use but you'll be in the back
every night but if I win a game what and
then spend I can okay right but like
you're at full and then you gain one
then you can't go over full and then you
spend one and then you go down you know
okay you guys are all full now I think
is that the case looks like it just just
enough perfect perfect okay so it's in
the morning nevets is watching the ship
you guys are hanging out at a tavern
when you hear whistles the the sort of
whistles that police officers or
constable or guards might use to alert
each other that something is wrong
and you don't know what the whistle
sounds mean exactly nevets you've got
some idea you know that they like each
towns a little bit different but they
usually have some sort of coded signal
so it's if it's like two short blasts
that means like you know a human is
doing X and if it's like too short and
three long it means this person there's
some sort of coded sim
to it but uh it's you know independent
for each area okay but you hear these
whistles going off all over town I'm
different you never I'm just hanging out
near the docks you just got to be like a
lot of like losers that just like sit at
the docks all day with like a piece of
hay of their mouth or some [ __ ] just
slacking off right abso-fucking-lutely
mm-hmm yes I'm just down here and during
the water nothing's coming off the ship
or gone under the ship I'm assuming and
the over the night right none of us
report it's just been a regular old ship
just hanging out doing his thing bobbing
in the water yeah numbers chillin
all right the others of you then can't
you what do you say you do I forgot
already I wanted to go investigate them
yeah all right you follow the sound of
whistles through the town and you arrive
at a scene of disarray it's over here
and then it's down here way way over
here on this side of town as you arrive
there are you see this man kind of
standing in disarray I is why he's got
this like big velvety pillow in one hand
and he's service looking about sweat
running down his forehead clearly
nervous nearby is a dwarven guard who's
showed up with a shield and a spear he's
got some chainmail on and the spear is
in like an attack position and he's
looking around keeping an eye on
everything and as you approach there are
another pair of dwarves that start like
coming back in this direction heads sort
of down like they've failed something or
they're ashamed of something and they're
reconvening around here the whistle saw
have sort of stops and then they see you
guys arrive this armed group weapons
armor spells at the ready and one of the
dwarves the one with the spear kind of
looks your way and then like changes the
stance and becomes a little bit more
relaxed now they've seized like a lot of
armed people around but no one's doing
anything weird
and the three dwarves one of them waves
to him slightly the three dwarves are
chatting with the human who's holding
the velvety pillow and that is the scene
that you arrive at what are you gonna do
about it they begin to argue the one guy
who had the spear up is braiding the
other two dwarves and the human holding
the pill like shouting at him you can
hear him saying things like how could
you be so careless you're fools you only
had one job and it wasn't very long all
you had to do was get from one point to
the other and you [ __ ] dropped it
really do you know how much trouble
we're gonna be in what do you know your
heads are probably gonna roll kids I
don't know if you're actually gonna make
it through this one alive she's not a
mighty fine a forgiving person
and she all have just cost us all a
whole lot of trouble if we don't get
this back we are all in trouble
especially you two and then he turns to
the human and you you it was your job
what do you have to say for yourself the
human just kind of hangs his head and
mumble something low and the other
dwarven guards are you know clearly
ashamed and embarrassed and they're
muttering to themselves
that's seeing that you're looking at um
do you recognize any of it now you've
never been to this town you don't
recognize any of these people the way I
talked in that accent earlier oh that's
just how that's just how the dwarves
talk yeah I guess I'm not very good at
it you approached them all right how you
gonna do this can't help but overhear
that you drop something important oh he
dropped anything Missy I was stolen
stolen what was stolen the Baroness is
new crown
but don't you say nothin to nobody
alright this mum's the word
in fact she's kind of like Huddle's
everyone a little bit closer we ought to
all stay a little quiet who the hell are
you I'm sorry miss ma'am lady do you
mean Baroness Tilda yes and he starts
like make up the the accent that you
have and recognizes you for a noble and
you can see him getting a little like
embarrassed excuse me
well the young the young Baroness wanted
a new crown maid was finished this
morning and on way to her when these
lolli gags had it snatched right out
from under them when did it happen
exactly five minutes ten minutes ago oh
so just now I I'm gonna go look for it
he looks at you incredulous Lee
why are you sliding it around what look
we've done our best for five minutes
actually this is a good opportunity here
you are what who are you what do you do
I'm mercenaries so glad you asked we are
actually part of a detective agency who
specializes in looking for lost objects
isn't that right captain death that is
right hello nice to meet you I'm deaf I
would like to put up my hand for shaking
he shakes your hand and eyes you all
very rarely someone go stolen and
immediately detectives show up on the
spot to find it well you guys are making
a commotion yeah we happen to be in the
town because we were actually the zoo
and worrying about who we are I know
Baroness Tilda Chris she would be really
upset if she found out you lost her oh
she's gonna be mighty mad alright well
look here's the deal
he says we these two cheap erroneous
well
came down the street garden this one
here he says it's pointing to the human
now Baroness in her infinite wisdom
mm-hmm nope
all due respect wanted to show off the
new crown before her on the way here
make a big deal of it
you know parade it through the city
streets get everyone's attention on us
so they could see her new shiny one you
know she just had the one bronze one
before is plain and simple handed down
for generations and she wanted a new gem
encrusted one one that would be fitting
for a noble lady well a man came on down
through the streets and three brigands
jumped up one came out each of my guards
here the other one just snatched it
right off the pillow took through the
streets
I've always chased him but well dwarves
aren't you know fast people and there's
a difficult system difficult terrain and
they got away look here one of them went
this way down this alleyway the other
one went up here and then turned down
that alleyway
and the third will hit the ground like a
ton of bricks and when everyone looked
around she was gone why don't you follow
him we followed them they got away but
detectives then maybe we can both work
on this if you can solve it before we do
I'm sure the Baroness will give you a
bounty if we get before you then that's
that you get the bounty for incompetence
when did this happen
Wow honey you know the word incompetence
I'm so proud of you Joe just ask this it
happened like five minutes ago maybe six
now look we don't have a lot of time if
you guys are gonna help us then help us
if not then you got to get out of her
way never calls me incompetent a lot
don't call you uncomfortable but I'm not
there right now but I turned mm Lonnie
what are you safe do we find the crown
first crown turn warden sure why I like
crown great you said you said you saw
them go down
what let him where's the exactly the
last place you saw them alright he walks
you through the crime scene this is how
it was going you see we had the guy on
the right and the guy on the left
standing right behind one pace behind
the the guy with the the pillow and the
crown on the pillow so everyone can see
it and they're coming down this way yeah
right so all of a sudden out of nowhere
some guy some lady comes over and bulls
over my guard on the right side yeah and
another person comes and tries to bowl
over there the guard on the left side
guard left side goes to the ground
hits it like a sack of potatoes reaches
out with his spear and cuts the the
bryggen across the side she falls hits
the ground too totally dead or at least
that's what we thought a little bit
later he gets up he goes chasing after
another person we come back she's gone
so it's apparently she survived the guy
on the right who came from over here
tried to knock over one of these guys
didn't work out so well
bolted this way after the middle person
came running down the center of the
street not grabbed the crown off the
pillow elbowed the courier in the face
and took off down this way so now we got
the crown running down the street head
in this direction that's right he like
checks with the people that were
escorting up for assurance and they nod
headed down this way and took off to the
right
meanwhile the other bandit comes down
this alleyway my boy on the right goes
and chasing after him so is the one on
the Left chases after the guy at the
crown and all sorts of stuff is getting
knocked over in this alleyway my guard
as fast as he may be good strong steady
dwarf can't be bowled over that easily
can't make it through all the crap
that's being knocked over boxes pallets
you know dried rubbish nightsoil
is a mess has a hard time getting
through here meanwhile the other one
comes around the side and down this
alleyway the two meet up and bolt this
way with the brigand who chased them
holding back this position you see this
this my friends was a well coordinated
attack they ain't a skate plan mapped
and everything guy with the crown
managed to run down the street while
those friend holds my guards off and
then pull
I was last we saw of them that came out
through here and took a right and we've
been able to find him since you go
anywhere you didn't see them turn the
corner to the right no no no see there
is all this crap being knocked down and
the alleyway slowed my men down some
awful they got to this corner they took
a right and by the time we got around to
the corner they were both gone no idea
which way they went it's just somewhere
in this direction you know look like
their description well are wearing heavy
cloaks lurking around the corner jumped
us by surprise
we didn't get a very good look at them
but we should start interrogating
witnesses I think we gotta go do our job
if you want to find it
go for it if you can find witnesses it's
on you but we gotta start investigating
with stuff and you he says pointed the
guy who's got the pillow you have the
pleasure of telling the Baroness what
happened do on get out of here and the
human with the pillow scurries off to
the castle and now party you have a
mystery on your hands yes unfortunately
the whole party isn't here with you
that's happened 5 10 maybe 10 minutes
ago now because you've been talking for
a while what are you gonna do people
around the TV and we can we can try to
find a trail see if they left any clues
behind them yeah don't I'd like to
investigate the right alleyway to see
where if you left any clues behind
excellent give me investigation sheet
check off the party sheet and somebody I
guess nobody's grabbing nevets he's
keeping an eye on the [ __ ] right except
never just like our smartest member
cannot
hmm anyone can I roll with proficiency
considering if somebody else is
proficient in investigation you can roll
at advantage I know you are skilled in
investigation toki are you skilled an
investigation is it checked on your
sheet yeah okay
then with at least two of you here you
can roll with advantage one of you will
be helping the other so 22 is solid
sorry let's see what a 22 gives you in
terms of clues alright first clue you
get you might want to write these down
as we might be important to you there is
a blood trail that is left heading this
direction someone did run down that way
yeah that would be the left bandit the
one that they thought got knocked out
but didn't actually the left bandit did
not go anywhere with the crown they went
in the opposite direction cuz the crown
went north and then you know and east
and then south and then east again so
that's headed in the exact opposite
direction to the crown let's see the
second thing that you guys notice as you
investigate these things that right
alleyway you'll notice that the crates
and boxes and things that are stashed
here are of no purpose to the nearby
shops these are clearly things that
don't belong here like you know if this
is a a bakery then there's all these
just like empty crates lying around and
a bakery has no need for crates and
there's like you know bases with crap
and you know it's just it looks like
stuff was piled up in the streets
intentionally to be knocked down by
someone running through them to slow
down for sewers it's clearly
premeditated let's see the next thing
that you get is when you are checking
with witnesses over here because you
guys rolled so well on that check you
one of the people hanging out on the
side of the streets over here a beggar
says a
saw two people run out of this alleyway
and come down here one of them went
north through this street and then sort
of got lost I'm gonna put their trail in
red someone went this way like that and
then another person which we're gonna do
in blue came down this way
and bolted into that building over there
that is that witness there is another
witness who was over here on this corner
hanging out chatting with his friends
and he saw the whole thing including
getting a good look of the center bandit
bandit the one that stole the crown he
got a real good look at her face before
she like bolted smashed the guy and
grabbed the crown and took off
and the third witness was hanging out
begging on this corner and he saw these
people lurking around for a good long
while like half an hour before the event
happened
beggars just been sitting here you know
asking for alms which I think you have
to pay him to get this information and
he says that these three we're all
lurking around and then all of a sudden
they moved to different sides of the
street and it happened but he didn't get
a good look at their faces
cuz he was just hanging chilling and
those are the five clues that you will
at least get for now if you can think of
new clues to search for or new places to
get them we can do so and with this why
don't we take our break and during the
break we can sort of think about what we
want to do and when we come back from
break we will investigate alright
everybody welcome back to have dice and
Men investigation has begun
the party has clues and they piece them
together well go for it okay what do you
guys think you said we found some weed
one of the witnesses saw the center
bandit
like more clearly yeah got a good look
at her face could you describe punches
that help it well of course I can
she was a lovely lady little bit slender
big hips red hair freckles on the face
and Hume you know human mm-hmm big heavy
cloak pulled over her pack also kept low
of her face except for the one time she
looked my way and we made eye contact
she looked away real quickly after that
well I close do you remember cream
mm-hmm
she said that's pretty was she pretty I
mean average plain face good features no
good good coloring plain features okay
can I ask okay metagame a question how
are we playing these types of things
like in the real world you wouldn't I
would never rely on like a eyewitness
like I color like check are we doing
like this is like real world psychology
like eyewitnesses are incredibly
unreliable or what are we supposed to
expect here I think yeah you got the
tools that you have at hand I would be
good not to 100% trust eyewitnesses it's
not perfect but it is usually the best
form of witness that you have available
especially in a pre camera age okay but
you would be smart not to uh yeah yeah
if there are inconsistencies that that
is to be expected deaf can you don't
locate object thank you we just do it
that it only has a certain range so we
don't want to lose it really no that's
only five minutes ago what is the range
on detect objects look at objects yeah
that was in fees okay sorry I was
looking at the wrong character sheet yes
it's a thousand right a thousand feet
from you yes so with a thousand feet you
will reach out to the harbor and out to
any ships because it's only three
hundred and fifty three hundred five
feet to a ship out here also we probably
know what direction they ran with the
crown so we should do it in that Lake
just that way
they were last seen on this trail with
the crown this trail or this trail down
here because there were two people that
ran in this direction wait how far does
a thousand feet extend like it turned me
to see two hundred feet to the shores
edge from where you are right now and
the town is bigger yeah the town is
bigger than this map but yeah a thousand
feet will cover it because thousand feet
in every direction from you is a 2,000
foot diameter that's a almost a half
mile diameter maybe the spell okay yes I
will do this though and I think it I
think it lasts like a good amount of ten
minutes okay
I'll do it but it like keeps lasting
right so if i if i'm yeah if you walk
you'll will cover more ground okay cool
I'll do it and I will walk so you must
describe or name an object that is
familiar to you you sense the detection
of the objects location as long as the
object is within 1,000 feet of you if
the object is in motion you know the
direction of its movement the smell can
locate a specific object known to you as
long as you've seen it up close within
30 feet at least once which you haven't
done that however the spell can also
locate the nearest object of a
particular kind
such as a certain kind of apparel
jewelry furniture tool or weapon so you
could say yeah and and I could and I can
think of like specifically a very
expensive friend the kind that yeah I
mean if someone has like a tiny
miniature expensive crown it might ping
off on that as well but also crowns are
sort of rare like who makes a [ __ ]
crown yeah you're not even you are if
you're wearing a crown like a proper
bronze crown when you're not the bear
and a Baroness of this area that's like
execution
you know the that's how you can tell who
is the Baron or the Baroness is by who
wears the crown
so anyone wearing a crown that isn't a
bear and a Baroness is clearly
pretending to be and that is it is
bronze covered in jewels so in the last
paragraph look yes you can last
paragraph though the locate object the
spell cannot locate an object at any
thickness of lead even a thin sheet
blocks that the a direct path between
you and the audience so I have to like
walk a lot um I mean there's not a lot
of lead in the world right it's worth a
chance to do it you cast locate object
you reach out with your senses what does
it feel like when you're mentally
reaching out to find a crown was it for
you like to have searched your soul
wait
so dap is like hold on hold on look at
how to eat wait what does it feel like
it's she's searching for that feeling
doing she's searching for a feeling
right now you [ __ ] idiot it's the
spell takes a little while to cast yeah
this is what it feels like
are you feeling it right now mr. Mona
you're gonna have like a seance later in
your room or what's the lighting going
on here don't worry about it in okay
it's very cozy very romantic yeah no
she's feeling right now you can't listen
while you're trying to detect magic it's
like it overrides overrides whatever
senses okay mm-hmm I can see that
Cringer Reno at it again she's feeling
it go to something else I have to fix
headset hold on oh thanks for reading it
all for us mr. Mouton uh well well while
we're waiting for a detect magic what
are your thoughts right now Lenny how
you feeling about this one
I mean if you go to you right because
you're in another place watching the doc
or not weird anything going on with me
Cueva oh wait Jeffrey here yes okay all
right okay what are you again I would
like to use Oh what's it like with my
eyes uh-huh like I see through the road
right and I see that's like a almost
like a rat like scurrying through mm-hmm
I dunno what you're saying okay you
search out you can feel a thousand feet
in every direction this crime only
happened a few minutes ago and the spell
is not blocked by anything other than
lead that you're aware of but there is
no crown within a thousand feet of you
can I can I like
yeah which direction would you like to
run that way all right you run down the
streets stretching what about the other
the girl that we saw this way she wait
do we know that she didn't have the
crown dick yes she definitely didn't
have a crown but she was bleeding
wait deaf your snow goes to the harbor I
think you should run the other way I
think I should run down all right
sure oh well let me put it this way the
town isn't that big a thousand feet will
sort of cover it east to west but it's
maybe 3,000 feet north to south so if
you want you can maybe it's like 1,500
feet used to s2000 be if you want you
can run up and down the length of the
town searching for the crown yeah
perfect
all right you can make the whole
duration into ten minutes before the
spell ends you can easily go a thousand
feet in ten minutes a couple thousand
million ten minutes you've covered every
conceivable section of this town
including all the ships that are in the
near Harbor nothing that's out in the
deep harbor and the crown is nowhere to
be felt what does this tell you though
because this is a clue in and of itself
if it's not within the range of your
spell what does that mean about the
crown it means either lead we were not
looking through the right crown or for
the right crown or maybe it was like it
wasn't a crown or there's led what is
lead is it does radiation shielding
protect you from magic in this or what
you do not hear us the past 10 minutes
talk about the only thing they can stop
it is led oh no I didn't have any I'm at
the dock I'm at the dock I'm not trying
to met again right now okay I'm not
paying attention to this just like I
wouldn't be in real life in real Z&D
life okay nevus is just kicking some
rocks into the water all right so if
it's so the options you have before you
it either there they've lied to you and
told you that it's a crown when it's not
it's either been shielded by lead or
it's been out it's outside of the town
already and out of the range of your
spell right
perhaps they have animals were there
using magic
we didn't see any any e-boats any
chipset salaries you should go talk to
nevets who's been watching the doc this
entire time the party meets up with
nevets let's talk about what you've seen
over here nevets once the Sun has come
up and the docks they've sort of sprung
to life you have seen activity on many
boats even before the whistle goes off
the ship before you to see skipper that
you've been taking a look at and have
the cargo manifest of has been loading
and unloading some stuff and all this
area around you has sprung to life with
people going back and forth hauling [ __ ]
around all over the place mm-hmm so what
what's your deal um in terms of loading
and unloading I imagine they're probably
pretty general ways to do this is
anything like fishy have there ever been
like some shady guys that look like this
probably isn't your day job like loading
or unloading cargo or you probably don't
do this too often you know what I mean
yeah or any cargo maybe that like maybe
the captain himself came out to like
personally see that something got
delivered correctly or people being
extra careful about something maybe
maybe somebody like wandered near the
crate and they like hey like the [ __ ]
you doing like get away you know like
stuff like that looking for that kind of
static cellent why don't you make me an
investigation or a perception check you
are an integrated enough with the
criminal world that you could do a
perception check instead of an
investigation if you would like for you
17 that is a nice roll everything has
seemed aboveboard
nothing has looked out of place there
has not been like some scuzzy meeting
there's not been any weirdness the
people have been walking around look
like they belong here even like the kind
of low loud low and dirty sort of folks
that might be originally that might like
a rise suspicion in you they're just
like they go to a spot next to the dock
and they put their little string in the
water and they just kind of like wait to
catch some fish or scurry down and come
back up later with some mussels like
they're just doing scuzzy stuff okay
yeah so nothing out of the ordinary
okay nothing out of the ordinary
everyone looks like they belong okay
I'm just waiting for my partnership then
I'm waiting here till next watch so cool
the party arrives everyone is together
with nevets real quick are the two
guards on the ship the same guards from
last night
no they rotate out every now and then
gotcha okay maybe we should move off the
dock for this conversation just in case
yeah what's going on guys basically
there's a crown stolen I am feeling that
these two cases are tied what two cases
a crown was stolen yes
crown was stolen it was clearly
premeditated how long ago was a stolen
[Music]
twenty minutes thirty minutes
oh so this just recently happened yes
I tried to use locate object but it
didn't work
hmmm unlikely that it traveled out of
the town that quickly although we would
assume that level of magic would be
pretty rare around here right this would
require like a teleport spell is like
what if finished level spell you need to
be ninth level to cast it okay yeah so
that would be like an exceptionally
powerful so yeah probably not magic
possibly but these would be
extraordinarily powerful in rare items
so maybe going from the most likely you
mentioned lead shielding can block
magical traces use so we know that the
thieves are somewhat sophisticated I
think the most important thing is
probably to figure out who knew that
crown was traveling right and then we
can start working our way down suspects
from there
okay we should probably figure out
something quickly though we have the
rare chance of investigating a crime
that is literally taking place right now
if it's happened within the past hour
this is probably like the best time to
catch somebody so do you have any idea
where the crown was taken where it was
ran off to or hold on yeah but I think
you'll need to show him because he
wasn't paying attention for that big
meme okay I was paying attention you had
a blood trail heading west on the
intersection you had boxes stacked north
of a bakery that didn't belong there you
had two people that ran to the east one
went north one myself into a building a
little farther down the street and you
know witnesses got a really good look at
a girl who's faced till the crown and
she had green eyes right big hair and
freckles back when they when they convey
that description to me that she had
green eyes and red hair and freckles
when I was in the tavern earlier
listening to some people you described a
lady with red hair does the do these
descriptions match she had 15 percent of
the population okay so green eyes red
hair freckles big hips slender human
okay wait Nevin says never says a
younger sharper mind than my older mind
quite boo so help me remember what never
it's whatever so in the conversation
between these two people
the lady was the one who was getting a
little bit upset because the other
person had told her that like that the
shipping stuff had changed and she was
getting a little bit upset about it but
the other guys shirt her that everything
was gonna be fine right yeah yeah okay
hmm okay another question okay let's say
I'm trying to detect object and I try to
detect a tree with magic am I gonna be
able to detect multiple trees in an area
we'll just find the first closest tree
and that's it mm-hmm okay can you detect
magic on lead to try to find lead locate
object an object lead yeah so it's
supposed to look for a specific object
lead is a material and not an object so
you'd have to look for like a lead led
box yeah but well that's gonna be my
next question I would imagine in this
world you're talking about actual lead
land like that should be fairly uncommon
right let is used in a lot of building
of things like you might use lead for
piping because it's soft and malleable
and you don't know that you're gonna get
lead poisoning by drinking from those
pipes but you [ __ ] do it you know but
that's okay if we're doing it if we're
doing a search for a lead box we're not
gonna hit pipes we're not gonna be able
to find it though well why not because
that's how we can't penetrate lead but
we could look for a lead box right you
can look for it physically yeah no no no
like can we use locate objects on lead
box yeah but you you find the web right
so if the box were made out of lead you
could find lead box okay can I use
locate object again it's gonna take a
second casting do it Kate Arena do it
yeah prepared for this I think yeah you
have two left do it all right
you locate object for a lead box and you
scour the town quickly running across it
like a rat in the streets looking for a
lead box yes you do get a location of a
lead box
oh yeah actually you find one fairly
quickly when you're down here on the
docks
it is
go it's over here I'm gonna draw where's
the party parties down here it is this
direction if you follow the arrow this
building over here okay so wait wait
okay we need to be very very careful so
the most important thing we're doing
right now is securing this object right
however we don't have an action did you
guys get an actual contract do we have a
price for this or first okay okay let's
see we can get money out of it let's set
up a good perimeter around the house and
let's verify what what is actually
inside it could be that these people do
protecting this are too much for us I
might just be a loan thief that we can
easily ambush and take the crown from
yeah three people yeah let's let's go
and check immediately Lenny is excited
all right
you enter the building wait I don't
think we entered the building then we
build a perimeter around the building
right sure
you surround the building yep okay so uh
our tokens over here and you guys can
put yourselves and whatever location you
want to be thank you this building yes
the entrance just checking for time Lily
you have a heart out in exactly 35
minutes or do you need to leave earlier
than that I love you what it's okay we
have our four full hours I just wanna
know exactly how long they go for at
5:00 okay go that's fine okay just
checking
um I have to leave exactly I have to
leave actually at 4:59 so it wasn't even
Lily's fault okay cuz I have something I
have to do so okay alright I'm here okay
we're all around here with our tokens
okay can you ping where the box was
coins it's in this building upstairs in
that building
how long does does she have the
impression impression of the box in his
mind 10 minutes 10 minutes and it's
taken some time to get here so we'll say
about seven minutes left okay okay
everybody go to like on everybody go to
an entrance yeah and you can see through
this area this is just an open door but
this is a big a skill that you might use
for ceramics or jewelry I guess you
could use it red if you really wanted to
okay where is the where's the box I
sense it in here somewhere
it's upstairs in this room okay I think
um I don't think they would plan on
somebody being able to locate this
object like this so why don't you sneak
in grab it and you know sure
well can I sneak around up here and
upstairs well there's people inside if
you go in we haven't talked about what's
I say just to cover at door thank you
okay so looks like Lenny comes on in to
this area take a look at what's going on
you guys
Daffy goes to the back side to make sure
no one slips out the back side and
nevets is gonna go into the front door
while Lily covers it mm-hmm yeah
perfect all right so you go step onto
the shore a store and you see it is a
jewelry shop there are a few items on
display kind of behind kind of all
against this back wall over here
and there is a woman sitting at a table
right here working on a ring she's got
like one of those big what do you call
my magnifying glasses that she sits in
her eye
well she's carefully looking at
something with a small chisel but when
the door opens it rings a little bell
above it and she takes the magnifying
glass out and turns to look at you and
says what hello welcome to Linda's
jewelry how may I help you um
hello Linda I just stepped in here and I
wanted to take a look at some jewelry I
had a friend that was also looking to
buy some stuff he might have ran in
early um well you know I'm not
sure right now I've got a good friend
definitely not gonna rain I have a good
friend and he actually just was a
jointed a night and I wanted to get him
a little token to show him how proud I
am of him Oh
[Music]
wasn't that sweet yes Wow no I love it
do it now do it well while they're doing
this I would love I just want to make
sure okay are there any other lead boxes
around is that the only lead box like
you detect that's the closest lead box
okay are there are there any others you
would have to get closer to another box
than this one so if you want to keep
exploring the town and seeing if you can
pick up any other leadboxes that'll work
okay I'm gonna all right so the DAF
takes off looking for other leadboxes
and I absolutely as I'm coming through
here and I'm like casually as I have
seen DAF taking off I'm sorry nope
okay thank you as I'm kind of like
looking around here I asked the yeah I'm
gonna leave okay cool yeah that's fine
you pop in and you tell me to leave and
then you forget Lily okay go to back
door as I as I look around here I kind
of asked the lady uh you know this guy's
got quite a few friends did anybody come
running in here earlier looking to buy
this guy anything I got a friend that's
pretty uh irresponsible and seems like
the kind of guy that would pop in here
at the last minute mmm nope no although
did you see the crown going down the
street earlier today we had them come by
and visit after all I'm the one who made
it oh oh oh wait is yeah I'm here with
me um as I'm kind of just like so I'm
just kind of like asking questions like
oh you made the crown that's cool nobody
came in here in a slow day am i able to
pick up whether or not she is lying I
don't know this would help me or not
whenever you make wisdom inside check
tree it rule of seven as a rule of eight
okay yeah so give me an insight check to
check on her and your minimum die role
will be an eight plus whatever modifiers
so that was a six so you will actually
roll a 12 yeah okay okay she seems to be
telling the truth and she talks about
the crown at lengths she's like oh well
you see I had just made the card and I
knew it was going to be bringing
business here is that why you showed up
of course it is how could you not see a
thing like that walk down the street and
not come for me well it was fabulous
we had this bronzed circlet with all
these little spiky bits now you know
them okay well she's talking I'm not
really paying attention how much is
there a window through the back like a
way that you could climb into the
backers it's just one door to get into
the front and there's no other way in or
out of this place
there is a door here that heads into the
kill area and then you can see that
there is a door that goes through the
back as well gotcha
is there a bell attached to that door
that I see or would it be possible in
the back yeah yeah there's a bell
attached to it
there is a bell attached to it okay I
kind of like listen is there anything
back there like in terms of merchandise
versus an area where customers probably
aren't supposed to go there an area
where customers probably aren't supposed
to go she's prattling on and on and then
she comes to so you just want to get him
something for being a knight well we
keep all of our good pieces upstairs if
you would like to leave all of your
weapons down here we can head up there
and take a look at it my husband is the
bodyguard up there and he'll be keeping
an eye on everything just so you know
it's all aboveboard
okay yeah that'd be great and then I'll
kind of like set my weapons and
everything down yeah yeah
so you after you disarm yourself you can
head on upstairs as we're heading on up
I imagine she is in front of me I'm
falling behind her mm-hmm
I'm very nimble okay I'm quite nimble
uh-huh look I even have like a thing at
how nimble I am now the business matters
here can I kind of like just hop up and
rip the Bell off the top of the door
assuming it's not like nailed with like
a massive hammer is it like maybe
dangling by a string and it kind of like
the door opens it whatever if you could
break this chain yes I grab the Bell in
it someone or I mean give me a stealth
check to do it quietly without her
noticing
but yeah easy-peasy you snap you hop up
pull it down you got the bell in your
hand it won't ring if anyone opens that
door okay and then I follow Eleni
upstairs yeah she leads you upstairs
over to this area and comes on over to
here where
there there is a large iron box or LED
Bayern and looking in a hotel okay yeah
hanging out over here on this shelf and
there is a heavy fighter standing nearby
big barrel-chested guy balding head he's
got chainmail on and he's got a
two-handed Club living right next to him
waiting for someone to try and rob this
place so he can bash their face in sure
and she comes over to the big box undoes
the lock on it and shows you there's all
these different rings there's all these
different like earring pieces the big
this is jewelry the big metallic box
right the length of the leg metallic
metal iron let yeah it's a silver color
so it's probably you know I think you
can tell it's led sure it's it's a safe
it's mine yeah sure
and there's where there would be a room
for a crown that is no longer there
mm-hmm and when I'm looking at it
does it look spacious enough such that
there's not like a secret compartment
within this chest or anything like no
it's just no it's maybe a foot wide a
foot tall and a foot deep it's like a
small that's you know maybe a an inch or
two of lead so it's quite thick walls
quite heavy and well lost oh kind of
garden um yeah I guess says I'm up here
and she's showing me everything i I
guess I faint excitement of some things
is there like maybe and I asked her do
you any magical items that you're
selling oh I wish honey I wish but
unfortunately no my husband's warrior
not a wizard that's okay darling what do
you have for amulets she pulls a choice
piece out of the back it looks like the
top of a turtle shell in turquoise and
like the lines in the turtle shell are
made out of silver at the point where
each line hits the edge is a small clear
gem and she pulls that out on a silver
chain okay um I tell her that this looks
awesome what's the price on it a very
reasonable ten thousand copper which
would be the equivalent of 100 gold yes
okay you know
this is actually a fabulous piece I just
traveled into town today with a couple
of my companions I'm gonna head back to
the local hen I'm gonna go grab some
golden I'll be right back Wow love to
have you come on by okay and then I exit
the shop I'm out the front I guess yeah
all right
meanwhile DAF is racing through the city
streets trying to detect any more boxes
and you do Daffy you come way down here
and you detect a leadbox within this
building bring you down here in this
building uh the building on your right
can you ping it again is it this one
here yes that's the one okay okay well
you sense it also upstairs on the second
floor kind of shot this is it's a tavern
okay you can kind of look in this place
it has a name on the outside that I am
looking up right now this place is
called the Seabreeze nope it was just
you running by yourself like Naruto okay
I will you said it's on the second floor
and it's on the second floor the tavern
mm-hmm mm-hmm
oh I'm gonna use my message can't rip to
my friends to nevets
I'm going to whisper to him you can't no
320 feet away
hi I'm 20 feet parties 180 tonight
tonight go and range like yeah yeah you
can back up and tell your within range
and whisper okay just to anyway it
doesn't really matter mmm-hmm she's the
closest I guess so yeah I'll message
them to meet me what is it you said this
this something Seabreeze Seabreeze
tavern detected another leadbox there in
the upstairs again if you guys could
come like basically it's in the
Seabreeze tavern upstairs I'm gonna keep
looking for more leg box okay who got
the message Toki sorry
okay okay I'm gonna I'm gonna keep going
then as soon as I come out like I would
guess I would see Lenny at the front and
I would like wave like no it's not in
here and then we go out to the back and
find Toki and say no it's not here and
then she really then to him we would
immediately go okay then you guys come
down here just scope out this place
while Daffy keeps searching for more
boxes yep yes that's all right cool so
the party comes on down to the Seabreeze
it is a tavern there's people sitting
around doing their thing but they do but
it's early in the morning so there's not
that many people in whew they're here
are you are mostly eating there's only
one guy drinking presently mhm what
would you like is there a lady
downstairs or anything like with the red
hair now there is a bartender who is a
man let's go one two three four there
are three women there's a young girl and
what looks to be her grandmother hanging
out never upstairs
um okay so I guess I'm looking in here
what so what kind of place is this again
it's a tavern just a tavern okay yeah
then the four of us should be able to
walk in and go upstairs without a
problem right it's not like a private or
locked-off area right yep you head on
upstairs to an area with a bunch of
rooms actually I guess that's locked
because these rooms connected so yeah
you come upstairs to this door and it's
a shut door that says like you know
private rooms on it mm-hm
do which which which door has the
leather the leadbox in it is on moving
somewhere else looking for more boxes Oh
daph didn't come with us to tell us
exactly he set up a second floor and
then he moved on wait did you tell me
what you didn't know you just oh it's up
there it's on the second floor
and then you kept going okay well can I
hear any movement beyond any of these
stores anywhere nope
sounds pretty quiet but you can give me
a perception check to try and listen
real good that's quiet okay um I guess
I'll begin picking the locks one at a
time it's one two how many likes us to
pick two locks Oh zero locks cuz they're
not locked right now oh so I can just
open the door good you can just open the
door and step on in okay and stepping on
in right away you do see there is a safe
right here does this look like a big-ass
[ __ ] safe that people aren't just
carrying around with them or does it
just look like oh it looks like it's a
part of the building definitely it's too
heavy to carry comfortably and it has a
keyhole in it gotcha
can i lockpick this yeah sleight of hand
to do that you do get a really good
lockpick to you managed to open the safe
in just a few minutes and inside is
unfortunately nothing here for the
tavern if one of the customers needs to
put their valuables away but no one's
putting anything in it right now haven't
you been to a hotel room with a safe
before yeah but nobody uses these things
you're right okay I close it I've
watched enough of the lock-picking law
YouTube to know never to trust these
things okay my clothes that I really
like it or whatever the whole party can
meet back up a little bit because Daffy
you find the only other
leadboxes that you would find are in the
key itself and that is sort of off
limits the the fortress in the middle of
town where the Baroness lives the key
that will be pretty safe to say that
it's not on the key it's yeah it's not
gonna keep that it's not in a leg box
either I mean it could still be in here
you know it could be behind some other
type of lead shielding like a lead room
or some other type of lead covering
that's not a box it could have been ran
out of the town incredibly quickly
although that seems very unlikely but
possible the chest that he opened up was
led yes okay these are our lead chests
it's
a relatively cheap metal easy to work
with we should still be within like an
hour of when this happened right about
yeah can I ask um can I run to each of
like the walls or I guess the main
entrances and out of the city and ask
the guards if they've seen anybody come
like running out absolute that is a
great thing to do good job checking that
the guards will tell you that there have
been if there's one person who left by
the south exit earlier today it was a
guard from Kron wick who had come to
deliver a message yesterday and is now
leaving this morning but they weren't
like running like hurriedly they just
left or casually walking and yeah they
they left about you know five minutes
before you arrived okay um do we know
the value of that crown that you don't
know all you know is it's bronze and gem
encrusted the soldiers that were here
have moved on somewhere else and there's
one guard left at this position so you
could ask the jeweler yeah could I send
somebody else in since she's gonna think
I'm a cheap [ __ ] Toki or or deaf you
should ask that jeweler what the
equivalent cost would be to get a crown
made just like that again find out about
the cost of it with the value of the
crown is all right the two of you
arrived back at the jewelers and there
she is and she's okay
welcome to Linda's jewelry shop how can
i what can I do for you did you see the
crown everyone's seen it they're all
coming by what can I get for you yes we
we saw the crowd we are such huge fans
of your craftsmanship I just can't wait
for the Baroness to come and see me
later today about it oh I'm so thrilled
but what can I get for you go ahead
uh we were actually we were wondering if
I would want a crown like that myself
how much would it cost what does the of
course you couldn't have a crown but I
could make you
a tiara or similar yes that's what I you
know it's it's more it's less about the
object and more about how shiny and
jewelry fills it is you're absolutely
right
once well Baroness till the crest paid a
handsome bundle for this year crown it
is let's say well beyond the scope of
most of the things that I make this
crown costs well it should say if you
wanted something of a similar style and
quality and make but clearly not in
violation of the law then we're looking
in the 300,000 copper range 300 thousand
and just make sure yesterday see how
much was the crown itself well I would
be remiss to give exact figures on
private and personal transactions with
the Baroness but it's in that ballpark
okay thank you
did you want something made or you just
window-shopping yeah we were looking
around you know um I actually I've never
been into jewelry before but after
seeing that crown you know it's starting
to change my mind no well she's a
powerful woman with a lot at her
disposal right choice choosing you as
her jewellery crafting mm-hmm and it's
about now when one of the town guards
shows up mm-hmm
clears his throat excuse me I need to
speak with a lady Linda Joel mind oh yes
of course
as you guys oh yeah as you start to walk
out you can hear him begin to tell her
that the crown has been stolen and you
can see her face from that like cheery
oh I've done such a great job to the
crestfallen oh my god I just put a lot
of work into that
and it's stolen you should be happy you
should gonna make way more money she got
to make another okay we can meet up in
an antagonist are talking to each other
sure she's just like stolen how I just
it just left what on the way I told you
that two guards wasn't enough for this
but would you and then they just sort of
argue and he's like man I look I don't
make policy decisions I'm just the
messenger and she's branded you know
pissed to him and he's sort of trying to
backtrack and it's just kind of a mess
but the party gathers together at know
the sea lounge or whatever the sea
breeze all right guys what do you got
you have clues lots of them some
positive space and some negative space
clues what is your what do you got well
okay so something something that yeah
well so some piece of information when I
was in the tavern and I was listening to
people discussing what was going on in
the city one of the people that was
discussing the shipment of some illegal
contraband heavily matches the
description of one of the thieves of the
crown so these two things are probably
connected in some way
correct we know this yes we know that
the crown should still be in the city so
wherever it's been taken to it's within
our grasp we just need to find some way
to figure out who stole it or where it
is correct
we know that the crown is worth three
thousand gold pieces three hundred
thousand copper we know probably that if
they're gonna transport the crown out
it's probably going to happen on that
skipper ship I think so we have a few
initially I think it was planned to be
shipped out on the doubloon or the
Dublin but they they changed the plans
to ship it out on the sea skipper get
this in writing contract somehow that if
you find the crown what if we go to the
Baron is with the crown and they're like
what how do I know you didn't
who's your friend right no she's not my
friend I know of her though
she's not um she's a very greedy person
I mean even if we receive no monetary
compensation for this job I think that
there would be enough favors owed to us
that it would be wise of us to pursue
this evidence yeah big idea since other
ship drop ball and lost manifest maybe
they're looking for someone more
competent to run the you know stole it
good and your CD er so maybe we say we
have shipped and we can run it for them
Oh Linea that's actually a 50,000 head
12 million IQ plan the other ship didn't
lose the manifest but we could steal the
manifest from that ship compromised the
ship's ability to leave the dock and
then present ourselves as somebody
that's willing to ship contraband I can
leave a message like that of the tavern
and the only people that would pick up
on it would be other kind of CD salesmen
that is one route we could take we could
also leave a message saying that we're
enemies of the crown or not the crown I
guess the Baroness or whatever and we're
actually looking to acquire that crown
and we pay maybe 400,000 copper for it
and try to set up a meeting that way
it's much more risky of course because
we could attract a lot of attention that
way or we could try to run down all the
people surrounding the ship to see if
they have any information about the
types of people that would be trying to
ship you know contraband to see if they
have any information although it's
possible that the ship owner himself has
no idea so I think that um the last time
I was able to observe some type of
activity going on it seems like it was
due to a change in ship so what we could
do is we could borrow a part of Lenny's
plan we could steal the manifest to
compromise the ship's ability to leave
and then I could kind of like lurk
around the taverns to see if I can find
some talk about moving the crown to
another ship I'm sure that if that ship
it loses its ability to travel there's
going to be some sort of communication
for a different arrangement for the
transporter that crown
and that would probably be the best time
to pick up on it just my suggestion
though it's all my boy Lenny here iPad
Lenny on the lower back flashing up her
butt cheek I guess whoa he's short
that's all I can reach anyway yeah yeah
sounds awesome
let's do that all right you head back to
the docks to take a look at the ship
only to see it forming awake as it sails
away what in the hour that you've been
hour and a half that you've been looking
for this stuff apparently they have
pulled out of port the ship has how far
that's how far out are they I mean they
are out like you know they're thousand
1,500 feet out right now and sailing
away like okay corbs
I run back to the bar I dash back to the
bar there must be somebody here that
runs a smaller ship that's capable of
out maneuvering or traveling faster than
the larger we're not all three of us
riding on a bucking dolphin and we're
gonna get harpooned out of the [ __ ]
water okay well if you just want to know
where the ship is going you can check
with the harbor master you can get the
ship's tests I didn't ask where the ship
was going you assuming the ship's gonna
get there quite oh okay the ship might
not ever reach its destination it's true
I won't and row after it no not row
after there's got to be sunny for people
that do that what is it was this Han
Solo job or so many Game of Thrones that
one onion night guy yeah there's got to
be somebody like this it does work like
this okay so you want to find some boat
that can go chase after them yeah a
small a fighter or something smaller
than that a frigate a frigate a mini
frigate
okay okay all right so you're gonna so
what do you do as you like you run to a
nearby tavern and you say I need a ship
follow that ship I need a ship that can
catch another ship okay and it's gonna
be for some combat ships it's gonna be
for some heavy-duty [ __ ] fighting I
need a guy but I say this in such a way
that the authorities are not caring
whatever but like it's it's pretty
obvious to the people that I'm talking
through in the bar what I'm looking for
and the type of job that I'm about to go
on okay it says yeah this isn't like I
want to go on a fishing adventure with
grandpa this is like I'm gonna go hunt
down grandpa's boat and [ __ ] kill him
and all his friends wait
also wait question right women wait for
the skipper a boat of that size
reasonably how many men would we expect
would be a piloting a boat like that or
how many would mean yeah career will be
the crew size of space auto 1012
something like that that's it okay can I
say can I find a boat that does this I
think this is the perfect spot to end
for the week because we got to go okay
so when we come back next week we'll see
if you guys can get a ship or if you got
to find another way to find out that'll
be it for this session congratulations
everybody
I we are going to do a little bit of
experience because you did defeat the
Griffins and I will forget about that
before the next time so how close do you
guys to leveling we just love them we're
super funny so you give us a lot you can
really give us like two K and I'm gonna
think of a level of us I think it's okay
just give us 2,000 points almost eight
baths alive yeah I did do the [ __ ]
smackdown WWE move on the Griffon to
pull them out of the sky you mess it
pretty cool jumper the Griffins each of
you takes 225 experience and then we
will tally in all the role-playing all
the other stuff and at the end of this
quest 5 to 5
two to five twenty two hundred fifty two
to five 225 225 times away - two - I
think two twos
okay so we're all at 50 100 right okay
good okay
tune in next week for Captain Barbossa
reappearance everybody oh okay well uh
Lily tell us about what you're doing and
where we can find you
cool Lily peach you awesome did you guys
know that Lily sold out of every single
place on our art booth at twitchcon no
it'll mess about the cameras okay mr.
man what are you done congratulations
video games come check me out yeah
do you play video games are you still
displaying well no I play uh I'm doing
variety all right okay Torino if you're
EST it's like 7:00 a.m. you stay cool
[Music]
okay and koi boo oh I'm Destin you guys
I'm very queer boo you can find me next
Wednesday on Z's Ariens channel because
I'm going to be starting a new campaign
with caesarian Devin Nash Trump SC and
nevets
Steven called empires of Arcadia they're
waiting that starts next Wednesday
oh man hmm I know we'll see about that
okay this is not happening Mike's
Wednesday we might be there guys we'll
see
have a good one guys each creature
that's you - what oh yeah
[Music]
