when you need an earlier days how do you
deal with the fact that people are born
into states that they don't consent
being born into is there like a kill
shot like I can argue against this but
it requires me to lay a lot of
groundwork is there like a kill shot
argument against that what are we
arguing
so like I'm born into United States and
now I'm subject to your laws and your
taxation and all of that
I didn't consent to any of that how
could you possibly cover me that way
when I didn't consent to this governess
what's like this governing or whatever
looks like a kill shot response to that
Oh
your what I'm not sure if I have like a
kill shot wait hold on for your
political label is a narco anywhere in
your [ __ ] title no okay
all right wait so you don't you know cuz
like I can get there but it takes me a
while to do it there's not like one easy
like get [ __ ] answer whatever you have
to like go through the work of laying
down like some groundwork to do it
hey what's your what's your argument uh
uh like if I'm if I'm forced to respond
to that yeah because it just seems like
anybody actually I mean like if you were
to really go for it right you would just
say you're not responsible for even
living in there for you know like [ __ ]
responsibility altogether because I you
know like you know I was forced to being
born and then you can take an anti natal
astre sponsz you're like uh-huh I know
people even take like pro suicide
responses hey where the boats here
what's your what's your argument I
usually come at this from some weird
like like like the idea that like
multiple people coming together can
create value that individuals on their
own can so not to be utilitarian but if
we could measure like the total
happiness that two individuals could
achieve on their own it would be ten
apiece
come together it would be like 50 if
we're under the understanding that
multiple people coming together can
create a better society and the only way
to do this is to make it so that people
are like have to be roped into this from
birth we can't have like an opt-in or an
opt-out because it for a variety of
reasons that doesn't make sense or under
18 or whatever you you're not even of an
age where you can make these decisions
etc cetera but but if we're under this
kind of like frame
and then I come at it from like a
utilitarian or consequentials
perspective I basically just say that
like in order to create like more value
overall for society everybody
essentially is forced to be roped into
the government that they're born into
that any alternative to that is going to
lead to like an almost absurd reality
where either we have to like everybody
that's born is gonna be like fighting
the United States to recapture land from
them or if you're born then your only
other alternatives are to literally
leave the country and and I don't know
it's a take land from somebody else
they're gonna live in the ocean or some
[ __ ] that everything becomes like really
absurd if you take that position that
just because you're born into a country
you're not necessarily governed by its
laws and that it's not necessarily like
an immoral thing because you're getting
something in return for it and this is
like a yeah I don't know it would be
something along those it depends on what
particular brand of governance they're
arguing for but it but it would be
something along those lines I think well
I mean but wouldn't that argument
basically be over always in favor of the
state so it would be in favor of the
state as long as the state's goals are
aligned with whatever your whatever your
views are I guess maybe this is cheating
this might be circular but know what I'm
like so what I'm saying is like if the
state obviously said like if you were to
try to turn the same argument around you
say okay well what if the state says
you're all born in a slavery forever now
congratulations you're oh and I could
give use against you then I was like
well I don't think that I don't think
that you being in a state that provides
you with you know some level of autonomy
and uses your taxes to fund that for
everybody is the same as a state that
enslaves you forever I think that these
things no but I mean no you didn't even
minimally right like you would let's say
that you're not in a in a full slave
society but you're in like the one that
we're right now one right now so
particularly I mean so obviously you
think that there needs to be some form
of change to the state right what do you
wait I do yeah wait why do you mean
obviously or what do you mean in what
way like I mean are you completely
satisfied with how things are running
the government right now I don't think
any of Khorasan yeah yeah so you would
so you would say like you could
obviously like make changes to the stay
right you can't just like affirm
the state is something that you should
follow just because you're in the state
and because you're born in the state and
because you know certain types of things
to do for sure occur okay so you are AB
so you're gonna be like you're gonna be
in some forms anti-state um so they
would just say it's a difference of
degree or you know I think there's a
difference between saying like like
there's a difference between saying like
there's an acceptable level of force
that you can use to hit your kid versus
you should never hit your kid I think
that these are two fundamentally
different arguments it's not a matter of
degree much the same I would say there's
a fundamental difference between saying
states are by definition immoral if you
don't consent to them versus a state can
exert different levels of control and
along this paradigm it eventually goes
from world to immoral or something that
the saying that like all or nothing
that's not just another flavor of more
or less state control does that make
sense do you agree with it or disagree
sure so deep so I guess I can't remember
if it was was it Nozick music it
basically made the argument that we have
to have at least a minimal form of
government it seems so you think that
they're like yeah there's a necessary
requirement of some sort that in order
to have a community you have to have
some sort of minimal government yeah
that whatever communities would exist
absent any government are going to be
measurably worse than what we have with
government and the only way to make
government work is to force everybody to
buy into it basically from birth do you
think voluntary services afford with
government when you say voluntary
service are you talking like military or
what do you mean well let's just say
like that you were to create some sort
of society and like one way of
implementing law would be not through
like state governed police force but
basically a voluntary police force would
this be a minimal form of government I
don't know if I would be in favor of it
or it'd be effective but I mean I guess
by definition at some minimal form of
government right well I don't I don't
know like that's something that I wonder
I don't I don't know if like a voluntary
police force would necessarily be
something that's operated by the state
or just you know agreed upon by a lot of
[ __ ] people and then you know they
just have a commune of some sort like
you have these things called ta Z's
which temporary autonomous zones that
open up occasionally
you know I'm like ions or whatever where
people just want to sort of escape
society and then they build their own
communist a that those are like
necessarily like have a minimal form of
government now to try to make like a
meme argument against you but like when
you start to grow two levels of
complexity where you start to need some
third party to arbitrate how these like
volunteer forces work and everything
like are you not just essentially
constructing some form of government
like is this or or do you think there's
a meaningful difference between this um
I don't know that's that's that's
basically the question that I'm posing
right now I'm not sure if I buy into the
form of minimal government argument I
haven't like looked into this particular
Mostafa kathiria so it's just something
I'm agnostic on everything basically
like an anti Koch communist tonight so I
don't know if he's gonna bring up like
that consent to government [ __ ] sounds
like anti needleless to me which is like
I can't I don't hate debating it because
I don't honestly even know if you can
win those debates
I just don't [ __ ] to him because [ __ ]
is cancer I haven't haven't debated okay
would you say a narco communist right
thank you
I think he's an anticodon or sectional
list communist I think is what he is I
don't know if I don't know this what
were you gonna talk about but it's just
something I was curious about yeah we
have a few communists within their chat
room I just haven't read it enough about
it to have a stance yeah I mean when it
comes to political views I'm not so much
like not so well-read on those as I am
like an epistemology ethics and
metaphysics and ontology and [ __ ] like
that so uh-huh but I'm always willing to
hear you know stances I don't I just
don't know how I feel about like the
small like you necessarily need a form
of small government in order to have us
a commune I know certain people think
that's like in like an analytic
statement it's just content like the
predicate is contained in the subject
yeah wait so you're saying that you you
don't necessarily need a small
government to have a small commune I'm
saying I don't know I don't know if you
do oh yeah okay huh okay all right okay
clouds just wanna know you're
disappointed me but thank you
I know I know I don't have any knockdown
arguments for you okay I can do some
research for you buddy maybe I can come
in later on and think about it yeah
report back okay okay wait I'm curious
in general for an archive use do you
agree that without some sort of third
party arbitration that like societies
would break down like pretty [ __ ]
fast or do you think libertarian
arguments are pretty convincing that you
need that isn't that basically the same
question is before well no I'm just
asking if you think they're necessary
not like not like it's justified morally
or something but like whenever I got at
arguments of libertarians I usually
start asking questions like okay well
what if somebody comes by and buys the
bridge and says nobody can travel on
anymore and they destroy your city or
what if somebody comes by and they buy
all the land around you and they say
you're not allowed to travel through it
like and then let or what if somebody
steals all your [ __ ] and you have nobody
to turn to like what do you do like I
don't know it [ __ ] like it feels like
you need some sort of like higher power
like like something that'll bunch of
people are vesting power into in order
to like enforce anything is that what do
you Thor do you think no or well I
definitely think there has to always be
some through of like legal and
inflammation mm-hmm that's what you mean
by that but yeah I hope that's a
necessity
there's always dicks right there's just
always some asshat who wants to do
something that is not ethical mm-hmm but
I do but I do think like a certain type
of zeitgeist movement can construct
certain types of and and this is
necessarily true because law can't do
all the body of work that certain types
of social norms can right yeah you know
any anytime someone says you like okay
well you need necessarily like very
stringent laws that seems very
unconvincing because social norms do
seem to you know exist very heavily and
these I think basically you know are
what regulates society most often mm-hmm
so yeah I mean that's all I really have
to say about that
so have you proved metaphysical
materialism yet destiny actually yeah
you should check my paper it's gonna be
published I've got it it's a work in
progress working paper right now a
Harvard go look it up I'm not gonna tell
you anything else about it like if I
leave
ooh I like that one to the non-consent
person what if you were kidnapped and
dropped off on a deserted island with a
society you'd still have to live by
their rules but you still hope that
society respects your rights like being
born okay okay it's a good one how are
we go over I don't think we're gonna
agree I usually spend some time with
your chat I'm really curious if you can
find
