hello yeah you can hear me now oh I can
hear you it sounds beautiful okay yeah
sorry about that um I had to fix my
[ __ ] Mike yeah no problem dude
what's that work
so anyways I've never watched you stream
before or anything like that but I
joined it at a particular point in which
was that guy about whether you thought
violence was ever justified yeah and I'm
not untrue it was he saying that he
thinks it is justifiable
yeah probably I'm nya girl I'm probably
to some extent but and and which extent
do you agree with him to if you advocate
for a moral philosophy that allows you
to enact violence against others then
you probably open yourself to be
violently and acted upon okay well I
mean that's one story like I would I
would disagree to the point where I
think that you shouldn't be physically
harming anybody unless you yourself are
in physical danger however what's
happening in all over the United States
and even in Canada is people are
shutting down any type of speakers that
have opposing views to them just like
any time I made a comment in your chat I
would get berated with autism autistic
and etc etc that's very interesting that
you say that do you think that
harassment is a forum of censorship
because nobody ban you from my chat but
you that's crazy because you just made a
left-leaning argument against censorship
people argue that Milo you Nautilus
should be she was he harasses students I
actually was banned from your chat and I
had to use a different account okay cuz
I'm looking at your logs and it seems
like you said a whole bunch of [ __ ] I
just thought it was really cool that you
brought up that argument that you just
brought up is a very classic one that
left-leaning people bring up 2d platform
people like Miley innopolis who used
their free speech to bully others they
consider about a form of censorship so
it's a blessing that you concerned that
a bunch of people in a chatroom calling
you autistic you considered that a form
of censorship so that would be a very
lovely nning point of view that you have
no I didn't say that was censorship at
all what I'm saying a censorship is
absolutely not allowing someone to speak
which was exactly what happened to me
when my other account was bad Oh gotcha
okay I'm not left leftist whatsoever and
I think the eyehole Antipa movement is
absolutely [ __ ] being anti-fascist
is [ __ ] or which part is no the the
actual group itself maybe not what it
quote-unquote stands for and just same
way black lives matter in essence if if
you look at it from what some people
will say yes of course black lives do
matter but when you look at what the
actual the group is doing itself and
going around and just protesting maybe
one case of a plea totality and other
case the LM is protesting a single case
of police brutality I think that they
hand-picked cases and I think in a lot
of cases like I can't remember all these
off the top of my head but the last one
I saw was maybe it was Eric garner and
the one I'm not sure he's the one who
was basically down and they said he was
selling CDs or whatever and they
basically said he was unarmed got shot
whatever and the truth was he had prior
charges he actually had a weapon on him
and they basically paint police officers
these murderous insane violent people
that are coming to get any minority and
okay let's back up let's back up really
really far okay do you think that there
is a disproportionate amount of police
violence against minorities in the
United States or not
no okay not disportionateately large we
can look it up I'm curious let's explore
let's explore all of it together so I
googled minority versus white person
sentencing and I got three articles
right off the bat I'm gonna send each of
you the three of them and we can read
them and go through them together if
you'd like do you like do you want to do
that did you want to move on to a
different topic uh-oh
I'll pull them up and I'll read one of
them chair you can go over the first one
so New York Times that trigger you is
that okay or maybe we will use a
different way okay
[Music]
yeah I know so then what if we tied it
what if we try to read the words and we
actually grapple with the subject matter
rather than the like the title or the or
the URL do you think we can try that I
mean you go ahead or we can go to the
next one you can do an ACLU is that okay
or do you consider them a liberal
organization though which so the ACLU
American Civil Liberties Union they're
the people that protect like free speech
they'll go ahead and go ahead and read
okay I've never seen this before maybe
it'll end up agreeing with you by the
end who knows let's see
racial disparities in sentencing the
American Civil Liberties Union welcomes
this opportunity to submit written
testimony to the inter-american
Commission on Human Rights for its
hearing on racism in the criminal
justice system of the United States
our submission focuses on these
significant racial disparities and
sentencing decisions in the United
States which result from disparate
treatment of blacks at every stage of
the criminal justice system and are
consistent with a larger pattern of
racial disparities that plague the US
criminal justice system the human rights
violations associated with such racial
disparities are particularly egregious
in the United States and we hope that
this commission will take action to
address them so without moving on from
that if you disagree with this can you
tell me on what basis you disagree with
the ACLU I would find it actually hard
to disagree because I haven't done
enough research and it was nice in
myself cool so that's fine I'm really
glad that you admit that can you tell me
why you have such a strong opinion on
the existence of black lives matters if
you're completely unread in this topic
okay well I'd like to jump to another
topic where they talked about how
disproportionate black killings okay I
don't want to move on to a topic where
you're gonna throw numbers at me about
black on black crime because one I
already know the argument you gonna make
on it's bad and two I'd rather focus on
this because this is the thing that
drives me to do these conversations as I
run into people like you who have no
idea what you're talking about but still
have incredibly strong opinions and want
to share them online you felt confident
enough to jump into a call with me to
talk to me about our horrible BLM is and
you don't even know about racial
disparities and so far in this country
they've brought attention to disconcert
Ferguson and killing cops do you think
that's all they've done maybe that's the
only thing that you've paid attention to
let's not pivot ok so I want to know why
did you do
strong evidence to prove that we've
actually made any positive effect the
fact that we're having this conversation
how is evidence that they've had a
positive effect they want the
conversation to take place in United
States politics look at the whole
kneeling during the national anthem [ __ ]
a lot of this is driven by BLM that's
the goal of any political group you can
make that you can make that argument for
anything that you're raising awareness
so if I walk around with my dick out for
prostate cancer and you say hey that's
trying to [ __ ] up and I'm like well my
dicks out for prostate cancer and then
everyone's like oh you bruised where it
is I don't think that's comparable but
I'm not saying that you can commit like
morally offensive actions to raise
awareness or something which is what
you're trying to make the comparison of
oh so sorry what was that can you repeat
that so you I understand what you're
doing you're trying to say that all of
BLM is literally like a couple of Rights
that have resulted in people getting
killed or hurt or something I guess is
what you're trying to say all of the LM
is if you want they'll go that's not
what I'm saying I'm trying to say is
that BLM has been focused predominantly
on police brutality yeah that's a yeah
that's a big thing that they've been
focusing on yeah and what I would when
my point is is that police brutality is
completely like overplayed and sure and
I agree and I agree that that's your
point but now I want you to ask me on
what basis do you base that point you
because earlier you told me that you
weren't lying down at the on the FBI
crime statistics that on the FBI crime
statistics what does that mean the
amount of violent and nonviolent crimes
committed by a certain race and the
amount of it was how is that related to
what we're talking about though cuz
we're talking about police brutality
so because african-americans might
commit more crime that means that it
justifies police brutality or racial
disparities and sentencing or other
levels in the criminal justice system
your arguments are totally disconnected
do you not I do not see that let me give
you an example let's say that I've got
two groups of 100 people talking about
what I'm talking about it's
statistically we can both agree that
cops aren't don't don't use the word
statistically because I don't think well
I don't think you understand it okay we
can both we can both agree okay
the police brutality exists so the more
you are more likely to run into police
brutality the more run-ins you have with
police agree
no that's not how these arguments work
so closely you think it you think so you
think it's strictly based on racial
based on the overwhelming amount of data
yes if you want we can porn through some
of it I mean I'm very confident that I'm
correct here like D like just think for
one moment do you think that you have
solved this massive case like well maybe
the reason why so many blacks experts
please cuz they commit more crime oh
I've got it solved do you think that
you're the only person that's ever
thought of that that you just solved the
entire dilemma of police brutality in
the United States and you're talking
about dumbing things down your argument
is absurd like what you say it's
incredibly stupid you're really working
in a master's in international business
you weren't lying when you said that I'm
not at all I'm just finishing up my
bachelor's right now and we're going on
to the mess up you say you're still an
undergrad okay sure
okay so how do you not see how can you
not understand that these two thoughts
are disconnected it is entirely possible
that a black people commit most crime at
least per capita I agree with that but
it's also possible that be black people
also experience a lot of unfairness in
the criminal justice system those two
things are not mutually theirs pleats
brutality but what I'm saying is that
some of you might be reframing this to
win the argument we're not talking about
police brutality we're talking about
unfair and unequal treatment of
minorities compared to white people not
just police brutality but an unfair
treatment based on color of your skin
you can't prove that this on the [ __ ]
color their skin you can't look at
anything and be like oh I know what that
cop was thinking that day he was today
he was thinking that man is black so I'm
gonna beat the [ __ ] out of him because
of whatever reason what do you what is
your undergrad in international business
do you take any any any classes on
advertising or marketing or any size
classes or anything so if you do a
marketing ad or whatever and you're
trying to measure the efficacy of your
ad you're trying to find out the impact
that you had on consumer behavior based
on some marketing campaign do you ever
point to stats or data like of consumer
behavior and look they go like hey
teacher look and then your teacher looks
at uni says you can't say the ear
marketing campaign was effective you
don't know what that
individual consumer was thinking as a
professor ever said anything like that
to you and your entire educational
background so my market trying to market
a product as someone it's the exact same
as someone being shot or killed from now
so but we can look at data okay and we
can analyze data to try to figure out
but you've want to [ __ ] throw the
data out the window but they're
committing wait oh no no I'm not I'm not
throwing any data out the window dude
all of my arguments are data-driven I am
very firmly rooted in reality right now
and the data tells us that if you give
it if you go into an area which is has a
murder rate higher than anywhere in the
city and you encounter someone that's in
be non-compliant what do you think is
gonna happen that's not what we're gonna
be I don't know what you're talking
about right now if you're in a [ __ ]
high murder rate area yeah I don't know
what is it was proportionate treatment
of minorities and white people I'm
talking about weird little and that's
not what I'm talking about weird oh
that's what I was talking about I'm
looking at an article that says racial
disparities in sentencing how do you
talk agreed we both agreed that we
weren't going over this way no because
it's something that okay so wait what
exactly when you reframe the topic for
me so I understand what we're going over
the topic that we were going over was is
police brutality as bad as it's
portrayed by the black life matter
movement okay I don't even know what
that means now we're arguing my
something totally different this is
boring to me it's police brutality as
bad as some people undefined so as it is
this argument they're basically saying
that no matter what if you are black
you're gonna be in the United States
you're going to be profile that you're
gonna be harassed by police okay I mean
if that's the straw man you want to
attack I would agree that that's really
dumb I don't think that's the central
point of the movement that's wrong I
think that typically the argument goes
that black people generally have more
difficult times with the cops on the
criminal justice system than white
people this is backed up by data yes yes
and that could be true what I'm saying
is a lot deeper than just [ __ ] people
being racist like like I said if you're
going to somewhere where you're in a
more statistically danger more dangerous
like area yeah but that's not what we're
talking about we're not talking about
more black people get killed by white
people we're talking or we're talking
about the fact that if you take a black
person and a white person with the same
amount of priors with the same crime
committed and you put them in front of
the same judge yes but why listen listen
what I'm not talking about the judges
I'm not talking anything about
sentencing I already told you I'm not I
haven't researched any of the same since
that statistics I don't know what if
it's that like that you could be right
on that part of the argument I don't
know okay well that's what black lives
matter is generally complaining about no
it's not just about sentencing it's not
at all just about sentencing okay what
else are we talking about I mean it
seems like we had some pretty
high-profile cases involving black
people and police officers I mean some
of them were probably who is the big
dude that robbed the store some of them
were probably the police officer should
have shot the dude some of them looked
really bad the guy that gets thrown
around in the back of that van and
paralyzed on his way to the jail it's
probably pretty [ __ ] up
the black dude that had the I don't know
there's a ton we could go over but but
what what about this I'm sorry can you
repeat there's a ton of cases like where
people point to the mistreatment of
black people by cops seems to be a
problem that black people experience
more than white people about a pretty
sad amount like black that were being
horrendously mistreated at the hands of
police officers that seems to be part of
what BLM was was fighting for that good
remember the guy that got shot by the
cop who was at his window who said he
had a gun and then the cops are shot in
coulomb cuz he said he smelled weed in
front of his girlfriend and kid or
whatever that seems to be things that
BLM is like fighting against I don't
know what part of that do you think is
wrong know that the part of it I was
wrong is that they're taking one or two
examples and then they're gonna run with
that and they're you do you think it's
[ __ ] liars two examples probably like
dozens you guys you go down I guarantee
there's a lot more cops killing black
people in the United States than there
are Muslims killing people if you go
into a black lives matter movement and
you ask them where they're from and what
the last five homicide cases were on
from a white officer
a black male they won't be able to name
five of them what I'm saying is that
they don't have to do become anything
what I what I'm saying if you see one
head news headline Oh
white male kills unarmed black police
officer yeah that's [ __ ] up and
there's there's definitely times where
then it's completely unjustified and
that they've just completed like
completely hello oh hey your mic cut up
recycle sorry sorry where was whoops
which part did you cut out you were
talking about why they couldn't identify
the last five homicide cases or
something
oh okay so let me sorry let me just
recover my thoughts what what I'm saying
is that if a
but hello
are you okay hi hello I can hear your
microphone
hello hello so I take it I took my
headphones out now can you hear me I'm
just on the phone anybody anyways my
whole point is if you ask these people
what is going on in their communities
they're unaware of what's happening
they're going off of Feud news headlines
and they're basically getting this
rhetoric that police are all bad and
that police are out to hurt minorities
which is I which is totally not the case
this is boring I like this this isn't
the state like if somebody says that
that all police are bad it's an easy
thing to attack if that's what you want
to do I mean we can sit here and pretend
that that's like the main point what's
going on no no I think the issue is
they're trying to bring attention to
disproportionate treatment of black
people if I'm like bacon pigs in a
blanket
yeah and Jews will not replace us you
will not replace us Wow tiki torches
that's the entire right we can play
these games if you want exactly that's
exactly what guys will say is that a
hundred people with tiki torches this is
a [ __ ] whole Republican Party but
when a whole thousands of people go
marching down the streets yelling these
rhetoric horrible chants that
oh those are the outliers this is what
it's about and what I'm trying to say is
there's a massive hypocrisy there yeah
this is a difference the difference is
that you can't name a single politician
or political figure on the left that
says that all cops are racist but I can
point to the President of the United
