what's up guys welcome to episode six of
the DT podcast I'm joined here by my
great Coast trihex how are you doing
today
great coats all of it the short
shortening of co-host pretty pretty hot
yeah it's totally intentional not
because I woke up you know now we're go
yeah I'm actually doing good this is
probably the first time tunes episode
like two that I'm adequately rested for
episode today I'm actually becoming
waking up at the appropriate time for a
daytime USA working podcast listening
audience that we're targeting here I'm
glad that makes at least one of us I'll
be in California hopefully the next time
we do this it'll affect we be even two
hours earlier for me so we'll see how
that goes this ends I'm getting moved
later in the day or if I can actually
maintain a normal human sleep schedule
we'll see record my hair is really long
I don't give a [ __ ] about combing right
now it needs to be we just today I
didn't I wasn't gonna say anything
because you said it add the crack the
laughs now there you go man my older
what do you it was like the pop punk
that stuff I'm gonna be returning to
that my days of New Found Glory and Good
Charlotte and all those that I blink-182
of those dudes
Avenged Sevenfold oh yeah all the rock
band bangers man
yeah the Breaking Bad's the shine downs
all those all the good thirty Seconds to
Mars yeah yeah like I love a deal of it
these are all the songs I would play the
most on rock band by the way just to
show you so everyone knows okay like oh
it's the guilty pleasures ya know you're
cool man I've learned you there are
times religion like webcam can hide a
lot of things like I can like have like
the most gross beard with like no
maintenance whatsoever
that's cool with it actually careful
once and like shave or like trim it up
and like what happened bro why'd you
why'd you nerf the beard they get like
they get really attached to having the
epic like majestic man cave beard I
guess I don't know yeah it actually took
me a while there is a I think
the week before last or might have been
last week where you came out of her some
reason you look really different I
couldn't put my finger on it and I
realized later it was because of the
facial hair yeah yeah yeah
purely because I want to look like not
like a scuffed a caveman going to visit
my family for Thanksgiving what do you
mean by that I feel when you can when
you're like not on the webcam and people
can see you in Ultra HD graphics that uh
you know people can see you look like a
wildebeest Oh at least me you know
whatever I'm okay yeah yeah alright so
okay so today we decided to you know how
you ever watched you sit come and you
know that sometimes they run out of
ideas for episodes and then they have
the one where they like sit around a
table and they just do flashbacks of
other episodes
you ever watch old sitcoms they would do
stuff like that yeah it's a comment uh
you you add more depth to like the early
episodes I had no meaning behind them
and you try to infer more into those
original occurrences by giving a
backstory and adding and building death
upon the backlog yeah yeah let's go with
that that's what we're doing this time
okay yeah it's like Futurama but we plan
to do this like they did right sure yeah
there's a lot of people that don't know
there's a lot of people that don't know
I guess the background of trihex aka
it's Michael Wright just pronounced like
normal Michael yeah yeah and then and
then my background I mean a lot of you
guys here are gonna be familiar with it
a couple of you won't be but I'm just
Ford I guess new listeners or people
that are not you know super Lauren
rested destiny fans or trihex fans I
guess you can kind of flesh out our
background a little bit more just that
we know a little bit more about each
other yeah that's part the biggest thing
here too actually is I I don't think you
all may know most necessary knows about
Destiny's past but I actually don't know
I don't know diddly [ __ ] about your past
to be honest even this whole
collaboration now is kind of comical
because we both know I would say very
little about each other I don't know
your backstory you don't know my
backstory I'm not very little about you
other than the face value of like what
you stream and what you enjoy doing with
political debates and debating in
general and getting to the objective
truth of everything that you're insted
and learning further about yeah we don't
we don't know much about each other so
in an effort
to strengthen that bond and in heighten
that bromance III thought it was
actually cool to say yeah let's let's uh
let's let's grab it and like do the the
bromance off stream let's do it on
stream let's do it on podcast let's make
it happen let's let's cement the
hand-holding metaphorically sounds good
I broke it down basically into the we
talked about the counties beforehand so
I guess basically we'll walk through
we'll both talk about our beginning I'm
guessing like first jobs first things we
ever did for actual exchange of cash and
then how we got into streaming and then
how we got to I guess where we are today
and then kind of a wrap it up you know
how to the podcast come to be and then
we can probably take a couple questions
if we see anything good depending how
long that goes yeah yeah sick so start
with first job you ever worked first job
ever worked so I was a I was a Yukio
playing introvert high school student
who got a flip phone at age 16 for my
mom until and she pretty much guilted me
and she's like all right look I'm
getting you a cell phone
mine's like 2006 I'm getting you a cell
phone it's a shitty flip phone cost 40
bucks you're paying the bill deal with
it or turn the phone off I was like
alright cool whatever so I got a job by
the McDonald's that was built into my
local Walmart and I was smart because I
I applied at that one specifically
because I thought the McDonald's inside
of a Walmart doesn't have a
drive-through so therefore it's less
[ __ ] deal with on any given day that
was my I'm a high IQ play right there so
I worked at McDonald's age 16 I was only
there for four months until I
immediately quit what I could and you
didn't have to work there was no
drive-through there was no dry yeah
because it's the McDonald's inside the
Walmart so there's only like the lot
like okay yeah it's the gif in the curst
okay there were some trade-offs there
the McDonald's you know you know in a
Walmart typically is a much smaller
kitchen so you're like you're literally
if you're like cooking like I kid you
not it may be the width of my stream
room literally like you're your when you
add in like the grill and the other and
the sandwich assembly line behind you a
station like yeah you're pretty much you
know freaking ass to ass behind each
other like you're you barely can
move through if you have like like it
Big Bertha is like the obese old lady
behind you making sandwiches and you're
on the grill like you're you're
literally she's like right on you dude
there's nowhere to walk through honestly
it was really frustrating actually not
to mention notes this really weird thing
where because you could see the entrance
door to Walmart when you're working in
that depressing ass kitchen all day it
was like I got like a weird case of like
uh I don't know I want to call like
melatonin withdrawal we're like I'm
behind you know regular fluorescent
light bulbs from the from the ceiling
and like I'm seeing the beautiful
tempting daylight like it's a beautiful
day outside I'm just stuck in here
depressed as [ __ ] hating where I am
right now at [ __ ] suck dude it's like
the prison and the Dark Knight Rises or
whatever you can just you can see the
escape but you can't actually go see the
light beams from the window dude yeah
the whole thing and then uh we I was
lending for for for four months I uh I I
dipped out I'm sorry first first call
here for a for an anecdote I dipped out
because I was a good worker I was on my
PS and QS I was I had strong work ethic
cuz I didn't want it I don't wanna be
the weakest link in the McDonald's work
force quote unquote
and so at night when they closed
everyone has like a chore and hearing to
take care of something have to like you
know restock the fries or something have
to you know I don't know wash dishes and
have to like you know apply the anti
grease whatever fluid to the to the to
the flat top grill but you cook the
burgers on the worst the worst chore by
wide margin was dishwashing [ __ ] [ __ ]
suck dude these like so whatever y'all
order a chicken nuggets McDonald's like
the the fryer basket that you put the
Nuggets in then drop into the fryer for
or is so coated so thick in grease like
just clearly months of whoever it was
assigned Dish duty not giving the
slightest [ __ ] about actually scrubbing
the damn thing so just like it gets
coated and looks like [ __ ] and it's like
it's all it's really like plastic
covered and coated and [ __ ] and I'm like
sitting here actually like oh my god I
have to actually like do it really I
thought that was like you know I was not
eating right so I thought that was from
one day of it being in the fryer all day
so I'm sitting here like getting like
tennis elbow trying to [ __ ] scrub the
stupid basket to oblivion and I actually
do it and
the managers like Wow Michael you did a
great job I'm gonna make you do
dishwashing from now on she did such a
good job I'm like wait a minute so
you're you're punishing me by giving me
the worst chore by a wide margin because
I did a good job on it
then mind you the next day the other guy
who had it didn't eat like just [ __ ]
rinsed it and threw it right back in the
thing didn't even didn't even bother
washing and I saw him do it
that many my friends was a supervisor
and he just wanted to fill you in a [ __ ]
job that's what that means about okay
yeah that burned me really hard with
like dude man [ __ ] this place from out
dude I was like so ready to get out did
and by the way for context here 2006
minimum wage hadn't kicked into the
upgrade yet so it was still it was still
5:15 and yeah so it was like yeah yeah
it was it was trashed dude my checks
were like garbage like me giving a [ __ ]
was like I got like a hundred and thirty
five dollars every two weeks like it was
like it would do it was nothing it that
barely paid anything you combined my car
insurance and the phone bill and I was
pretty much down to like nothing
I was working to pay for a car to drive
the places I didn't I couldn't do
anything with anything I had no [ __ ]
money so it was like a zero zero sum
game working at McDonald's so I dipped
out that's my first job anyway my friend
was at McDonald's - that's kind of funny
really yeah I feel like the I feel like
a lot of the worst parts of my job
though we're tied to working in the
winter and being in an outdoor
restaurant like I think we called a back
drive was working the a lot of place
have to drag the windows and then one is
kind of the first one you run up to and
then the second one is the second one
you run up to and that first when you go
up to in the back of the restaurant it
was always [ __ ] freezing cold when it
was the winter time and you had to work
that position that was the worst [ __ ]
position to work holy [ __ ] it was so
[ __ ] cold but for the most part I
mean otherwise yeah I mean it's it's a
job at McDonald's it kind of sucked and
yeah yeah
so happier actually um I only went
through believe it or not four jobs was
my entire or work history until I got
into streaming over each of them but I
do have to make tunnels well so after
McDonald's um I had a okay so it's funny
thing here I ended up working at a
Mexican restaurant called tan Pecos and
what happened is
my friend Jesse had another friend who
was a busboy at 10 Pecos one of the
customers forgot their wallet on the
table after leaving the restaurant after
eating there the Busboys you know they
the Busboys they come after you leave
and they grab all your dirty dishes off
the table and they clean the table that
way it's ready to serve real quick 10
Pecos is this like a normal sit-down
restaurant or oh yeah this is a normal
sit-down Mexican restaurant and Cantina
it a yeah yeah family-owned not a
nationwide chain of any kind just like
you know they have like four locations I
believe at this point now sure I'll get
more to that in a second I'm worried
that the family-owned part is very very
important to know here yeah yeah yeah
we're gonna get into this one here in a
second so the the friend the Walt was
missing the gentleman came back the the
friend denied it gets pulled into the UH
to the office as in through his pockets
right then in there the wallet is in his
possession far in the spot so they
hadn't said he had a so guilty so still
doesn't pay yeah
then Jesse tells me you know hey yo do
you want to apply at ten Pecos we need
someone right now and I was like and I
not knowing [ __ ] about bussing a
restaurant industry or anything better I
just purely off the notion that I was
getting paid fifty cents more an hour
and it wasn't McDonald's I was like I'm
in let's [ __ ] go like I very brash
leaves winning in [ __ ] did it
it's really how excited back then we get
over like a 25 cent or like a 50 cent
raise or like the idea I remember going
from exams to casino the idea that I
could paid $9 an hour who's like
unimaginably [ __ ] amazing yeah I got
a better one to when it comes to the job
number three here involving like
minuscule amounts of raise and getting
excited over that crazy how the
standards have changed now but yeah
ended up being a busboy at 10 Pecos and
it was crazy because again family owned
restaurants so the labor like normal yet
a corporate chain you have like the
corporation entity or a portion of the
of the overhead mandating labor like you
know they they say you know hey you you
guys sell thirty thousand dollars a food
a day therefore your labor dictates are
allowed this many workers on the floor
any given time however a Tampico is just
all about the window they were like you
know we need you here every day can you
work can you work six days a week and
you were only closed on Sundays or can
you work money
to Saturday and I was like yes so the
entire of summer 2006 I was a busboy at
ten Pecos and I like would get 60 or 65
hours a week I was making Bank
like even though that the pay was [ __ ]
cuz it was like 550 an hour I was making
like you know like 200 per week on the
checks I was like I was Powerball on
that time dude and I quickly saved up
and got my first major purchase that
enabled my forever my forever internet
geekdom I got a personal laptop I got a
gaming laptop I got a Asus g1 in before
gaming Omega law laptop but it's
honestly it's what I needed at the time
and Asus g1 what did this look like at
the time oh did it look like an
alienware ricer thing dude it was a I
need to remember the I know that crazy I
don't it had windows xp standard I don't
remember the processor the RAM amount or
anything meaningful I remember which GPU
had in it but uh it could run it could
one it can run fear on high that's all I
remember fear one that's like all I
remember doing like at a DVD Drive the
hard drive was whatever mechanical
wasn't wasn't a SSD yeah it's like it
came with like a cool it came with a
cool backpack I bought it off new wig
yeah it was my first major purchase I
got I was pretty happy with that comes
with an and a built-in nvidia geforce
7700 if you go by the numbers today it
actually sounds like very futuristic
because we're like the 2000 series now
but back a long time ago they they would
kind of started the numbers over again
but yeah
do you actually found my god you
actually found the dude yeah dude I was
dude this was I was geeking man this is
my first time doing an unboxing like I'd
never had like you know sure I like I
had a PSP like the year prior but this
is my first time like with my own blood
sweat and tears buying something big
like I was very proud of what I got here
dude I was super high for it so um now
this distractor kind of extends arcs
content the whole story about how I end
up getting fired in this job um so I was
a busboy there and then I was a very
responsible busboy and that led to me
becoming the getting familiar with all
the food the car Gatos chimichangas
fajitas all that and they needed someone
to organize the food typically in a
restaurant what happens is the the
Cook's will make the food and then it's
up to the waiters to then go into the
the mosh pit that is the the Expo Line
and grab the correct food the correct
chimichanga the correct uh chicken steak
nachos the correct queso dip you know
whatever right and then grab your [ __ ]
and bring it to your table as you need
to do problem is gonna by by Thursday
Friday Saturday you know we're getting
slammed in five directions at once and
there's like all the way to the where
like a beeper on the back of their apron
and yeah the cooks couldn't like buzz
like you know beeper 1 through 10 and
you're buzzing you know numbered not
like where the [ __ ] is Michelle letter
was getting cold and like no one's there
to help her out so naturally rose demand
for an expediter someone to be the
middleman to get yelled at by the cooks
and get yelled by the waiters to make
[ __ ] happen I was gonna so for the for
the job stuff work we usually call that
window that would be impossible for me
to imagine somebody running would
somebody not running that station like
somebody has to be for the casino that's
usually where you're supervising when
somebody has to be running window and
even at McDonald's you normally had the
guy backing orders was usually the
president was like who's kind of in
charge or like that which is sometimes
here the supers got to make sure [ __ ]
was running well yeah yeah definitely no
you're right about that - there's that a
key position - McDonald's when
everything's get busy as well [ __ ]
anything goes it seems like common sense
now when you work at any any like chain
restaurant but family-owned business
through this was like not standard at
all it was a complete [ __ ] show dude
like dude I was getting oh it may were
foul - they would like they would've
cussed him out I don't know if that's
like a thing that you I'm sure that like
cursing and smoking we're standard at
like the in the restaurant industry
because it's so it's so high stressful
because because time is so important you
know um but because I compared you know
if you work at retail you know if you
walk into a retail center like Walmart
and I don't have like a I don't have a
right I don't have a 1 terabyte Red Dead
Redemption - bundled ps4 Pro for you
it's like sorry bro it's December 21st
you're a bad parent so I've waiting so
long [ __ ] out of here bro GG
comparatively you walk into a restaurant
if I'm out of whatever the [ __ ] you want
if you want like a1 steak sauce on your
rib eye and I don't have a one you're
looking at me like well I don't want
this [ __ ] steak anymore like I am
Moody and I'm Moody tethered to my
hunger so now I am I
hyung I'm hungry and angry so I'm hangry
and I'm mad at you about it so
everything the customers mad about is
now your problem you're deeply invested
into it and it's a time-sensitive issue
so it's like the whole thing is like
compound to be this giant stress bomb
the entire [ __ ] night right yep so
the point is though at the rep at the
restaurant these cooks man whether it be
possible or a wand or I've got the other
guy's name here dude they're all cussing
at me in Spanish like you [ __ ] puto I
did tell me how I bought all the waiters
I'll do this it was very much of us
versus them it was very much always
versus back a house thing that standard
for you - oh yeah dude one of my
favorite thing I kind of go into it oh
yeah dude for a bag of houses [ __ ]
dude [ __ ] when you're in the middle of a
Russian in a and a poor little poor
little server coming damn thirty five
[ __ ] minutes for that [ __ ] calm
down holy [ __ ] yeah dude it's the worst
man when you bring something to the
table and they ask you hey can I get us
out of something non-traditional
something you can't bring in like you
can't you can't ring in like a side of
butter butter does come on the ribeye
right but there's no button in the
computer to renew order excited butter
so you gotta go over there and be like
hand me a side of butter you'd ring that
in yeah so many pet peeves when I would
[ __ ] it because when I became supervisor
I learned every job at the casino back
in front front of house and back a house
because I wanted to be able do
everything
nothing would piss me off more than a
little lowly [ __ ] server you know
kind of like hey I ringed in this wrong
or hey I did that and then the servers
and they're the cooked me like yeah how
did you bring that in do you remember to
charge for it's like [ __ ] let us
worry about that [ __ ] cook the [ __ ]
food you don't need to sit here and
[ __ ] do some broad spectrum analysis
of the front-of-house business don't
worry if we [ __ ] charge something you
don't do the [ __ ] inventory you're
not managing [ __ ] pay right why the
[ __ ] do you care shut the [ __ ] up and
cook the [ __ ] is wrong with you
oh man sigh yeah but yeah cooks get
hella like an attitude yeah we will get
I will get to this further here but
they're the I I have PTSD I want to
bring them up here real quick about that
because [ __ ] AVT it's a it's the term
I heard every [ __ ] day I want I
wanted to ram my head into a [ __ ]
wall you
dude actual versus theoretical that's
all they ever threw at us brother like
abt abt drinking in I can't [ __ ]
butter you stupid [ __ ] God we're at the
only thing I've ever heard for annoying
acronyms I had a manager the manager of
our McDonald's restaurant emic down
let's do over here HBO know what's HBO
handbag out get out the window HBO HBO
that's what they be showing you HBO get
it out handbag out HBO cuz every time
you hit next on the McDonald's thing to
show the served it would record your
times back in the array in the RS so you
could see your average hell yeah HBO
hand it out do you trick me too right
now cuz alright the equivalent HBO was
[ __ ] pre bumping oh my god dude gotta
keep our average ticket times down boy
10 minutes these [ __ ] would
just bump like you talk you're talking
about how you would just hit that sir
button even if you hadn't handed the bag
out yet and see you never did I would
match that [ __ ] [ __ ] heart if people
like what's the next row never like I'm
it's a ten people oh [ __ ] I don't
remember actually anybody like [ __ ]
scrambling to try to remember what the /
and then you have to open the window and
you know they were gonna throw a [ __ ]
but you like what did you order a good
man cuz you're like just smashing that
[ __ ] sir button as soon as they've
collected the payment at the annually
alright McFlurry serve all right number
five number ten sir all right and you
just be smash it and you're like your
time felt like a [ __ ] lunch rush
sometimes we'd be like 35 seconds like
how the [ __ ] did you do that it's like
listen man trust me we got to [ __ ] on
luck oh yeah sorry
no dude okay the thing about this okay
so for attend to understand here
whatever got McDonald's there is usually
like a 1/8 panel window for top for
bottom and you can hit you know serve
and have that panel be done move on to
the next one and the active queue the
thing is though you know so the timer is
moving on all pending orders that have
not been served yet it's like an urgent
impossible every single [ __ ] number
that screen is going up and they turn
yellow red depending on your yeah oh
yeah that it's good it goes from green
happy yellow taking a little while red
it's overdue like according to corporate
mandate at times this should have been
served by now because based off of
Phil's being cooked that at the time it
was initially ordered it
be there on time and I think I wonder
your seconds is your goal I think from
when they enter the drive through to win
their serve it's supposed to be 90
seconds tops it's like your order I
think it's whether we went for yeah it's
[ __ ] crazy well the thing that work
mean I mean that's not talking about
here though is this whole pre pumping
thing is you can bump it early to make
your your serve times artificially lower
to make your restaurant look good in the
corporate spectrum or in your current
region for your area director but what
we need and we're getting out
specifically here is the fact that you
you live off the recall screen because
you can bump orders and you have your
pending orders but you can hit the
recall button and see what's already
been served and you're working off of
that but you you bump first then hit
recall and you're looking at like recall
six of ten like okay what did I bump up
four minutes ago and we need right now
that's what we would often do like it
was just like people wouldn't live off
the actual active queue screen they
would live off the recall function which
is cheating but no is what it is
so containing on the III went from a
busboy to an expediter and at first I
would just organize the food in the
window for the waiters who were justly
know and I'm sitting here and now I'm
the paranoid you know dad sitting here
buzzing all the the beepers trying to
get these [ __ ] to come get the
goddamn food and the knurl to be found
they're all busy getting double sat
triple sat whatever and eventually it's
like okay I have to rise to the occasion
I had to literally bring the food for
Matt to learn how to how to carry trays
and maintain balance and and brought bro
these fajitas are [ __ ] this is not
some like little little [ __ ] ass
Buffalo Wild Wings no these are like
[ __ ] Tampico loaded ass fajitas
Brodie's thanks for [ __ ] heavy man
like [ __ ] heavy dude if I'm carrying
forward that thing's probably 25 pounds
minimum on one hand on that tray and
balanced and hottest [ __ ] they just
they coming out near hot on fire dude so
I had to like get good real real quick
um I did and I became the expediter and
I was the and I was like the guy would
run the food literally so it became I'm
with from beating minimum wage so now
it's getting them I got an upgrade to
like seven an hour and I got tip ten
percent from every waiter in the night
so I was like you are super brave
expedite is uh if I was running window I
could never run food because if I would
step out of that window for two seconds
some dumb [ __ ] server would
walk up and start [ __ ] shouting for
[ __ ] and I would come back and five
minutes [ __ ] later they would be
played to my window and I don't have no
[ __ ] idea what would be going on man
I don't know I fell like when I was
running window I had never you never
leave to run something unless you
literally like we're running out of
employees or some [ __ ] because some dumb
[ __ ] would walk up to the window and ask
for some random [ __ ] [ __ ] and you'd
be totally lost like five minutes later
oh man you're not wrong okay that did
happen they got destroyed eventually
though here's the thing about it I was
beta I would never like I was not an
alpha wolf yet I didn't feel confident
to ever pull that card so when they
would like Astra [ __ ] you know the again
the the cooks would curse mountain
Spanish - I'm gonna go [ __ ] off and they
were like no you wait for Michael to
come back and you ask him what you need
they literally mandated that I got the
authority to I was their voice you yell
at me about what the [ __ ] you need and
we'll go from there
so I I got some power I got some trust I
felt really really good like we actually
me being there was a very vital thing
they made me feel very value to the
whole thing to the point where everyone
was watching me run food so often like
I'm literally running back for from that
kitchen like all night long sweating my
ass off that I had regulars who were at
the restaurant asked me man you man you
were really fast and really good man
when are you gonna be a waiter I was
like oh well I'm 17 right now I guess I
could I couldn't be a waiter until I was
18 to serve alcohol and they were like
sounds like I cool I guess like my new
goal now is to when I'm 18 be a waiter
because like you know I was I was making
good money compared to the minimum wage
slave Slavens and whatnot but then I saw
what the wizard making I might make was
it was a climbing over $100 a night you
want to talk about the thought audit or
whatever people think about streamers
not paying taxes man when you were a tip
waiter your goal you had to claim the
bare minimum so that your job didn't pay
you a wage because servers get I think
even back then it was 213 an hour is
their minimum wage it's still 230 yeah
213 an hour
you had to claim up to where the minimum
wage would be because if you claim too
low your company has to actually pay you
and you were [ __ ] fired instantly
depending the way you work if they have
to actually compensate your paycheck but
all you have to do is claim enough to
hit that minimum wage and sometimes you
can do it just on your credit card
charge tips cuz a lot of us reporter
automatically but past that that money
was [ __ ] tax free boys nobody [ __ ]
note servers claim that [ __ ] and there
was even like a lot of [ __ ] tax
advisor service really oh you only have
to claim 20
percent of your tips are you legally you
only have to clear like that some
[ __ ] but nobody [ __ ] claimed that
money that was some funny [ __ ] oh you
ain't lying there man dude my chicks
were always void always had excess
income from credit card tips that was
way more than what the minimum wage was
mandated 4 to 13 checks Rockaways voided
out entirely and you're right yeah I
yeah I got away with murder by
comparison never sure it was crazy man
well um so I did that uh and then okay
I'm still getting here to the point
where I get fired here so uh after one
year of Goku training as a expediter I
was able to become a waiter at age 18
big step up here I kicked ass at it
because I essentially had a I probably
have been a terrible waiter honestly but
because I had the whole one year of
being seventeen being an expediter
dealing learning from all the idiots you
got think here for one year I watch
every dumbass waiter make every mistake
forget to ring in something forget the
ring in their entire tables order and be
like 30 minutes in the weeds P night
smack can you imagine taking a whole
like a party of eight a whole family of
eight right you take their entire order
you get you know you get two more tables
another table and you got their drinks
anything else and at some point in the
scramble of getting your whole section
full you forgot to ring in a party of
eight eight order but I'm innocent my
favorite thing when orders like that
happen is when you have to [ __ ]
Frankenstein together [ __ ] from
pre-existing orders when you literally
when someone forgets or [ __ ] in the
episodes and waiting for 30 minutes like
okay hold on take it to 14 we've got a
steak from that I want you to take that
I want you're like Voltron together like
a [ __ ] order to try to get these
people their [ __ ] food everybody's
like scrambling to like replace [ __ ] on
the other [ __ ] plates you're doing
all this while orders are constantly
being rung in and like taking out of
[ __ ] oh man that [ __ ] is crazy this time
the worst you're broke when I get to
when I get to the the my other waiting
job the one I did for eight years of
chile's that's the one where I get into
like some real triggering PTSD [ __ ] here
because that's not even like that's not
even that big of a deal it's this other
thing that I wanted to like murder
people in the kitchen form like how can
you be so much you have one task cook
the food when it hits your computer
screen y'all are so [ __ ] bad I I can
go back there and do better my [ __ ]
self dude you [ __ ] your
Ilyn me you are digging two daggers into
my kidneys and I'm [ __ ] bleeding out
right now you're killing me you know
that right me your arm with me about how
you're right at what cost
I still need the [ __ ] rib oh yeah you
know kid no Cook has ever won a debate
with a [ __ ] with a front of house staff
about needing some food if you're not
gonna debate your way out of cooking
something we should [ __ ] if we live
together like in the same state we
should got like apply to the same [ __ ]
fast-food restaurant and like secretly
record like working show sir that's
always like I don't know if you ever
think about this I this is like my
[ __ ] masturbation fantasies is the
idea cuz you know how you deal with the
worst [ __ ] customers is going back
and getting a [ __ ] job like this and
just waiting for the right customer like
the right one to [ __ ] make your day
and then just be like you know what I
actually don't need this [ __ ] job I'm
gonna give you a piece of my mind and it
just [ __ ] it would honor Roenick Lee
it would be like one of those ones like
your fellow employees would apply before
your manager walk out and fire you on
the [ __ ] spot oh my god would feel so
[ __ ] good holy [ __ ] dude yes yes okay
I have back-kitchen horror stories I
have customer from hell horror stories I
got I got all that I'm sure you do to
hear I'm almost done getting to the
point where I get fired Saint because so
for one year I do Goku training as
expediter and then I become a waiter at
age 18 I kick ass at it and then it's
all it's all good you know I became my
birthday's in February so I became a
waiter February 2007 and I'm you know
it's it's I'm doing great you know I'm
literally by the way I'm doing so good
I'm clearing like a grand a week by the
way the even idea of how how much ass
I'm kicking here it was [ __ ] sick
dude and then I get fired on Mother's
Day 2007 May 2007 unreliable family
business that was slightly racist so
what happened well Tampico just normally
closed on Sundays it's like on the sign
literally so the were like hardcore
closed on Sundays but the manager Maria
was a who's like 45 or whatever was like
Michael
I need you we're gonna be open for
Mother's Day I need you here can you
please be here
just ask me this on Friday night when
we're checking out hey listen
a day and a half short notice here no
big deal we've been we've never opened
on Sundays here but I need you to be
here on Sunday can you do that
and it's like whoa whoa [ __ ] I got it I
got it I grabbed graduation party cuz
I'm I'm Gretchen from high school I kind
of need to
I got like family coming over and [ __ ]
everything did you really should topics
like you know at least a week in advance
I would say and it's kind of like unfair
to like I mean I can see but I doubt I
can you know what I mean and so you know
I and then I call I call the restaurants
that Sunday morning 8:00 a.m. she's not
even there by the way only only the
dishwasher was there and I'm like yeah
tell Maria I can't be there because I
got my family's already here now for my
graduation party for high school and you
know I come in that Monday I'm like yeah
look I couldn't be or something sighs
shits do because he gave me a [ __ ]
date half notice some [ __ ] um are we
cool and she was like no we're not cool
you're fired
I'm like wait I'm one of your top people
you really gonna fire me
you really gonna fire you really gonna
fire me over but not even a warning I'm
right everything like I've never been
written up you don't want to fire me
over that really all right is your ego
that fragile but you think because I
called you out on how you like did it
fraudulent scheduling tactics here that
uh like are you just mad because
Michelle couldn't come in on on Sundays
out remember like are you mad because
she has a kid like because she has a kid
she couldn't come in but because I I'm
just like a young unaccountable high
school student I couldn't come in like
this is a truckin [ __ ] do like I was
so [ __ ] mad and then and then I
caught on that later on that they
actually like they were slowly like
filling in more and more of the family
and to be waiters because I guess they
wanted more of like an authentic Mexican
lineup of a wait staff to reflect the
Mexican restaurant or something like
that
I don't know to me he was like really
really whack I was like alright cuz I
already knew that um see there was Maria
than it was possible boss Paul was the
owner of that particular restaurant and
I don't think he realized that the that
there was any like black people waiting
he's very old-school I think it's
actually Matt was even like I don't
think even wanted males being waiters at
all I think you know I think the only
one of waitresses so he was really mad
that I was a that Ivan became a waiter
and I think is even more mad that he had
a black person as a waiter at all really
someone in the chat said triack should
have went to corporate man listen I
why people do this people jerk off
working for family owned small
businesses [ __ ] dad noise dude these
little [ __ ] sometimes they I guess
they can be the best places to work but
they could also be the worst place work
you don't have [ __ ] corporate all
right OSHA doesn't give a [ __ ] about
your ass right this [ __ ] is like yeah
there is no one to run to when your
problem yeah there was there was no
corporate yeah no solely in what you
said about like only hiring waitresses
this is really [ __ ] funny there is
this pizza place that I go to eat with
Nathan like down in our little Plaza
near my house all the time I swear to
[ __ ] god the way these guys hire it
is always they always and they've gone
through like 15 employees it's always
like a really attractive girl with I
knew it
fat [ __ ] ass every time and they
always were the same like very tight
pants and I notice that like every time
I was like oh cool a new employee what's
up and then they'll turn around to ring
me in a bike oh okay I got it quick
every [ __ ] time it is the like every
single their model employee is so
[ __ ] funny but um yeah okay so I keep
going so fired because you they said you
know call no showed on a Sunday I guess
yeah yeah I I guess yeah and then that
led to me and I was sad man I was very
depressed throughout summer 2007 because
I was broke as [ __ ] trying to find an
equivalent job there was a here's the
funniest thing here probably the biggest
decision that influenced the entirety of
my whole career here right I was so down
in the dumps that I was like alright you
know what I gotta apply to Walmart man I
don't know what else to do um it's been
you know a month and a half I'm bleeding
right now I need to figure out what's
next man and I so my mom knows the
manager um you know her her and the
manager of the Walmart I'm I live near
her high school friends so I was like he
was like ready to Auto Jaime all had to
do was go online and do the application
so I go do the application and it was a
one that was like [ __ ] 200 question
questions surveys about you know your
personality assessment I was like oh my
god dude really for [ __ ] Walmart dude
[ __ ] this or like I said I'll do this
later on and I end up playing like I
don't know like rock band all day or
some [ __ ] like that my friend I hate
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] interview things
for [ __ ] ass [ __ ] jobs I remember
when I started to get my when I was
doing my carpet cleaning job that guy
was like why is it that you want to work
here it's like [ __ ] I need money
why the [ __ ] do you think I'm here the
[ __ ] is wrong with you why you
it's humiliating enough that I'm filling
out this goddamn application now you're
giving me the [ __ ] the the the the
interrogation or why I need the [ __ ]
job why the [ __ ] do you think I'm here I
got bills to pay [ __ ] that's it
don't flatter yourself Jesus Christ yeah
man so I get a 200 question survey I
blow it off that day and I guy I'm like
really like do I do I really have to
work at Walmart dude I'm trying further
the font of the [ __ ] out here eventually
another another nine days passes by and
I'm like okay [ __ ] do that survey
dude so I forgot about it I finished the
survey I applied in I slam dunk it you
know whatever I'm not a not a serial
killer according to the survey so I'm
able to work at Walmart and my mom calls
back Terry for my application he's like
yeah tell Michael unfortunately um I
really wanted him I actually meet over
night stalkers we've been I would have
definitely had him on here immediately
but um his survey got flagged in the
system because he didn't finish the
survey within 48 out
I can't override unfortunately so do the
me like being all but heard about the
survey I literally couldn't get part at
Walmart and I promise you if I had been
I probably would have like lowered my
expectations and remained as a Walmart
overnight stalker
for who knows how long you know I would
have liked I would have liked minimized
my expenses to match the the starvation
wage doesn't get paid working there so
thankfully that didn't happen kind of
kind of fun here though yeah I couldn't
get hired at Walmart I make a lot got
the coin now what happened though is
August 7th 2007 I apply at AIA actually
I applied at Chili's to be a waiter
because you know I figured by that point
all the kids are back in school and I
can actually get a job there now because
all those all the summer flings we're
gonna go back to school and I went to
gamestop to preorder Smash Brothers
Brawl and Mario Galaxy and when I went
there to do two reserves the the the
manager there knew me from way back and
what's really cool is I yelled man
you know what bro do you want to work
here but he asked me I didn't even ask I
didn't ask to apply there I was like
dude let's [ __ ] go bro so I got hired
at both Chili's and Game Stop same day
August 2007 ended up working both jobs
for the next four years straight and
that leads to the next chapter of like
where we get into the real waiter slash
restaurant PTSD hell that is [ __ ]
Chili's Bar and Grill Charlie but
lesser-known cousin of Applebee's yeah
yeah well actually the fun factor though
the Chili's employees call Applebee's
the poverty Chili's like they call it
crapple B's oh yeah they're actually
worse there they're managed I can tell
you for a fact they're actually managed
worse than Chili's is okay believe it or
not ooh but um well you want me to
continue going or you want to because it
all leads to like because this is where
I get so the big thing about how I get
into the streaming thing but to that
point at least yeah okay okay so so um
so happens as I work out I get hired at
Gamestop and Chili's I'm working at
Gamestop Monday through Wednesday and I
work at Chili's Thursday through Sundays
I do this like full-time double job
schedule where I'm only off occasionally
every other
Wednesday from Gamestop for the next
four years straight like I'm like after
the 2007 summer drought of being
financially unstable or in stable I was
very I was humbled I was like no this is
a very [ __ ] schedule but I enjoy
um not being broke any more yo I have no
free time anymore but that's cool though
I can I can live with that I'd much
rather bath and the stress of like
having to figure out how I'm gonna pay
bills [ __ ] next next next month or
whatever were you working part time in
both these places yeah yeah well the
thing about you know being a waiter is
that it's not really about like you know
when you say a part-time like a you know
part times like what under under 30
hours a week is that correct it depends
on the place I did find it differently
but yeah I was working like 32 to 33
hours a week at Chili's I worked when
the ships were good like I wouldn't like
I'm working you know Thursday all day
Friday Saturday double Sunday morning
yeah I'm working the bread and butter
cuz money through like I mean Monday is
good too cuz Monday Night Football but
like I don't know like I'd rather games
that was more fun with me at that point
so I'd rather like peace out the worst
thing about doing part-time work was
that um sometimes you just like working
an eight-hour day felt like you went in
you worked in eight hour a day and you
got you know you're decent paycheck the
thing that sucked was working if you had
like a four hour shift nothing sucks
harder than like a four hour shift where
you're coming in and you've got to work
like 5:00 to 9:00 are like 4:00 to 8:00
because it [ __ ] your entire day up
like it does is you would like if you
want to get it done 10:00 or 11:00 like
you don't want to [ __ ] go out and
then have to go home and get dressed for
work to go in it like three or four and
then by the time you're out it's like
9:00 or 10:00 it's like [ __ ] like
working those part-time shifts like even
if it's only like four hours of work it
feels like it [ __ ] ruins your whole
day I hated those types of [ __ ] chefs
yeah yeah you know what it reminds me of
those nighttime shifts like that that
completely disrupt your day flow or the
equivalent of night school if you've
ever had the misfortune of saying hey
I'm smart I'm gonna I'm gonna apply for
Tuesday Thursday only classes and I'm
gonna get that uh that 6:00 to 9:30 p.m.
class only twice a week that's smart
it's better than Monday Wednesday Friday
nah dude backfires big time night school
is the worst dude it drags so bad dude
it is like it feels like you're in the
hyperbolic time chamber dude those 3.5
hours drag man
and [ __ ] that dude so he had night shift
say the same thing I totally understand
that yeah I can't imagine people bring a
lot of energy to those classes - so yeah
cuz also like what teacher what college
professor wants to work you know night
classes you know I unless you have like
some kind of like sleeping disorder
whatever like so usually the teachers
are gonna get or mediocre in my
experience and the the the class is the
class is low energy there's never gonna
be like an enthusiastic I want to be
here everyone hates it I feel like
everyone who's stuck there is literally
people who procrastinate 'add getting
their schedule done promptly and there
and the only option left was the Tuesday
Thursday night classes super garbage I
would highly recommend don't don't do it
here
crazy crazy well so yeah I was working
at Gamestop I'm gonna through Wednesday
over to Chili's on the weekends I'd do
this for four years it was a complete
[ __ ] show on the there was this unique
dynamic though because at Chili's again
like I said before all the problems are
invested into you the waiter and
everything's super time sensitive so
I've had [ __ ] like you know we're out of
it you know
m'angil unreliable we um we were running
out of the Deuter truck orders poorly so
we're running out of a one steak sauce
running out of toilet paper we're
running out of receipts there was legit
one time where we were completely out of
her seat paper and so I had to like I
can only take cash only because I
couldn't run credit cards because a
credit card will give me a print a
printer out of paper error so those
points were like I did like hey you look
I'm sorry y'all if you don't have cash
did you ever play the game where where
you were working at a Chili's and you
had to call another Chili's in the area
to get product oh that was all time dude
that was all the time and your [ __ ]
manager a superstar some trusted
employee would have to [ __ ] drive his
ass over to like another neighboring
store talk to their supervisor and then
sign out like a bunch of they're like
either paper cups or like meat or some
[ __ ] and then drive it back to the
[ __ ] main story you're like here's a
problem that though what the problem is
like you're there's there's no win for
you the waiter right because again
you've you've encouraged so much taxes
on your on your on your tips mm-hmm that
if you [ __ ] in as hourly it's gonna be
eaten up as a zero wage anyway so I
don't get paid for that and like if
you're the one who bites the bullet to
go get the product that's needed here
you're not making any money while you
doing all that [ __ ] right
like you have to you have to get like
compensated somehow and it's like
usually um I never went for because I'm
like a private make money right now then
[ __ ] go to help your incompetent ass
because you [ __ ] couldn't order
mashed potatoes and thyme or whatever
but usually I'd have to offer like one
of the waiters like um a free meal that
day or some [ __ ] and boy would they melt
that [ __ ] too it's like yeah I want to
own a half rat brown sugar rub with like
a [ __ ] with a with a rib eye with I
want the loaded potatoes with Texas
cheese fries when actually everything on
it that it like ringing some like $30
ordering get for free for sure but it
would but I got costs a restaurant like
nothing to so in the end you're still
getting [ __ ] it just doesn't feel
thank you yeah yeah the gullible ones
would go do it III knew better I was
like I'm robbing money right now so
because even I McDonald's they give you
they they should give you a free meal
for lunch right you guys signed out at
least one free meal or at least they
don't I was there that's it the free
meal is all you got for going to get
proper to the store oh no no no for
lunch for lunch like if you clock up for
me oh sure they would give you a meal
know that you get half off is what what
I recall at Chili's or McDonald's you
know I mean well both yeah both you
would get you can get a half off me on
today I felt like it McDonald's I
thought I wonder if it was free maybe it
wasn't I don't know I don't remember
being free remember being half off I
remember getting like a uh I can
remember like ordering a Big Mac and it
being like 250 for the whole meal um so
I wonder if it changed because you were
working at um when you were your
paycheck signed by McDonald's when you
worked at McDonald's I remember dude
we're bringing up like 2006 now I was
only four months I was not there for how
are you simple I was only there for a
year but um when you work at stores
inside of other buildings I think those
stores are technically owned by those
Wellings I could be wrong so my career I
mean I think if you work at a Starbucks
inside of a target I think to market is
the one that sends you your paychecks
it's actually like owned like you get um
yeah so it may be so like an inside
policy like that might be different than
like a corporate McDonald's or franchise
McDonald's do something yeah hmm
interesting
well um so yeah for four years I'm
working out there and it was crazy
dynamic because like when all of the
Flexi know I'm I'm at Chili's when all
the problems happened to roll my they're
all my fault they're all my investment
to solve and figure out however by
comparison working at Gamestop working
at a retail outlet
the problems were like I can deliver the
bad news
easy-peasy is almost therapeutic here
because when your rib eye is cook bad or
your rib eyes like overcook us you
wanted a medium and it came out like you
know medium well it's like oh here let
me let me [ __ ] blow you and hope hope
the [ __ ] you still tip me or whatever I
even though wasn't even though like I my
best here but our cooks are
comparatively a Gamestop it's like again
like I said before so let me guess why
so you're gonna walk in here
on Christmas Eve and you want not only
do you want a 360 you wanna you want me
to get you a used cheaper 360 you're
pathetic dude I've been sold out 360s
brand news in flight December 10th
you're coming in here two weeks later
cuz you're a bad parent
you're way to the last [ __ ] day
you're stingy you're arrogant you're
dumb and I'll tell them all that but
looks like I just laughing with a mic
let me go in the back shame for having
to use three sixes for you I don't have
anything bro and they know they they
they settle for like I use ps2 or some
[ __ ] in 2006 it was pretty funny but
yeah the the the dynamic did I can't
imagine the narrative like just thinking
in my head some [ __ ] parent comes in
trying to get a new or used xbox 360 and
walks out with a ps2 you know some kids
Christmas is getting [ __ ] hey you know
guys it's gonna be [ __ ] crying in two
days holy [ __ ] the Hall of Fame involved
in us right Christmas Eve Hall of Fame
story for you here as far as like bad
parenting goes like I can think of two
off top here when it comes to gamestop
which by the way I can I would go for
him further on talking about Game Stop
but I feel like mean you have more of
the restaurant thing to rant on so I'm
coming keeping that's a minimal here but
here are two things a parent walks in
and gives me the the child's handwritten
note to Santa Santa I want call of duty
modern warfare 2 right and I'm like
alright great what's a lot so I might
cool I grab the list am i right your son
wants this slam dunk it cool I'll grab a
grab a braided copy of mine warfare to
you know it's $15.99 $59.99 plus tax
with taxes like 65 oh eight or whatever
am i right cool so good to me six five
dollars any sense he's like for what
and I might prefer the game game cos
it's about are you crazy
I'm like no sir its $59.99 plus tax
you know it's what the game costed
sprained it came out like a week ago or
whatever what OH
hey that guy over here so he walks over
to the least extra in the mine this is
this is like you know so in 2006 the we
was like you know not quite at peak
shovelware yet but he walks over to the
we section and grabs this game called
chicken blaster which is one of those
like gimmicky games it's like meant for
the parents to think is actually like
intuitive but it's really not where it
comes the giant like peripheral gun did
you put the Wiimote into and you like
shoot chickens or whatever and some kind
of [ __ ] so he grabs that which was
like normally it was 30 bucks but it was
like on clearance was $15 he goes over
and grabs that for the Limon you the kid
wanted Modern Warfare 2 for fur 360 oh
yeah this is well better than modern
warfare 2 given that game idea and so
yeah I'm like dude you're such a bad
parent your child literally wrote down
what he want and you lost your [ __ ] over
$60 for a game okay yeah right yeah I
just like this this kid's Christmas is
gonna [ __ ] ruined dude I felt
terrible and I'm like I the problem too
is like I've I have been in situations
so frequently now where it's like I hear
you Chat Chat would tell me right now
well why didn't you tell the guy that
the game he wanted was for a different
console and I'm like no look whatever
they're when they get sticker shock bro
you let them the Titanic has already
been hit by the iceberg you let that
[ __ ] sink okay you don't you
don't tell him about that cuz this is
gonna be a slow burn the more bad news
you must deliver to someone who isn't
expecting bad news the more troublesome
is gonna be that entire exchange trust
me they don't know [ __ ] let it happen
bro like anything like I don't get paid
enough of gamestop to give a [ __ ] about
the sky being a bad parent so I just say
[ __ ] it let him move on whatever dude he
was too far gone too far gone TFG for
sure the other story here is that on
Christmas Eve I think 2008 this has been
a while right um guy walks in he wants a
brand new I think he wants like the UH
this like the year when the Xbox 360
slims came out the ones that were um you
know the ones I had like the the gloss
finish on them the the the no no longer
the Xbox or 60 arcades these were the
ones I had like built-in hard drives now
finally they didn't use like the this
little slap on a hard-driving expansion
bay thing he wanted one of those Mon you
had been told how those sons like
November so this was like a zero
hopeless guy and he is like you know
what you got bro Mike man
the only console I have left right now I
have a used GameCube I'm having I don't
have any memory cards it's kind of
scuffed up and it has an aftermarket
controller bundled with it because some
idiot so there's a trade and as that
those some of those aftermarket
controllers were so [ __ ] [ __ ] oh my
god
and I was like I mean I got that I mean
you know I don't have any of the like
and I'm normally better I can I can sell
you a Gamecube and maybe I can get you
like Mario Sunshine or a Shadow the
Hedgehog or like song Adventure 2 battle
or some [ __ ] do I had nothing I'm like
bro here's a Gamecube here's like Matt
in 2002 I have the memory cards bro if
you want that you can do that and this
guy I felt so bad from did he [ __ ]
just or I felt kind of bad this is a bad
parent to wait til it's Christmas Eve
but he walks out with a [ __ ] GameCube
mad 2002 in 2008 this is what I get for
Christmas dude one controller scuf
controller scuffed old [ __ ] Tony Hawk
900 rim job scratches [ __ ] GameCube with
a [ __ ] man 2002 bro like it would do
it was Christmas was ruined by was a
terrible [ __ ] I felt I felt bad for
the children man that was terrible they
can't even it's one thing if you can
play scuffed Madden with your brother
but you're playing scuff Madden alone
one at a time so so yeah that was um see
I worked at Gamestop in Chile's for four
years until I got a til a new manager
came who was another typical corporation
um you know corporation drone who
thought for all the [ __ ] you know it was
like every the reason why you're not
hiring the company is because you're not
doing well enough um your goals and all
that you get your metrics better and you
know these these nuke these new hire
external managers fall for all the [ __ ]
and they're like yeah it's my fault I
gotta work harder I gotta do better
never wasn't it never got my [ __ ]
climb because it's all lies and [ __ ]
anyway as far as the corporate structure
game stuff goes so this dude that comes
in his name is James is from Hawaii they
comes in and he like do these super
cringe I kid you not every every horse
or you hear about Game Stop this guy was
verbatim that you walked in and you want
to just pick up the new I don't know you
want to pick up God of War three right
is that what hound you about do you want
to preorder Madden okay what do you want
to pre-order just dance what did you up
are you in - um are you in - let me see
her - are you in - Japanese role-playing
games I didn't know what they were
actually called um do you do you want to
pre-order Star Ocean
do you like last room in it and it's
like dude let your hat you just pitched
five pre-orders to one guy once one game
do you you got up you gotta ease up dude
like I'm coaching this guy on how social
skills work I might dude you're being
the haggling greasy-haired salesman
right now you gotta you gotta be a
little more natural the whole thing dude
you're you're make people not want to
come back here honestly I can tell that
guy's not come back here ever again dude
you are terrible I what the [ __ ] you do
I wanted to tell him that I was at this
time I was still beta I was not yet an
alpha wolf yet so I couldn't I didn't
tell me what staples job but I want to
quit really really bad well then it's
you that's like really insulting offers
like you know what Michael I like you a
lot man you're a hard worker you're very
charismatic I think you have great great
passion here how would you feel about
being my SGA my um always SJ and my um
my senior game advisor by the way pause
here so for anyone who's not familiar
with Gamestop employee structure goes um
all that all the people who the minimum
wage slaves are just like you don't sit
there and check out people and organize
the game rack they're not they're not
called whatever the lowest position
they're called game advisors your a-game
advisor your job is to walk on the floor
get a read on my mom or the child the
parent but hey I'll help them pick out
games and also at the same time let them
know you because again according to
according to corporate demanded surveys
here forty percent of customers don't
know you can you can buy and sell use
games at Gamestop even though it's like
in our thing if [ __ ] everywhere so
you have to like you know hey did you
know you could save money by trading in
your use games you gotta like do the
whole [ __ ] thing right there right so
everyone's a game advisor so you have
the store manager assistant manager and
then you have the SGA which is the
senior game advisor he offered me the
privilege of being senior game advisory
manya he didn't know already worked that
Chili's like you know full-time
everywhere else and making money this is
all like [ __ ] money to me like I this
was like gas money fifty bucks every two
weeks for me honestly and he uh he was
like yeah do you do you want to be a
senior game advisor
uh your pay will go from
fifteen an hour to 785 man how you feel
about that and there's a 15 cent raise
every uh every ten weeks I was like he
really had me with the fifteen cent
raise every ten weeks and I was like
yeah or something like that I got every
every quarter whatever lever made was a
quarter is twelve weeks um I was just
like dude I I add laugh at Mike Brody
like this job sucks you suck no I would
never want that bro and because I
decline man I guess he felt a little bit
insulted about it and he like he laid me
off the next the following quarter cuz
he wanted somebody else instead which is
funny because whenever I got laid off on
this happened in January 2008 when t11
right I got laid off at that point and
and then I got into streaming by
complete coincidence here like two
months later and started broadcasting on
on on on Ustream TV like our torch or
justin.tv something before twitch was
even out yet now is justin.tv Ustream
there was a website called live stream
like yeah there are a lot of weird yeah
yeah I was a I was on that the entire
time I the way I've been speedrunning
since 2004 so I was active on you know
speed running and doing competitive
gaming of some sort up until that point
I don't mean to be there that's more
about the restaurant stuff and then yeah
I was a full-time university student by
fall 2011 onward rabbit and doing just
you know a semester here and there of
community college I actually became a
full full time university student so
streaming was a very minimal thing for
me because I'd have a lot of free time I
would stream like maybe every Sunday and
Tuesday if I had no homework and I
always had homework due so it was kind
of like I was blowing off homework
that's true in the first place so I
couldn't really grow my channel worth a
[ __ ] because I had all this monumental
amount of homework to do it's a
full-time student and I I was doing all
this still my pants off by the way I
didn't move out of my parents house
until I was a 22 actually it sounds kind
of I don't that sounds like like you
know like a lame or whatever but like
genuinely I was I was poor I was broke
and it was a big goal to cuz I lived out
in the country you know it was like
moving 40 minutes away towards the city
was a big leap and I want to make sure
that when I made that big leap I was a I
was good for it
so when you say like lived in the
country are we talking like population
like town population like 200 or
population like 30,000 or without like
how big or was a scale here I don't know
how it do it was a very rural small town
I'm trying to think here of how to I
don't know it's population I was
actually me anyway I can actually get
you the answer quick what is the 30,000
is what it is what it is okay yeah yeah
really really small or well not really
really small but like it was pretty I
lived outside that small today by the
way so I live out in the rural parts of
an already like rural city or town so I
uh yeah moving moving to city was gonna
be a big leap and one make sure that all
my ducks in a row and honestly I don't
know just like it's on of the economy
one now yeah I think the oh wait
recession happened and I had already
been on him I had the whole unemployment
scare in 2007 so I was like really like
wanting all my ducks in a row to make
everything work out and want to rush out
there I I knew the minute I move that
was gonna be paying like you know at
minimum four dollars a month in rent
there's gonna be like you know more
bills out the wazoo something make sure
had all my had like you know hella Bank
saved up so I can like do this correctly
well anyways I I moved out of my parents
house in December 2011 I am so I did you
know fall 2011 semester I did from my
mom's house driving 40 minutes to and
from everyday to school it [ __ ]
sucked I hated it I don't know how I
even got sick that day because there was
many days where you combined being a
university freshman with that garbage
freshman priority schedule where I like
I had classes that were like legit
three-hour gaps all day said to drive 40
minutes out to university be in class
all day from 8 a.m. to like 5 p.m. then
drive with 5 p.m. traffic back home to
my house not really and you know I could
start homework by like 8:30 and have to
be up again at that at 5:30 it was like
dude it [ __ ] suck did I hate it also
working by the way to add the work as
well that [ __ ] it was like super [ __ ]
aids well um then I move out in December
that year and now I'm living in the city
now I'm living closer to it to the
University and it's getting a little bit
better but the problem is by the end of
the spring semester 2012 I'm broke as
[ __ ] dude um specials going up again and
went from 2800 a semester to thirty
thirty-five hundred per semester and I
was like oh god dude [ __ ] y'all kill me
dude
because now now is good the point where
the federal he's along are helping
expenses and student debt skiing
crippling and at this point here student
loans are looking tempting um but I knew
better I knew that I knew him like like
y'all I don't think I can because they
were like yeah you qualify right away
for like a twenty eight thousand dollar
loan if you want it no I was like dude
that's a lot of money I got paid extra
practice I so I had a lot of friends who
like with a lot of a lot of friends at
university who would get that get those
loans and they weren't stressed about it
they were just like yeah I got a loan
bro they pay married they man it's cool
I'm like froakie's : hadn't been working
yet yeah yeah yeah these are legit like
you know eighteen years had never worked
before I'm just like do you not
understand how much money twenty
thousand dollars is and mind you they
will get that loan and they were just
like bog control they're buying you know
[ __ ] ps3s and 40 inch TVs and laptops
and all the other [ __ ] nums like are you
are using your your student loan money
for personal expenses dude you're you
are y'all are crazy dude they they were
not woke to what was gonna happen
whenever they saw their first Sallie Mae
350 per month due until 2035 or whatever
you know I mean like they didn't know
what they were getting into I was like I
I knew better so I said [ __ ] that dude
[ __ ] that so I am student loans did look
tempting but I I didn't do it I instead
sides like pause University to recoup
finances and same time I had I really
wanna try out streaming further cuz I
felt like I had what it took to stream
competently but the problem was with
university I was stuck there all day
long like I could never
legitimately stream for a long period of
time and so I did that I I paused
University I didn't go in fall 2012 and
I actually pursued just only managing
two things here you know before I had
the GameStop Monday through Wednesday
choosing the weekends but now if
gamestop gone I had Chili's on the
weekends and I had that Monday through
Wednesday to do what I wanted to do
actually had free time now for the first
time since like 2007 so I decided to I
fill that void with streaming as often
as I could
Monday through Wednesday I managed to
climb to a 300 viewer average bought it
by the second half of 2012 by being able
stream more often and believe it or not
this is whizzes wind trihard the global
emo came to play I was one of the
dominant speedrunners in the community
and the the twitch staff liked my face
and I
Kame try became a global emote because i
was i was a big trihard i tried really
hard everything i did you didn't ask my
viewers about that they [ __ ] know and
and try hard the global emote happened
in November 2012 around that time
actually and to give you idea for
context here there was only 20 global
emotes on twitch at time there is now
over 210 global emote most of them are
trash but uh trihard was like I was one
of the first 20 in there I wish I had a
screen cap of what they were back then
because it's like it was so small it's
actually kind of crazy and then I got a
I grinded I applied for partnership the
month after in December I got declined
because I didn't have a I didn't yet
have a 500 viewer average back then
partnership standards were really really
high and like if you got if you had a
sub button bro you made it you were like
it you were legit in the top 1% of you
got sub button back then so I got the
Klein back then and then I I was like
you know what no this is this is
motivation so I grinded I grinded hard
and I pushed further and I reapplied for
partner sub button in May 2013 and I got
it and I've been and I've had partner
since then and have you know I got some
68 month or whatever sixty four to five
month uh day one subs and still added to
this day which is pretty cool and then
in an hour of passes part streaming I
work at the part where I go full-time
this is very very quick here I'm still
for a very long time I never thought I
would ever be a full-time streamer I
never I excited I never thought I had
what it took to do that I didn't have a
lot of faith myself and so I have like
this I throw out like a nonchalant goal
of like if I if I cross 600 subs right I
can lower my expenses that shit's on
here but if I cross 600 subs I could I
could consider going full-time well I
crossed that point by I crossed that
point by March 2015
I met to go to go full-time but I was a
scared beta [ __ ] look I don't want I
didn't do it I was scared to quit
Chili's I by a point I've been a waiter
for like you know going on seven years
now kind of depressing in its own right
here but I was a it was a big change it
was it was scary man I didn't want it
you know i at this point i was a senior
waiter
I had the shifts I wanted I had all the
power I needed although all the cooks
knew me I got what I wanted when I
it I had still in Chili's right correct
as Chili's I had all that everything
worked out that's the way I needed as
far as that that that job went you know
I got what I want for my shifts I was
able to coexist with twitch streaming
but it was all it was a scary lead to
just ditch all that and go for this
complete unknown of you know trihex
being a full-time streamer and I uh and
I was scared to do that until I finally
quit Chili's July 4 2015 is when I find
made that goal I find that if I have the
balls to tell the manager I quit no I'm
not going on partial leave no Mogollon
on vacation no I'm not gonna work one
day a week with you to keep on a
schedule no I quit remove my employee
number I'm done and then once I was full
time then the Mario maker viral thing
happened where I I blew with Mario maker
as a Content game in September 2015 and
it was part of my 75,000 follower
special and I quickly balloon from being
like a 700 average viewer streamer to
getting 4k minimum per day for the next
like [ __ ] year and a half oh now okay
the 4k average streamer for like the
next like the rest was just 15 but like
I was way up there in the numbers for
quite a while and and then here we are
now and then that leads to the next part
what you would then tell me about your
past and how you got to where you are
now so I know nothing about you and then
we get into the how the podcast came to
be sure can uh my mouth is actually
super dry I'm not gonna do this I'm
gonna get a drink for like two seconds
okay I'll be right back sure sure take a
question from chat okay yeah sure
so um so boys here I've heard from
somebody all that you may find this um
the bromance origin story podcast
episode here kind of a boring topic but
this was really important to me I take
the blame here I wanted to do this topic
because I knew nothing about about Steve
about destiny here I feel like there's
like there's the fact that we're having
this DT podcast and there's like the
synergy in this bromance I thought the
fact that I don't know a lot about him
leads to us not being able to build upon
each other's interest further because
often times I hear the complaint that uh
me
tend to monologue a lot independently I
never have a dynamic synergy in
conversation so I so yeah I wanted to I
want to do this man I felt I would I
would be I would do better as a co-host
if I knew more about destiny the person
so I told my half here I'm really sad to
hear his half now where I get to die I
know he has like a youtube video about
it but uh again the idea here was rather
than me do the homework off line and
learn about destiny like why not just
[ __ ] do this [ __ ] on stream why not
have the the my live reaction you know
the first time you all learned about
destiny you know you get if you get to
relive that dostala' through through me
through my eyeballs instead so I'm
really excited to hear about you know
how you went from the manage the
restaurant manager to the cynical
[ __ ] he is now all right I'm back I
got a drink sorry hey what's up I guess
right I guess our backgrounds aren't too
different so obviously people piece
together a little bit a lot of my fans
already know kind of my origin story I
guess my creation of me I guess my first
job was I don't remember I'm really
fuzzy like a lot of time lines anywhere
from like I think 17 or 18 my first job
was working at McDonald's similar to
yours I was working there about a year
my parents had moved my mom moved when I
was like 15 16 my dad moved when I was
like 16 17 my mom moved to Florida to
take care of her mom who had Alzheimer's
she took my sister with her because my
sister was home-schooled then my dad
moved about a year later to join them
and a lot of people do this thing that I
that I'd noticed a lot of people do the
thing where they live apart from their
parents but their parents still pay for
like their car their car insurance or
cellphone and all that [ __ ] mmm virus
pretty much completely financially could
offer them by the time I was like 17 I
live with my grandma at kind of like
like a senior citizen apartment complex
[ __ ] weird [ __ ]
getting listening to all of those people
talk and all the gossip and drama and
all that [ __ ] was [ __ ] hilarious
being like 60 70 year olds they like
gossip just like high school is insane
but um but yeah so I had to get a job
pretty early on because I didn't have
any help financially from anybody for
anything ever and yeah I guess looking
back on it seems kind of crazy I don't
know I did it but yeah it's something I
did it
so started working McDonald's because my
girlfriend who would become my wife was
working there and she wasn't really good
with all those people I was able to get
a job there that job was quite the job I
think of all the jobs I've ever worked
in I think I looking back now I guess
it's not it's not like an important part
of a job but I respect the people that
worked in McDonald's because because I
think McDonald's I don't know they still
do it but they were very big on
promoting from within so if you had a
supervisor that worked in McDonald's he
was a supervisor because he was the best
to that [ __ ] job and could do any job
beneath him like instantly and I picked
up a lot of kind of traits from some of
those people were like if there was an
employee that was like slacking or some
[ __ ] the supervisor would show up and do
your job for you like 12 times faster
than you and make you look like [ __ ] in
front of everybody else like it was
never one of those things where some old
guy was like oh why aren't you moving
fast enough it was usually okay hey this
is too hard for you you can go back and
wash dishes for a minute I'll get us
through this lunch shift and you felt
like [ __ ] doing it because whatever
manager or supervisor would step up to
work in your place would [ __ ] destroy
your job like make you look horrible at
it which I always respected it was
really good they're actually getting rid
of a great point
so one thing about that so yeah this
whole idea of internal escalation with
hires is not I'm taking for granted I
was making a great point about that
because at McDonald's they would do that
at Chili's
they did not do that man I can't tell
you how many [ __ ] dumbass managers I
had who were external hires who didn't
understand the Chili's culture
whatsoever but again they would hire
them my gamestop did as well because
they were they were malleable they were
gullible and they would they would
believe the corporate mantra of like
yeah yeah it's always your fault you can
make the numbers happen you just gotta
believe in yourself when really the
entire system of metrics to measure and
track your performance
has always been stacked against you it's
meant to keep you working and doing more
for the same [ __ ] pay dude it's there
I'm sorry sounds super into capitals
right now that's fine yeah no it's
sexually Oh having a manager like come
up when you're like trying to take an
order and they and they're coming up to
show you something and it takes them
like 20 minutes to like do anything in
the [ __ ] register because you can saw
they've never looked at it before oh
yeah dude but yeah the most notorious
example of that those fact that we had a
we had a Popeyes Chicken and biscuits
we had a Popeyes area director become
the assistant manager
one of our Chili's and he didn't know
how to do anything dude like I've never
seen like this is the peak green thumb
of the entirety of ever seeing an upper
level management employee be so woeful
II incompetent it was it was comical
dude do you think you're right Popeyes
it's like what maybe an inventory of
like I don't know maybe 30 ingredients
right I don't know flour grease chicken
fries biscuits shrimp yeah GG right or
sure mashed potatoes gravy whatever like
Chili's is like a [ __ ] it's a 12 page
menu give you an idea there for context
all garden also runs terrible but all
garden has a three page menu twelve page
menu seventy-five individual items that
they sell with like a hundred and
[ __ ] fifty cat a hundred fifty
specific ingredient inventory to track
and measure with a [ __ ] complex six
person kitchen to run it's like oh my
god dude it's so [ __ ] complicated for
no [ __ ] reason see I I get him coming
from Popeyes to Chili's like that guy
got [ __ ] destroy dude the staff
walked all over and this guy was
completely incompetent I hated working a
shift man I never made any [ __ ] money
we always had walk outs it was super
garbage I hated it but anyways I'm sorry
go ahead and continue though I mean I'm
pretty sure we could stay here would be
raging about [ __ ] fast food for for
everything having to do with retail sir
was so horrible or customer service yeah
I mean I started working McDonald's for
about a year that job was I learned some
really good things I learned some really
bad things there were certain managers
that I I think I probably got influenced
by a couple of my managers here I
remember the one guy named Sean could
work every job like really [ __ ] well
he didn't put up with any [ __ ] from
employees because he was like the best
employee like if he if Sean was stepping
in to take your job it was because he
was gonna kick your ass at it which I
really respect that he fired people on
the spot for being [ __ ] employees that
it was hard [ __ ] core like that guy
had oh man that guy like got in some
accident I think he I think he was like
an army guy not like a [ __ ] super
soldier some [ __ ] like I think he came
from the army that guy got into an
accident or some [ __ ] like burned half
his [ __ ] face and came back to work
like three months later like still just
as hard as before it was insane
Wow I had another guy that I met who
definitely I learned a lot about the art
of not giving a [ __ ] this is a
I who was born with type 1 diabetes so
his life was pretty [ __ ] and he was
working at McDonald's and this was
before the days of the Affordable Care
Act he got his health insurance through
McDonald's so he could never [ __ ]
leave his job because he had type 1
diabetes he would never get accepted for
health insurance anywhere else he could
never leave that job and he knew he was
slaved there for life and they knew he
was slaved there for life this guy Mike
was the ultimate example of not giving a
[ __ ] I've never met anyone in my life
who put up with less [ __ ] than this guy
did to give an example we were we were
working a shift and the cops had to pull
someone over and they ended up coming to
our parking lot and Mike was so pissed
because they were blocking parts of our
drive-through and he thought it was
[ __ ] his lunch hour he's up and he
went outside and he told him they needed
a [ __ ] move while they had this dude
pulled over and you know they were like
dude like we're in the middle of some
[ __ ] [ __ ] off Mike came back into the
restaurant and he called 9-1-1 and he
said that there were people on his
property that were blocking his
drive-through without telling him that
they were [ __ ] cops and called other
cops there to get a fight down the
[ __ ] move I love this dude this guy
the ultimate guy and not giving a [ __ ] I
love this guy who's [ __ ] hilarious
but a hapless [ __ ] dude yeah pretty much
I had a for whatever reason I don't know
why I was like um growing up I was
always like a debater like I don't like
I'm gonna argue about everything bubble
bubble blah but I was just so insanely
[ __ ] chill and even so like if you've
ever met me in your life or people know
me more like you've traveled with me if
you've been to a restaurant super
[ __ ] chill the food is late it's okay
plane doesn't land in time it's fine we
can figure it out like just super chill
just for whatever reason I don't know
why and this carried over to my work
stuff too and you know dealing with [ __ ]
customers you know it's like it's
whatever dude I don't give a [ __ ] okay
okay I had a customer interaction where
I had some guy standing in line who was
screaming at me because he was a
breakfast sandwich wasn't coming faster
or some shitty disguise I'm going
[ __ ] ballistic is all customers to
some sixty-five-year-old giant white
beard [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] screaming
because his Egg McMuffin wasn't done in
time and you know I was like here you go
you're like have a good one dude and the
next person in line was actually a
supervisor at the casino restaurant and
she was like oh wow you know you hand
yourself really well like you should
throw in an application my name is
[ __ ] what was her name oh god I don't
remember she was my um she's my
supervisor rich would remember a [ __ ]
name Joanne that was their name Joanne
was like go ahead and put in an
application wherever and yeah you could
probably get a job at the casino working
like I think you could do really well
there I was like okay cool and um I I so
I went and I put that application and
shortly after that which is really good
because like I wasn't like I was okay
and McDonald's but I wasn't like part of
the in-crowd so I would get a lot of the
[ __ ] jobs a lot so like being put on
that back drive through in the [ __ ]
winter having dishes and [ __ ] winter
when that cold breeze is coming in and
you're [ __ ] sucking why don't you
what's so [ __ ] yeah and yeah so like
and that job was unbelievable that was
like I was going from five I think I was
up to 5:45 an hour or something at
McDonald's because I got like my 20 cent
raise because I was trying to apply to
be like a team lead or whatever yeah god
I remember those dumb ass tests did you
ever take it do you ever do any like
whatever they okay they offered a boil
or whatever is like it's like oh god
salt yeah he I don't know oh god yeah
but we saying there was a at a brief
moment where they they they proposed to
me the idea that yeah if you if you kick
ass if you learn every position like if
you just go from you know flattop the
same assembly it's a cashier to
everything else you could actually apply
you coulda told me know when you were 17
I could actually can get into a team
leader cuz I was I was showing that much
promise but I was I blast all the right
on the wall so I was like nah dude this
looks [ __ ] terrible [ __ ] this place
they offered it they kind of offered to
me a nonchalant way but I I really
didn't want to do it wasn't worth it to
me yeah I was I wanna always wanted to
like climb the ranks I guess I don't to
be like a line level employee so I'm
yeah I remember trying to take all the
little [ __ ] tests or whatever to try
and test into the team lead [ __ ] but
yeah once I got offered that job at the
casino $9 an hour [ __ ] that [ __ ] I was
[ __ ] out there yeah dude I started
working at the casino and typically like
if I'm if I'm interested in a thing this
is always just been kind of like a trade
of mine I go so if I'm interested in
like a thing that I'm doing I want to
learn everything I can about it so if
I've got a phone if I've got a car I
like to just Google shouldn't learn
everything and at the casino was more or
less the same you know like I worked in
the front of the house I was hired as a
server but I also like I wanted to learn
you know what are the
you in the back of the house and you
know what do people out in the floor do
and you know over the course of the next
probably year year-and-a-half I got
really good at doing pretty much
everything in the restaurant I could
cook I could do prep the morning I could
run over the bakery and grab [ __ ] I even
knew how to see mesh the system worked
out on the floor like how people issued
comps and whatnot I couldn't read any
myself of course but um but I became
pretty familiar with like every part of
the job and you know the manager Pam at
the time like me and like my work
initiative and I became one of the only
I think I might have been the only black
badge supervisor slash shift lead at
that at the casino at the time which
meant I was a I was like a supervisor
dude but I I you have black badges of
casino because you can't walk out under
the carpet cuz you're not 21 right right
yeah so it's kind of kooky it was kind
of weird because I had to be supervised
by an adult if I were to walk anywhere
because I wasn't old enough to do to be
on the floor because of the alcohol [ __ ]
right yeah I think it was a it was it
because of alcoholic gambling I remember
but anything but I wasn't allowed to
walk on with the carpet basically but um
yeah I worked at that job for a while
all the triggering sure that you said
about you know everything about
restaurant still applies I played um
there were a couple of key moments where
I started to realize well I and so I
very much believed that the world was
like a meritocracy if you do well you'll
succeed
I actually was naive and I believe this
even up through most my streaming career
but as long as you do really well you'll
always succeed and you know that route
you'll be rewarded and all that [ __ ]
and I think it like I was the I think I
was one of the best employees at that
place I could do front of house or back
of house at a speed that anybody like I
could work that register faster than
anybody I knew all the secret [ __ ]
tricks and the second menu and she had
to add stuff to that [ __ ] I could cook I
remember that when I became a supervisor
one of like there I was one of the best
people to run the window because no
[ __ ] cook would talk back to me
because they couldn't get away with any
[ __ ] [ __ ] and because I knew every
[ __ ] trick in that kitchen
so like French is like sometimes cooks
you know like I might ask her something
like hey like you know it would only be
one time I would have to do this with
like with like a with a set of employees
before they would [ __ ] off well you
might say something like hey listen on
this order that's coming through she
wants to hashbrowns extra crispy right I
remember one time that Rudy the guy
leading the line was like extra crispy
hash browns that's gonna be at least
thirty minutes and I was like okay never
mind don't worry about it I'll take care
of
okay and in you know you can go back to
the kitchen here's here's a [ __ ] meme
trick of your cooking hashbrowns a lot
of times you've got weights that you put
on like burgers and [ __ ] on the grill if
you want to confess you're gonna roll
down yep yeah you take a normal order of
hash browns you cut that [ __ ] in half
and then you weight both sides of it on
the [ __ ] flattop you can get those
[ __ ] extra crispy in five [ __ ]
minutes right but I would only have to
do [ __ ] like that like a couple times or
I would go back and cook something if I
felt like they were taking too long and
then they would never do it again
because they knew that if they talked
back to me when I asked for something if
it was possible I was gonna go back and
do it and I was like I was a real
[ __ ] small guy at the time I was like
a hundred and five pounds literally five
seven five eight so like it said like
nobody wanted me to go back there to
show because everybody would make fun of
like they cook they would talk back but
um yeah like yeah doing [ __ ] like that
was a lot of fun I felt like um people
got sickening pretty quickly but I was
like I felt like I was like it was fun
to be like the hardest guy because I
took all my [ __ ] from McDonald's and
whatnot you know customers that would
come up and ask for refunds on their
food and then they would be shocked when
I were to throw their [ __ ] food away
because I would never [ __ ] refund a
customer if a customer came up to me
with 3/4 of their plate left and they'd
ask for a refund and then they thought
they were gonna keep their food and eat
it afterwards [ __ ] that [ __ ] I was
throwing that [ __ ] away oh hell yeah guy
would come I be like hey like bla bla
bla this was really bad as like oh I'm
sorry yeah I'll refund you and I'll
refund the money and I would walk back
and you'd have to do it right when they
do it because you know they're walking
back to eat I would walk back very
quickly right with them take their plate
off the table [ __ ] trash it right in
front of him the [ __ ] bus card and I
had a more than one customer like oh
wait what are you doing that's like oh
I'm throwing it away because i refunded
you I can't let you eat the food oh [ __ ]
that felt so good so people so many
people are so [ __ ] mad at that [ __ ]
hell yeah dude hang on pause right there
okay listen yeah but here's what the
thing about right when it comes to
corporations like [ __ ] entities and
everything with chillies particularly
here if a customer complains you you
can't do that I can't pull that card
dude there are people who were just like
I they would complain into such an
unreasonable degree that I was not
getting tips I gotta tell people they
were in the first place you would have
to like you'd have to bend over and give
them a [ __ ] [ __ ] in 4d through a
time warp portal they go back I'm
getting rim job last week or whatever
dude because like you that you give her
the food you give him a new plate it's
already free you're not gonna tip me and
you walk out with no tip it's like dude
what the
and the problem is like if they
complained to corporate at all you
automatically lose you the lose you
manager lose everyone loses because they
complaining it's like worst part is
you're the your manager on the shift
we'll have the customers back throughout
that entire [ __ ] fight I'd always I
always dress up as an example is they
like at least if you're a [ __ ]
prostitute if a customer is [ __ ] with
you the pimp is gonna come over and beat
the [ __ ] out of the customer but when
you work in retail your manager will
come over and [ __ ] you with the customer
you have less respect then then like I
like a pimple give a [ __ ] prostitute
that [ __ ] was [ __ ] up dude yeah [ __ ]
that noise oh god it was it was it was
actually exhausting man it [ __ ] suck
dude
and there was another point here too
about where they to climb to keep your
shifts there was a point where the Corp
corporate demanded like that we have our
our survey hits be good and it's like
dude surveys are so antiquated no one
like people if you do a good job as a
waiter you're going to most likely tip
the waiter at that point like asking
them to do the survey in addition to the
obvious monetary appreciation of the tip
is like it's too much no one's gonna
[ __ ] I have to like I have to beg
them it's like in my begging I feel like
is like backfiring on the tip I'm
getting they're gonna take me less
because I'm coming off as annoying and
asking for too many calls to actions at
one time one where one of the worst
parts being to that like survey [ __ ]
well the worst parts of supervisors job
is when you have to go back in the
office and go through the [ __ ]
Collins and the book to call people back
and find out what what was your
complaint what can we do - I walked out
with a cheesecake and when I got home
the top of it was all messed up cuz it
was packaged in the box too tightly
I'd really like seven more slices for
free oh my god it's gonna [ __ ] kill
myself talking to these [ __ ] people
dude it was it was the worst man like
hang on that posture cuz I the other
thing I'm not bringing up right now when
it comes to the restaurant is to go so
as the biggest downfall I'm sorry can I
cut it and ran about Chili's right yeah
if I can do it
hell yeah okay all right boys so when it
comes to the Chili's alright Seikaly
before dinner it's a 12 page menu it's a
hundred fifty 150 ingredient inventory
that's completely nonsense it's like
double the complexity of McDonald's but
the cooks are paid the [ __ ] same you
would
chose cook is gonna make like you know
minimum 12 an hour not [ __ ] true I
have no clue who the [ __ ] want to work
there but cooks there and as of 2014
we're getting paid 850 an hour which is
[ __ ] depressing a [ __ ] by the way but
holy [ __ ] in the kitchen you had um you
had several stations you had a you had
flat top grill fry side salad nacho and
then dessert slash prep those stations
right the problem though that work that
is a six-person station that requires a
six men five or whatever is five or six
person station that requires that many
amounts of people and because of the
dying antiquated model of casual dining
or whatever maybe right
the we were we were losing sales time
time again as time moved on and so the
corporate modules would update and say
that okay look your stores only a
$30,000 a day store therefore you only
get three cooks per night 2:00 in the
morning or 2:00 in the a.m. shift and
you get you know you only get two
managers per day rabbit and having three
or four day so you got someone who opens
who's there you know from [ __ ] 8:00
a.m. until 3:00 p.m. and then you got
the manager to comes in at like 2:30
who's there from 2:30 until midnight
it's actually crazy there's like you are
like you must get a chain ball and
tether and whip because you are not
leaving that restaurant dude I to me
some of the most oppressive never met my
[ __ ] life are Chili's managers man it
is actually insane how long they are
stuck there every [ __ ] day choices
only closed on Thanksgiving Day in
Christmas Day and that's it and we used
to be close early on Christmas on New
Year's Eve not anymore
open until the balls dropping your at
work [ __ ] you dude oh my god it's so
insane the well I'm jealous of is at
least you guys got the [ __ ] clothes
doing that [ __ ] at a 24-hour restaurant
was [ __ ] because sometimes you would
never know when it was going to [ __ ]
end I can't like there were every I
think it was like the first Sunday of
like every week we would close the
kitchen to do deep cleaning because you
would have to tear down the tops of all
the grills to clean out all the [ __ ] and
everything and then deep clean
everything in the back of front of house
and those glaze yeah those days when I
could look forward actually closing the
kitchen at 2 o'clock to get some
reprieve was so
[ __ ] satisfying it's like listen I'm
done taking orders [ __ ] if you
want a cheesecake you can order that
otherwise sit the [ __ ] down
oh my god I felt so good to be able to
close being stuck at a restaurant though
and I imagine I guess it's kind of
similar if you come in for a swing shift
like two o'clock if you don't close till
12:00 like it sucks because the way the
corporate always has it is like it's so
masterfully done it's kind of like an
hour in the normal economy when like
besos makes like billions and billions
of dollars but Republicans cry it like
immigrants we're stealing all the money
somehow even though they make nothing
like it's it's the same way at corporate
work environments to where it's like the
real problem is you're not scheduling
enough people but it ends up where the
employee is the one that feels like [ __ ]
because when 10 o'clock rolls around
it's time for them to go home and you
see the restaurant is swamped you feel
bad because you're leaving all of your
fellow employees to get [ __ ] and like
nothing feels worse or at least to me
nothing feels worse and like you clocked
out and you like look back at like the
[ __ ] war zone and the body strung
across the battlefield yeah yeah I'm
sorry guys you know I'll see you later
and you walk out knowing that all those
people are [ __ ] for the next like few
hours and then he's like oh man that was
you were decent stuff to that man that
that was the doggy-dog role at that
point yeah they did it all the time to
the bay but they were out dude the
minute 2:30 hit out out the door dude
like [ __ ] you I'm gone time I hit that
point halfway through my career we're
like I would I was the kind of guy that
would always come in if they'd call you
and [ __ ] like hey can you come in early
and I work [ __ ] night shift and with
the college you know annoying that is
getting a call at [ __ ] 6:00 p.m. in
the middle of my end of the few precious
hours of uninterrupted sweet I gotta
sleep I got a call at 6 p.m. to come in
[ __ ] two hours early and I was always
like I was like yeah I'll do it oh yeah
I'd love to come in yeah I mean the
overtime was great because by that point
I was getting 15 an hour so the overtime
was like 20 to 15 hour which was insane
for me but but at some point ago to the
point where I realized the trick was
like you know they'd call me attaboy
oh sorry man I'm like I'm really wasted
right now I'm really drunk otherwise I
would but I'll be sober for my chef's
sorry I'll see you at 10:00 like like
hang up every time like [ __ ] it yeah
[ __ ] that [ __ ] right about that okay so
getting calls on your day off dude it
got to the point where i legit didn't
answer my phone was unknown number
oh yeah do they would they would blow me
up dude it was so [ __ ] aggravating
cuz I was one of the reliable ones and
that was what call me in hey my sister's
uncle's baby's having a child can you
can you
cover my shift no [ __ ] cuz if I wanted
a [ __ ] day off none of y'all folks
would feel from me okay like I already
know this [ __ ] game work so it's one
time one time I wanted to go do
something really cool with a friend or
whatever and I and I know one offer no
one took up my shift it was it was a
Gucci Saturday night shift and Lounge no
one picked it up and I'm like dude [ __ ]
ya'll really dude
I learned that you had I had to
literally throw out 20 bucks I had to
offer money for people to come pick up
my shift which is standard now I totally
get that now but it was like I have I
have picked up shifts the past for free
at the Google of my heart and none of
y'all [ __ ] done the ones like Lauren or
me or or or Peggy and anyhow [ __ ]
gonna pick up my [ __ ] [ __ ] y'all dude I
did I had employees they would call out
they were [ __ ] shameless about their
excuses I had a girl gone one day and I
feel bad saying this because I don't
know like if this is true but I had a
girl that called out like three or four
times in a year because she [ __ ]
miscarried she would like call and be
like oh I'm sorry had a miscarriage this
morning I could be on it's like the fan
it was and I didn't know her it was like
she was like the supervisor such lead
for the next shift so she [ __ ] calls
out I'm gonna be there for four more
[ __ ] hours until Pam rules her
[ __ ] lazy ass in because she's not
gonna be the [ __ ] 11 o'clock [ __ ] me
but like she would always be like the
next day I was like oh wow like you
passed that fetus pretty quick like
congratulations I guess like yeah she
did this [ __ ] like three or four times a
year and this [ __ ] drove me crazy
well so what happened though is I would
answer the phone and then 2x put extra
tilt there I am
sob I bought an iPhone in year one about
an iPhone in 2007 and this was back when
you know when they were expensive for
their time and I felt like I had you
know the biggest dick in the world
because I had an iPhone in the world of
like Motorola cues and and palm trees
and whatnot yeah those phones that was
some serious street cred yeah
yeah yeah I was Powerball and I was like
yeah I'm ready for this [ __ ] dude it's
[ __ ] girls come out my head I thought
you know I can get I can get a Motorola
Q and an iPod Nano or I could just get
the iPhone and combine them both right
that was that was my my thought process
behind it um so when I got the iPhone my
voicemail alright this is the same year
where that song boo boo boo ballin no
life no love you
that song right so the hear that song
came out I made my my voicemail so
[ __ ] obnoxious and I did just for the
purpose of pissing off Chile's managers
who were calling me to come in on my day
off I was like hey you reach you reach
my phone ball in that's why I said
iPhone ballin hey hit me up bro what's
up like I made it so extra obnoxious
that they get so [ __ ] pissed off they
wouldn't call them anymore dude yeah
so that was my voicemail for like for
the entire two miles that Chili's done
and it cuz like the longer the longer
the years passed by the more cringe that
voicemail became because it's like I'm
bragging about having an iPhone like
they became less prac worth the overtime
so it's just like yeah I just did it the
tropa [ __ ] out of the customer or out of
the out of the the manager Stanwood
called me in and so oh yeah it was super
exhausting but back to the other thing
about the the thing here so it was a it
was a five or six person station that
would only get three at night and 2:00
in the morning with only two managers
rather than the four it should be to run
the entire thing because I'm on the
right you're cutting your margin so thin
on labor that like Mon you you you
assign three managers but whenever you
have an incompetent hiring manager who
hires people who don't have cars who
don't have reliable rides and do this
not no call no show [ __ ] four times
a [ __ ] week you know you're running a
three-man shift now you're only running
two cooks you have cooks for a
six-person station do the math there
your manager sees your man just not
managing now your managers in the back
kitchen cooking with other cooks now
every [ __ ] time dude there's no QA
there's no Quality Assurance there's no
nothing dude like and well that was like
that that's what you would do with your
salaried employees those were your
people when you when you comes time to
scheduling those are your people that
saved you and your hourly labor because
a lot of the times their wages aren't
even calculated or factored into your
like your labor numbers for the hour
like if you could throw a [ __ ] salary
dude on some station a supervisor and
not bring in an hourly employee you
better [ __ ] believe your store
manager whatever is gonna do that [ __ ]
cuz I say [ __ ] money and they just
[ __ ] his salary people in the ass yeah
yeah we was super exhausting so yeah
that um time time again I was always the
case and then finally the to go to go
was the [ __ ] show cuz like there was
like the share responsibility to answer
the phone when somebody called but of
course you know the problem is no your
your four to six tables deep right now
[ __ ] the phone the phone is a potential
problem I have
actual problems winning a tables right
now dude like [ __ ] the phone dude so
there's always like this
passive-aggressive answer the phone ring
ring ring answer the phone and I get you
do you hear - man she like yelling at
everyone in the front that run the house
answer the phone you can hear it you can
hear them yelling through the front of
house so you have customers hearing the
phone ring and it was [ __ ] terrible
dude so to go no one gave a [ __ ] at all
and of course um to go was this annoying
thing because to go was just slow enough
that you would cut to go at like 1
o'clock so between 1:00 p.m. and 3:30
before my shift begins to go was like
the the morning the morning head servers
responsibility and it's like ok so I get
that guy so I have to know I have my
like 10 to 12 table state section sure I
can handle that no problem on beast I
got that but then look at the answer to
go phones take to go orders and and
deliver them to the tables or living to
the cars on the outside right the
problem is these cooks man don't [ __ ]
do [ __ ] man [ __ ] you order
Margaritaville chicken that comes with
that comes with the the grilled chicken
the margarita marinate the peak of the
dial rice and black beans you know what
I get I get a [ __ ] old dry sandbagged
ass chicken breast
no marinade no pico no black beans no
rice I have to sit here and dick ride
them for [ __ ] anything hey yo bro
we're sure that oh my bad man's gonna be
five minutes they're already here the
tickets at twenty five [ __ ] minutes
dude like where the [ __ ] are you where's
cheesecake at where's the problem just
like scheduling orders ahead of time
that they weren't able to plan for it or
no the promise of cooks were a piece of
[ __ ] that would never [ __ ] do the
order correctly I have to like dude like
um oh my god dude they were just they
were pre-bump like I said before back to
the McDonald's topic earlier they would
um like they would they would make only
the core component and they would never
give you the sides so you've ordered a
burger yet the call for fries and I
would never get the fries whenever there
was supposed to be property bump at
[ __ ] Chili's oh yeah way you didn't
have like did you not have physical
tickets no it was computer oh [ __ ] yeah
it was all yeah it was all computer bro
it's garbage man I would never ever ever
trust pre bumping unlike a real
restaurant like that I would kill we had
physical tickets on every [ __ ] order
that [ __ ] hung in the window and you saw
what you need to know every order [ __ ]
that that sounds like a nightmare I'm
running a dinner shift yeah oh yeah they
know it was it was terrible dude they be
at every order whether it be a sandwich
you would never get the fries to you
until you called for it even though
again they're supposed to like literally
package it ready to sell and be ready to
go but never the case dude like oh my
god it was so frustrating you would
never get anything needed here so you
have you have your tables waiting on
[ __ ] you have to go outside with like a
three-car pileup waiting on [ __ ] none of
the coat to go shit's ready now it's
organized you have you don't have what
you need everything pre bumped manage in
the back of the kitchen or in the front
to help you out whatsoever phones ring
in and just like also by the way the
hosts they would cut the hosts too so we
would cut hosts we were cut to go we
would cut we had a cook's cut it was
like there's no [ __ ] labor dude so
you got people in the front waiting to
get sat customers waiting to get served
to go weed and get [ __ ] done and it's
like get to figure out which problem is
the most which forest fire is the most
important to take out first because you
only happen a little like weenie hut
junior [ __ ] little on the rocket
nozzle compared to having like a fire
hydrant to blow [ __ ] out with mm-hmm
it was it was super stressful it was
super exhausting and the last word about
this year - it's a little bit of a minor
tangent as well but like I can't tell
you how often I would get a table they
say it's a family right it could be like
a you know husband wife and a kid
husband or it's a ribeye medium rare
beautiful wife orders the I don't know
the case of the explosion salad which is
like in a little it looks like a it's a
it's a it's a it's a grilled chicken
salad covered in a sauce and a citrus
balsamic vinaigrette comes before cheese
quesadilla waged on the corners here so
it requires a combination of effort done
from you need grill to make the chicken
and you need salad nacho to make the
salad make the dressing and then cook
for cheese quesadilla wedges to put on
the corner of the salad and then finally
the little kid or is a grilled cheese so
you're those three things right and the
problem is typically your flattop slash
grill cook is the one that's the most
paid cuz he's like the one you eat like
he's cooking your most expensive
inventory and in my expertise I usually
guys like leading the kitchen - they're
usually the ones like calling out and
putting together orders and whatnot make
sure tickets are being sold on time at
least to the kitchen casino yeah right
right right yeah
they're very very that they're the most
competent and the most dependable
because they're cooking in this case the
most expensive inventory which we
include rib eyes and written and ribs so
the rib eye comes out beautiful medium
rare butter on top no cheese melted on
the potato it's got the chives on there
the the corn cobs actually buttered and
seasoned I can tell when I get sir
[ __ ] old dry ask when the cob no
butter on them I do think about the fact
think about would you eat this corn its
[ __ ] dry should dude you got all
these butter the [ __ ] [ __ ] man [ __ ]
do you [ __ ] so the river comes out
fantastic comes out you know 14 minutes
flat a one love it then I'm waiting on
the salad in order to be found and worse
yet I get the salad and I get the UM I
get the salad and I get the the ribeye
and I have this the kids meal the most
important one because I can't have the
adults eating and the kid sitting you're
looking at dad's starving and whatnot I
actually prefer to having the kids meal
out ASAP it's to be totally honest the
kids meal is nowhere to be found
and it's like you know you and usually
the the grilled cheese is responsible of
the the flattop guy or the fry side guy
and the problem is here's a problem
right the the 12-page Chili's menu half
the menu is fried food so every [ __ ]
night the fry the fry side gets super
slam dude ever fails do this this this
kitchen is so incompetently like
structure because it's it's doomed to
fail dude when half the menu is fried
food but only 1/5 of the kitchens got
actually gonna prepare fried food I
should tell you a lot about how stupid
this whole operation is actually and um
but yeah I'm looking for the grilled
cheese and they're like I don't have a
bro
I don't I don't know where it's at bro
and I'm like y'all are killing me y'all
so I'm sitting here having a ribeye
getting cooked from medium-rare to
medium well just sitting in the window
dying over a heat lamp I have it I have
a salad sitting here you know getting
soggy because it's [ __ ] salad and I
have no grilled cheese I'm sitting there
like oh [ __ ] dude just can I just for
once have things even go somewhat
correct it never failed you every
[ __ ] night was another not gonna go
out there and [ __ ] do the do the
little do the monkey dance because hey
I'm sorry that has been 25 minutes and
your foods not here yet
oh I'm sorry that I know
I know he ordered a grilled cheese I
shouldn't take 25 minutes but my [ __ ]
kitchen garbage dude oh you ever have
the customers that uh the customers that
would come up and they would order you'd
get like some guy would come up and he'd
be like hey I want a steak like extra
ultra super well done and then the guy
behind me come over like hey could I
just got like a ham and turkey sandwich
you're like sure and there are certain
things in food that like PTSD me one of
these things is when you're working at a
fast-food restaurant you just finished
with a line of cars and you go right up
to the front to start cleaning a table
and you see that one [ __ ] car pullin
to the to the in the front and like just
[ __ ] and you watch him your eyes
are on him the whole [ __ ] time with
this guy driving something oh my [ __ ]
god cuz you would like just finished in
with a lot of customers and now you're
finally get to [ __ ] clean something
and you see this one solitary [ __ ]
car pullin you like this [ __ ] piece of
[ __ ] and then you hear that goddamn hey
that little beep in your in your headset
to let you know that he's got the
[ __ ] drives like god [ __ ] damn it
another one of those big trigger moments
for me is when somebody comes up orders
that orders an item butts gonna take
some time to prepare right 10 15 20
minutes to prepare and then someone else
after them order some [ __ ] that's like a
2 to 3 minute thing and if your kitchens
running quick you get club sandwiches
out in a couple minutes
you know french fries I think we're in
the fryer for like I want to say two
minutes it was well on you drop fries to
this place then you pull them out is
when you watch when you're sitting at
the window and you watch one of your
food runners take the food they're
running it out and you see that goddamn
customer sitting at his [ __ ] table
giving them a death glare because
somebody that ordered after them is
getting their food first and then you
see it and you know it and your heart
rate is elevating cuz you know this
stupid [ __ ] about to get up and
come complain and you watch the car and
you watch him and they always make a
short of it too it's never just like
it's never just like it's like this it's
like where they they're like witnessing
some like unbelievable [ __ ] event and
they're like looking they're peering
like is that man is that customer really
gonna use [ __ ] food before me
I ordered [ __ ] what the [ __ ] and they're
like they're not saying it but you could
you can see the rage in their face and
then they stand up and you're like oh
God
it's gonna be that it's gonna be the
25th time this [ __ ] week I have to
explain to some dumb [ __ ] why a
goddamn grilled chicken sandwich takes
longer to make than a [ __ ] ham
sandwich any any walks up he's like um I
just had a question so I noticed that I
ordered before that customer and he got
his food before me oh my god dude
dealing some of these people's [ __ ]
impossible because chicken takes minimum
six look oh oh god these [ __ ] people
were impossible to deal with
I think it's hated I [ __ ] hated these
people it's crazy yeah I've had before
I've had like the the verbatim the final
stage bro it's like I want I want a
ribeye I want a steak I want a steak I
want to cook well done but I don't want
it burnt
I want the butter on it I want extra
cheese one extra bacon I want extra that
I want more that but on the on the on
the potato - I want a y'all game y'all
gave me one braid last time but I want
two braids this time and it's like and
the problem is Britt's one of those
things where you have to like you have
to like I can't ring in an extra bread
it's like a complementary item that
comes with the rib eye or certain pastas
it's like I have to manually call for
more bread which is like it puts me in
that position right this is the power
play is where the cooks are all like did
you ring that in did you ring that in
look I can't ring in bread [ __ ] okay
look I wish listen for a second here I
wish I didn't have to call and you're
[ __ ] dumb old saggy TV Asmus and I
don't [ __ ] care I wish I want to call
for anything from you okay look the Sun
comes up my [ __ ] ass with the [ __ ]
bread if I didn't have to ask for it I
wouldn't [ __ ] call for you okay I
cannot stand giving you a power-play
okay yes I can't bring the [ __ ] [ __ ]
all right
okay just for once not back-sass me and
just give me what the [ __ ] I need how
long have I been in now I've been
working it for three [ __ ] years can
you boil copper in here that I only
asked me when I absolutely [ __ ] mean
I'm not I'm not Stephanie okay holy [ __ ]
she's a dumbass I get done okay I'm just
here asking for bread because I have to
give this guy bread I can't get around
her right I [ __ ] this once
I'm so happy then right when I became
like the supervisor for the ship it felt
so [ __ ] good to have it to have
because it didn't happen that much
when i was when i was a server it
happened a lot more because i'd listen
to other people do it but when i became
a supervisor when i would ask for [ __ ]
was like hey listen i need this thing
like and again it only have a one time
where some cook would say like oh well
we can't do that or whatever I'd be like
I need this or I'm gonna come back and
do it for you like in it and then
everybody would be like real quiet for
like a few minutes whatever because it
was kind of awkward because you know I
was mad as [ __ ] I [ __ ] love that [ __ ]
yeah [ __ ] I if I couldn't cook I don't
know what I would do dealing with the
back of house because like I think a lot
of those guys I say those guys but I
think a lot of people in food service I
think a lot of it runs on respect too
and it's hard to take orders from
somebody when you feel like they can't
do [ __ ] or they don't know anything
about what's going on so I'm sure yeah I
mean like I was really friendly you know
I put it this way but at the end of the
I was super friendly with all the cook
dudes like we all loved each other like
there was a couple guys that I Randy and
should I remember going to his house and
playing Halo a bunch of [ __ ] well friend
I'll talk about Alliance now actually
there was a point where I'd created the
corrupt alliance I created the internal
mafia Chile's like I was like look bro I
got a guy here he's gonna part to be fat
look I'll give you a five you get my
[ __ ] out before anyone else's we cool
doing that five the cooks name was Dee
Rob he was a Dean Rob was the entire
package man's man was like six I don't
even know like six seven tall lanky like
wannabe rapper had a SoundCloud and
everything I kid you not actually that
soundcloud back when soundcloud was like
young and young and it's a inception and
like d rob was like yo you got she got
money [ __ ] I got [ __ ] out man there's
this man we was still the most ugly-ass
salmon and then I saw him a five and
grill I'm getting [ __ ] banger salmon
dude I mean [ __ ] lemon squeeze pepper
on top immaculate looks like actually
Matt just a menu picture I'm like sky
[ __ ] hazard it they don't [ __ ] pay
him enough for this [ __ ] dude that's
amazing
I remember dude I had like yeah the the
MDM I would you know what I had I'll
call it an empire okay I had known I you
know so many different parts about all
the casino jobs that I had like a
network of people that I got up my like
it was like you scratch my back and I'll
scratch yours so one of the things at
the casino that everybody [ __ ] hated
was cocktail servers what often times
come to the casino and they would place
orders they were placed to go orders for
other people
no we tactically kind of weren't allowed
to do this now if they brought money and
paid for it it was okay but the reason
why people hated the cocktail
there was usually what happened is they
would place an order we'd give him a
pager and they would come back like an
hour later they were always [ __ ] late
for our food and so people started to
disrespect the order so they put it in
sometimes they wouldn't get made right
away like there's just a lot of [ __ ]
like there was a lot of animosity well
what I found out firstly a lot of these
girls were cute as [ __ ] okay they just
sucked at doing the order [ __ ] but what
I found out [ __ ] one day some [ __ ]
happened or whatever where the server
came in to place an order and what I
found out was was that this chick would
do some special [ __ ] for her customers
where she would go to the diamond lounge
and she would get chocolate [ __ ]
milkshakes for these guys and I was like
and I saw her walk in one time with that
let's see what the [ __ ] is that and her
her name was Heather and she was like oh
like this is a you know I got a
chocolate milkshake for you know this
guy in the Poconos like you
[ __ ] have chocolate milkshakes
and she's like yeah we do I can bring
you one but Luisa flirt all the time
when was it you and bring me a chocolate
milkshake and she like yeah sure and she
brought me a chocolate milkshake that
night and that became like that was my
[ __ ] when I got that chocolate milkshake
that was the only thing I had to look
forward to that shitty ass job so what
would happen was the servers would come
in and they would place orders and
because the back of the house and
everybody hated dealing with the servers
and everything but I could do everything
I would take the order for them I would
ring in the ticket I would like to it
like zero zero zero like Steven order
and I would go back and I would cook it
all myself and then I usually I knew
like so many of the customer of this
place because I there I was super
customer facing I talked to everybody
all the old people [ __ ] loved me I
knew all the poker players because I
played poker and we would talk about our
that you know they would rant to me
about their aces getting cracked or some
[ __ ]
so I would take their order I would go
back and cook it and then I would
usually deliver it to the guy if I knew
who they were if it was a poker player
so many playing slots if I knew where
they were I would do all this [ __ ] and
they would bring me [ __ ] chocolate
milkshakes all night long and it was
like the my favorite part of working at
the casino was this like back-alley
[ __ ] [ __ ] going on where the Serbs
would come in place orders I'd cook it
take it out and I get [ __ ] milkshakes
I love that [ __ ] that was my [ __ ] right
there okay that was the only thing I had
to look forward to had that godforsaken
[ __ ] hellhole
was my [ __ ] chocolate milkshakes yeah
your your your one your one out locks
I'm sorry I did well did the hardcore
was actually you're still telling me how
you I we went on a restaurant where that
oh this is like a real quick me I just
never mind
did you ever play halo 2 oh yeah dude I
actually bring up here anything about
the gaming I did back now yeah I was
until I was very much in the halo 2 and
I want
again two competitive halo 3 but my
internet where I live out in the rural
country [ __ ] was to [ __ ] yeah I
literally couldn't play online I was
always the got the one bar signal like
why bars I was always the guy with the
one bar no matter what I did is my name
it was like 0.5 town just garbage and
0.01 up literally literally by the way
so yeah I could never I couldn't play
Halo 3 online no matter what I did so I
had to like give up and move on to
speedrunning you had a halo 2 was the
first one that introduced like the laser
sword right yeah correct positive it was
right yeah I remember I had the homing
glitch on it you can yep come on
Sherlock on swap to the sword and flung
halfway across the map that was super
lit I remember one of the most awkward
moments of my life was I went on one of
the cooks in the back exam was Randy I
used to we actually found out that we
lived in like the same like apartment
complex I went over to this guy's house
and played and we would play Halo
sometimes he had a friend come over once
and like you know I talked [ __ ] a lot
and because I played games and blah
blahs ago I had this guy come over and
it was the most Awkward [ __ ] gameplay
in my entire life because this guy got
so [ __ ] mad I had these like ultra
[ __ ] strategies on some maps that would
piss me like for Randy it was just funny
but this guy legitimately I thought he
was actually gonna hurt me like I got
like scared being at this guy's house I
don't remember anything about this game
but I remember there was some map on
halo 2 I think you were like inside a
spaceship and you go go outside and like
jump off the map but there were these
like energy shields that separated like
from being like in a part of an area and
what I would do is I would always camp
the other side of like the entrance with
the [ __ ] laser sword so the guy
couldn't shoot you but as soon as he
would come through I could [ __ ] laser
and I killed this guy like [ __ ] 10
times in a row doing this and we were
playing like first at twenty first
thirty whatever and he would get so
[ __ ] mad at like how irritated he's
like this is how you gonna play there's
how you do this [ __ ] I thought you were
supposed to be [ __ ] good why do you
do this dumb [ __ ] like this is some
[ __ ] [ __ ] and he would get so
[ __ ] mad playing I only play those
got one time I thought he's gonna
[ __ ] kill me holy [ __ ] it was so
[ __ ] funny oh my god yeah anyway I
was one of those people maybe yeah I
worked at the casino for a while oh I
quickly discovered we were talking about
like the meritocracy thing
we're like I thought that I thought it
was like if you worked hard and you
worked well like you were I figured that
like I was invincible at the casino
there was no way I would ever get fired
from that job I knew everybody at every
position I knew so many different parts
of the of the job I could do front of
house I can do back of the house and I
could do everything really well I was
one of the fastest cooks I was one of
the fastest order takers like at the
front like my customer service skills I
was [ __ ] I had that [ __ ] on [ __ ]
lock and what happened was something
happened one day where there was a we
had like a soda machine we had a fruit
fry fruit to fly problem underneath the
soda machine you know those things
always good like sticky and gross or
whatever you have to clean it yeah yeah
yeah wait just see I feel like some of
y'all think that the soda dispensaries
you know the cook the Coke machine um
they're all like really gross I think
it's actually to be really well
maintained by fast-food restaurants
because they change so frequently cuz
like you know the you know it's a co2
dispensary tethered to like a you know a
syrup bag beneath here so you know the
sprites a giant bag of like sprite syrup
that goes into the co2 carbonated water
and and makes sprite for you right there
in the machines might taste better than
then bottle soda huh
these are maintained really well at
fast-food restaurants because they are
they have to be changed so frequently
cuz people getting soda all day long
yeah at restaurants it is the wild wild
west these things are not very well
maintained there they get dusty they get
dirty there they are gross man yeah we
could
yeah and ours we had for some reason
there was like a fruit fly problem
underneath and I remember we I clean
this out like [ __ ] I feel like every
day for like a week and there's so fruit
flies and one day when I was if I gonna
marry if I can called out and I was
stuck there for until Pam the manager
got in its to take over the shift
because I couldn't leave because I was
the only one that could run the shift
when she came in she she noticed it and
she was like Stephen you know what's
going on why is this blah blah blah and
I'm like listen like I've clean this at
a ton I've emailed around other
supervisors like I can't this [ __ ] is
not getting down like I don't know what
the [ __ ] to do and she's like listen to
me Stephen if something bad ever happens
to you and you're not getting the
answers that you need you need to take
an initiative you need to be a leader
because I see a leader in you that's why
you
the youngest supervisor bova you need to
take initiative and you need to email
the next person up and you need to get
the work done and I was like damn Pam
you're right I feel inspired thank you
that's I'll do that next time thank you
and you know some months down the road
so I work something called nightshift
which is the [ __ ] devil's shift which
nobody gives a [ __ ] about because in a
normal restaurant all of your important
VPS all of everybody
you know your big manager is your big
owners they're all there during the day
shift so if you've ever worked at a
restaurant day shift is where you go if
you want to make easy money because all
the old people tip like crazy and you're
not to do any real [ __ ] work because
everything stock from the night before
you don't get any big rushes swing shift
is where that's where your day shift is
where your spoiled lazy workers are that
are friends everybody
swing shift is where all of your best
workers are because you can't survive a
busy [ __ ] swing shift without your
best [ __ ] workers you need your you
need your sickest people there and the
money is still good but you have to work
really hard for it and then grave shift
is where businesses try to save as much
money as possible you bare-bones the
[ __ ] out of your crew this is why
anytime you drive to McDonald's at 2:00
a.m. right after the bars let out
there's a line out the [ __ ] ass out
the out the out the whole parking lot
because they've only got like probably
two people working that restaurant one
person really they probably have like a
supervisor and then they've got like one
cook and that's all you've got working
the [ __ ] restaurant at night but it
came too high bro yeah sorry bro the
grille machine broke yeah well we can if
we use that excuse and a McDonald's you
get [ __ ] I don't think we can use on
that do you or your super fire yeah but
um the people who st. cooks oh [ __ ] I'm
not rubbing anything I wonder if twitch
is having problems what actually you
haven't dropped for me at all again I'm
good on my own yeah I don't see any at
all either so I must be Twitter's having
problems yeah unless people are
eternally whatever but um yeah so it
can't be a point where I was getting
really [ __ ] tired of like my shift
was like a [ __ ] joke the employees
that I was getting on my [ __ ] shift
were unbelievable unimaginable [ __ ]
employees I got a guy called
Tut who is [ __ ] Sudanese this guy
didn't know what the [ __ ] now that isn't
hearing the Sudanese he'd but he was
like I think really from Sudan he didn't
know what the [ __ ] a cheeseburger was
okay this is a guy working in a diner he
know what the [ __ ] cheeseburger was
this guy could barely read English and I
had to train this guy and teach this guy
and every time I brought in an employee
and I would always know to like if I
were to get like a cute girl employee I
knew it was up she was there on my shift
to get trained and then as soon as she
was trained up they would suck her off
then take her to the [ __ ] one yards
down off to the day shift going off to
the swing shift and they would throw me
the next crazy ass [ __ ] employee I
had some of the craziest [ __ ] people
I just 50 old woman who I swear to god
was a [ __ ] crackhead this chick would
come in late
half the [ __ ] time she was crazy she
would start fights with customers and
why the [ __ ] do I get these employees at
night this is crazy and like it got to
the point to where like I got an angry
email from it was either I think Pam
passed me down something where like some
like head and food ahead of food and
beverage walked through the restaurant
like 12:00 a.m. and the restaurant was
really dirty they're all on bus tables
is like dude I can't [ __ ] do this
there's no way and so I was like oh I
remember the advice that Pam gave me I'm
gonna email Pam and then I'm gonna email
the VP ahead of her I'm gonna I'm gonna
email the VP ahead of her and see see
Pam and I wanna say hey listen I'm not
being scheduled with enough employees at
night okay I am doing this job better
than any other employee that you have
can do it I swear to you and I can't get
this done
I need more employees or else this is
not possible right damn look at you wolf
no on that was alpha [ __ ] in the ass
that was the beginning end for my time
at the casino you kept it real man you
keepin it real keeping it real went
wrong what and that's when I found and
it's ironic cuz I knew these strategies
too but um what was being practiced on
me from that point on there's there was
a term that we had at the casino when
you've got an employee needed to fire
them cuz you don't like them or because
they're black or cuz they're a woman or
whatever you just some [ __ ] that you
can't like put on paper we do this thing
called paper I'm out the door and that's
where once you've been identified as
you're on the [ __ ] list you are gonna
get written up for every [ __ ] random
thing you've ever done if you've ever
been at a job guys and you either
started getting written up for random
[ __ ] or you've noticed another employee
getting written up for random [ __ ] it's
because somebody has marked that person
for deletion that person has been
written into somebody's death note and
his execution is being carried out you
ever have that employee that all of a
sudden is like hey listen um yesterday
somebody ordered the double cheeseburger
with bacon and we have a menu item for
that but you just clicked the add bacon
button and it charges 50 cents less
we have to put you on final written
warning fact right you ever end up with
some random [ __ ] [ __ ] like that
happening it means that that person is
marked and he is out the door and it
started it started happening to me where
I started to get written up for like
really random things like I had my boss
bring into the office when he looketh
Stephen you collect in like two minutes
late like three times last week and I
had been working there for four years
and I had never I missed one shift in my
whole time there and it was for one
night it was when my best friend
committed suicide it was the only time I
ever missed a shift and my whole time
and I was in work the next day for that
and it was it and I started to get
written up for like clocking in like a
couple minutes late I was like okay
that's strange because Mary calls out
literally like every [ __ ] other day
and it somehow she still seems but okay
whatever Mary's the next that she was
the miscarriage woman who somehow was
the next day shift manager and I was
always anxious at like 4:00 a.m. waiting
for her [ __ ] callin cuz if she called
in I was gonna be there
[ __ ] oh god it was so stressful
because I cuz I would always get like a
couple hours of sleep cuz I would have
an 11:00 a.m. class I think on Tuesdays
and Thursdays and if I got out at 6 a.m.
from the casino I could sleep like four
hours before class at 3 hours per class
and if she would call in I wouldn't get
any sick my whole day but anyway that
was the beginning of the end for me
basically a bunch of random [ __ ] happen
it came to a point we came to a head
where the final confrontation was some
girl was trying to call out or something
and you know she was on nine points for
her call-outs and I you know I called
the pan the manager because I was like
hey this girl's trying to FMLA on me
which is like family medical leave of
absence and Pam was like oh well she
can't do that I was like okay so I need
to tell her that she's gonna get fired
because like you can't tell her she's
gonna get fired that's not your job
okay I mean she's gonna have ten points
and basically through the conversation
with her I got a call in like a week
later Pam called me into my goddamn
shift four hours early four hours early
four hours early I got called in at 6:00
p.m. I'm not certain till 10:00 I got
called in I got a call it 4:00 p.m. I
just got out of class I got a call at
4:00 p.m. saying I need to come in at
6:00 p.m. I was like okay but it but the
call was from Pam's personal phone so I
couldn't ignore it normally you know I'd
be like whatever and she brought did the
trap line see by now you should've had
everyone's number saved for sure yeah
well I even saw Pam was like the manager
I would I could never ignore her calls
because I figured some real shits going
down if she's calling but uh yeah you
know I come in and she basically pulls
me in her office and
she's firing me because I swore at an
employee and then she pulled up that
that employee that I told was gonna get
a points or whatever she showed her a
text much I was like hey like just let
you know like if you you know if you
call out you know we're gonna get you're
gonna get [ __ ] or whatever and she's
like yeah you can't really say that to
an employee and the funny thing is that
the only reason she had Jackie's texts
is because Jackie didn't think she would
get fired when she came in and and
Pamela's like oh well why do you think
that in drugs like oh well look like I
thought it was good and she got my text
messages to Jackie from her thinking
jack cuz Jackie thought she wasn't gonna
get fired but then she got fired anyway
then I got [ __ ] fired and yeah and I
was like I couldn't even believe it when
it happened I was like and that's when I
realized that's not like all the V for
Vendetta Domino's it came into play
because I came in like the day after to
HR and I was like I can't really be
getting fired right like this isn't
happening and they're like wow let's
look up at your write-up history and
that was when like all the dominoes fell
on us like oh no I'm [ __ ] and they
were like well did you really come in
five minutes late and that's like yeah
well that's you're in mourning well did
you really mess up this piece of
paperwork and I was like yeah just like
well that's your final red one it's like
oh god I actually got [ __ ] fired and
um ya knows yeah I was totally [ __ ] it
was like and the funny thing was that
this was after I'd already failed music
school I went to school for music and I
had to drop because I was missing too
many tests because [ __ ] I was I would
work like I was wearing like 60 hours of
right [ __ ] right right trying to do
music school didn't work I ended up
failing college and I you know and it
was funny because I had like these
pivotal choices in my life was like I
could do college and say [ __ ] work and
you know tone back my work but
realistically I'm going to school for a
for a music performance degree I don't
know if I'm gonna make a living doing
that but this casino [ __ ] I [ __ ] kill
it this [ __ ] I'm a boss at customer
service and I know all of these jobs
like [ __ ] it you know I'll [ __ ] school
I'll put it on the back burner and I'll
focus on my job at the casino but so I
got the track fired at [ __ ] fired at
the casino after failing school for the
casino yeah and and I remember spending
the next like year living off of my 401k
applying to a ton of jobs but I couldn't
use my casino work experience because
I've gotten fired so I couldn't put that
on my [ __ ] resume and yeah and then
eventually I started doing carpet
cleaning which was a whole other era of
my life which was [ __ ] horrible I
remember taking a stop at one point to
reflect that in like I think like within
the course of like 18 months I had gone
from making baller ass [ __ ] paychecks
the casino to playing poker with my best
friend every Friday to like standing in
somebody's [ __ ] house with it being
cold as [ __ ] and my job was [ __ ] and my
mortgage was falling behind and I was
getting behind on all my [ __ ] bills
and I was at the point where like I
would wake up and I would check my
[ __ ] phone and I'd be super nervous
if I couldn't like get on the internet
or whatever because I didn't know if my
service had been shut off
so like every time when you're like when
you're when you're super [ __ ] poor
you always get like all the innocuous
[ __ ] like makes you really worried where
like sometimes you wake up and you're a
little bit stressed to like turn on the
sink cuz you don't know if the water is
gonna [ __ ] come on or you you know
you check your phone you don't know of
any text messages and when you woke up
and you don't know if it's because your
service got shut off like real [ __ ]
stressful show like that all the time
and yeah and that was my that was like
my life for like a year after that was
[ __ ] horrible and yeah I did the
carpet cleaning [ __ ] and then yeah long
story short that job was somehow managed
to be worse than everything else because
the the work was excruciating and I got
paid [ __ ] for it because the way that
the jobs were scheduled I guess I I [ __ ]
I feel like I tell the carpet cleaning
should I ran about this all out on
stream but I guess so if you're new here
the problem with the carpet cleaning
[ __ ] for me was your jobs were all
commissioned and your jobs were your
jobs were checking it someone who tries
to checking the mail is terrifying I
didn't get mail as much but I remember
like a weird thing this is kind of weird
to think about checking your bank
account was terrifying and I would never
do it I don't know how like this makes
sense but like when you're that [ __ ] I
was always really scared to check my
bank because I was scared that like if I
would check it like I didn't want to see
it being in the negative so I would just
like a credit score I had a lot of
friends who would like yeah I don't I
don't want checking bro I know it's bad
I don't want them yeah and I wouldn't
know if those beneath like like is it
400 500 I don't know bro I don't wanna
know yeah and it's like this is weirdest
think it's like I mean your money is
there no matter what you know whether
it's whether you're in the negative or
not you know you checking it doesn't but
I don't know if it's like [ __ ]
Schrodinger his balance we're like maybe
if I don't check it maybe it could be
okay maybe it's not okay I just don't
want to [ __ ] think about it because
as soon as the wavefunction collapses
it's going to be me having 52 different
you know withdrawal penalties or
whatever like the overdraft fees but uhm
yeah fun yeah but the so basically the
thing that sucked about the carpet
cleaning was everything is scheduled on
commission so like
what that would mean is I got paid I
think I had to be in the shop it was
either at 6:00 or 7:00 a.m. is when I
had to be in the shop T on my truck
ready
so the first jobs would start at either
8 or 9 a.m. and what you might have is
you might have a job scheduled from 8
a.m. to 9 a.m. and you'll get paid you
know 16 dollars for that if it's a
minimum service job your next job might
be scheduled from like 11:00 to 1:00
probably make about $30.00 at that job
and then you might have another drop
scheduled from like 4 to 5 which is
another $15 job so you might make $60
that day but the thing is you came in at
6 or 7 a.m.
and because your last job finished at 5
you're leaving at about 6 or 7 p.m. so
you might be working these 10 or 12 hour
shifts and then coming home with like 50
$60 depending on how [ __ ] your day was
and you're yeah it was super [ __ ]
horrible and some of these jobs were
god-awful dude we did I don't know if
every carpet clean job is but we did
like water damage restoration it [ __ ] so
like going into a basement oh my god I
remember the first time I handled
[ __ ] insulation have you ever [ __ ]
with anything [ __ ] no I never nothing
lays before now so I was like an idiot I
didn't know right so basically you
scorch a whole bunch of drywall you you
you'd cut a line into it and then you'd
kick the drywall out and then I remember
reaching in with my bare [ __ ] hands
just pulling out all of this fluffy it's
just like fluffy pillow heat insulation
[ __ ] it doesn't hurt you at all I pull
in a hand that was not fluffy harmless
insulation it's actually fiberglass and
if you do that [ __ ] with your bare
[ __ ] hands your [ __ ] will be [ __ ]
for maybe a day or two like oh my god my
[ __ ] would get so [ __ ] itchy and I
didn't realize it until like a couple
times doing this I was like oh you're
actually not supposed to put your bare
hands on this [ __ ] but um yeah I'm ever
being in basements [ __ ] taking a
little [ __ ] scraper and a hammer and
it's chipping out the [ __ ] glue that
they would use don't Oh God it was just
[ __ ] horrible and I got paid like my
paychecks were like maybe fifteen
hundred like every two weeks fifteen
hundred to maybe two thousand dollars
every two weeks and I was working it was
seven days a week
with every other Sunday off so I was
essentially working like thirteen day
shifts and yeah my whole
I was like working this carpet cleaning
job and making no [ __ ] money and then
you know on top of all this I'm fighting
with Rachel because we're breaking up
and you know the [ __ ] yeah holy [ __ ]
it was [ __ ] horrible but basically at
some point during this I guess to kind
of just like get into the early
streaming stuff I think it was I'm
pretty sure it was Kyle that suggested
it to me but there were some like ether
Korean or American people that sometimes
streamed themselves was playing video
games online and you know growing up
through high school I think I was
decently funny and we always had a lot
of fun playing games I remember we would
play we would bring like the PlayStation
to school I think was a ps2 when you put
like Tekken and [ __ ] we did a lot of bad
[ __ ] did we would sneak out during
church we would sneak into like the band
room and one of the practice rooms and
tunnel the lights off and [ __ ] and we'd
be playing like Tekken during like Mass
and whatnot I went to a Catholic school
and um
and yeah anyway yeah Kyle's I think Kyle
made me aware of this was like Austin
was like oh [ __ ] like I should [ __ ]
try this and back in those days I
remember my old e 6750 dual-core
processor trying to stream at 300
kilobits per second right you know
basically I got into streaming and I
would do that like in my free time a
little bit of free time I had after
every after every job sometimes what I
would do is I would go home and I would
stream a little in between jobs I'm
pretty sure these clips exist on YouTube
somewhere where you know I pick up the
phone and I'm like hey this is Steve
with guaranteed clean I'm just letting
you know I'm running late on my last job
but I'll beat your house about an hour
after we're scheduled so that I could
play like a few more games I'm pretty
sure there are YouTube videos of me like
he's calling people and moving jobs back
at [ __ ] but yeah basically I think in
2010 in December I got my first paycheck
when they finally made it so you could
run ads on the platform I got my very
first paycheck and that paycheck was for
like two hundred and ten dollars and I
was like oh [ __ ]
and I basically I kind of did some quick
math and I was like oh you know I'm able
to stream for X hours and I got paid two
hundred some dollars if I would just
scale that up I wouldn't make more money
streaming a little bit more money
streaming that I would do in carpet
cleaning and once I basically like math
that out and like my light my financial
life was [ __ ] anyway you know I did
faltered on all my student loans all of
my my house payments were like [ __ ]
like I was like calling like every few
months to renegotiate a new payment or
some [ __ ] I was like [ __ ] it why not
and I called or I went into work and I
told my you know guys like hey sorry
like my girlfriend is delivering her kid
even though
was like five months off forever I was
like yeah she's real pregnant she's
having a baby so I got to quit and um
yeah and I picked up my last paycheck a
couple weeks later and then I started to
get into screaming yeah
damn dude that's [ __ ] crazy
two things I wanna bring up here one I
saw uh some reactions to 1,500 to 2 K
every two weeks not being a lot of money
when you when you have Nathan when you
have we throw a child into the equation
out the window that goes man they how
much not much of a money sink children
are like yeah not only that but you're
expensive man yeah the thing is is it
like this is always something it's been
harder to community was like I was I've
always been like a real-life big boy
that's had like real life
responsibilities so like I have like a
mortgage to pay I've got you know bills
to pay my parents don't pay my cell
phone my parents don't pay my car
insurance my parents don't pay right and
I and I had like for a long story I had
real expensive car insurance too I think
I I think it's called sr22 I had to
carry sr22 insurance because I'd lost my
license a couple years earlier because I
got dinged with a huge [ __ ] speeding
ticket going like one I think he wrote
me down to 145 or 135 and like a 65 when
I was driving I think his parole do yeah
crit so the friend that I would pick up
every Friday to pick to play cards to
play poker with his he lived in a little
shitty ass City and Iowa called Malvern
and it was all country road between here
and there like a [ __ ] I had my
little Volkswagen GTI I would speed like
a [ __ ] I'm going to and from you
know his house to pick him up so yeah
[Music]
I've gotten a dirty confession here I
think I've I think I've just reached
double-digit amount of speeding tickets
my life I I've I've definitely gotten
way too many to count cuz the problem
saving here too it's cuz I'm the country
in the country no one gives a [ __ ]
everyone's doing like dude minimum
seventy honestly yeah so I've been
popped for a bunch of [ __ ] so I am I
feel you on that one yeah so my
conscience is pretty expensive I was
still making payments on my my
Volkswagen my GTI which was like I think
300 a month plus I had a mortgage and
then my utilities everything like yeah I
had it was just like a lot of people I
noticed it like for a lot of streamers
like not a lot of streams but I've met a
lot of people who we don't have to pay a
lot of bills but yeah like I said I was
fully independent I was 17 so my parents
didn't cover anything for me
and yeah yeah for sure
before you continue on about the about
the Europe your once the stream picked
up and whatnot two things here you
brought up I want to let you like go on
interrupted here uh uh uh you brought
here the boss that was always unreliable
to you and constantly was you're in fear
of them calling in I had a similar it
didn't affect me personally but there
was a Chili's there was a boss or name
was Melissa who had just had a child and
man did she clutch onto that time and
time again um the the child I'm I think
it was like me like a five-year-old
daughter but like man just she got the
red carpet bro she had she she had to
work day times just because you know the
daughter was in school or whatever the
[ __ ] right and dude she got super I
remember cuz I remember one of the other
boss at a time I think his name was
James was like mega salty and when tell
me about it cuz we were like we were
boys back then but tell me how [ __ ]
but man he was because you know you got
the Dacians but you had the reliable
cooks you didn't have any of the drama
you had the easier shifts you got the
better numbers you're likely to meet
your quarter quarterly review targets
because you just you know your inventory
was good your number so good your
servers were good everything was easier
if this was daytime shift right uh-huh
um and so these of her to climb
corporate rankings and get raises
because she wasn't stuck working the
[ __ ] night shifts that we all worked
yeah a big thing and the other thing
here too is that the pretty hires man
that was the trap I can't tell how often
the same [ __ ] thing dude the hiring
manager is some [ __ ] old horny ass
midlife crisis to that restaurant and
it's like Chrissy Cristina Kirsten do
you ever wonder it you ever watch the
movie whiplash III haven't it's unlikely
I've watched there's a part in the movie
there's a part of the movie where he's
going down where he's having a bunch of
sex ones playing melody and he gets the
first saxophone and it's a and it's a
girl he says he just says some
authenticom he's like let's see if
you're here because you're good at cuz
you're pretty and she [ __ ] up he's like
yeah I thought so alright that it that
I'm say that line reminds me though
where sometimes I would walk in and you
know there would be like an employer
like [ __ ] but they was like what the
[ __ ] is going on but then I would
actually see her and I'd be like okay
gotcha like I understand there was one
point where I was the only there's only
two or
trainer certified waiters it was me and
another girl named Paige and so we
didn't do any of the hiring we did none
of the interview process but we were the
ones forced to train the new hires at
the restaurant and I'm just like and
they're worse people like they wanna
like I made sure she's cute but she's
like she's like a it's a bag of bricks
in her brain dude are you kidding me
like zero social skills zero contextual
awareness no spatial awareness runs into
the wall run to other people they know
the rest we're moving faster she's like
moving slow and [ __ ] checking her phone
not onto anything else like I'm like you
need to focus man you suck at your job
dude yeah and it was like I can tell by
day one I'm like this it's a five day
training program
you're supposed to be on your own by day
four and you are you're a joke you don't
even get like like our our menu is a
joke it's not got yet to learn
chimichangas fajitas in quesadillas you
but yet you just have to learn the [ __ ]
you already eat make macaroni and
burgers and [ __ ] like you don't even
know the [ __ ] menu are you kidding me
yeah dude it was super exhausting its
mega [ __ ] nothing's worse than we have
a five day training and you feel like
you're wasting your time if a day one
literally it's very interesting to see
the difference between like the kids
that would work to versus like the older
people that would work like in terms of
like being hungry for hours or hungry
for shifts like I remember like the kid
like the younger employees always feel
like real excited to get off early every
single day we'd have these employees
that would go home like two or three
hours early every single day was like
why the [ __ ] are you worried you have
[ __ ] bills to do like the [ __ ] is
going on like what so funny thing about
this all right there was a period of
dieting and brink cover here and the UM
in my 2007 depression were for like one
month I've worked at up pasados there's
another Mexican restaurant and this one
here was like ran by teenagers it was
really weird it was like all teenagers
who were the waiting staff with like old
people being the managers and they had
this really weird system where it was
open shifts in that every weekday 9:00
cause it was like a lower demand for
shifts whoever could whoever came in
early was first cut and the way to come
in early was just a walk in at 3:30 and
signed the clipboard and that's
literally it
so what would happen it was this really
weird thing where people would they
would run in and they would camp because
they wanted they wanted to make money
but they want to be the first out so bad
that they would come in like they would
run to the clipboard at 3:30 to be the
first one sign
on there than the clip road went up
there in live mm-hmm and it's like yeah
they're like you said they were they
were in a they were in such a rush so I
guess make mom happy cuz they have to
cuz they have to go work or whatever but
they want to get the [ __ ] out of there
ASAP and they want to be first cut say
they would just they were in a they
would rushed and even they would even
camp they would come early before the
football was up and just wait and then
run over like and Google signed a
clipboard thinks it can be the first one
out yeah those weird like why the [ __ ]
you been here like yeah that they didn't
they didn't observe that you know if you
had a higher volume of table served you
would likely or make more money but they
just won to be out ASAP uh-huh single
single club and they might have some
[ __ ] or whatever I'm [ __ ] but no
that's actually really cool though I'm
um yeah you got a real rags to riches
story there and then some a little bit
so you see did the streaming thing and
then when did you blow up though like
when when did it when did it become like
you know you're the destiny was it
always a debate thing how did how did
the Bates coming up I never actually
blew up it was always just kind of like
a pretty I was always done like a grind
I was like pretty a pretty consistent
grind when I started streaming early on
back in those days the big fight was
getting featured on Team Liquid I don't
know if you do you know what site this
is if you ever heard of that site yeah
because that's where all the view risk
came from people go to teamliquid and
then click off on the streams on the
side there to watch them but uh yeah I
remember that like I was just I started
growing I started streaming i continued
streaming i kept growing people like me
because I was super rayji I was pretty
funny I was pretty smart I think I had
like a decent like amount of life
experience compared to a lot of other
people so I could bring in a lot of that
you know to make things more
entertaining and you know I'd spent my
whole life my whole life was spent on
battle done at chat rooms insulting
people that was like you lived there
died by I don't know if Kyle remember
it's as if he's online and I'm pretty
sure that's a irritated if I kind of
growing up but like the most important
thing to movies be able to trash-talk
people online and I even downloaded I
remember there's a program called
stealth BOTS well you could download a
program that would let you like chat and
battle down at chat rooms without
actually being logged in to babble the
net like you didn't have to open up the
whole Starcraft liner it ever you can
just use his bot to shit-talking April
but yeah so I'd spent like my whole life
basically practicing for a job that I
didn't know I would have later on and
like being able to cleverly install
people and do all of that was kind of
like a big thing growing up for me not
growing up but um but they might in the
early parts of my streaming career that
kind of like got me popular
and it eventually got to the point to
where I was um yeah I was one of them I
think I was like the one of the more
popular streamers borderline the most
popular streamer but I couldn't get
featured on Team Liquid because that
site was a site where you had to be in
with the crowd in order to do anything
and I definitely wasn't on the in crowd
at all and yeah I was very awkward I
remember that all my fans would be like
you know like you know feature and what
the [ __ ] is going on and I wouldn't get
featured even though I had more viewers
than like all the other featured
streamers and then I remember the day I
finally got featured everybody was so
[ __ ] like oh it's amazing it was so
happy and then yeah for a while I was
the largest streamer I guess in the
world because Starcraft 2 was the
biggest game in the world and I was the
biggest rumor in the game and then
slowly the sleeping giant League of
Legends started to creep up these you
know five-figure streamers started to
appear on own they didn't just appear
they'd been streaming for a long time as
well and then own went under and you
know they came over to twitch and the
league grew Starcraft died and yeah but
yeah you know one small thing about that
you uh you brought your life experiences
to streaming that's yes anything from me
cuz I didn't um with waiting tables I
didn't I never really realized that
waiting tables was essentially a 24/7
practice on sociology and communication
like I'm analyzing like my clientele
really quick like I'm getting hard reads
I'm like are they here for to hear to
see a movie are they here cuz they're
than a family outing are they here cos
gonna rush you know you get that you get
you infer all that stuff from the
initial observation very quickly and try
to try to like calculate as hard as you
can in there to make a connection as
fast as possible come off this genuine
and then you add in the the charisma
factor and I had to like work on like
not only explain the menu really well
but making the act of ordering food as
conversational as possible like don't be
the robot yes you ordered a number two
with the fries is that confirmed you
know you have to like conversational yes
he wants them to undo the mix-and-match
with the half rack of ribs so you can do
any flavor you want by the way if you
want to do the brown sugar person I'm a
big fan of the honey sriracha flavored
ribs if you light it do that I can
recommend that for you um if you want to
go a little more higher on the protein
you can get a memory grilled chicken but
rather have a little more of a cheat
thing I would say you can probably a six
ounce err length however you want comes
the butter on top and then along with
that you know you make it as
conversational as possible just really
flexing the food really really hard one
of them one of the tricks that I learned
really early
I don't know if he actually did this but
I feel like I read a quote at some point
in time that Abraham Lincoln what he
would do is every time he would talk to
a person he would try to remember one
fact about them and then their name and
then the next time you see them if you
bring up that one fact that you
remembered about them they felt like you
remembered everything and I I did that
for a lot of customers at the casino
wherever because every old person has
stories of their grandchildren sumption
I would always try to remember that I'm
gonna come in like a like you know your
grandson is born now right or hey like
how is he or whatever doing hey did you
guys end up taking that vacation and
people would love you for doing that
oh they eat it up dude they definitely
do yeah for sure for sure so via all
that was practice for the accidental
planning of the streaming thing because
in the beginning when I was a younger
streamer with 300 viewers and I would do
like the yoshi island mario speedrunning
that would get viewers in there but I
actually would I would reach my peak
viewership afterward because I was so
bad or the game demands much my
attention that I couldn't conversate
while playing I would sit there and like
have the controller can go along as I'm
my hidden I'm hitting all the buttons
really really fast my high APM and
everything and at the end of the game
was when I could then reach twitch chat
and answer questions and when I did I
was so I was so elaborative and overkill
on giving a detailed thorough nuanced
answer to every question they had that
it became like an amateur QA hour for
like an hour after I got so behind on
Twitter asking so many questions and
that's when I was hitting my peak view
count and so I realized that oh the me
being a waiter was training for me to be
an accidental good streamer yeah yeah
yeah so that was a funny that the whole
thing worked out in that retail also
humbles you to man cuz like you know
having me both having worked the
restaurant hell having worked retail you
know I can comfortably say I'm much
happier doing this compared to that and
I know what that involves I didn't even
get to this other part here to why I I
did have a genuine opportunity to come a
certified manager at Chili's in 2011 but
I I dropped it I did it for eight weeks
and I realized that i legit hate
corporate ladder climbing cuz it's all
lies and [ __ ] anyway like all of its
lies like all of its [ __ ] terrible I
would never want to do that ever again
yeah being on the being on the normal
grind
especially if you're working a lot
is a really really rough there are
certain parts of it I remember there are
certain things that are absolutely
soul-crushing the worst thing that I
experienced this was when I was putting
in the most hours for for working at the
casino which wasn't as often but then
when I started to do the carpet cleaning
the worst one of the worst feelings in
the world is coming home exhausted going
to sleep almost immediately and then
having to wake up and go right back back
doing that shittily for weeks and weeks
and months is the most dehumanizing
soul-crushing experience that a person
can ever [ __ ] feel holy [ __ ] it is so
[ __ ] bad yeah no okay so now you now
you got me triggered I gotta tell you
about it
they offered me a management
certification which was a it was a
eight-week trial where I had the comp
card I had the power of a manager I
didn't have to pay so I was getting paid
like 12 an hour to essentially manage
the restaurant along with another
manager like it wasn't like we were over
staffed right wouldn't have we weren't
competently staff with the appropriate
amount of managers once again the the
two-a-day and I was the much-needed
three of them we really needed minimum
four so I was now an active manager and
what quickly happened here was I had
non-negotiable 10:00 a.m. 10:00 p.m.
every day
that was the on-paper hours but that
never was the case cuz by 10:00 p.m. we
was it was a dumpster fire every night
we had walk outs we had comps to four
dollars plus and comps we had 45-minute
ticket times there should be 25 minute
ticket times at worst like dude the
whole thing like it was never like if I
left at 10:00 p.m. the restaurant was in
flames like there was no way I could
leave in good conscience because we had
we were sinking and I had to recover
somehow you know I mean so I am yeah it
was mega exhausting I would rarely leave
at 10 o'clock I would usually around
11:30 and you're right you you leave
11:30 to come home you smell like
[ __ ] fajita juice and salsa and
[ __ ] everything else I take a shower
I'm in bed before 1:00 a.m.
it's like I have to be up I have to be
on my way to work at 9:30 so I have to
be up at 8:30
dude I'm going to bed at 1:00 I'm
getting maybe seven and a half hours if
I'm lucky and here's the worst part
right you do that day in and day out
like you said here you
can you walk back in the restaurant and
it feels like a windowed prison you feel
like you're like dude this day is so
beautiful right now and I'm stuck in
this [ __ ] [ __ ] for another who
even knows how long 12 13 14 hours and
then not only that but uh my only
stimulant in the world was hearing the
other waiters who I used to be with now
I'm a manager I'm in a different
ecosystem now hearing the waiters gossip
about you know them going out going
clubbing you know whatever who [ __ ]
who whatever as well giant high school
the gossiping whatnot so the UH yeah my
only steaming of the outside world cuz
I'm not watching TV I'm not consuming
media I'm I literally go home and fall
asleep having them [ __ ] exhausted and
it's like there was a point where like
by the by like week six I am in Chili's
all day I come home I fall asleep I have
dreams about Chili's and I go to Chili's
again there was no escape even sleeping
was [ __ ] Chili's did it I my quality
of life plummeted so quickly I could not
believe how possible this was it can it
can drop so quickly it was it was
terrible I wasn't you having like panic
attacks and I was having like what felt
like claustrophobia
attacks of anxiety what being in the
restaurant I thought I was like [ __ ] the
walls are closing in on me a couple
times
y'all it mentally drains you to have to
go to table after table and just
apologize and get [ __ ] on when you
know it's not your fault you want to
fire everyone and totally your renovate
the staff but you don't have that power
it's like I I'm sitting here you expect
me to you know chisel this task you of
David with a [ __ ] nail and a nail in
my own bare teeth dude I was beating my
head against the nail against the
[ __ ] marble dude that's what it felt
like I need tools I don't have the
[ __ ] tools man yeah yeah yeah that's
what lets me saying a giant no cuz I
really thought yeah I'm gonna be a
manager at Chili's I'm gonna like you
know it's a Forbes 500 company Brinker
International the parent company of
Chili's yeah I'm a [ __ ] I'm gonna do
here kick-ass have a [ __ ] banger
resume and then two years ago my dip out
and get a better job that was my idea
back when I was like 22 and I was a
[ __ ] idiot back then cuz holy [ __ ]
dude [ __ ] that alright and this is like
this is kind of the [ __ ] that I talk
about where I say that like I feel like
college and everything is
for cuz like you have no idea when
you're 18 about [ __ ] anything like if
you could go back if you could go back
and how and they made you work from 18
to 20 and then starting at 20 you go to
college dude I feel like those would be
the best [ __ ] students in the world
if I could go back and redo school like
after having had to work or whatever or
even like read old parts of high school
I would be like a million times of a
better students like I am NOT gonna live
the rest of my life working these [ __ ]
ass [ __ ] jobs and be motivation yeah
holy [ __ ] you know like doing [ __ ] like
getting like spending a couple extra
hours a day like studying for buy a
better GPA or some [ __ ] is so much
better than the horrible [ __ ] future
of you know [ __ ] up College or
[ __ ] of my school whatever would be
so much better I'll do you one better I
actually like the Japan school system
where high schools optional like you do
middle school and then there's a high
school interest exam that you have to
like study your ass off for that
requires like a deliberate effort to
enter into and if you don't do high
school you don't have to if you want to
be you know whatever 15 16 and go into
the workforce and make [ __ ] money you
can if you want to or go to a trade
school of some sort um cuz I knew many
students who are completely unmotivated
in high school and were their own
because they had to be because they had
never been reinforced with the
real-world alternative of no higher
education and just being stuck working
dead-end job to a dead-end job living
check the check or whatever even if even
and then so I feel like high school
being optional and letting the arrogant
ones who to say you know [ __ ] school man
school [ __ ] way you know let them go
go to McDonald's man go work there let
me know how well that works out for you
after like year to Dano
so actually one look further into it but
uh at for my students this is generally
how the the Japanese school system works
is that high school is optional with an
entrance exam and then uh it gets
everyone make a motivated to to get into
it at that point
gotcha hey I don't know [ __ ] about the
Japanese system of doing things so yeah
but it is a fair critique though that
generally the because it's like
reinforcing the parents that most
usually the more than high school anyway
so like the the interest exam that
that's meant to deter people to like
appreciate high school generally do the
exam anyway so I feel like the the
effect that would have on the America
public would be would be much more
effective than it is now in the Japanese
public maybe I don't know it's how to
say just because there's so many other
problems here yeah I don't know yeah
you're right you're right education
paradigm is a topic I'd love to get into
another point in the future for sure but
uh but yeah so then um so you're you're
you're you grind you become a big a big
streamer successful streamer from
combination of Team Liquid grinding
everything else and then I blew up a
Mario maker when did we are we now good
to the point where we figure out when we
collide out of the podcast start yeah I
mean like I think we'd always like I
mean we've got a [ __ ] ton of Mutual's I
but I don't think we'd ever do I think
we must have spoken at some random
podcast like once or twice yeah I I
recall actually it was a before train
wreck stat the train wreck stuff podcast
uh Greek Greek had it Greek god X had
his own podcast prior and at one point
Greek had mean--you on together and I
was like oh [ __ ] I'm on the podcast with
the destiny holy [ __ ] dude I was kind of
fangirling a little bit mind a lot of
you and yeah we both bought the high IQ
to the podcast or some level of
productiveness to it I forget what
particular episode we were both talking
about a certain topic but yeah the
bromance and then the and the
complimentary nesting one another was a
strong from the very jump yeah that's
where it kinda started kind of yeah and
then the the big thing was probably the
the train wrecks podcast is where we
really talked tomorrow cuz I remember
the Greek god thing but I didn't know
you as well honestly I didn't I didn't
know if you were tracks or tryhard I
didn't even know what your stream name
was because I'd always seen like both
things and I didn't actually know 100%
for sure and I never watched any streams
ever so I'm like totally ignorant about
so much of Twitch's culture which felt
really dumb at the time but um yeah but
then I think more we talked more on like
the train wrecks podcast so then that's
what we kind of got to know each other
more and then flow to the idea of doing
like a more like just a little bit more
of um gonna say a try-hard podcast but
that's not really appropriate here I'm
more yeah like a structure like a
structured podcast yeah a little bit
more serious topic someone I am yeah the
biggest bromance actually member of the
episode it was the one where the the
Jacksonville shooting happened and we
had a big debate
with a you know me you me you I gots
kinda like it kind of feels like me you
burst asthma gold for a while there and
I think s Trent to but yeah and then it
kind of derailed to another have a topic
about the kneeling in the NFL and then
then we had to get on we have the like
school I think we kind of liked a tune
and we schooled him on a black lives
matter because they were disagreeing
with that yeah it had to do with the
thing that like oh well you know cops
shoot it was when it was an all lives
matter argument or it's like we'll wait
hold on these are black problems they're
problems that everybody has like yeah
and then it was like and then one of
those arguments were it's like show me
black show me cops running around saying
I hate n words if that's not happening
there's no racism but it's like oh okay
yeah alright yeah yeah and that's where
we like we like really like we tag-team
on that like an unplanned tag-team on
that on that debate tactic and then uh
yeah and then from there is like there
may be something here and then and then
the next thing that happened was a well
unfortunately a train wrecks got the
30-day ban and then there was no podcast
there's nothing like bringing us all
together so then we mean you did the The
Improv thing where we did that that
spawned that spontaneous five-hour
podcast of nothingness where it was like
me you and Licari and and mouton and
then um and then yeah that bat went well
we we proved that we had the chops to
like carry some kind of conversation and
production value into the podcast with a
structured topic list so then a couple
weeks later came the thing we're on now
the DT podcast yep man here we are six
episodes in yeah yeah and and with that
now now I know Destiny's a back story he
knows mine we know where we overlap and
I think this will lead to better
episodes from here onward because now we
have that that we have the synergy now
we also have the the bromance home there
yeah yeah all right do you have um we
could do question the end we're already
kind of over where I think we're like
two and a half hours right now so yeah
that's obviously if you have any like
final things or whatever you want to hit
on her um [ __ ] dude let me think your uh
final things about the about yes the
climate the climate unreal
I'm still an eternal student I'm still
learning to get better myself here with
the entire thing I'm very very new to
podcasting so I do try to work on a lot
of habits I know I repeat a lot of words
frequently so I'm working on uh
getting better elaborative on my
vocabulary and using less habitual
things I'm trying to get like testing
I'm trying to get like you man you're
like the Big Brother trying to get there
okay so yeah I mean I'm very yeah I'm
always working on my stuff dude and
reading shed and god I've been clicking
through some of these old posts that I
made on Team Liquid holy [ __ ] I used to
be so much more pure I feel so I feel so
dead inside you know what's funny mean
you actually have overlap there I am
when I was speedrunning back in 2011 one
of the regulars at Team Liquid actually
gave me a shout-out in one of the forums
and my first time ever getting a triple
digit view count I'm used to guys like a
2000 I have like a like a 35 to 40
viewer average and some guy was like yo
you gotta watch this guy he's crazy
yoshi island bro and um and I I uh he
gave me a shout-out on the forum and a
Team Liquid thread and I had hunch of
the viewers and these uh these Starcraft
boys were like there's no dude what's
this guy's APM man it's gotta be it's
gotta be [ __ ] crazy bro and then like
one guy just said you know it was gotta
be at least at 150 man I'm looking at
him right now he's going he's going
crazy on that controller bro and so
that's where the whole like I didn't
know that having a high APM and a
platformer was considered impressive I
didn't know any better so that's so
because of the some some Rando on on on
Team Liquid forum is when I came up with
the idea of bragging about having a high
APM for a for a controller platformer
and speedrunning sure so that was a
where that came from
yeah yeah yeah that's a I guess like a
final takeaway um something that I like
to kind of like it's it's a frameless in
a perspective I know that a lot of
people look at a I'll hijack triaxis
story a little bit here too I know that
a lot of people like to look at stories
like this and think that like oh you
know this is really cool um you know
like anybody can do anything and anybody
can become anything and blah blah blah
which is true to some extent what would
you shoot a large extent at least to the
US you know technically at any point of
time anybody could do anything but um at
least for my life and I'm sure Triax
probably agrees I was very close to
being you know [ __ ] for the rest of my
life like pretty easily you know the
fact that streaming worked out for me
was a lot of my own knowledge and a lot
of my own kind of talent and skill and
my perseverance but it was also a lot of
luck to you know
had I been born five years had I been
born one year earlier I probably would
have never been a streamer cuz the
technology just wasn't there was barely
starting and you know how they'd been
born five years later you know that
market might have been too saturated for
me to have ever gotten into it at all so
I you know I was very close to being
[ __ ] for like my entire [ __ ] life
it would have been [ __ ] horrible and
fit for every one person you see that
did make it there's probably you know
like five million more that are on that
grind perpetually that are completely
[ __ ] for the rest of your life so if
you're here if you already [ __ ] sorry
you're [ __ ] this message isn't for you
if you're not quite [ __ ] yet if you're
in school or whatever man [ __ ] focus
on your [ __ ] you know whether you have
to study a little bit more you have to
do something to carry that GPA or it
seems dumb now like man it really sucks
and it's not fair but you know the
choices that you make today you know
when you're going to college or if
you're still in high school even will
affect you for the rest of your life
even if it seems stupid even if you hear
older kids talk about hello high school
didn't mean [ __ ] you know high school
doesn't mean [ __ ] [ __ ] it doesn't
high school a [ __ ] grade school means
a lot like grade schools when you start
to get into those honors classes that
are gonna determine whether or not you
take AP classes in high school and high
school is where you're gonna get the GPA
and the score to get a scholarship and
scholarships are gonna determine where
you go to school what you study like man
that [ __ ] is important like [ __ ] it
seems dumb now but grind that [ __ ]
[ __ ] hard cuz you have no idea how
much different your life is gonna be
compared to [ __ ] your [ __ ] up in
college versus you know like applying
yourself just a little bit more and
trying hard and however [ __ ] you think
you are now you know going to college
and having to study more at least you've
got [ __ ] to look forward to you know
something I bring up a lot that a lot of
people you know I see a lot of people
run like poor experiments to see what
it's like to be poor the worst part
about being poor for me I can't claim to
speak for all poor people but the worst
part about being poor isn't falling
behind on your bills or you know um you
know even not necessarily having enough
to eat for a particular day or not being
able to buy anything I have your friends
the worst part about being poor is the
hopelessness it's the idea that you are
in a certain situation working a job
that you're never gonna get promoted at
with no ability to go back to school and
no ability to get hired for anything
different it's it's the it's the
absolute knowledge that for the rest of
your life you're going to be [ __ ] for
your entire life and that's like a
really hard thing to understand if
you're not quite in that situation yet
so [ __ ] do your best at school
and don't [ __ ] your [ __ ] up guys alright
stay in school and try a little bit
harder than you are now
okay I will do it on that because uh the
the importance of AP class the thing is
I think that's understated a lot here ap
Advanced Placement or and/or gifted
talented classes typically you have a
smaller classroom size when you're in
the gifted ap program and in general I
would say you're more it's easier to be
more productive in those classes usually
the teacher with an average like 25 to
33 student size classroom yet all the
bottom 20% of the kids are acting up and
being talkative disrupt interrupt and
derail the class frequently and when
you're an AP everyone actually gives a
[ __ ] and at that point you're just
you're able to infinitely move on like
you can get into like that I know you
don't
1 million percent true I remember the
difference because most of my classes
where I was on all like honors or AP
classes say for history I didn't take a
push or AP I think there was ap world
history AP your penis here I didn't take
any AP History classes and then we
always had our religion classes and it
was so crazy how many different faces I
would see in those classes that were in
none no count classes no [ __ ] any
chemistry none of that they were none of
those other classes but the ones that I
would seek those classes were so much
[ __ ] worse than my AP ones oh my god
not to [ __ ] on any of those kids I loved
go very much but like yeah yeah the
caliber person of those classes it was
much [ __ ] different holy [ __ ]
definitely mm-hmm yeah well what
actually let's talk about high school at
some point here too because I feel like
that's another one that gets another
another big thing is like high school
was terrible but it's a unique kind of
terrible that kind of like forms you for
like the kind of forms you in a weird
way for the real world but another time
another day though for sure am but yeah
I think I think I'm good here no we're
over time already here yeah yeah yeah so
sorry about the so we're gonna skip
questions this week guys soon yeah I
think well cats exam all right I don't
know if we're gonna do this next week I
do you know if you're available next
week the 26th the day after Christmas
say oh [ __ ] okay actually you know it's
weird about that I have a okay so my god
children I told them I would take them
and do things with them I can't really
do things with them on Christmas Day
because everything's closed like they're
gonna like want to go like to
books-a-million and read books it should
actually are they're all like big book
readers now so I'm thinking about taking
the moment 26 to go do [ __ ] yeah that's
fine I don't know because we're all be
moving and I don't know if I'll be set
up 100% to do things as well so yeah we
may we may or may not be back on the on
the 26 but well do you think he'll be
available in a second that's the day
after yeah yeah I'll be good I'll be
good there okay so you might say some
one week you might see us in two weeks
but thanks a lot for joining us this has
been episode 6 yes our filler we're
getting the filler episodes out of the
way real early and then yeah name it
have a guess we'll see stay tuned don't
check my Twitter because I don't have
one but um yeah we'll communicate our
streamer at every for sure man thanks a
lot of micro [ __ ] thank you everyone
yep have a good one guys later
