I'm doing good I'm doing good how are
you doing doing good doing good same old
same old so we can actually you know we
can follow up on what we left on
yesterday which was the sex with the mom
thing right sure and and basically you
said like yeah ten out of ten I would
you know you would win that that that
debate and I don't really agree with it
and I wanna I want to start by first you
know seeing the things something we
agree both on in order to build on that
because what I was trying to explain
yesterday but with the raw so it's very
hard it's basically but let's let's
first see if you agree with what I'm
saying here with this statement
basically when it comes down to the
truth the truth is defined by the
relationship with reality and and and
and that's it that's the truth like so
if you have a certain idea or a thought
and reality proves you wrong then you
have to review and and basically you
know change your hypothesis or whatever
do you agree with that or do you I think
I don't know if I would agree with that
so basically you can hold something you
can hold an idea or a thought that is
not in line with reality and still
assume it's the truth I guess it depends
on what types of truths were talking
about like so for instance I would say
like what about like fictional truths
like aren't these things that we could
technically change and invent like that
well like so if we believe in some
fictional concept we could change or
bend the truth to believe in a certain
thing or whatever if we wanted to so
what do you mean with that so basically
if you you're talking about a simulation
or something or a thought or an idea or
whatever so let's say we wanted to
imagine whether or not go tanks would be
able to defeat a vegeto in combat and
these are two characters that will never
meet like in the Dragon Ball universe
and like so hard to I don't know if
there's like an objective underlying
fact of the matter about like who straw
over here so there's no like truth claim
or there's no like underlying fact that
we could you know consult with to figure
out who's correct like but the thing is
like let's say imagine now like in a
setting where you would be able to
simulate it with in reality and in
reality it shows a certain outcome then
you can say like okay if I was you know
I was saying that Dragon Ball would win
but obviously he didn't win therefore
the the truth is that you know Goku is
stronger or would you say like oh yeah
we just run the simulation again and
then maybe Goku would win or would like
in which context would you basically
validate the the the the claim you make
in which setting with that with that
battle take place let's say you you
would want to you know validate the the
theorem you're actually trying to
propose because obviously you need to be
able to validate it else you're just I
mean so like to get I guess like to cut
to like that the the underlying point
like I kind of see what the argument is
going so like I'm not going to agree
that morality has some underlying fact
that we can consult with to figure out
if it's if it's a true or false
statement because I don't think morality
reduces to any fact of the world but so
but I mean like and for in so far as
like physical descriptive claims would
go I mean I would probably have to agree
that there hopefully is some underlying
fact of the matter so for instance if I
say like this object is taller than this
object and we understand that height is
a relation between two objects or taller
is a relation between two objects
hopefully one is physically taller than
another one as measured by length I
would agree that that is like an
underlying fact that hopefully we can
come to an agreement on but I'm not
gonna say the same about moral fact I
don't understand but like my discussion
is not so much about morality it's about
reality
okay sure I'm reality sure and the
relationship with reality because the
thing is what I try to explain yesterday
was that when you have a certainty room
right and you have a certain you come to
a certain conclusion and you try to
impose that ID on reality even though it
doesn't you know it's not compatible at
that time that that you're mixing the
two because the way to go about thing is
is looking at reality and then basically
use your
theories and your IDs to navigate it in
order to be able to be more compatible
with it rather than come up with your
own conclusions and then start imposing
it on reality in a way that you know
it's just incompatible and that is that
is that is basically the core so when
you say like I yet in in a scenario
where you have you know this information
like so basically you have consent
sexual consent and you have the
information over it like you have this
tea room and then you try to say like
okay because it makes sense in reality
therefore you know that has therefore it
has to also be the reality of things
it's that relationship that I was not
agreeing with and that's why when you
also start you know trying to define
what power relationship is or whatever
like at the end of the day it's about
looking at reality the reality of things
and basing yourself on that and when it
comes down to theories or understanding
or rhetoric or whatever it's always it's
always submitted it's always basically
following reality rather than leading
reality and and that's that's an
extremely important relationship because
what it then allows you to do is
basically adapt the way you look at
things and understand things and
constantly revise and improve based on
the reality so when you say for example
oh yeah it's fine to have sex with the
mother the reason why I disagree with it
is because like I don't disagree with
the actual you know like like there is
no such thing as objective morality
that's not what I'm talking about it's
about making a certain you know theorem
and just imposing it on reality even
though when you look at reality and
let's say people's culture or people's
beliefs it or whatever it's not even
compatible with this level of rationale
or this level of you know like advanced
rhetoric that you basically have a
conflict in reality and I'll give you an
even better example for example you come
to the conclusion like oh yeah drugs is
causing so many people to die and
or alcohol it's the alcohol because of
driving this and that and and also you
know the statistics delivered isn't that
okay let's make you know make it you
know to to have drugs to to have alcohol
what would like even though it makes
sense in a certain framework in reality
you would have riots people would start
you know buying in the black market and
stuff and it's basically that reality
that that contains all variables even
the ones you might not even think of
that that that basically overrides any
kind of rhetorical argumentation you can
build on and that's what should lead
rather than then an understanding or a
logical framework that you build that
Mike's look very rigid but then when you
put it in reality it just doesn't work
sure so let's back up let's wait wait
wait wait wait for my okay so the
example that you gave for whether or not
we're talking about drugs do they cause
people to die so that's like a normative
relationship let's see I'm sure alcohol
that's like a normative relationship
that we can look at do people die when
they consume alcohol right this is a
question that we can we can analyze the
underlying facts and we can figure out
is this does this happen but when you
ask a question like is it okay to [ __ ]
your mom when you say some whether or
not something is okay or not okay you're
implying some level of morality there
isn't morally acceptable to [ __ ] ones
alarm or not that's useless but that was
not the argument I was trying to make
what I was just trying to say is that
using a rhetorical argumentation and
imposing wait wait what let me I just
gotta be really clear so I'm not using
rhetoric at all I'm not using rhetorical
argumentation everything we're doing
here is purely deductive okay not
nothing here I'm doing is to try to be
persuasive there's no such a thing as
the deduction though what do you mean
reduction you have to leave a deduction
you absolutely do
what do you might believe induction
because there is no such thing as
absolute truth there is absolute truth
you pile by the virtues of logic we
believe that they're absolute truths if
I make a what what is what is your
fundamental truth sure so if I were to
say for instance like all men are mortal
and then I were to say Socrates is a man
we could deductively conclude that
Socrates is immortal right but but logic
would know because you're there's a lot
of hidden premises you just assumed with
what you said time your ability to put
it into words
your existence all these premises are
hidden premises and a lot of these are
probabilistic okay so are you familiar
that word the ultimate skeptic no this
is just inductive reason no no this is
an inductive reason so right now what
you're doing is you're playing a role
called the ultimate acceptor no no no no
no no no not no ultimate and skeptic
neither these words are difficult words
okay so what you're doing is it's a
position called the ultimate skeptic
we're basically any time I posit
anything you go why why why why why and
if you don't believe listen if you don't
believe in deduction we can't have a
rational conversation it is we can't we
can't have a you know we absolutely
cannot have a rational conversation and
you don't believe in deduction it's like
playing poker
you're not real you don't exist I didn't
hear anything you just said because I
don't believe in deduction you're not
real you don't exist I don't care you
don't exist your words don't mean
anything no it doesn't matter you don't
exist nope deduction I'm not I don't
believe in deduction you're not real
these are ridiculous this is we have to
be able to because it's not because
things are probabilistic that some
things are just 1 1 or 0 things are more
likely and things are less likely how do
you know something is probabilistic
because you measure it in reality tell
me the prime I want to hear how you get
from measuring something to making a
determination without using deduction so
go walk me through that process
well you just measure that things
popping but science how do you know the
measurement is valid but that's the
thing you don't know for sure that's why
it's in Dutch so what do you know you
just assume that this is likely to be
true and that is what you built your
case on ok that's exactly what science
there is not one scientist ok wait this
said we're in ok so real quick we're not
doing we're not doing nothing we're
doing right now is anything to do this
silence this is squarely within the
realm of philosophy ok we haven't we are
really far away from doing anything
scientific ok this is all the thing is
though like I've already built the
theorem that like the theorem that you
have to base the truth on reality if
reality show that we are probabilistic
and you can't even be sure about your
existence then you cancel yeah but
before and before we either saying these
are axioms and we built therefore this
has to be true because if there's hidden
premises you can literally you know you
can you can you can come to
false conclusion sure so when you have
like you don't understand that like even
when you say you have a theorem okay
that means that you're following some
list of deductive statements in order to
give you know these are you know if you
say if a do you think that you can ever
make a statement if a then B well within
an inductive within an inductive
framework yes okay so you're gonna have
to already accept I already have to
exist I don't disagree with that I don't
disagree with that okay but I'm not
gonna sit here and say everything past
your initial inductive assumption is
inductive things can be deductive past
that so for instance you and I both have
that it's not true because like when you
really go to the core you have to go to
the basis and there you can just say but
that's not how you have conversations
you don't go to the core on every single
question it doesn't make sense right
that's how I build then you can't have
any real conversation about anything
ever
okay no you can't yes I know you can't
because when you get if you drive a car
every day because if so you've probably
reasoned that like oh what causality is
probably a real thing which is a
deductive thing right oh you know like I
can turn a key the engine will turn and
these things will function the same way
every single day that's the thing that's
where all the that's where all the the
flawed conclusions come is when you just
assume things are deductive and are
absolutely well when you just zoom out
even bigger you see that it's inductive
on the core so you have to build it
based on the foundation of what you
think is true and if you base yourself
on the reality being the truth and only
the reality then you if you realize that
reality on itself is probabilistic base
yeah but you know based on just even
being able to know be sure you if you
want to get that fundamental then the
reality is is that neither of us even
have access to the truth so we can't
have a meaningful conversation right
it's not true because the how do you
okay well mate okay wait
I just want to Socratic Li follow this
treat can I just I just want to ask you
okay how do you know that you have
access to the truth but the thing is
there is we can you answer can you
answer that how do you know that you
have access to reality or that you have
access to the yeah you can't know for
sure
okay then how can we have any
conversation ever because very likely it
is the key you know it's likely
because you measure it you how do you
know that your measurements are likely
you're begging the question you're
saying well oh I can measure what you're
like because I can i can assume like how
can you assume that I rather don't exist
you get okay you get you all of these
assumptions are begging the question
it's completely circular and totally
vacuous I can just say with more like
leanness I think I can't say that you
don't know that sure how do you mean if
I were to ask a priest who's more likely
to win in an anime fight he could never
say like oh I would choose that guy
because it seems like if you know some
nothing about it Chris I'm talking about
me existing like would you say that it's
that it's more or less likely that you
exist and are having this conversation
right now is it more or less like I
would say that week yeah and we couldn't
make a statement one way or another we
have we don't have access that's not
true I would say it's more likely that
we have this conversation how do you
know you say it's less likely and that
is exactly why you know okay so what
what so what is the bit yeah so what is
the process okay by which you validate
that claim well my own existence my
experience which is what is that starts
with a D it ends with octave how do you
use your own existence to validate so
the entire foundation of everything you
do becomes deductive I'm just saying
it's likely that's all I'm not saying
it's sure okay but how can you know that
it's likely how can you have a
probability in mind for something that
you don't even have access to but I
don't understand like I do experience
what I experienced how do you know you
do because I experienced it
it's likely I'm not you keep you
answering in circles I'm asking you how
do you know that you experienced how do
you validate your own existence by but
the thing is no like you just exist and
and and you assume that you exist and
that's it I mean there is nothing more
to it I mean that's the foundation sure
everything okay sure I don't necessarily
disagree with you but what you're doing
is like okay so like would you agree
that like I can't say for sure
I sure did for sure but it's likely but
how do you know that it's likely you
keep wasting back there well it's
probably likely that makes it sound like
you're evaluating it in some way where
you can know like what is likely or what
is not likely what I'm happy okay okay
okay
okay I
about all the information you have in
your experience and obviously there is
much more speaking in favor of you
existing given and you're missing the
point you keep running past the question
I'm giving you how do you know the
experience that you're gathering is
reflective of reality or real you keep
running past it you're about to get
Cerreta you oughta said well it's more
likely its partner no no no that's not
asking the question that's another oh
that's a more fundamental question no no
no no no that's not true because the
first thing you need to do to even
experience a reality is to experience to
begin with because maybe all these
realities a dream so like the objective
reality or whatever you want to call it
is something that comes out of your
existence so you first have to agree
that you exist but if you can't be sure
that you exist then obviously you cannot
claim that what comes out of what you
experience is sure either but you can
just say since I feel like I'm having
this conversation right now and we're
arguing with each other it's likely that
is happening but I'm not sure haven't
you just adjust your do it again I don't
think we can get out of this like pit of
like uncertainty like you keep saying
like since I'm having this conversation
you're assuming your experience is valid
but you have no way of knowing that
you're okay I'm just saying it's more
likely how do you know it's more likely
you keep asking the same question you
can answer I ask you how do you know
it's more likely like well because I'm
having these experiences how do you know
your experience are real well because
it's more likely how do you know it's
more likely well because I'm having
these experiences do you see how you're
running around in a circle
no because it's the foundation of what
you build on it's like you just you you
you you build on what you think is true
and you go like okay I assume that my
existence is true but I'm not sure and
that's all and you can select yeah but
how sure are you that you exist since
I'm making the argument and we're having
this conversation
I assume it's more likely than less
likely but maybe that's not the case
okay
certain that it's more like sure so
mislead I think we actually I think we
actually agree so I so I'm gonna phrase
this the way that I would phrase it
rather than saying that like there's a
probability that I exist above a ball
what I would say is that like to believe
in anything else would lead us to
absurdity I can't have reasonable
conversations or have a reasonable
existence if I think that I don't exist
that's absurd right that's what I would
say but so like but if we rest
everything on that foundation
assumption okay if we rest everything on
that one premise that we exist okay and
we start building from there right that
initial statement that we exist right
would you agree what is inductive how
are you and how are you inducting that
from nothing well inductive reasoning is
you you you you you don't state absolute
truths it's just an assumption that's
all but what is doing okay but what
you're missing is for me to make an
inductive for me to make an inductive
statement ordered it to engage an
inductive reasoning I have to have some
experience that I'm using to make these
inductive investigations I can't start
with nothing and get to abduct induction
induction necessarily follows from
deduction like I can't but I can't
induct from nothing nothing can induct
nothing but is that the thing is the
induction on itself is you have you have
assumptions where you build another
assumption that is more likely but you
can't know for sure sure that's what
inductive reasoning is deductive
reasoning is you have absolute truths as
premises and you derive and absolute
truth that's what the doctor breathing
is since your fundamental premise which
is I assume that I exist let's have a
conversation is an assumption everything
else is just induction there is no such
that's not how that works though well
just like I just explained you know but
you're missing no if you don't
understand how you can contextualize
statements so for instance let's say
that I do have some it okay so like
here's something that's that's a
statement okay Harry Potter is not real
okay that is a fact
the or I hope you agree with that right
Harry Potter is not real okay however
well even that I would say it's an
assumption okay like you can't you can't
be for sure that that's the case sure I
mean like what you're this is what
you're likely sure damn like what you're
playing is like this is like an
ultimately skeptical position like
there's I can't can go to any of your
arguments like I can it's fundamental to
to any kind of rhetoric to understand
that there is no such a thing as
deductive reasoning that everything is
probably like it's just probabilistic
and it's a sum
and the moment you start building on
absolutes you're already you know
basically screwing up on the foundation
and you said it yourself yeah you gotta
assume you exist because else why do we
have a conversation so you actually
agree with me yeah I mean I don't
disagree with you of course but just
because I acted then the claim that you
said there is deductive reasoning is
flawed because no I'm just because you
agree
just because you would say a fundamental
level is fictional or subjective doesn't
mean that every statement that you make
afterwards is fictional or subjective so
you can basically make these assumptions
without existing without the assumption
of existing no no what I'm saying is
that past a subjective starting point
you can start to make objectively true
statements with reference is how math
works this is literally what our entire
reality is based on you know let me tell
you something even with maths right
there is like when you talk about logic
or math or whatever there has been in
the in the history of math there has
been there has been changes in the way
we think in logic even when it comes
down to logic on itself there is you
know different schools like for example
the actual mess where when you have two
points and all almost all geometry is
built on this you can only have one line
that crosses two points right since
space and time is actually bended that
is not true anymore that Exuma is not
true anymore yeah this is your your
horrendously conflating physics with
mathematics okay there are mathematical
models for geometry that have nothing to
do with the physical reality that we
inhibit and space-time does not change
the way that we do like math at least
these are things like
you have to you have to understand that
land that that boils down back to what I
said earlier when you want to understand
the truth it's a relationship with
reality so if reality shows that our
understanding of two points only having
one line that can cross it is wrong is
actually wrong then obviously we have to
review our math which has happened many
times in history math is not an absolute
you know correct science you can you can
never said that math is an absolute
correct science I'm just I can improve
on it you can improve on it okay
just focus on this one statement cuz if
you cause if you disagree this I can't
you can go talk to like a philosophy
major something cuz I can't I can't I
don't know how to convince some of those
never try this before okay you have to
acknowledge that you can start from some
subjective foundation and make
objectively true statements with regards
to that subject stop can I finish an
example please so here would be an
example of this okay here would be an
example of this I can give you two
examples okay here's a really basic one
okay all bachelors are married that is a
deductively true statement by virtue of
itself a bachelor axiomatically is
defined as a person or are all bachelors
are unmarried okay a bachelor is defined
axiomatically as somebody without a wife
okay so we can conclude that if you are
a bachelor you are unmarried right now
even if all of reality is subjective we
can still say that that is a deductive
objective statement or we can make the
statement Dumbledore defeats Voldemort
in a magical battle right that statement
is deductively true even though the
Harry Potter world is fictional that
statement is still a deductively true
statement and we can blow this out to
science and mathematics and everything
else as well even if we start with a
subjective foundation we can still make
objectively true States this inductive
objective statement incites a
hypothetical what it's an objective
deductive statement within a
hypothetical one yeah but we understand
everything to sit within the context of
some statement or within within some
greater context every statement we make
is theirs I feel like when it comes down
to reasoning you go to make sure that
you have all the hidden premises as part
of your yeah we do this with every
statement that we make so what we do
this with every single statement we make
there's a woman yes we do okay I just
said that everything is fundamentally
inductive and you said no it's deductive
within a small what I'm saying is that
we can text your light here's a question
when you drive in a car how fast do you
think you move on average well I like I
would assume let's say 40 miles an hour
whatever you're totally wrong you're not
even close you move closer to like a
thousand miles an hour because the earth
is rotating okay yeah well you
it's relative yes yes that's my operate
you just said my whole point it's
relative it's all relative when we make
some statement some deductively true
statement we usually saying it within a
context of some other logical system
that we're hearing - that doesn't mean
that when I say something is deductively
true but the foundation of it is like
inherently justified or deductively true
or zone I make the claim that it's
absolutely true that I'm driving 40
miles an hour while you were claiming
that these things are absolutely true in
the context that is you know a part of a
hypothetical and I said if you zoom out
you start suddenly falling down because
the reality shows you wrong cruzi wrong
and if you want to have a relationship
with the truth you have to have a
relationship with reality yeah but okay
so like let's focus on this so let's go
this is my point let's focus on this
right here how would I ever determine
the speed of anything in the universe
but it's always relative exactly but
that's my point but there's still a
speed even though the speed of anything
in the universe because there's no
universal frame of reference unction
no no no no stop saying it's an
assumption even though the frist because
this time is space even exists we don't
have to get to do nothing we're talking
about has anything to do with quantum
mechanics okay but like if you want to
state the truth and absolute truth then
it's important that no one is talking
about an absolute truth here we don't
state absolute truth that's not hope
normal conversation or even scientific
conversation functions we don't talk
about absolute truths but you said
earlier that there was absolute truth
when did I say that I've never said I
said you can make deductive statements I
would never say there's an absolute
truth I don't believe in absolute truth
like I am also ultimately skeptical the
difference is is that I don't bring my
ultimate skepticism into every single
conversation because it only exists at a
fundamental foundational level and to be
ultimately skeptical below up about
everything leads you down absurdity so
it's pointless to have any conversation
with somebody that's going to be the
ultimate skeptic about any given
conference I know but I'm not an
ultimate skeptic you're trying to twist
my words
what I'm just trying to say is it's not
because things are probabilistic on a
fundamental level that you cannot say
this is way more likely than this
because you can't because you can't have
knowledge of that you don't know how
likely it is that you exist or don't you
just can't happen you have no
information about that you have to make
a totally business to build no you but
yes but you can't inductively reason
that foundation you have nothing to
induce from that's not how inductive
reason works inductively reasoning
something is you gather some amount of
information and you make a probabilistic
claim towards one thing or another
you can't start from non-existence and
induct your way to existence it doesn't
work that way let me tell you inductive
reasoning starts with assumptions and
then you build an assumption on it but
you're starting from non-existence in
fact I didn't say that through inductive
reasoning I got to the point where I
assumed that I exist I just say I assume
at that I exist is the first premise
within my inductive reasoning that's all
I'm not saying how I got to there that's
just the assumption I made damn it okay
that language that you use is fine I
agree with that
I also assume that I exist but then but
I don't inductively reason that I exist
I don't have the capability of doing
that as do you neither we do we cannot
in we cannot use a probabilistic thing
but then that's miscommunication what
I'm just trying to say is on a
fundamental level
assuming that you exist is a hidden
premise in every single claim of course
yeah I agree 100% because you can't
justify every deductive reasoning that
you do fundamentally in depth no this is
inductive yeah one of the premises in an
assumption if you have a different like
what a plus B is C and C plus D is F and
G is you know you don't know right and
now like when you deduce something out
of it to make sure that everything is
true right you go to make sure like I
can't be sure of everything I say
because G is an assumption I understand
what you're saying but you have a
fundamental misunderstanding of like how
you make logical statements I don't mean
like your illogical or irrational but
you just you just don't understand like
how you how like what how you can make
inductive or deductive stems to be
saying this like every single like I
promise you you don't if you pull an
any philosophy major anybody they will
explain in better words than I can why
whatever I just think for myself there's
like it's parent I understand managed to
find a solution it's like I don't care
what the first stage it's they don't
have that they don't have the the the
holy grail of reality or the truth
Sherman if that was the case we would
have already figured out every sure it's
all self thinking a critical thinking
and the fact that there is an assumption
in your premises within your deductive
reasoning makes it inductive okay go to
go go to anyone and ask yeah sure hold
on
go go and ask and any philosopher they
would say like others a there is an
assumption in your deductive reasoning
they need something that deductive
anymore then it's inductive well go
ahead I know this is true what I just
said okay hold on see if I can bother my
my Hegelian friend no wake him up I
don't know he's awake right now but um
that should be like the that should be
like the particular statement that you
should uh you should ask somebody
usually like hey like if I believe that
ultimately like the foundation of
reality is like subjective or whatever
or inductive does that make every single
type of logical statement afterwards
inductive kind of is impossible to have
deductive statements um so you're gonna
ask a random guy and then he's gonna
tell you the no I'm not asking random
guy this is like my Master's closet
ready but like I'm just saying that what
I can't think for myself and your
statement is absurd like would your
statement if there's an inductive
argument in your deductive reasoning
then it's not deduct of any man any more
if there's an inductive premises premise
then it's not productive anymore and
that's it yeah and I disagree with our
simple logic it's not simple logic don't
wait wait don't say it's simple logic
because what you're doing is not
followed by anybody that studies logic
okay nobody would agree with you there
like this is athene logic is what you
would call this okay that is not true
this is athene logic yes if you add an
inductive premise in your deductive
reasoning it's not deductive anymore
it's inductive you do I have to read the
definitions of inductive and deductive
reasoning for you to to make this
connection it's just because it's hidden
it's but no no but every single premise
isn't hidden
every single argument that's not a valid
way of interpreting things this is some
weird way that's like saying if I say
like well one plus one is two and you go
ah but to say one plus one is true you
must first assume the premise that you
exist and that we're having this
conversation no that's not how that's
not how in any of this works that's why
my logic is way ahead because what I'm
just saying here it's true okay the
hidden premise is you have to assume you
exist and that is one part of it and a
lot of times when people come to wrong
conclusions
it's because they miss on premises when
they make their their rhetoric that's
the problem and that is also what I'm
trying to say even at the start with the
6 and the moment thing I said if you
create you know your own little bubble
and you base yourself on that right to
say this is the truth and then you apply
it on reality even though with in
reality it wouldn't you know it wouldn't
work that you're doing it the wrong way
you have to lead by following reality
and then come to your conclusions rather
than having your own you know deductive
little bubble that is you know that is
that the tech can be flawed and then you
know imposes on reality that's that that
is the problem that's that is what is
the the real superior Rictor okay okay
you know I'll even I'll bite despite how
ridiculous this is I'll bite how is that
a problem let's say for instance I want
to evaluate who is stronger in some
given video game ok what problems do I
run into if I don't make sure to check
that I'm like assuming my whole
existence while I'm making this argument
or having this debate with somebody what
problems do I run into well you just you
just know that it's it's it's
probabilities that's how does that
change anything well it's very
interesting because a lot of people like
let me tell you why this is very
interesting and this comes then boils
down to the psychology of how people
work when people go through life and
they think very emotionally they think
binary things are either true or not
true
but when I am I started a new call [ __ ]
cuz I dragged some of them is this what
Ram feels like we need the base of me I
don't I sort of God I don't pull up like
the inductor or I don't pull up the The
Skeptical should though for every
argument holy [ __ ] do you think Athena's
just been talking to himself for like an
hour right now
Oh oh [ __ ] oh wait hello I'm sorry okay
okay okay
no no wait where is he okay Marty you
hit you do this one okay okay kill me
okay go okay a sent your argument to
Marty he's read all seven Wikipedia
articles on this topic go
okay Marty so basically can you have a
deductive argument when one of the
premises is inductive well one of the
premises is inductive yet what he's
saying is like every single deductive
argument you make starts from the
inductive premise that you exist so
therefore it no person can make any
deductive argument ever because the fact
that we exist is like figured out
inductively he didn't premise in every
single deductive argument you trying to
make and since there is an inductive
argument in your deductive argument you
can deduce for sure any more I don't
understand so what do you think that you
would empirically get like Moniz ponies
or modus tollens what does seem to be
I'm just talking about logical
inferences that seem to be rational
right so my question is do you know what
inductive is right you you you you you
have a matter of like well what I'm
asking is like what about the statement
that you know men are mortal Socrates is
mortal Socrates is a man being and so
like when you when you make that premise
there is a hidden premise saying you
need to exist to make that statement to
begin with yeah but that's not
disclosing deductive statements sister
saying that you need to experience
something in order to make deductive
statements well yeah and in order to
experience it has to be part of the
premise you cannot just remove that
premise
you cannot just remove information
because it could be something can be
dependent upon experience and still be
independent from it that's okay
tell me what give me one example well I
mean you could have geometrical
mathematical logical proofs that are
like if you wouldn't exist you wouldn't
be able to make that claim
the point is is that these claims would
be true without any particular existence
and there how are you how can you make
that claim if you don't even exist you
don't have to exist in order to have
certain but based on what are you saying
that these are just these are just
necessary claims no man based on what
you're making claims based like you need
to exist in order to make these claims
you can't say I can make these claims
without existing and they are to without
any existing that that is that is that
it's completely [ __ ] real quick my
name's my way but why it's before wait
wait my before you suffer more almighty
my team ready this is bait I'm correct
like this is like the ultimate skeptic
right like wait wait I'm just asking
Marty this is like this is the ultimate
skeptic position right no but I mean
like the basically continually question
every single thing you possibly say
until like meaninglessness is like sorry
not even addressing my point and you're
coming and trying to make call me stupid
and then you call yourself being a smart
phone come on man but I'm just saying
you didn't just call me stupid you you
basically deflected the argument by
calling me stupid like come on well
that's that's what I heard maybe you
know your argument it's not at all
awesome I Larkin felt the person if
they've answered the argument if there
is an inductive premise within your
deductive reasoning can you still call
it deductive that's a very simple
question like saying all the things
arise all things arise from experience
that does not follow that they
necessarily cannot be independent of
experience cannot you get that you are
you're right you're right necessary
indeed but you can't know for sure
well necessary statements are ones that
are going to be of a certain type of
certainty yeah so they're now
infallibility and something being I mean
you you having the capacity of you know
being wrong sure that doesn't render
their necessity void just because you
can be wrong about something but what
I'm just saying it's like
if you don't know for sure then you
can't use it as a as a premise that is
true within your deductive reasoning you
just said well I don't know what your
criterion of justified true belief is
what do you well I'm just saying since
you assume that since you since I start
with the assumption that I exist right
then every single claim I make while I
exist which requires me to exist to make
the claim is fundamentally having the
hidden premise that I assume that I
exist in it so if I build an absolute
you know deductive reasoning it's always
within a bigger inductive framework
making like I don't even know if you
know what the predication of existence
means so I don't know where you're
getting well do you do you agree that
you can't say for sure that you exist no
I think that existence is just sort of a
trivial fact that is seen in all forms
of you know fact so you say that facts
are you know absolute as well well I
don't know what you mean by absolute do
you mean that I can't be wrong then no
do I have justified beliefs in them then
yes know what I mean with absolute is
that it holds to be true and is truth
for everything and everyone okay that's
just the necessary statement and that's
why I think that there are necessary
statements yeah I think logical
geometric and mathematical proofs and
then certain types of metaphysical
beliefs like being is existences I can
use certain types of concepts like
reality negation ever made all these
things all these things you can be sure
about I can't be sure about them sure
account you can be sure about them yeah
but I think I think you can provide an
argument of why certain types of
concepts originate for more primitive
concepts and then so on and so forth
ah and do you do when we build on all
your trainer part they don't build on
the foundation of you assuming that you
exist I think existence is a type of
predication that actually comes from
some other more primitive concept okay
what is the moment
more primitive concept then exist I
think being indeterminate being and then
moving from indeterminate being to
determinate being so what do you mean
within dirt into a in dirt an
indeterminate being what do you mean
with that okay sure I can explain but I
told destiny I could only be here for
about two to five minutes because I'm
playing a game of D&D oh mighty but
indeterminate but indeterminate being is
basically all indeterminate being is
basically what's known as immediate and
immediate and what is it immediacy and
[ __ ] try to remember the other one
real quick atop my head
so the that that is not an assumption
that holds to be true hold on yeah so in
indeterminate and immediate that's the
list of criterion is indeterminate being
so something that's determinate is a
positive claim of some sort of quality
right so what I want to start making
more terminations about like any object
we're making emanation determination
right yeah but there is no in determine
yeah there is no determination on
something that's indeterminate it's only
without any determination and its
immediate because it's not mediated and
virtue of something else so we begin
presuppositional ously in this type of
philosophy and then we see from this
presuppositionalist philosophy other
types of qualities arise from it so
right now we would be in the like mary
ingram indeterminate was absolute and
what was true and and and then you
suddenly jump to the determinate one
understand about it what is true
indeterminate see what i haven't jumped
to the determination I've just merely
stipulated that it's going to eventually
occur I have a good leg
so my question is about this
indeterminate state right like that you
say is to be true right right that holds
to be true right
yeah when in the beginning of her
philosophy no but like your time but in
the beginning of your philosophy but if
we're talking about being able to even
exist to begin with so now we're not
we're talking about being but you need
to be you need to exist to have this
conversation right if I don't we're not
talking about us we're talking about
apprehending being and it's
indeterminate and immediate for and you
can may you're basically using the
hidden premise that you exist to have
this entire conversation no you don't
you can work here wait mighty muddy so
what he's saying is like every single
word you're saying is predicated on the
fact that you exist and since that
existence is subjective every single
statement that you make afterward saying
that we can't even if we're going with a
completely presuppositionalist
philosophy we're not assuming our
existence we're not assuming our
cognition yeah but since Athene himself
doesn't subscribe to that he would say
that you're necessarily like you have to
have an experience for instance before
you can have a conversation if he wants
to do that right philosophy is less
presuppositionalist than mine because i
don't assume any of that but if you want
zoom that then we could we can forward
we can afford to what's basically called
the transcendental argument what she's
arguing you know there are necessary
things like to stipulate any judgment of
the world you can't you need to
presuppose existence then I could just
say okay well we need to presuppose
other necessary concepts in order to
make sense of any judgments right so
like what I'm just trying to say is that
what I'm trying what I'm trying to say
is that you can be absolutely true your
conclusions conclusions can be
absolutely true look I don't know if you
know what the distinction between
absolutely true and true is I don't
think that you're making any sense when
you can when you make those contrasts do
you know what truth is do you know what
knowledge is do you know what it
believed you have to define these words
you have to define these words yeah but
do you define them yeah damn straight
what I define as truth is what is you
know what is what what is based on what
I believe is true which is defined by
reality and what I defined by
yeah is what you can laugh I mean like
what I like come on Marty you dumbass
truth is it's obviously what is it real
come on Marty might be so dykes no but
what I'm just saying here like it's like
if he falls his philosophy classes yeah
but he's just also said truth is
whatever I just said no that's not true
I say it's based on a reality and and
then I'm gonna define reality reality is
what hopes to be true independent of
what I experience not experience what I
feel or believe such as gravity and it's
you know what I observe of course I
can't be sure that these things are how
do you distinguish between a belief and
a justified true belief well like it's
it's all about probabilities you can be
sure you can no that's not what I'm
asking I'm not asking about
probabilities I'm asking how do you know
whatsoever if you're going to say that
everything is dependent upon your
experience for its existence it's not
just saw lips is oh no no that's not
true because I say I'm building on the
assumption that I exist and within that
assumption I can sell see all this is
more likely to be true then and then
this and basically they observing
reality based on them and you just said
reality is all in your head so I don't
understand so how does what's the
distinction between some you oh no no
then that means you didn't listen I
didn't say reality is all in my head I
said that without the assumption that I
exist but without my existence I
wouldn't be able to know whether there
is a reality that would exist outside
there at all that's all I'm saying but
maybe there is maybe there is a reality
even when I don't exist I'm not I'm not
saying just I'm just saying there is no
such a thing as something that I can say
for sure to be true that's all that's
literally the only thing I say and
because of that everything is condemned
and inductive that's all okay well that
doesn't that doesn't follow it all but
my suggestion with this dystiny is with
people like this I would just ignore
them wait wait can I can I ask you a
simple question I just want you to have
a question money
mark mark mr. mark wait wait wait
because what he's trying to do there is
just like he's trying to make me look
like a joke or whatever because it is
some philosophy degree or whatever the
[ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ] look I turned
five dollars he more than $300,000 with
poking listen wait now hold on now
you're engaging a whole bunch of
fallacious stuff none of us logically
follows
this is this matters because he's just
trying to make me look like an idiot
I raised more than 25 no you can raise a
lot of money and still be
philosophically illiterate though I
don't know how much Bill Gates knows
about philosophy to do it I'm not an
idiot that doesn't know what I'm talking
about I'm very intelligent person and
when he just comes and tries to predict
what I say by just you could be very
intelligent and still be wrong about
philosophy this is doesn't logically
follow right or wrong about philosophy
this is about him trying to deflect my
argument when ad hominem saying that I'm
a nice not deflecting it with an ad
hominem he's saying as the statements
that you're making are logically in
congruent they're not even wrong they
don't even follow from one another is it
there's a difference between deflecting
someone's argument and saying they're
wrong in virtue of them being dumb and
then just calling a person dumb right I
just think you are dumb not based off of
what your [ __ ] inferences are because
I've given you an argument against those
inferences that's not true like you
haven't addressed my argument at all
that's [ __ ] no then I don't know
what you're talking about you shouldn't
talk to Marty any more because he's dumb
you should just ignore him yeah but
marty has like a logic marty has ideas
that I can grapple with in like a
reasonable logical manner you're telling
me that like everything is subjective
because I don't know if I exist and
therefore everything is subjective like
there's nothing I can do with that
there's nothing left to think about sure
that might might my main question though
is just said like even if we agree
because because honestly because you
know this about me Marty I actually do
agree with the themes fundamentals here
I just don't like blow them out to
everything but even if we do agree that
ultimately like we can't necessarily
like validate our existence I could
still make like a deductive statements
past that point right like I could
deductively say like your like your
example any any kind of mathematical
statement or any kind of statement
that's deductive that you like I can
still employed adduct of reasoning past
like some subjective starting point
right yeah I mean look you can't
generate any form of logical inference
from empirical from
mirakl experience right weather modus
ponens romona stolons is going to be
true is going to be independent of any
experience right if we can logically say
something like all men are mortal
Socrates is a mortal and Socrates is
therefore a man right this form of
inference that we've generated this
logical conclusion isn't going to be
guaranteed from any experience any
empirical evidence we just know that
type of inference to be valid right
because that's its logical form and we
realize it's logical accesed 'ti okay so
yeah that's all I care argue if he wants
to argue against all these types of
things like I don't know how he's going
to argue them without presupposing the
logical valid structure of you know at
least I guess classic logic so Marty
Marty Marty like it's not because things
are fundamentally we'll talk about some
other time if you think please like
before you come and talk back don't
don't just put me off as an idiot
because that's very disrespectful and it
just shows very little integrity in your
way of going about things and I look I
mean with the principle of charity but I
you know I don't think that there's
anything wrong with the simulator in a
locker sometimes isn't it and you know
he's you know like if you're arguing
with people when you're saying that's
just a way to deflect it because you
don't know what to say man and that's
your that's your go away car to deflect
when you when you're getting yeah well
my go rate card right now actually
crushed that's what you say oh he's an
idiot come on man if you really want to
argue and debate bring your arguments on
the table don't do some cheap trick like
that that shows very little integrity go
play your game I don't mind I'll keep
talking to this thing because you just
you just you just don't want to be like
go play your game it's fine I'll have a
conversation with destiny here I'm an
idiot it's fine go okay thanks is that
the guy you called is that your little
little friend that you call for help
when you won't know how to respond to me
look how Allah can't even have a proper
debate it's unbelievable it's ridiculous
calling me an idiot and saying like
don't
I talked with this guy
un-fuckin'-believable man you got an egg
what's up um I find it's a bit it's it's
just crazy how how certain people when
they you know when they just don't know
what to respond to just go like easily
do you don't talk to him like come on
man that's so that that's really that's
not how you have a debate I don't say
that to you listen even if you say of
course not but you're you have like
motivation to be here like you're
something to gain from this conversation
so I wouldn't expect you to well even if
I even if I wouldn't have anything to
win from this conversation I would still
not you know just call you an idiot and
have that as the sole argument while I'm
not talking to you because you're an
idiot I wouldn't do that I would just
try to address and show the
inconsistencies in what you say and and
and use that like hey look that's where
you [ __ ] up not you're an idiot don't
talk to him it's just like what the [ __ ]
is that that is very narrow-minded
talking and he knew it he knows it he
knows it very well he just he's just
used to always be the smart guy in the
room and he just got 'told and he didn't
know what to say so he just called me an
idiot and started talking with some
difficult words trying to talk himself
out of it he didn't know the answer to
your question bro and that's the
philosopher what is it the PhD fellow
feel whatever the [ __ ] he is does it
worry you that like um does it worry you
that you feel like or do you ever think
it's strange that like you think you're
so smart and you figured out so much a
philosophy of life but you have no idea
what like other contemporary
philosophers kind of like say on the
matter
do you ever get worried that but I don't
mind sitting on the table and listening
to their views and everything yeah but
like if you haven't you does it not
worry that you that you could be wrong
about everything and you'd have no idea
like how do you verify oh I know how do
you know though that I could be wrong
about everything well but why not spend
some time seeing what like other people
have to say on a given subject rather
than just assuming you're correct about
like every good that's the thing I don't
I'm not in the phase where I try to
validate my thoughts or IDs because I've
actually grown out of it I'm focused on
reality and having an impact in the
world because that is way more important
than some tralala in a room it's like
like that's that's what what like really
defines you know our ability to even
have this conversation the technology
the the the luxuries we have without
hard work without people you know
providing for these things you wouldn't
even be able to to have this
conversation that's what I focus on I'm
just focusing on actual impact in the
world and I don't discuss or debate so
much at all like the only reason why I'm
having this conversation is because like
it's because I have I have a freakin
journalist that is trying to cancel me
and I have an interview on Wednesday and
it would be good that people tuned in
that's that's the reason why I even went
on the raw show because nowadays people
can tell your lies and get me bad that
got banned already lost and for lies
truly lies and you saying that to girls
you know two girls that escaped didn't
help by the way and I don't even know
why you said that like because every
person because the two people have
targeted that have come out everything
described it as being like a pretty
weird and you have to admit that your
setup is like very exceptional like not
a necessarily a good way escape from
this place well I clarified after I
don't think you hold people there like
physically against their will like they
have to literally like climb a fence to
get out or whatever I did clarify that
afterwards but the people that have come
out of your place that talked to me
afterwards and said that your there's
like a lot of kind of strange stuff the
way that you guys run things but you
have to admit that like you're the way
that you have things set up is pretty
[ __ ] weird right like the last time
we talked it like several years ago even
I don't know how long ago was you tell
me that like clicking would be like a
worldwide phenomenon within one year and
this was like several years ago I mean
obviously it hasn't happened I mean I
don't know it's hard to tell like what
like you just came in here and you just
said that like your goal is to just
raise money for people if that's your
goal that's great then just do that why
do you have to have like the cult
philosophy and everything behind it as
well like just raise money for people
like no and then my goal is not to raise
money for people what is your goal then
my goal is to have the most effective
impact in the world what does that mean
well like real quick okay I want you to
fully describe this I have to do like
another podcast in four minutes I don't
wanna sound like I'm like running with
me but so fully describe what you mean
I'll give it I'm giving you like the
last word of us when you say you won't
have like the biggest impact on the
world what is like your dream in terms
of like how you can basics the way I go
about things is based on the feedback of
reality so I cannot absolutely state
this is what I want for sure what I can
just do is be flexible and at any given
moment
figure out what is the best thing I can
do right now I think one of the best
things I can do is organize ourselves
and grow as a group and figure out what
projects we can do that has the biggest
impact and you know we we try to have a
blockchain project in Uganda we try to
also have a mobile game to raise funds
and what I would like to do is you know
basically even replicate the ability of
having self-fulfilled self-sufficient
communities that in developing worlds
that work on giving back to the world
and I don't want to define what that
exactly is because it's a it gets shaped
based on on the feedback loop of reality
I can't just say like how but in essence
we just keep moving keep moving and and
evolving as a species maybe you know in
a hundred years we won't even be humans
anymore it's very hard for me to say
like my ultimate goal is this like I
just try to be as flexible and as
impactful at any given moment based on
the knowledge I have and I'm just very
flexible in that okay gotcha all right
well listen I got a bunch of summer to
do they like twitchcon is coming up but
we can talk more in the pitch if you
want if your mind just poke me on just
for a second I'll hold you to that and
we can talk another time and maybe Marty
can come there in the conversation well
and be a little bit more you know
open-minded to to challenge his beliefs
but yeah I'm glad that you that you had
this call and that we had this fall and
yeah like that's it I'm on your stream I
won't say I can give a shout out but I'm
on your stream so either way yeah that's
it like I would say hit me up and if
people want they like these kind of
conversations we can talk about anything
definitely with my mobile game coming
out soon a clash of streamers calm I
don't think I would say no to these kind
of debates because it promotes the the
mobile game like crazy so but of course
you have to see if you're fine with that
okay sounds good all right okay see you
man all right I'll see you later bye bye
oh ho God is this what it was like I go
with me
REM in the early days holy [ __ ]
[Music]
