hello everybody and welcome to of dice
and man how are you guys doing today
doing well how are you
I am excited since lost I saw you guys
three inches of snow have dumped on
Colorado a winter wonderland out there
is no smell here mm-hmm
it's nice Oh our trees are leaving over
cuz I can't take the weight of the snow
oh yeah anytime I go to travel I want to
like look up like what is the weather
and I see like it's like 40 degrees and
I'm like what is happening around the
planet but I'll it but now that I live
in California like the weather's nice I
call here yeah my my brain is not ready
like I was looking at weather in Reno
and it's like gonna be 45 degrees I'm
like it's so cold and people like what
do you mean it's like oh I guess it's
October but I don't know that cuz here
in LA
hi today is 80 degrees mm thanks hi
today is 28 degrees damn someone in chat
said to six
thankfully you're just gonna repeat
everything they say in chat oh well I
say nice meme okay I hate to make other
people see nice man yeah I like
recording something have I done it to
you you might have done it
subconsciously you know like
unintentionally or subtly yep my goal is
to get you really drunk at all okay
anyway what's up guys
all right let's come back in the game
weird what is going on mr. Mouton
Felicity well as the 5 end part I think
that the really smart intelligence never
should phillotson but I do believe that
I made a great recommendation that we
are pretty much chasing after a ship
that just left port correct right you
can see its wake and it heading off into
the distance and I believe you guys had
left off running into a nearby tavern on
the wharf on the docks and we're trying
to get someone when ships leave how how
quick how long do we expect them to be
at sail generator like the ship leaves
go ship something is there always like a
multi-day voyage or
depends on where it's going some places
are within a day okay
what time what is the time of day right
now it is a few hours after sunup not
before noon our goal is so morning let's
go get another ship ray and chase after
them yep walk all right we want the
fastest ship you burst into the first
tavern you come across looking for
someone to hop on it to someone to pilot
a ship for you and as you step into the
room nevets you recognize that same
red-haired freckled woman from before
okay you can continue looking for your
ships if you want how do you find your
ship I mean I would go in and I would
guess I would kind of announced kind of
loudly in a coded speech that I'm
looking for somebody that does like
smuggling or has a very quick ship and
that it's pretty urgent and then I would
like yet to take one two coke chase
another she mention what you do remember
that the redhead woman was the one who
probably stole the box right yeah okay
just letting you know okay so coated in
a coded phrase you mentioned you're
looking for a smuggler like pronto yeah
would you make me a persuasion check
please a persuasion check yeah I gotta
bring my character she knows I'm done
all right you see that bass is sick
right now caught the color fever or
something please yeah you know between
seeing the last ship and coming here -
just spotted this woman and he just
started causing other guys and he
wanders into the next bar he's always
have a social body mm-hmm that fragile
body is being tested right now yeah
persuasion of six people here you some
of them may not understand your code of
speech those that do kind of give you
skeevy looks and look back at their
drinks there's nobody in here there's
nobody in here that's wilt that is
willing to hop off when someone comes in
is like quick I need a smuggler that's
correct okay I I would communicate that
I have five gold pieces for a person
willing to take a job like this okay
yeah 500 copper okay ah the copper
economy redheaded lady pops up and walks
over in the direction of the three of
you and says now now gentlemen gentlemen
please this is a place of peaceful
drinking perhaps we should step outside
you know you don't want to disturb these
others okay she walks outside with you
and turns into a small little alley and
goes what's what's going on what do you
what do you guys need hmm
we need a small ship we need to catch
another ship it is absolutely paramount
that we get something small and quick
enough to catch a ship that just left
the harbor
boom boom boss go quick she looks you up
and down three of you notices your
weapons that you've got carrying on you
here's Toki's noble effect within her
own speech and looks at you guys well
what's I can get myself killed over five
hundred copper what's going on we have a
very personal matter this lady here Toki
has a younger brother aboard the ship
and we need to reach him we were
supposed to send a message to him before
he left and he has already taken out the
port and if we don't communicate this
message to him before he lands at his
next destination it might be
catastrophic and I don't have time to go
into all the details but I absolutely
need to see this person we need to see
this person face to face and talk to him
before he arrives at his next
destination
yeah my poor young Oh Daniel how I miss
you so we must hurry
uh he's drifting farther and farther
away please
I know a strong man rose faster than
anyone else you can catch up to a ship
leaving the harbor there's only gonna be
room for one on his dinghy though help
preserve speed you don't have any other
larger you want to catch the ship you
want to not catch a ship there's room
for one
you only need to deliver a message you
only need one person what's the problem
I can while its shape into a smaller
thing with someone right Sofia not only
and then like Stephen King I mean ya
know it's seemed today ya nevets way I'm
pretty small about halfling you don't
think we get all three of us if we what
if I write on my full shoulders
Lenny's shoulders yeah and then I write
on another shoulder as a mouse or
something it's more about what as a
mouse ya can't they're wild shape too
yeah yeah but she's just surprised that
you're gonna like wild shape into a
mouse whoa no whoa whoa this is ooc out
of character claims okay no I'm so sorry
I should make it clear I'm discussing
with my party members I could
what I'm saying is it well I'm sorry
hold on okay back to our roleplay would
it be possible if I and my friend rode
together I mean I'm quite small like if
the two of us could talk to him it would
be good maybe two of you could go yeah
maybe me and my friend Lenny here I mean
obviously she doesn't need to be
bothered by this but yeah okay well hand
over the money
I'll go get Bruno I give her a five
hundred cover pirate coins she points to
a spot down by the harbor and goes meet
me there which ship are you chasing it's
the sea skipper got it got it
meet me right there I'll see her is off
into the city streets okay
Toki if you're gonna transform do it now
before we get on public and then we'll
hop on a fat beautiful golden teddy bear
a hamster can I turn into them totally
yeah oh yeah I'm adorable
I'm a hamster mm-hmm all right you
become a hamster you're in I assume
nevets pocket the two of you I never end
I'm sorry mr. moon show up down all the
little Harbor slip over there waiting
for the redheaded woman and Bruno her
Rover to show up mm-hmm
nevets can I hold the hamster can I talk
of a hamster we would not understand you
squeak squeak I'll put the hamster on
your head when we start rowing lenny oka
me like that a few minutes passes then a
few more and a few more and the ship is
heading further and further out to sea
and you're starting to lose its mast Oh
few more minutes passed and long enough
passes that you get the impression
you've just been scammed not bringing
anyone here to take you all right she's
disappeared with your five hundred
copper that's
my hamster boys let's kill that
redheaded [ __ ] squeak squeak all right
she come right nevets it's investigation
time I'm gonna go back to the bar and I
want to talk and listen to everybody I'm
gonna spend the rest of the night there
watching people speak to try to figure
out I can find out any information about
the redheaded lady okay so that's your
business for the remainder of the day
what about Letty what are you doing
Lenny will wait for the boat all right
awesome and hamster Toki how long do you
stay in hamster form um I get the Presto
we're scammed I want to stay for the
remainder of the hour
how's a hamster okay and then back to
Toki yeah um I guess walk around try to
find that redheaded lady or something
okay so Tokyo's gonna walk around
looking for her Lenny is faithfully
waiting for the boat and nevus is
heading into a tavern to try and scope
out any information about this redheaded
woman perfect so let's make some rolls
here
Toki why don't you make me a really
really really good perception check as
you walk around town looking for the
redheaded lady this is almost unfair
help if this girl is going to be a cow
that's actually quite good what's that
picture of Daffy on the spring classic
it's perfect all right
you don't spot the redheaded lady as you
walk around town Lenny the boat never
comes you'll stand there until the Sun
Goes Down I take it but the boat doesn't
come and nevets you are in that same
tavern where you had just seen her and
you're looking out for signs that of
anybody talking either about somebody
else maybe looking for her or maybe
somebody talking about this crown heist
or maybe somebody talking about shipping
things or anything like that basically
anything I feel like would be related to
her
work as a lead for her so what you do
notice when you head back into the
tavern is that the people she was
originally sitting with because she
wasn't by herself are still seated in
the same spot and they're just having a
casual conversation chatting amongst
themselves laughing occasionally but uh
you know they're just chillin there no
one else seems to bring her up in the
first few hours cuz it's still before
noon you know the taverns not really
packed yet mm-hmm
the first few hours pass pretty quietly
somewhere around noon the two people she
was with both women get up pay their bar
tab
and head out through the front door
walking right past you okay I like to
follow them all right give me a steel
chair so you can stalk these people you
have city streets oh my god yeah you've
got the perfect planning case in place
you can walk behind them kind of away
from the go listen for their footsteps
to know if they're like are enough away
for you to appear on the corner and
whatnot and you track these people
through the twisting winding streets all
day not all day for like an hour until
they arrive at this really weird route
that they've taken at this sketchy
abandoned building on the north side of
town mm-hmm and it's here that they step
in close the door behind them and that
you can hear footsteps heading up floors
above do I see is this on the map
anywhere that we're shown yeah I am
bringing us to the right math area I
just need to find it it's hard as hell
these are
I think this is the right one yeah this
is the spot perfect
so they entered in through Thanks
through here I'm gonna bring you look at
this spot this doorway right here
it came in down this after a roundabout
route came in over here down this alley
way down through here and then through
this door which you can hear the
footsteps on the staircase going up and
they were shot thank you they went up
yeah they went up and can I hear anybody
else up there or would I be
how tall is like what I expect to be
able to hear anybody else if they were
in there like is it like open wooden I
believe this is a four-story building
and it looks like it's one of those
dense apartment buildings that you would
find in the middle of a city so there
are plenty of other people in here other
houses other places of residence and
yeah you do hear some voices inside okay
I hear a mother yelling out their child
for not taking out the trash you hear a
dad you know the tell-tale sounds of a
belt being slid out between the don't
loops and some anger coming with it
where are Toki and Lenny at this point
in time
Letty's down by the dock waiting for the
boat to come and miss Toki is walking
about the city looking for the redheaded
lady gotcha
what I expect her to walk by here at any
point if I were to wait for 30 minutes
to stop maybe but it would be kind of
blind luck how lucky am I feeling do we
roll for this or here yeah we roll for
it it'd be an 18 or higher on a flat D
20 and 18 are higher on a flat D twenty
fifteen percent chance that she walks
past you in the next half-hour
well I roll over he rolls it whoever
first roll wait up are you feeling lucky
Lily wait I feel real lucky
okay Lily go you got it
okay oh it's just like real life
I guess our paths just aren't crossing
Lily that's okay okay after waiting for
30 minutes how far am i from the dock
that I could run there and back like
reasonably quickly or I mean the dock is
just you know 50 feet away do you mean a
specific point on the where Lenny would
be waiting for the ship this is yeah
Lenny is gonna be down over here I think
you can probably go through this
building maybe Lenny is it was like 300
feet away yeah he's pretty close okay I
heard them go upstairs right I heard
that as much right okay I should be able
to reasonably like - - there tell Lenny
Lenny get up let's go and then - back
without them like just slipping out like
unless I get absurdly unlucky or
somebody's watching me no doubt to be
crazy unlucky for you to wait half an
hour run away and run back okay yeah
cool yeah can I um can I look around the
building and see if like this is like
the only way in or out
there are many doors in this large
apartment block I'm here let me show you
the rooftop view which makes a
difference so they're in they came in
through a door under here and all this
whole block right here is all sort of
connected to itself okay so there are
multiple doors so anybody that goes up
that door could walk out any other door
theoretically mate theoretically it
depends on the inner structure you know
I'm not sure you're not sure if this
this door eventually connects to this
door through a complex route or if
they're blocked off a different place
okay I understand can I place one of my
ball bearings at the bottom of the door
just so that I'm the doors open I would
be able to see absolutely clever thief
if you don't have inspiration already
take it now wow thanks ok so I just want
to place one just to mark that the door
is closed and then I'm gonna dash over
and go to grab Lenny you grab Lenny
Lenny let's go to key give me another
d20 as he's running through the streets
looking for Lenny Lenny is very upset
he has a tear running down his eye why
why should not go Toki Rome you do 20
sorry
um Lenny I think these ladies lied to us
and we're gonna go on to figure out why
they lied about helping us find that
boat okay all right
the two of you arrive back the ball
bearing is still in place
okay we don't run into Toki I'm guessing
nope no I'm I'm running around you know
looking for I should be able to roll
like twice for ya I'm you ready do it
okay sure I'm Matt I asked Lenny Lenny
do you have any way to signal for Toki
to find us do you think there any way
that we can get her to know where we're
at yeah he's a big guy give me a
performance check for how loud you can
bellow throughout the city holy crap
Toki I need you to make me a dc-10
perception of dc8 perception check to
hear the the bellowing voice oh my god
off by one by one
maybe she heard something but she needs
to like roll to like recognized oh
that's Lenny okay actually you know what
that's fine I I look to Lenny and say
Lenny I need you to go and find Toki
I'm gonna go inside here bring her back
here and then as soon as you get back I
give I'm gonna give Lenny the Bell from
earlier that I took from the shop I'm
gonna give Lenny the bell and say Lenny
as soon as you and Toki get back outside
here just start ringing this Bell a
little bit and I'll come out and find
you okay okay Lenny says how how quick
you want me to find her find her as
quick as you can but don't make too big
of a commotion Lenny we want to be a
little bit secret okay we're kind of
pretending like we're secret agents
Detective scariet Lenny will start
running through the city streets he was
gonna start barreling through doors but
you said don't make too much of a
commotion so he won't do that and
through the city's freeze yelling around
for Toki all right you run through the
city streets looking for Toki
Snippets did you have something you
wanted to do while this was happening
yeah I'm gonna go ahead and enter the
building all right
a nevets token on the table you're a
player you are not a monster
there we are
where's our monsters nice all right you
entered the building the door is
unlocked
it doesn't even Tevan have a lock on it
it just shuts and latches you enter a
small room with a barrel a footstool and
a winding staircase that goes up one
floor okay I would like to sneakily make
my way up the staircase and it's
somewhat quiet matter it's this is
literally just like a small room like
that would just stairs that go up
doesn't connect anything else so far yet
correct there's two windows that look
out into the dingy alleyway beside you
okay I'd like to make my way upstairs in
sure oh I'll go outside I picked up my
ball bearing too right yeah the place is
in a state of disrepair this is
definitely the slummy section of town as
you arrive up the staircase and over you
can come down see that you're in some
sort of apartment building unit here
there's a doorway but the door has long
since fallen off its hinges and is
resting against the wall okay
right over here then I kind of peek
inside have I I need to ascertain
whether or not I'm in an area where I
feel like reasonably it's the only way
out like it can I make that assumption
yet or is it possible those stairs
leading upstairs could like connect to
another building still somehow it's
still possible that I could do that okay
then inside here I would like to take it
go inside and take a look through all
the rooms do I see anybody yeah this
first area has a an old raggy curtain
dangling around and you can part the
curtain to the side to see a group of
three people kind of huddled on this
straw bed over here inside it's not two
of the women from earlier no it looks
like a small poor family who's just you
know cozying up because it's a little
chilly outside okay
can I ask quietly did you guys say
anybody come by here earlier someone
sort of opens an eye and sees you and
then just kind of flutters okay I just
continue walking on then
I guess going up these stairs yep all
right you can head up the next set of
stairs in the building and while you're
doing this can I get another performance
check from mouton followed by a
perception check from Lilly I'm not
working out very well
you guys will find each other eventually
she's cool it's destined no not yet one
day soon though guys one day soon you
make it to the next staircase come up it
in a new room mm-hmm
there is a bed here there's a fireplace
the Emperor's going there are a couple
of people just kind of standing out
about looking out this window they see
you come in and give you like a
once-over like they don't recognize you
but they don't say anything or stop you
and they just keep looking out their
window and chatting to themselves I
asked them as well did you guys see two
women walk by here I'm looking for two
friends one guy gives a shrug the other
guy doesn't even make your eye contact
okay I continue to make my way through
the place yeah
and this seems pretty reasonable in a
section of town like this a lot of
people are gonna watch yeah they don't
care I extend yeah all right you come on
through this room which is empty move on
forward to this area where there is a
staircase heading up to another floor
and you know just a passageway with some
broken floor bits into more slum housing
mm-hmm
I take this staircase going up okay
you find yourself in a small tower that
kind of pokes up over all of the other
buildings there are some stools here
like people might sit here on watch
there's a little table with a one card
that is falling down and sitting between
the floorboards beneath the table a
couple of old empty drinks place kind of
reeks of stale beer and piss but you've
got a good view over the entire city
from here that may be that one of the
tallest points in town gotcha is it
reasonable to walk across the room here
are they too far but below it's like a
short drop to the roof below if you can
squeeze out one of these windows which
you probably can cuz your halfling huh
then you could walk on rooms okay I'll
go back downstairs downstairs again I'll
head into this room next okay make me a
perception check is to get into this
room
you hear voices three voices female
voices coming from this staircase over
here okay and can I get another
performance check for mood and followed
by a perception check from Toki [ __ ]
ho there we go that'll alright
finally Toki here's mr. mood and
colleagues softly from an alleyway why
are you calling softly from this
alleyway mr. moon I was told to keep it
quiet one alley over this whispering
Toki
Ayane nevets see we got to go back real
quick he found the people can I ride on
your back Len you while you run back to
nebith uh yes okay
ride me Toki that's don't weren't it
like that Lenny I'll talk to you about
it after okay okay we're gonna piggyback
back to nevets okay so you guys are on
your way back here right now your
haven't quite arrived but there's nevets
mm you can hear the voices Oh from that
direction you don't see anybody here
this is there's no door at this doorway
sure the two women the two women that
left the bar were they um did they look
like they were armed or do they look
like they could be like dangerous or did
they just kind of look like civilians I
guess give me a perception check for
what you would might have noticed on
them as they were walking through they
weren't carrying any obvious weapons
that might have had like a knife or a
dagger tucked away somewhere but they
didn't have swords or axes or clubs or
anything on them okay okay here you are
is it possible are these stairs in such
a way that I can kind of like take a
peek down them or is it such a way that
like as soon as I start stepping down
it's gonna be pretty obvious that like
you can see my boots first and
everything let me take a look at the map
on a secret page so I can answer that
question without revealing the answer
that we're getting all the details
yet you feel like you could hang your
head over the side of the wall there
mm-hmm and if you like lay down and tip
your head down you could probably look
underneath and see the the room below
you okay
yeah can I do that and try to like
listen or conquer and see if I can
figure out what's going on yeah as you
kind of lean your head around that
corner and look down you can see the
redheaded woman along with the other two
women from the bar they're sitting in a
pretty small room amongst themselves
chatting looking copper grass silver and
gold coins back and forth between them
okay you said it was just three women
three women in a room with no other
exits except for Windows okay sounds
good oh wait here for a minute
I'll wait here for about 10 or 15
minutes yeah and you will hear before
you see the or Berrien followed by the
dwarf coming down through this alleyway
and you can hear them through this
window and once you hear them you can
see them through the window as well
barbarian and the dwarf Myint okay okay
cool
can I like peek over the window and like
stop my fingers coming tonight
yeah hey Lenny Toki come up here I'll
just start ringing the bell yeah Lenny
Lenny what the [ __ ] Bell don't come
upstairs
I dropped the bell no Lenny bring the
Bell grab the valve Lenny shoulders
brought the Bell and just gently take
his hand and lead him upstairs okay
follow mr. key a minute later the party
is reconvened together in the slums
okay so just make it quick
Wow yeah you can all three of you hear
the voices from down below there's some
laughter some joking around some of
those like Oh
[ __ ] sorts of noises from people having
a good time between themselves gotcha
there are two entrances into this room
on the left and then in front of us
right correct
yeah yeah okay
[Music]
okay Lenny and Toki listen okay the
three women down here know why we just
got scammed okay and they might know why
that crown was stolen so all of the
answers to all of our questions probably
going to be within the minds of these
three people downstairs so we need to
question them
okay let's lock them in and threaten
them with violence you want me to knock
them out
it might get to that point we'll see I
will hold the door
however just Lenny just we need to be
careful okay
we need to approach the conversation and
it you know in a good manner don't kill
anybody or do anything crazy okay yes
okay before we go downstairs okay it
says in my image where I have two ball
bearings I assume that means like I have
like oh no way to max of a thousand ball
bearings to pax okay I have a thousand
ball bearings can I put like I want to
cover like the entrance here and the
entrance here can I do that yeah I
believe the ball bearings cover a I
think it's a ten by ten area I'm gonna
double-check right now okay I could also
hold one of the doors with my shield
mastery I can show people prone you like
come at me oh you know I don't need that
I just want to be able to make it so
that like if somebody comes by I should
be able to hear it even if they don't
slip over I should hear somebody like
lose and regain their footing or
whatever or kick the ball bearings and
have them run everywhere yes yeah
so each pack of ball bearings can cover
a ten by ten area so you can use one
pack and cover both of these okay that
sounds good a ten by ten area would be
like four or five by five areas right
yes okay yep so I'll cover like this
area here and then this area here okay
perfect okay all right guys let's go go
down okay we walk down the stairs all
right you guys step down the stairs I
will show you the layout of the room but
I'm not gonna put tokens on it and we're
just gonna do the rest of it theater of
mind theater so you enter this small
room here there's not really room for
everyone to fit in the three ladies are
all hanging out in the straw kicked back
but with the roll their feet their butt
their backs against the wall I'm looking
in your direction it's the only place to
look as you guys head downstairs
immediately the redheaded woman jumps to
her feet and goes oh my god Bruno he's
just I couldn't find him anywhere and
then I went back to the spot and you
guys were gone already ready and I'm so
sorry what Lenny chill ready I see Lenny
and I tell Lenny I put it Hana Lenny's
he's gonna have it ready but not sure
that so you have your sword drawn then
that's what you're telling me why would
assume it's there probably there yeah
we're coming down yeah so yes okay uh
are you Yuki
do you use a two-handed sword linning
nope I use a sword that is like
one-handed and then I have a shield and
I always roll with the one hand sword
instead of the 200 okay it's very stiff
this two-handed sword on you but I think
that that's your arming sword right here
long so yeah it's the magic - it's the
magic like one-handed sword but it's
versatile right right okay I'll change
the timer announcer okay sweet I was
just confused by what it said all right
so you've got your sword drawn the
redheaded woman staying together - are
still kind of sitting down mm-hmm
she's given her apologies I'm so sorry
brutal wasn't there and it was just okay
we don't care where did so why you know
tell us Leakey wait I am so sorry can I
buy you lunch red lady red-haired lady
what's your name
Fiona is it we're like piona as we're
having this conversation
does it seem like she's lying
do I roll for this or do we have a
conversation I see if you want to
determine whether she's lying or not you
can roll me a insight check she seems to
be telling the truth she doesn't seem to
be lying about her name okay Fiona okay
this next conversation it's probably the
most important conversation you're gonna
have in your entire life we're gonna ask
you questions about the crown that we
know is stolen we want you to tell us
everything that you know about it oh
come on cousin you can't ask me to do
that we all got to make a living somehow
and it's no skin off your back sorry
about the the slip and bruise but I
couldn't afford to have anything
interrupted could I draw my sword you
can okay and you'll notice that she puts
a hand behind her back as you do so and
the woman's sitting down beginning to
get to their feet mm-hmm okay
can you I need an exact layout of this
room what like um how is everybody
standing and sitting like so on the
straw right now well they were on the
straw they're all standing there kind of
squeezed into that back corner over
there how or I think you're facing them
front so you and Lenny are probably in a
situation like this I would expect okay
yeah and then Toki standing behind who's
their windows yeah there's a window
right here and right here and right here
I think I'd be swapped with nevets
that's fine okay sure perfect okay jeez
okay I'm in yeah if I see any of them
like even look at that window like my
ready to tak I would believe it go off
yeah they're a little bit too small to
fit through those windows they would
need a pretty good acrobatics check to
squeeze through okay only three of us
are gonna walk out of this room alive if
we get into a fight and it's not gonna
be the three of you and I'm sure all
three of you know this so you need to
decide right now okay how much you're
getting paid for this job and whether or
not it's worth dying over because you
better believe me we will [ __ ] kill
all three of you if you don't start
giving us some information about what
was going on what time you only get one
life you did intimidation check on that
cuz look you know Levis is still like a
halfling or anything mean is that really
that's true he's a halfling backed up by
a dwarf and a giant prepare real
intimidating she brings both of her
hands up and goes all right all right
all right cousin what do you need huh
drop out you were gonna be with us on
this setup against us but drop weapons
drop I just have hands it's fine
why were you reaching behind my back was
edgy Oh
what do you need to know hmm call me
he's fully who paid you to take this
crown and where is the crown going well
no one's paid me yet crown is headed to
a small town called Berkshire middle the
continent and who paid you - who paid
you to steal the crown no one it was my
idea so we don't look alike idea man I'm
the idea woman who's the sonne who's the
crown being taken to in this other town
I got a jeweler over there he's gonna
pull the gems out resell them on the
black market meltdown the brass crown
will disappear normally be the any of
the wiser no evidence of it left
anywhere how many other people know that
you guys have lifted this crown does the
Sailor himself noted does the any of the
ships rest my fence my handler my
smuggler and you know the jeweler who is
coming - and how low I don't know if he
knows about it yet how did you plan to
get the message to him smugglers taking
it there really is he he takes it he's
got a friend in town friend will do all
the work guy comes back next time he
comes to town we split the money
easy-peasy okay
tell gala we put the weapons down now
maybe no I'm cooperating okay I'll see
if my sword thank you thank you
what do you never introduce yourself
what's your name fella Oh God yes I'd
keep myself out by the way yes she's a
weird person you're right to get weird
vibes Toki
did you share maybe we can like a little
bit my name Joe Joe Joe much a strong
name kick him how much how much gold do
you guys have on you right now oh look
you I don't keep any money in here not a
fool voice is terrible for keeping money
where's the five gold that I gave you
earlier for our shipping dispensed at
the tavern already but if you need your
money back out daya debts you know you
have life debt to us now
I can get you your money back if you're
really concerned about it
Vivat hmm this Bruce guy even exists
you said the shipper earlier the guy
that was gonna smuggle this was called
Bruce or whatever right so she said or
what was the name I don't think she gave
a name for her smuggler oh I thought you
said Bruce I'm sorry maybe I invented
that in my head I might just be
forgetting anything okay okay um I think
I've asked enough questions here I can't
go upstairs
yeah you guys can head up to the next
floor above does it look like they could
reasonably escape out that window like
or would they be like jumping into this
tree it will just be like a John wick
three kind of thing it would be a dc50
nacrobat exchange Aires okay
Toki we need to get ahead of this crown
okay we need to get into the next city
but we know they said it was heading to
and we need to get the we have to get
that crown before gets the jeweler
that's art so this is we have two we
have two issues we've got three issues
right now okay
Toki I need all of your brain power to
figure this one out okay here's our
first problem okay one we need to make
sure that she can't communicate a
message ahead of us getting there okay
so I don't know if that means we need to
kill all three of them I don't know if
we're ready to do that but I were going
to do so that's number one number two we
need to be able to get to the next city
and get that crown before it falls into
somebody else's hands and then number
three we need to verify that that's even
where it's heading because she still
could be lying to us nervous what if we
take them and give them to the police or
the people who they stole from and I'm
serious robot to go get the crown
there's one problem I don't think
anybody knows this crown has been stolen
yet if we turn these people in we might
be tipping off somebody that doesn't
want like didn't we take this job under
the assumption that nobody knew that the
crowns were stolen yet
that was a thing I'm like you would take
the job right after had gotten stolen
and they had been trying to advertise
the theft to other people like you that
might be interested in like picking up
the trail huh
what is this door made out of that's
leading downstairs there's a staircase
but no door oh there is no door there's
no door
that's why you could hear them talking
yeah okay no is there anybody trying to
get out and we can't we can't take all
three with us so we don't have the space
for that no there's no one trying to get
out but you can't hear them talking
either okay the first thing that we need
to do is we have to verify that the
information that we're getting from her
is real how do we do this Toki hurt her
we cut her makes people talk yeah but
how does she know that we know that
she's lying
we already messed up we should have
asked all three of them individually
separately to see if we got the same
location you can Bluff say we have a
special spell can tell but they're lying
I don't know
we kill one okay let me calm down if you
kill one the others won't lie they want
to keep live rather than like gold
we put all three of them in the room um
and let them talk and we eavesdrop on
that maybe they'll drop the actual
information um I don't know why they
might talk about it my brother once said
would he try to get people to tell him
the truth
he separate them and he act like he
killed one of them pig noises and stuff
so the others tell the truth so pretend
we're torturing each and every one of
them and then we get to them and then
they have to say stuff right that's
funny that was a great idea take some
inspiration Lenny smartest thing you've
thought of all months don't you think it
would wonder why you would shoot a man
before throwing him out of a plane that
I'm sorry I'm done okay Lenny Lenny we
could do that okay but we don't have the
space to do this here do we a lot of
rooms not many people here
okay barricade room you know lots of
[ __ ] around we could bring the two up
here hand tie them that room no one can
see what's going on down there and then
just shout a lot and hope that well
maybe cut a little but don't you think
if we tie them all up and put them in
one room and we're like oh we're gonna
leave you guys alone for a bit and go
don't eventually talk I think we need to
be quick because they might I don't know
what that we can't hear them anymore
let's just go check on them downstairs
okay wait a second wait a second we're
kind of whispering but I don't give a
wait can they hear us that's a great
question we were with Alice I was
clearly I don't know I was clearly
whispering like I generally take the
volume at which the players speak to
indicate the volume which they okay
coag's
okay corbs what I'm saying is no one's
been talking loudly you've been talking
out of regular pace yes
you know you've been just kind of
chatting it sounded like they were
yelling when we heard them they were
talking loudly laughing you know having
a good time and now they're quiet yep
okay this crown is worth hundreds of
thousands of copper millions of copper
here's what we could do what we could
say is that we're going to kill two of
them and the one person that wants to
tell us where this crown is going we
tell them that we're trying to steal the
crown for ourselves and we offer them
25% of the total value of the crown if
they do agree to tell us where the crown
is going and we'll let them live and
kill the other two and then hopefully we
get one of them to break ranks to come
and tell us where the crown is actually
going or verify that it is indeed going
to that place and then we'll kill the
other two well go down to Edgar in the
middle sure well we go down we'll make
the offer and we'll see which one
accepts it first otherwise we tell them
we'll just kill all three well maybe we
wait uh maybe we split them up and ask
them individually before
well the I don't know how we could like
split them up like we just bring them up
one at a time or we bring them up one at
I'm talk to him appear and bring them
back down cuz my brother was in
psychology if you has three people would
have room together I don't think that
they're going to you know circling each
other in front of each other
psycho what Lenny he was big thinker big
big thinker man to village 8 int okay we
could bring them up in question on one
at a time we can make the offer to them
each one at a time that we're gonna cut
him in on 25% because we're trying to
steal the crown ourselves sure do you
want to do that Lenny you want to go
down and grab one and bring them up yes
wait yes let's just cut them okay like
physically Lenny will go down there with
a shield ready sort out very cautiously
and actually the last nevets like nip
it's can you peek first to see me I'm
not getting stabbed um don't worry Lenny
you're a big guy they're not gonna go
after you he'll be fine
Lenny goes down hesitantly checking in
every corner not ready he's not gonna
get surprised all right the three of
them are lounging down there they've all
gone back to the reclined positions
leaning in the hay chatting with each
other they see you come in and their
eyes all turn to you while their heads
maintain facing each other yeah we're
chatting with each other you and I'll
point at the not redhead and at one of
the brunettes who looks like the
youngest they're all about
give me a perception nor non-perception
check and investigation check to
determine their age oh yeah yeah you
come with your investigations at minus
three Jesus my neck should end all right
buddy you grab the youngest of them you
find a knife owner when you pat her down
but in my stash and I take it with me
okay you March there's the other two
just kind of give a wave as she walks up
I will put the story to her throughout
the whole way out
sir hey okay they don't wave yeah you
arrive at the top with the sword to her
throat okay as she comes to the top yeah
Lenny put her in the corner we should
whisper yeah okay here's what's gonna
happen okay we know how much that crown
is worth and we want to steal that crown
for ourselves we don't think the crown
is going where that redheaded [ __ ] told
us it was so we're gonna make you an
offer we're gonna make the same offer to
your two friends as well we'll cut you
in on 25% of the value of the crown if
you're able to take us to exactly where
that crown is going I'm just the muscle
I'm just trying to you know knock people
around strapped him I'm not involved in
shipping receiving transportation any of
that stuff so you deny our offer I would
tell you if I knew did we all I know is
what she's told me okay uh do we have
rope that fits on your character she I'm
asking you know it's good I know I don't
know that um I have ten feet of string
is that enough to tie somebody up you
think it would slow them down but it
would be easier to get out of the rope
Toki - you broke and you haven't heard
her mention the destination for where
this is gonna be shipped and passing and
talking to anybody you haven't heard a
single thing come on cousin you know how
it works you keep information what do
you call it a compartmentalize
need-to-know basis I don't need to know
where it's going so I can't say anything
you guys don't seem like the most
organized outfit out there so I'm sure
something could slip but let's hope that
you two partners feel the same
okay uh can we move her
what can I talk her out since we don't
have rope we can't bring her back down
she'll tell them yeah of course are you
able to can you choke somebody out yeah
Lenny will do the like the choke out
from vine okay
she begins she tries to cry out but you
cut off her vocal cords her feet start
slamming against the floorboard so she
tries to elbow you and whatnot I'm gonna
need you to make me an opposed athletics
check against her athletics well that's
really good hers is a natural 20 though
somehow she manages to get an elbow like
that right in your side and it weakens
your grip just enough for her to like
pop her head out on the bottom and
scramble backwards into a corner be like
whoa hold on that's not necessary you
don't need to do that it's fine it's
fine
I mean I'll attempt to shove her down
with my shield bastard like what shirt
into the ground I should be able to be
like an American on lethal damage yeah
yes she is not she is trying to hide and
back away from you but she's not
actively fighting you
yeah well can crush her with your shield
knock her out knocker prone and then I'm
gonna do like a non-lethal attack to
like the head to like knock her out okay
give me a roll to hit an advantage to
fire that'll hit roll missing damage and
let me roll her HP make me feel real
weird I mean you should feel what you're
doing alright you bash her in the head
and she falls silent and hits the ground
okay can we shake her and toss her in
the bed and kind of like cover up I will
drag her across the ground to like let
them hear the dragging noise alright
where do you put her I'm gonna drag her
into this next room into the bed
guessing that's have been this one here
yeah yeah you dragged her through the
ball bearings that roll across the floor
and plop her down in the hay all right
bricks Lenny go grab the other non
redhead jeez Lenny will not show you're
a blood on your hands anyway besides we
fight and do stuff up yeah I'm right
it's not like you know I was wanting
blood it's more intimate literal yeah
Lenny will go down there you next point
it down right then she gets up hands in
the air I'm heading down she has another
knife on her as well I take it and put
on me myself cool she walks up with you
a word Barbara go Barbara is in another
room right now considering an offer that
we're going to make to all three of you
we are looking to steal the crown we're
gonna cut you in on 25% of what it's
worth we just need to find out where
exactly it's going we don't think that
that redheaded lady downstairs told us
the truth do you want to tell us where
it's going or do you want to put
yourself at risk and hope that the other
two people with you don't tell us
instead Fiona's a shot caller I just
know what she tells me she tells me the
same thing she tells you
Lenny well position himself behind in
just walk business on her face as Lenny
lurks I nodded Lenny it'll do the same
things before I get me an opposed
athletics check again
you grab her and begin to choke I think
technically she'll get some escape
attempts I'm just gonna roll some dice
she rolls one good one make me an
opposed athletics check geez nope okay
she struggles and eventually stops
dragging thing I'm not killing or I'm
not trying to kill them but one didn't
come back to consciousness for hours
Walter out throw her on the other girl
all right okay guys so what are we gonna
do we're gonna tell her that we don't
believe her and she's gonna tell us that
were wrong and then what how do we know
that what she's telling us is true or
not
we make her take us how are we gonna
follow her in entire day time what if we
go out she starts screaming what we
killed yeah we just kill her in public
linen yeah and then what honey what oh I
mean I have a spell that mask masks me
like me among companions from detection
for an hour for one hour could follow
her for now I don't know we could get
out of the city at least yeah that would
be enough time for us to get into the
city um maybe we say friends turned on
her she feel like she's too smart I mean
she can't be that smart I mean look at
the outfit she's working on like what
would she be doing out here if she was
this good at what she does maybe we say
friend told us ex place instead you cut
her tongue out so she can't say anything
how is that gonna help us Toki you seem
like you just cut somebody up I'm sorry
I just very angry that she scanned us
okay maybe we bring her up see what she
has to say don't think we already made a
deal with the other one and oh I go down
there and save I guess we don't need you
anymore
oh they would turn and act like I'm
going to attack her see what you say
that's a big Bluff and if it fails
she'll know we all we have nothing is
that worth it what was the name of the
place you guys yes well liber8 over this
why don't we take our first break good
do it when we come back you just have an
answer okay
goodbye everybody
hello everybody and welcome back to have
dice and men you guys are standing above
Fiona's room ready to go grab her
figured out what you're gonna say no
[ __ ] alright well we can't take her with
us we can't take her with us to ensure
that that's where the Crone is going
maybe we do the bluff how reasonable is
it to get from one city to the next like
on short notice or do you have to wait
the next day for ships to leave like
like how that really depends on a whole
bunch of factors you could go down to
the harbor master and see which boats
are where which boats are coming in
which boats are leaving where they're
going all that information mm-hmm so you
could make a within 10 minutes I'm
talking to the harbor master you could
figure out what ship you need to take
and where you need to go and how long it
would take to get there
does the harbor master know where ships
are going yeah because they they will
say where they're going before they
leave so that people know where they're
headed and the harbor master collects
said information to help disseminate it
okay um you two stay here I'll be back
[ __ ] I didn't know that I'm gonna dash
to the to the harbor master on the port
at the port sure you - to the harbor
master meanwhile in the slums Toki and
Lenny what are you gonna do I mean you
don't wait so I'm just gonna go down
there and watch her Toki you watched the
two knocked out and I watch her all
right I would both of you make me
perception jacks oh damn it why wouldn't
no reason in particular one Oh
my perceptions so hot I should perceive
for the both of us wait also real quick
just to make sure we're all on the same
page here when somebody's been knocked
out it's assumed that it's 1d for hours
for that person to awaken right yes okay
cool
it's been like maybe 10 minutes yeah
there's no way they should be awake by
now unless they were faking being
knocked out yep
all right so toki sees everything and
lenny sees nothing you head down and
there's fiona she gives you a wave how's
it going up there
good is it my turn what is it my turn
for do you crabs Barbra Barbra and
Jolene I assume you're coming for me
next
what's snake oh just so hanging out oh
do you like card games to pass the time
no do you like dice games I like looking
oh I see well I think you're gonna have
to wait on that one
maybe she kicks back and rests her eyes
Toki your subjects are unconscious
however you do notice that someone has
come up these stairs and is sort of like
looking at them not like in a any
particular method but just kind of
standing there like bold they're plain
who came up the stairs some random
nobody that you've never heard of or
seen before just a few stairs back there
I'm gonna have a crashed I told you guys
I shouldn't drink so much now you're
passed out on the floor cuz I was like
just mumbling to myself okay that's
pretty good
give me a performance check I'm sorry
deception check
for deceiving this person that's a good
deception check that whale well beats
his passive intuition or passive insight
Prentiss shrugs and heads back a heads
up over here lights a fire in this
fireplace and you know goes back to
prepping the room for something
meanwhile nevets races through the city
streets and comes across the
Harbormaster down by the docks it's got
a big scroll in his hand he's got a
podium in front of him that he's writing
on he's got a guard next to him and a
flunky nearby that will you know take
his messages and run and do whatever he
needs she sees you coming and says hello
citizen what can I do for you today
Harbormaster I'm so glad you could take
a minute to talk with me I'm trying to
figure out where the skipper went it was
a ship that was docked here at left
earlier today shipped a ton of supplies
yes the skipper he flips through his
scroll or like rolls through his scroll
goes yes bond ferrous bond ferrous what
was the name of the place of that lady
originally told us the Shire burg Shire
right so on the big map if you zoom out
a little bit you're over here and
whaler's bay
I'm sorry not Bob Ferris bond unto Seir
different name is way the [ __ ] over here
about four hundred and ten miles away
hundred miles away oh yeah wait I don't
say she bottom right bottom right if he
was scroll out
okay I see Bond Ferris I see bond unto
Seir yeah that's where the ships that's
where it's headed right and Berkshire
the place that they told you the crowd
was headed to is right over here
mom where is here oh I see it is well
yeah it didn't make sense that like that
what like the boat was going uh like the
middle of the land right but I guess
unless it was going this way I don't
know this yeah
okay gotcha
okay is it is it do you know where the
ship is headed after that or would that
would they know it's just sticking
things there and making new decisions
based on what they find
uh-huh okay all right thank you very
much Harbormaster I appreciate it I want
to run back as fast as I can all right
you arrived back Lenny is standing over
the woman Toki is still mumbling in her
corner to herself party reconvenes okay
I want to walk downstairs I they didn't
standing next to her woman can you ping
us where they are again quit boom so
yeah I'm bringing this back there as
soon as I get the music up we are over
here thank you I brought you to the
wrong map I'm so sorry this is the right
map here we go amazement nebith arrived
yeah never thrives
I come down the stairs my cloak flowing
behind me with my dagger drawn okay and
I walk right up to the lady and I
stabbed her in the lower stomach this is
a very specific stab in the lower
stomach non-lethal just trying to stab
her like right below the bellybutton
okay you can declare any of your attacks
to be normally thought you hit roll me
some damage 9 did you want to include
sneak attack damage nope okay
she takes the blow covers it with her
hands blood began wait while love I
don't know if I need to make a
acrobatics check for this whatever but I
want to hold the dagger in her and put
my hand around her throat and like hold
her still alright I can make a
acrobatics or whatever if I need to she
is presently not resisting you have
completely caught her by surprise and
she was already lying down like you have
all the advantage 25 cents to pull it
all off okay cool
this dagger is going to go up through
your abdomen right into your heart if
you don't tell me exactly where the
crown is going crown is going to a
jeweler in Berkshire they're gonna meet
at the tavern known as shenanigans in
the middle of it
middle of town I was the lying to you if
they're right and you're alive woman
than a rich dead woman why is the crown
being shipped to the other end of the
world
there was a problem that the ship that
was supposed to arrive this morning to
take us to to take the the crown to
Kirsch wick didn't show up this morning
it was late we had to change to a
different ship last minute
okay um can I can I do like a deception
check I guess or an insight I mean I do
an insight check to see if she's lying I
think I believe her regardless boy yeah
she does not be a 19 on a deception
check if she was rolling one okay okay I
stand up and I remove my dagger from her
she covers the wound doesn't the blood
blood Wells up my turn drew stabbed no I
think we're done here okay I start to
walk away and I speak over my shoulder
okay very cool all right
I speak over my shoulder and I tell her
we're gonna go intercept that crown and
if you interfere at all we're gonna come
back here we're gonna kill you both of
your friends and anybody that you've
worked with on any of your past
assignments everybody that is painted by
you is going to die and then wait I
leave the room Wow oh but wait I'm at
the top of the stairs when I'm at the
top of the stairs I say also we're gonna
be back here in one week at this
building I want you to be downstairs
with six gold so I'm charging you won
gold for interest for the five that you
stole from us okay yeah to make sure you
come Lenny will go kick her leg
attempted to you know break it
so you're gonna kick her leg or attack
the stomper hit her leg with a sword I
wanted to stop her like I was doing a
back roll for you if that's fine that's
fine that's perfect you hit her
give me a strength check a really good
strength check to break a leg
athletics are just strength strength I
clicked it sometimes it's slow 22 22 is
fantastic
you don't quite it does leg doesn't like
fully snap but you can be assured that
there are hairline fractures running
through it because she gasps screams
let's go of the bloody wound and grabs
her leg and begins to kind of like roll
back and forth on the ground spit on her
and then I'll walk up all right
you don't make me wait a doc foretold
day there's some gurgling sorry
as you walk away all right you think
life will be okay with this nevets
death will be fine
are we out then yep you're out you can
be wherever you want now I take it you
collect your ball bearings yep okay and
you're you're free and clear what are
you gonna do where you gonna go okay I
want to go down to the to the port and
find out so this is a reasonably large
shipping vessel right what is this I'm
sorry the the sea skipper
yes okay there should be some ship that
can make that journey to Bond Ferris or
whatever grande eros right no one is
here there should be a ship that can
make it in faster time than the sea
skipper yeah no it's possible it's
whether or not there's such a vessel
ready to go that will go out a moment's
notice is another issue so you want to
beat them to bond unto Sears what you're
telling me yes
okay I'm gonna make some rolls to
determine if such a ship is here and
ready to go can i in this time go find
Daffy yeah you can find Daffy
he is in a tavern he's got he's seated
in like a one of those comfortable booth
seats in a dark shadowy corner he's kind
of leaning into this cloaked shadowy
figure they both have glasses of wine in
front of them there's a candle lit at
the table he's doing me like belonging
eyes at her Daffy is a halfling right
small myself half elf half human half
elf right [ __ ] he's just gonna pick him
up uh Daffy we got to go we got a ship
sorry hold on can't you see I'm engaged
with something important something
meaningful in my life uh miss he's just
trying to use you for your money
she looks towards him and death was
bloody just he said just big big Joker
look at him he's such a teddy bear Lenny
I heard of a really good scone shop it's
down the street the third left on your
right uh can I roll a what what do you
want to roll for that it would little
power versus staff's deception and I
will roll - deception right here
[ __ ] 25 I'm going the scones okay we
have boat but I will go get scone it is
important you come with us I'll be there
in a minute all right all right now I
need Lenny to make me an intelligence
check as well cuz the third left on your
right doesn't make any sense at all
sure Oh buddy Oh buddy Oh buddy okay Shh
he'd lie to me there's no school I take
three left's
I will go well I feel like he lied so I
feel like I would go back and get him
now that's fine you can yeah I I will go
back and bus in the bar and attempt to
drag DAF with me all right grab DAF and
drag him out screaming no wait no I
swear he's lost I've interrupted his
meeting with this person you can get him
and meet up with the rest of the party
nevets since this is your desire to find
a ship I want you to roll me a one d20
the higher e roll the better the results
are you're gonna need at least a 15 to
have anything usable oh I do yeah I'm
gonna go ahead and apply that
inspiration here okay go for it
just find a ship wait how am i finding
this ship so this is just weather so you
can go to the Harbormaster ask which
ships are leaving to Bonn Tharus yeah
the quickest ones and then to go take a
look at those ships and ask about them
and see if any of them are capable of
catching the other one okay we go in and
hire CD man with good ship instead of
ask maybe master will see but this might
be easier okay true first one day 20 oh
god okay second one because I'm
utilizing that inspiration there is a
ship that has just unloaded all of its
stuff and it's set its brand new
destination just now they are headed to
bomb Ferris this evening because there's
some other crap that needs to be taken
out that way and they're gonna head out
whether or not they're going to be able
to beat the other ship sort of remains
to be scene based on winds and tides and
everything but they are faster ship than
the one that has already left this
morning although the other ship does
have a full day ahead start half day
head start
half day head start well how is this
ship like a reasonably fast ship they
should know they should know they're
shipping times right like it's if they
do this is a business yeah they should
be arriving on the same day as the other
one that left this morning
I'm giving you like a 60-40 in your
favor that it arrives beforehand 20%
chance that it arrives a brown at the
same time and 20% chance that arrives
later than the other one could we pay
them more to make haste is that
something that's possible or no no no
the your you're at the mercy of the
winds and the rowers there's not really
much haste that can be made they're not
leaving like right now right they're
leaving this evening they are currently
loading up maybe we see if we could find
better ship use this as backup I don't
think we're gonna be able to find
another ship I think this is what we
have yeah okay yeah but it is still like
medieval days and there's not that many
people so there's not usually ships that
head to the same place on the same day
yeah can we approach them and see what
does it cost to stowaway or whatever
book passage not to stowaway oh yeah I
don't know if it's like a cargo ship or
what yeah yeah you can book passage with
them we'll just wrap it into your normal
monthly finances and everything so don't
worry about the cost they will leave
this evening and head to bond unto Seir
it'll be a voyage of a few days so
you'll get back all your head dice and
can expend any that you need this end
you have like wind spells can she push
ships okay I will blow on the sails it's
great thank you why don't just get a fan
and hold the fan up next to the sails
that'll that'll work oh well equal in
opposite directions you'll create as
much thrust backwards as forwards
technically actually you'd create more
backwards because it's not gonna be 100%
efficient blowing the air into the sails
so don't do that it's true no electric
fans Lenny okay face backwards off the
end of the ship and
yeah anyways wait breathe this way oh
that's actually a really cute physics
thing if you were to blow into a sail on
a ship you'd make less progress than
turning around and just blowing out away
from the ship mm-hmm yeah my name will
blow into the sail because he doesn't
realize physics that's okay your lung
capacity isn't enough to make a
difference one way or the other and we
can hop on the ship and set sail Hey so
that's is not gonna be he is a dragon
along yes but he's moping he's unhappy
that he's been dragged away he's not
gonna talk to us this whole tree this
whole show pouting yeah all right sea
voyage it is Lenny will drink that will
sing the drunken sailor song what's the
drunken sailor song the drunken sailor
at that one [ __ ] I don't know the
lyrics
Lily I just know that one song scene
everybody's hot hauling migas yeah hey
nights all cuz of me
but we can't hear you further he's
singing too loudly not worth doing it
alright yes it was good guys just set
out for sale set out for bond done this
year on your shoes it's gonna take you a
few days to get there and I'm gonna make
some dice checks to make sure that you
get there nice and safe and sound while
they make these rolls is there anything
that you guys want to do that I should
be aware of how many people on our boat
crew is about 15 passengers are ten then
there's also cargo some donkeys some
horses cages of chickens
Lenny wants to hang out with the donkeys
alright well anything out with the
donkeys me and Toki should probably be
there with them so we have an idea of
what's going on yeah all right so you
guys all hang out with the donkeys for
the what is this like a five day voyage
mm-hmm yeah and then let's talk in the
mean time right yeah I really want
donkey can I take its actually it's
about a week so you all get a long rest
while you're on this voyage cuz it takes
you a week to get this ah didn't do
anything for me full hit dice full
spells full everything we just move you
to fund on this here wait while we're
talking yeah okay yeah what's up well uh
this and I'll point at the donkey
this is Callum the donkey yes and I
would like to keep him and he would like
to stay with me
I speak donkey you speak donkey Wow can
I hear some
donkey Wow honey that's that's great I'm
so happy you made a friend thank you if
diem wouldn't have taken my cool spells
I would have been able to actually speak
to donkey okay okay so in Callum ever do
to piss you off we need to talk about
what's going on when we land in bond
under best or whatever hold on okay bond
Dundas Dundas air yeah okay so our goal
if we land before the ship we need to
get to the port and we need to make sure
that nothing comes off that ship without
us versus bed without first
investigating it oh shoot Toki what
death is with us right okay
we need to use deaths fine spells when
we land at the dock to search for the
crown yeah I'm sure death would be
amenable to that okay so we'll have -
search for the crown as soon as we land
if Daffy can't find a crown they should
be able to find like a lead container if
Daffy can't find any of that I don't
know if Toki what do you think but some
start fresh start on you I'll first go
back and kill that redheaded girl well
no wait oh god we should have asked more
questions Toki we don't know what box
this is being shipped in we don't know
what the name it's being shipped under
is we can't take a hostage with us that
far she could have started a commotion
anywhere and we would have never been
able to make it cut out her tongue and
make her write things she could start
screaming can't scream with her okay
vocal cords at home I'm sorry are you a
surgeon oh sorry pardon
are you a medical doctor are you able to
perform that surgery without kill
I'm just singing nothing what if he
tries to run we're just gonna be holding
on to a woman with no vocal know houston
arguing about this now here's what we
need to do we need to figure out we need
to get the crown off of this vote okay
it is imperative that we do this okay
well it's like finding a needle in a
haystack may be able to get really lucky
and some fine spell must help us how
many times can death
Cassatt spell twice okay not three times
[Music]
three times we still have our once a
campaign hint from the DM I know you've
made up these once a campaign hints they
don't actually exist
anything can exists if I put my mind to
it you you can lawyer your way into or
out of anything can we keep our eyes
open don't know how selling would work
can we keep our eyes open while we're
sailing for the sea skipper absolutely
look off into the distance a week passes
you arrive in bombed on the cirrie you
do not catch the sea skipper but when
you pull into port you see it is docked
and unloaded it must have made it here a
couple hours before you did you had some
faltering winds that sort of the wind
out of your sails for a little while you
didn't make it in too late in the day
and they unloaded everything already
they had a half-day Head Start and they
didn't have the running shitty wind so
yes they it seems that they are unloaded
unloading it's a little hard to tell as
you pull up into port
cast spell like time is of the essence
yeah when we get out can we have um can
we go on to the port and have daffy cast
find item or whatever or locate item
crab solutely yeah not the crown we want
to do it on a leadbox well did we ever
know if we were close enough we actually
never figured out if it was a leadbox
we're so scared we should have asked
these questions oh my god that's on you
why are you never
all right what's it make your way into
port you pull up you offload the
captain's been paid everyone's happy you
arrive and bond unto Seir for the first
time it is a small unwalled town on the
southeast coast of what is this
confidence Kingdom called drink yes that
is right next to the frost lands which
is the only snowy place permanently
snowy place in all of our Cadia mmm-hmm
you don't have to really worry about it
but it is rumoured to have been caused
by this other snowy continent to the
south which we don't have to get into
right now so here you are in bundles
here along the port you've got three
locate object spells that DAF will use
for you at your discretion I actually do
believe that it wasn't a leadbox because
that's how we got tipped onto the ship I
think is she was running around near the
dock or K Tarina was running around near
the docks and then Coby was like oh
there is another leadbox but it's on
that ship and it's this amount of far
and then that's when we started like
mobilizing to get to that so I think we
believe it's in the leadbox
okay we gonna ask her to do a look once
we're on the dock DAF can do a look at
Anam can I run to the guards at the edge
of the city or whatever and ask them if
they've seen anybody go in and out so
far of the city it's been sure to be the
exit route mm-hmm yeah guys shipments
have gone in or out of the city or
anything like that or any people great
so you're gonna run by yourself to go
talk with the guards to see if someone's
left the town mm-hm and meanwhile DAF is
going to be locating what is locating a
brass crown or is he locating a leadbox
yeah a leadbox got a small lead box that
would fit that would fit a crown a small
LED book now a leadbox alot box of lead
box okay
yes so first thing Daffy noticed is with
the lead box is that there is a lead box
on a cart headed away from the docks
that was the first led box that he picks
up okay what do you guys want to do with
that can we hear about the others Lily
well you deaf psyche there's a box it's
moving that way it's probably on that
cart uh he looks to you guys that good
enough kind of go back to moping tell
Toki where the other one is all go stop
that one and I run after that box okay
letting up yep the party's completely
split three different directions you run
up to the wagon driver
it's a middle-aged man kind of white
beard big floppy hat on two donkeys in
front of his cart just kind of riding it
as you walk up alongside excuse me sir
yeah what can I do for you sonic uh I
work for boa you may have heard of them
now operations agency I believe uh we
are looking for stolen crown and it is
believed to be in a red or a leadbox uh
and my cleric a cleric of martha said
that it is on this here ship
alright this here uh donkey carriage
uh-huh do you mind showing me what's
inside the leadbox alongside i don't
know what the hell you're talking about
well i got [ __ ] to do today and i
haven't got time to deal with every
licky lou who says a cleric told them
that there's a magic box somewhere
around all right
Oh phew I ordered by the king and queen
to - it was her Oh buddy you can't go in
vogue in the cosmic scepter shove them
off I attempt to pull him off the wagon
okay make me an opposed athletics check
against his athletic or acrobatics ooh
he only gets a twenty you get a 24 so
you grab him and throw him off the cart
keeps kind of going the donkey keeps
walking some people in the streets start
to cry out as violence erupts within the
town he covers his head with his hands
goes merci merci don't hit me uh I will
just leave him there cuz he's already
prone and I'm gonna run after and try to
get in the cart and find the leadbox
alright you hop up onto the cart start
looking for a leadbox while he shouts
after you guards guys there's a thief on
my card good
crabs gathering the attention of
everyone and since you're near the docks
there are nearby guards and you can as
you start like rummaging through crates
you can hear the footsteps of these
guards saying stop in the name of law
I'm rummaging as quickly as I can all
right Lenny super Shaun you can run much
really fast and find it you marry
because rummaging is always a function
of strength Oh Lenny is athletic that's
super athletic all right Lenny give me a
perception check looking for a lead box
I'm using inspiration here alright do it
so you don't find it in time opened one
crate you start to pull the hay out of
the crate and there's like a vase and
then there's another vase and then the
cart comes to like a sudden stop there
are two guards in front of the cart two
guards behind the cart spears drawn
pointing at you and one of the guards is
saying in an easy tone hey there big
fellow why don't you hop off the cart
and gently lay your sword down on the
street and we can talk this out I will
hop up I will lay my sword down inside
the cart and say the a barons crown
Baroness's crowd was stolen I am with
Lola and is in this cart can you you
could take Gillian just off the cart
buddy just to hop down off the car okay
she just search and find the bud box
unless you probably do you promise me
you'll find the leadbox and look inside
I promise if you don't get off that cart
you're gonna be at the pointy end of a
spear
I keep rummaging all right the guards
will all attack you why don't you roll
me initiative Lenny versus our I can't
to my I will bring you a token thank you
can I just have one more round of
rummaging no all right why don't you
roll me initiative I'm looking for my
guy can you bring me to him I'm sorry
you should be right here
Oh found it
thank you big world map you know
macro initiative descending alright they
all go before you Lenny
so the to come up from behind you and
but come up from behind me I'm in a car
you're in a cart right there's two in
front two behind the two that stopped
the car and the two that came up from
behind you for some reason I was
thinking there was like a cover to it bi
sure no no yeah it's an uncovered wagon
sorry okay so the two they're all gonna
go first first guy that comes up is just
going to try and trip you knock you
prone so this is gonna be an opposed his
Athletics versus your yeah you can just
get knocked prone diet yeah so he comes
up from the back of your legs flaps you
with the staff with the back end of his
sphere drops you down to the ground
hands up I would assume because I'm
letting him do it or whatever I'm giving
up all right and then the other guard
grabs you by the shoulders and then
drags you off the cart they see that
you've you've stopped resisting and so
they quickly surround you someone comes
over and like grabs your shield and
wrestles it off your arm and pulls it
away from you someone else whips out
some manacles and quickly goes to bind
your hands together with them I'll just
be saying just check the box it's a it's
the Baroness's crown the guards having
arrested you say to the old man sir I'm
sorry about the troubles you can take
your cart and he gets back up a ghost
thank you thank you guards head over to
where Lenny's could I thought worried
that he wasn't coming back what were you
doing instead whoa are we doing is that
you're doing Lily you had said something
I you were I was you were you know I
seem to have yeah I mean I know it fuze
doing what was she doing you're waiting
on daph to point out another leadbox ego
that's right you're searching with that
for the other leadboxes
unfortunately you're busy doing
something important like nevets isn't
nevus has realm on ahead to the end of
town to talk to the great
Oh visiting you in jail or something
thank you alright so let's deal with
Toki first the next box after that one
kind of leaves range - looks around and
finds a another lead box in the
harbormaster's building do you go over
there with him hmmm yeah you know yeah
I'll go look that okay you go with DAF
to the harbormaster's place when you
step on into the building yeah cuz this
Harbormaster is a little cooler he
actually has an inside building that he
chills out at chills in rather than
standing out in the Sun all day you can
see that there's just like a large safe
behind him which is presently open and
has like coins in it and someone is
bringing a bag of coins and counting
them out into the box and it looks just
like a safe in the harbormaster's office
so there's no crowd there is no crown
it's even open and you can see inside
alright nevermind then yeah I should be
like hey we should go check up on plenty
right that's like a rational thing to do
sure it's really hard not to like yeah
what would I do in the ii-if you tell me
what today you and you I'll just do it
you do you you do you okay then that
does one more spell right this this one
spell hasn't finished being cast yet
he's still channeling the same one spell
how many items can you look for like
it's the closest thing within range so
he's gotta like walk away from this box
far enough to find another one can we
try to find another part yeah yeah
there's the building you start walking
out of the building looking for another
box and you will see four guards
escorting a large Lennie in shackles
towards the harbormaster's office and
you can see a guard carrying his shield
and his sword another free hand
I'm gonna go up to that and be like
Lenny what happened excuse me is this
your friend Pam I'm sorry your ladyship
is this your man this is my cousin sir
I'm so sorry he's a little your cousin
um just a very very distant couple very
very distant my mom's mom likes someone
interpreted someone a family friend okay
ma'am you don't have to explain anything
it was my responsibility to watch after
him today he ran all the shadow found
your man assaulting an old gentleman and
goodies through his boxes of pots we
were afraid he was about to break them
Lenny I told you to not run run off you
were supposed to hold and let me sleep
please could you please let him go he
doesn't know any better they do you are
a noble you have it an extreme amount of
social power in this game that your
social credit is through the roof so if
you asked you if you tell these guards
this is your man and he has acted
improperly and you are willing to take
responsibility for him then they will
release him to you although they'll ask
for like your name and your family name
will you also tell them to come with us
to investigate the crown yeah I'm just
gonna of course let me just I'll be
right there then do the guys rest
assured I will take care of this thank
you so much for understanding of course
there won't be any more trouble with
them I hope now definitely not thank you
for I understand the crowd Toki told
them about yes of course the crowd was
happy okay meanwhile nevets has run to
the end of the city it is getting late
onto the day and so you asked the guards
there if anyone has come or gone all day
in the past few hours yeah yeah we've
had a trickle of people coming in and
out fewer now though it's getting on
late
today just uh people coming in in the
last few hours no one heading out it's a
two-day journey to Seoul Wieck I
wouldn't want to leave at this hour it's
a two-day journey to Seoul Wieck yes sir
the ship landed went what time of the
day did we land you landed in the late
afternoon maybe two hours before sundown
okay what do you want from me quite well
I'm really nothing from you I want you
to explore the world and come up with
solutions and creative problem-solving
how long on foot
how many weeks does it take to get to
Berkshire on foot yeah okay you can do
about 25 miles a day on the roads and
we're looking at 37 plus well let me
just add up the distance of roads 7 plus
42 plus 55 plus 27 plus 36 divided by 24
it'll take 8 days to get 8 and a half
days to get to Berkshire from here if
you travel on the road only and you
don't stop and talents to rest are there
any important NPCs here I don't think
you've discovered anyone that you think
is important yeah I want to find people
that are important to other quite boot
campaigns and I want to start killing
them until we get a hint
oh my [ __ ] jag ok I want to go into
the local tavern and if I have something
that I want shipped or smuggled I want
to see if I can find some information
about the best type of person to contact
or they somebody will find a dozen
there's known if somebody's known around
here for being able to do that kind of
stuff yeah you want to find a smuggler
mm-hmm every good town where the salt
has a criminal presence especially in
drekia switch tends to kind of be the
center of the crime world doing a
smuggling offense oh my friends yeah
they usually work in tandem smuggler
gets things across
fences will resell stolen items oh what
a smuggler all right yeah you ask around
with the right language and the right
words and you find yourself a smuggler
it is a young woman she's got to be like
19 years old way too young to be
suspicious especially dove being a
smuggler it's got bright cheery eyes a
big smile ribbon in her hair it's kind
of shortish what was the name of the UM
what was name of the other redhead from
the other city Linda no Fiona this is
Jenny that you're talking to she
introduces herself as such gotcha okay
I would like to approach Jenny
mm-hmm yeah an entire night yeah you get
a meeting with her she's sitting in a
tavern having lunch she's got her knife
in her for very properly posed as she
cuts through the chicken on her mm-hmm
drumstick okay speaking in our language
of Thieves I would like to introduce
myself as Bruno and associate of Fiona
and I would like to gauge a reaction off
of that or does she react at all or does
she care at all or she gives you sort of
a blank stare as if she's waiting for
the mm-hmm
rest of the information and
for obvious reasons I can't reveal too
much of course it was just you tell me
where you need something to go who you
need it brought to and how big it is
well so if it moves Fiona
originally had a shipment that was going
to a particular area and it was diverted
through here some plans have changed
and it is important that I get that
shipment for Fiona at this port instead
of having it carry on words where it was
originally going
Fiona understands the inconvenience
she's still willing to pay the full
price that she would have for you to
ship said object I see unfortunately I
don't know any cousins by the name of
Fiona wait when was it supposed to
arrive this thing this thing probably
would have arrived in a small box it
would have arrived today would have come
off the see skipper ship it's possible
that she contacted you under another
alias I've only had local work as of
late the see skipper where'd she come
from do you know yeah the sea skipper
would have left about a week ago out of
whaler's bay who well that is a ways
away I don't know of any contacts I've
had with anyone in whaler's bay but
someone something's coming through my
town without running through me a little
miffed
who else would yeah of course I agree
who else do you think could have shipped
something like that through ear who
would have ran it under your nose that's
a whole bunch of people out here trying
to move things these days everyone
thinks it's an easy job you just carry
something from one place to another but
they don't realize it's about the
confidence
mm-hmm-hmm well do you know is it
staying here in town or is it headed out
I'm not entirely sure I wasn't
originally her point of contact for this
but as I said things have changed quite
dramatically and all I know is that she
told me that she wanted to make sure
that that shipment didn't leave this
city that she wanted to come here and
pick it up herself so I was supposed to
prevent it from leaving well it's a sea
skipper got in early enough today I
could oh it could already be on the road
if you know where it's going
I would say take a carriage and head to
the next town between here and there and
just wait for it on the road hmm it's
the best way to find something when you
can't find it okay maybe you get a nice
fast carriage you'll be able to make
twice the time of a regular old driver
sure okay well thank you very much for
your help
of course anything else you might need
moves or also are you in the market for
anything do you have any magical items
okay
we'll see you around next time I'll see
you later bye I don't never worry hey
you never know all right okay I want to
find Toki bunny death yeah though you
guys are walking around the town stun
bombed on this year's not too big you
can run into each other in the streets
mm-hmm but the Sun is beginning to go
down now okay nervous I know where it is
where is Eleni there was a carriage
driver an old man like she said mm-hmm
and he had two donkeys and he had a big
carriage full of pots and uh there is a
leadbox in there but I couldn't get to
it before he called the guards on me the
guards laughed at me and wouldn't check
the leadbox to see where the crown was
but I know it was him you know you
really think so Lenny I know sit here
did he leave the city or where did it go
he was going this way and I'll point
that's the direction out of town maybe
we get here I don't know how to go
there's only one path before us right
now unfortunately and that's us
literally going to Berkshire finding the
jeweller and then
therefore it I think it's worth
intercepting this cart
you don't think there's well yeah we
should go after the cart but if the car
doesn't have it then we have to go to
Berkshire money was also seen by the
cards and I kind of bailed them out so
um okay I'll go and try to find us a
quick carriage that can get us to the
next city and maybe we'll intercept the
cart along the way it's a two-day
journey so if we find a fast carriage
maybe we can make it at a single day we
should be able to intercept the card on
the way there what do you take me I can
talk to the animals and tell you if
they're going to be quick um
no i'lli'll do it don't worry Lennie oh
no I know I go with you Lennie Lennie
when we start going on our carriage you
can talk to the animals then okay save
the conversation for later they're gonna
need that all the talk they can get
maybe I mean it can make them go fast
yeah tonight okay I would like to go and
find a speedy carriage to the next city
absolutely you can find a carriage
driver who will leave first thing in the
morning crack of dawn and head along the
road he's got a team of six horses so he
can pull you and up to four other people
at a fast rate and he can get you to
Seoul wick before sundown tomorrow
sounds good all right you take a one
night here in bond unto Seir mm-hmm and
is it time for a second break yet I
think we're at about second break well
sure when we come back on the other side
all right Dyson hello everybody and
welcome back to of dikes and Men the
next day arrives
you've got the carriage there's a soft
rain follow falling on the cold winter's
day it is February the 10th 1512
Oh Freddie before we set out can i you
know huddle with the horses and maybe I
can't understand the horses maybe you
know they understand Lenny a little bit
maybe I can give him some encouragement
Mike so I don't know if you you know I'd
like to encourage them to go quick today
and befriend them what not sure give me
a I guess they have to make a saving
throw is what goes down wisdom saving
throws the Rangers charisma what is your
charisma ten okay so that is going to be
a dc-10 check that they need to pass but
they fail they roll a seven and you know
what the horses like you you might not
have apples or carrots but you got a big
heart and that's what matters
thank you all right there's a soft rain
falling as you hop in you're sixteen six
horse carriage the driver sits up front
with a blanket over him because it's
cold and a little bit snowy and whips
them into shape and you guys go
barreling down the road that runs along
the bone run I'll sit next to the driver
excellent
what's the conversation like in the
wagon today we want to keep our eyes
open for that old man in his card as we
go by you set that right I'm just
talking of the horses and I probably
can't speak to horses but trying yeah
that's what matters Lenny yeah okay let
me bring up a map because as you are
cruising along the way at a very fast
speed Lenny you and the driver noticed
something in front of you that does not
look great what you see excuse me is a
pair of a pair of bugbears escorting I
shouldn't say escorting carrying a naked
old man one bugbears got the old man on
his shoulders and is like gripping his
legs so he can't move anywhere the other
bugbear is carrying like
or a hammer sack or some sort of bag can
I do like a quick look around to see if
I see like a carriage anyway yeah give
me a perception check scout out the area
yeah
nope oh that was mine that was not mine
oops the 20 was mine yeah you see
nothing else okay good I will knock on
the carriage and be like bug bear with
old man bug bears are seven and a half
to eight feet tall large goblin oi
covered in short brown fur with kind of
squish noses they are the largest of the
Goblin oils they are usually fairly
reclusive preferring to live in rugged
mountainous terrains no they don't they
usually have like goblin slaves or
whatever like they often Morial
intimidate smaller goblin OIG's into
working for them or doing their bidding
but not always
yeah anyway
the carriage driver gets the horses to
stop as this site of these two bugbears
just walking down the middle of the road
each of them also has a large I guess we
could call it a club somewhere between
like a club a mace and like a
sledgehammer
it's a giant weapon nevets do we kill
them yeah man does it does that man look
like the man that was on the card Lenny
I don't think I'd be able to he doesn't
or it wouldn't be able to he's a naked
old man is not the same as the guy on
the card does he own clothes no he's uh
sitting upright on the bugbear shoulders
does he look happy to be there does he
look like he's chillin bears in the
middle of the rain he looks very unhappy
okay
I can't tell he's back to me but he does
not look happy we should save him does
um do our bug bears generally pretty
violent no super violent super violent
oh yeah and these people are like
impeding our progress yeah they're on
the road
bugbears are blocking the path okay I
hop off the cart Toki Lenny we have to
take care of these Lenny will how far
they can Lenny charge yeah I want to be
right next to Lenny though for charging
Lenny wants to rage and charge item I
want to be on Lenny shoulders all right
you're gonna hop on Lenny shoulders you
guys are gonna charge the bugbears
so they should be running behind us
right charge so tell me if this would
work boy be can I charge shield mastery
to knock him prone and then attack with
the charge absolutely I would like to do
that yeah that would be like charging
with your shield Emile holding them over
and then like stabbing yeah yep totally
Adam raging and your raging okay and
nevets is on your shoulders as you do
all this if you'd like to be here all
right let's just make sure you can carry
nevets and his weight I have 18 pounds
on me so 38 pounds plus his 34 that's 70
something yeah you can easily carry now
it's no problem I'm light because I know
waters gonna try to [ __ ] me up one day
it is and I ain't dealing with that [ __ ]
walking the plank was terrible
terrifying no one knows how to [ __ ]
swim and also the ship is moving so
you'll just you know slowly be left
behind in the middle the ocean I don't
think I have a naked old man token so
let's get an old man token sure just
imagine a naked old man yeah can we get
some fan er of the naked man on the
bugbears please all right why don't we
use this map at the point like where
they're walking towards you and you guys
are charging towards them we'll leave
the cart with Daffy in it off on the
other side Daffy is so hungover he can't
get out of the car today he drank
himself silly last night he's still sort
of drunk and don't get a surprise attack
on them too with the church no thanks
man
good I want us I want us to be soon what
do you mean a roll
I want you to roll initiative oh wait I
don't get because they're far enough
away that like you're charging them but
they can see a cub one that's true how
does it work when Nevitt and I are tied
to initiative then just go at the same
time Toki is fast though
despite her rotund sighs good dwarf
right yeah you got a point there yeah uh
Toki what do you want to do see how far
away they are
where's my combat music it's playing do
you not hear it I do not I mean that do
it neither do i oh drunken sailor [ __ ]
it up
no that was through discord this should
be through rule 20 SEC to Utah song I do
not interesting
it looks like it's paused in the now
playing it says 0.007
I don't I know sometimes it bugs
whatever maybe if you refresh your
browser it'll be play happily refreshing
mind what are you doing Toki alright
okay yeah let's start it off with you
I'm gonna move 60 feet up mm-hmm that's
a play right I'm gonna take out in peple
my magic couple you know them I just
don't
sure and I'm gonna check it out one of
the buffets all right so that is gonna
be 71 feet away what is the range on
your pebble weight my pebble range is 60
feet I can't
oh you can't quite reach them
also if you move your full movement you
that takes your action to make that's
okay and you're a dwarf Siri movement
speeds only 25 so you can only go fifty
feet oh just keeps getting worse and
just keeps getting way worse next turn
alright you've moved the 50 feet um I
gotta go first you go alright
the bugbears see you coming weapons
drawn spells out and they are ready the
one with the naked old man who's gonna
be the bottom bug fair holds the man
with one hand brings up the club with
the other and starts walking menacingly
towards Toki it's about this far and he
ends his turn the next bugbear also gets
his mace walks menacingly and towards
Toki ready to go and it becomes Lenny's
turn with nevets on his back Lenny would
like to charge all right how far can you
go with the charge is it double my
movement I know my got average charger
going by me
yeah five he's a little wonky let me
take a look at the charger feet because
that has very specific rules do is there
any I don't know if there is a
mechanical charge in vibey actually I
just remember the charge from the weapon
so I always thought that you could get
like a charge because I know there isn't
to be a thing - he definitely has one is
there a 5 nail charge or no no no
because they've got some feats that
specifically deal with charging ok and
so they make charging like a thing you
check into then I will non mechanically
like charge so I guess I can go 60 feet
yeah so I'm gonna go 60 feet and then
ready a attack ok here I should be able
to go over further than Toki
one and then I think nemetes with me
yeah you can go sixty feet so you should
be able to get to here yeah
okay Nemitz you're on his back
um he's your legs you know ready and
attack nevets can I use my bonus section
on this guy right here it's called
insightful fighting he has to make a
charisma check against my while he needs
to make a deception checking it's my
insight check it's a it's to see if I
can you sneak attack against him without
needing to be near someone sure and then
it lasts for 1 minute so I would just
like to use this announces I've nothing
else to do sure his deception I guess my
insight alright so be to 12 easily I'm
using a ridge yep okay and it's lost for
one minute correct okay
he's marked and then while he is marked
like that I am going to hop off of Lenny
shoulders and that was a bonus action so
I can ready an attack now with my rapier
yes
[Music]
okay next up is lady Toki I'm going new
oh okay I want to get in range of my
pebble solstices my sexy feet away all
right I'm gonna check about it all right
Chuck a pebble make me a one-day
twenty-plus to take hit no use your your
wisdom modify right so it's gonna be one
do twenty plus six
oh yeah you get two for proficiency
bonus yeah 20 20 plus 6 22 will indeed
hit our bug bear friend roll me pebble
damage is 1 d6 + magic stone is about
what it's called medic stove mantis 1 d6
+ 4 Wow Jiri nice good Rolly thank you
thank you
okay let us put some monster HP on these
boys alright and you rolled each on the
damage okay that's Toki's turn debits I
guess you're still writing on Lenny I
guess you know you just mount it and you
had an attack ready right I don't think
we see their HP I don't know if that's
yeah I'll change the bar so you can see
them thank you
[Music]
can you see him now yep Thanks perfect
nevets
nevets it's our turns to go yep I think
I'll just wait did they not move it all
towards us at all no cuz you were going
on Lenny's turn last round and this
round you're going on your turn which is
before them there's a harden issue oh
okay I can get you
I'll just ready an attack again them and
wait okay the bottom bugbear yelling oh
god he can't quite get to you he gets a
thirty to five feet away from you it's
own for your fury aiding all right he
gets that far he's got an attack ready
and he's got a naked wizard on his back
who seems to be shouting at you in
curses at us yeah well he's shouting
[ __ ] son of them God Jim rainy
minutes he's upset
the next bugbear also approaches
wielding a club with a radio attack and
it becomes lady's turn okay Lenny is
already raged
Lenny will attempt to okay I'll go over
here get within 5 feet in attempt to
shove him prone which will let off his
ready attack yes it does the bugbear
will make an attack a cheer
Morningstar's he crits you with this
morning star it is a brutal 25 point
wound just happen you do not have it
range has ended because you did not make
an attack or be the subject of an attack
within I think it's within 10 minutes
right within one round is it a round I
think if you were not some reason I
thought it was like a minute or around
rate the the rage will last for a minute
unless you don't deuce are not the
subject of an attack or make an attack
looking around I believe that's my
understanding the rules always dealt say
I'm just curious yeah he raged last
minutes
it ends early if you are knocked
unconscious or if your turn ends and you
haven't attacked a hostile creature
since your last turn or taking damage
since then you can also end it at all I
see it okay yeah you just take the 25 as
you bashes you to bits Thanks 24 okay
then I will three rage and I will attack
all right do it
17 17 will hit the bugbear handedly 13
damage it's quite a bit Oh
Navis is on my shoulder no I jumped on
Toki I'm going
can I move back and make it succeed
anytime you can move 25 I'm going to
move behind Lenny and then give him
wait what's Lenny's ac15
[Music]
got inhaling you know what yeah so you
know a level though because swap does
Neal yeah I happen to swap female speak
with animals with Carolyn's you did so
I'm gonna use Carolyn's on money to get
all right huh sure his wounds Toki you
can't click it you can't click your
wounds
click the the text not the gear yeah I'm
clicking it's not you know I was having
oh that worked
why don't work when I did it hmm I don't
know but then I think dougie should roll
yeah Chuckie why don't you just roll me
a 1d eight plus four and we'll just say
you cast a spell and we'll have to worry
about buttons viewing that's effectively
14 edits uh okay um I think I'll go here
do you see can you see what I just
rolled it out no I did not okay I can I
can move there by moving around the
south side of the guy without provoking
an attack of opportunity and it should
be 25 movement cracks okay
I would like to attack this guy my
rapier fifteen advantage but 15 is not
enough he's got 16 AC do I get a sneak
attack er no I don't remember
sneak attack is on the guy above you you
have advances on this attack because
they're flanking so you would get sneak
attack damage yep okay oh but I need
actually actually hold on these bug
bears aren't wearing shields they just
have their weapons their ACS actually 14
I'm sorry the default staff lock has
been wearing shields so that's a hit
okay cool
I'll do a damage then west sneak attack
so 13 all right it takes 13 is wavering
bugbears turn wait can I use my cunning
to do a bonus action to move here
alright okay
tricked yep okay the bug bear will
retaliate but this time he's just
retaliate against the Barbarian again he
already smashed you once he's gonna
smash you again so it brings the mace
the Morningstar up and down on you with
a 6-2 hit no go the next bug bear closes
in on this side and smashes you again 10
nope swings over your head and misses
and it becomes Lenny is turned Lenny
will decapitate the bug bear in front of
him and for I shouldn't stay back there
I don't think about reckless attack no I
just hope 26:26 will hit for 10 10
damage is enough to kill the bug bear
who collapses to the ground
the old man kind of falls off of them
and rolls backwards a little bit
did you have any other actions on your
turn letting nope okay as the air hits
the ground oh yeah is it fine can a a
shield master and attempt to knock this
bug right in front of me frown sure let
me just give you a little bit of flavor
before you do that as the bug bear hits
the ground he vanishes like disappears
stops doesn't bleeding or anything is
just gone John damn it
weird yep the old man I'm actually going
to you
yeah just shield mastery and attempt to
smash him and I think it is a athletic
Athletics Jack bug bear scores a 617 on
his useful 14 whose main standing
all right the old man who has hit the
ground I'm just gonna use a clothes old
man token because surprisingly I don't
have any naked old man tokens hits the
ground pops back up who utters a nasty
curse under his breath and casts burning
hands on the three of you it is a fire
spell he opens his hands and a cone of
flame shoots out and it see all he's
gonna roll what is burning hands damage
it is 3d six but he's doing it as a
second-level spell so it is for D six
fire damage one excuse the neck saver
now three yes everybody please make me a
dexterity saving throw okay if I'm not
interested you can add your skill to AC
bonus any decks save it against here
other effects that affects only or other
effects that affect only you if you're a
subject to an effect which allows you to
take a dexterity save for half damage I
think I take no damage with shield
mastery right you can take your action
to take no damage interposing you your
shield between you and the effect what
does it have to target only you say
right against a spell or other effect so
a spell other harmful or that targets
only you I guess I would to dexterity
saving made against a spell or okay
another effect that only all right so
you don't get your a shield bonus to the
ACE your shield AC bonus to the save but
if you pass your deck save you take no
damage at half white why don't I get the
shield AC bonus to the same because the
shield AC bonus to any dexterity saving
throw you make against a spell or other
harmful effect that targets only you and
this is an AoE effects so it's saying
again on single target things you get to
add your shield AC okay but if I check
you just avoid all fire damage and that
is a deck deck save
six is not gonna be enough so you are
subject to 46 fire damage oh and it
rolls really well to six is a five and a
three so that is 12 and eight to this 20
points of fire damage that rips through
the party I think in events the ground
falls unconscious you take ten because
you're raging toki takes ten because she
passed her deck save and the naked old
man way way it would wag his finger at
you guys in the process we add him to
the initiative order he is gonna just go
last perfect next up is Toki
[Music]
fight it finally skills and
yes he will come back with that much HP
and be able to fight my tits my HP zero
and they get a three right now but 0
right 0 yeah okay yeah we don't deal
with negatives funny it's too
complicated
okay is care
at Louisville to do it you healed him 10
and 13 I'm sorry at 10 plus 3 he's
almost at full weight is that do it
right it says 1 times 1 da equals yes ok
yeah yeah it's complicated but it makes
sense
nemesis backup it becomes the bugbears
turn he changes direction from the
warrior with the shield and the sword
and turns to the dwarf who looks far
less armor than the big guy and brings
his big bugbear Morningstar up and down
on you Toki with an 18-2 hit for 12
points of damage smashing your face and
shoulder in with it while giving a lower
his furs matted with blood his teeth
come up making these like big Fang marks
his long elongated goblin ears flapping
a breezy air the rainy air nevets it's
your turn you're um you're back in the
mud the fire has gone out but I feel a
cleansing wave wash over me and I feel
reinvigorated I'm going to move here hop
behind the old man and I'm going to
attack I'll declare non-lethal just in
case but 15 to hit that will hit the
naked old man canacee 10 for damage plus
9 is 13 damage to him alright let me
roll his HP
- character she purse
[Music]
do
he has no convo Ness so he's just has a
lot of nice hmm okay you do 13 points of
damage to him yeah okay you double-check
that I did my math right I did my math
right all right I'll give him an HP bar
for you and you can see he's almost dead
he's on his last leg he's kind of
dropped to one knee bleeding from I
guess this is a non lethal wound so
maybe it's like a repeated like slaps
with the flat of the blade back and
forth across this whose ears are bloody
where he's getting nicked small cuts all
over him
this wrinkled flesh sort of makes the
blood do this weird slow trickle down
his body any other actions for you
Nemitz um nope that's all I'm at for
right now
I mean I guess I'll shout as a bonus
action to Lenny Lenny kill the mage well
Lenny will stab him you stab the old man
12 we'll hit him okay do you have a
bandage don't think it matters but you
do
don't kill him Lenny non-lethal it I
mean can I say non-lethal now or no nope
it's too late that's what you almost
killed him if you had rolled a 15 he'd
be outright dead instead he's just at
zero he his minion go away splashes in
the mud and his minion does indeed
vanish smoke he's gone on medicine check
him has he said not to kill him
yeah the old man's gotta make his first
death save what she passes and give me a
dc-10 medicine Jack do you put some mud
in his wounds but it doesn't seem to
stop the bleeding anyone else one second
all right you see not gonna roll death
saving thrower I think we'll roll
another death saving throw he has passed
one and failed one okay yeah I'll do a
medicine check I didn't realize we
should all be able to do it we should
I'll be able to sibling yeah yeah
together you guys gather around the neck
old Mandan patch him
is there a disappeared but the bag that
they were carrying landed in the mud
okay can I go and investigate the bag
also wait is this guy completely naked
or does he have like a jammers home
completely naked head-to-toe okay
not a single scrap of clothing on him
all right can I go through the bag real
quick yeah in the bag you find four
books some rations of food a dagger some
flint and tinder like a little what'd he
call it a meal kit what do you call it a
mess kit hmm a another bag filled with
gold and silver and a nother bag with
like extra padding on it that contains a
small stone statue of like an archway
that is intricately carved and detailed
okay um what do you guys want to do with
them we have to continue our journey
though this this whole encounter has
taken a few minutes right let's take him
along we're not we can't take him along
we can put him in the carriage
we admit do what with him whatever we
babysit it I mean ask him why he attack
us well I mean what do you have to say
for yourself old man why you jumping Oh
is he knocked out we stabilized 24 okay
Toki yeah if we bound his hands is it
reasonable to assume that he won't be
able to cast any sort of magic attack on
us yeah yeah yeah you know you wouldn't
cry off his hands while you're at it
I mean Toki okay sorry no no no we'll
just serious issues I'm sorry it's been
a very stressful day find his hands load
up in the cart we need to continue on
okay should we do yep
the wagon driver asks no questions as
you load the old man in the car and
continue barreling down the road how far
is the wagon taking you today are you
going to Seoul big are you going all the
way to Berkshire um well we want to go
to Seoul wick we're not running into the
other guy at all
you haven't yet you've only been on the
road a little while okay yeah we're
going to right now we're going to Seoul
WIC okay you continue along the road
traveling and about halfway through the
day you come across you've passed some
other people on the road although not
many people are moving but about halfway
through the day you do begin to catch up
to a wagon book open wagon with it just
a tarp strewn over the back of it pulled
by two donkeys and a middle-aged old man
before we did that
could I have bothered to nudge Daffy and
wake him up to heal me please
yeah die thank me back kill me too I
don't want any smallpox and you're
useless right now mumbo-jumbo humbo
bumbo I heal you I will kneel twice
take this and he slaps Lenny's ass nice
is that good enough money one more get
four claps you on the other cheek for
total of 13 Toki laps you only asked two
for six points of healing oh never to
you won't wonder can I take one more for
anything for it give me one more give me
yep
death just this time he just grabs you
by the shoulder and squeezes it for 12
Thank You dick you deaf and I kiss him
on the cheek he goes back into his
little corner of sadness and hungover
Ness but let me have carolyn's on myself
to death reaches out and stops you
before you do it oh okay your knee and
he uses a second-level spell slot to
kill you instead ok goo Eden 6:14
alright ok we're coming up to the other
carriage you are approaching the other
carriage from behind is there like a is
there a mask or something I can wear on
our like could we like fashion a bag and
poke two holes in it or whatever I mean
you can like pull yours yep sounds good
that's what I want to do quoits alright
Lennie takes his shirt off and puts it
around his face yes I Lenny I can do
this actually on my own just look I just
need to go through and tell the old man
I'm gonna go through his card it's fine
okay yes okay
alright I hop off the cart and I run up
to the old man kind of like run
alongside him and I just hop onto the
back of the cart my cart
um I draw my rapier and I hold it to him
and I tell him to stop the cart okay he
as you get to the front of the cart
stepping over his stuff you see that he
has a rape here in his hand across his
lap that he's pulled out from under his
blanket okay
and I guess we're we need a roll
initiative to see which one of you gets
to act first so sounds good he roll oh
he brawls a natural one like modified
three or four I don't think he lose to
you okay I don't think he can beat you
yeah I think I was a party roll but sure
are we I'm sorry do you not do called
attacks or like an eye attack his way
very occult shot
yeah don't you want to like knock the
weapon from his hand basically yeah
absolutely make me an attack role
against his weapon which is AC 1500 2014
let's see you are standing the back of a
moving car he's sitting in the car I
don't know I think there's no advantage
here yeah so you smack his weapon but
not enough to do anything okay and he's
just gonna stab back at you he rolls a
ten to hit you yeah nope like I'm seeing
this is gonna start to like walk up to
the car I want to do another called
attack against his sword
I mean I'm rolling I have to get a 15 to
hit this yes 15 okay
Lenny you can catch up to the car by now
that's still moving out of slow trot so
you can like run up to it mm-hmm
Lenny just disarmed him in check to see
if Lenny knows what do you want do you
see what is your call
it's your DC 15 wash Oh Lenny doesn't
know anything
Lenny just stabs him in the stomach
again 16 will hit him all right he goes
limp and cold hits the bottom
floorboards
Lenny moon what in the air no what he
was attacking you I don't have time to
oh god I started digging through the
back of the what is the understanding of
cart riders here like there's a guy
ferrying people around I give a [ __ ]
about what you do or as depends on the
person usually people aren't cool with
murder
yeah how far behind is he again it's not
too far like Lenny caught up in six
seconds far so he had full view of
everything that happened here can I go
through the card and look for the
leadbox and what do I need to roll up
you give me a perception check to search
the cart anyone else want to help them
out with this can I do a perception
check to see if it's the guy that I had
beat up before that's gonna be a
charisma check to see if you recognize
faces
17:17 will do it yeah this is absolutely
the same old guy from before no question
in your mind huh my second toki what are
you doing
I rolled that perception do I find the
box by the way I wanted to see what
other rolled okay I know he's not dead
dead he's bleeding to death
Oh Kenny likes tape China stabilizer
give me a medicine check uh yeah natural
20 oh yeah you stabilized him before he
dies
do we have any more heal spells left I
have one Sookie you gotta kill this guy
okay I'm gonna shoot but not until we
but he's stable now so let us go through
the card first okay but I'm waiting
waiting for instructions stand by all
right the car has come to a stop you
guys start you've ripped off the tarp on
the back you start opening boxes and
looking through things you go through
all of the crates in the back of the car
and you find nothing even remotely
resembling a leadbox is there any secret
compartments inside or could the lead
box be inside of another box a box on
the box it could happen well like do I
pick up like a box and it's like this is
pretty [ __ ] heavy like LED is pretty
heavy
no um you've been able to open all the
boxes and like look inside of each of
the boxes on the cart and you see
nothing in them at all okay no let boxes
in them they're like Toki Kentucky heal
the man and we need to question him real
quick sure all right
the man wakes up shakes his head Oh
brigands you got me just um just let me
go
Mike Musto old man we don't want to rob
you okay there was a leadbox that was
placed on this cart earlier do you
remember this leadbox oh your honor
anything about it no no at all I don't
know what you're talking about really
you don't remember anything that was
loaded under this cart you didn't look
at it you didn't watch anything being
loaded is he lying to me who are you
why you need can i inside check him does
he seem kind of suspicious inside check
no he seems pretty on the fly but you
only roll to ten so if he's at all good
at lying we're looking for a lead box
that might contain something that is of
incredible importance to that lady over
there okay that noble lady and we were
set by Fiona does he respond to the name
Fiona at all yeah his eyes quickly shift
to Lenny and like starts reading his
face okay
we need to know where this leadboxes
where we're going to kill every single
person we come across until we find it
Wow did your mother ever tell you
violence isn't the answer
I put the sword um okay maybe it's
sometimes the answer maybe it's
sometimes look
did you already look through my cart did
you find it we didn't find an old man
where's the leadbox it's not on the car
that's out of the car I push the blade
in a little bit it could be under the
cart Oh could I look under the cart yeah
there is a box that has been fastened to
the underside of the cart
I'd say wooden box it's a wooden box a
wooden box
what can I open the box and see what's
inside of it yeah at the inside is lined
with lead and sitting in the middle of
it is a bronze crown covered with jewels
okay
okay I kiss him on the cheek and say
dink hey what's going on I thought you
said fiona sent you what's the big deal
how are you stabbing me sorry thought
there was some other than
miscommunication in my ass you stabbed
me Fiona said you were running off with
it yo he what
that's [ __ ] she'd never said that
we're working together come on
most list of facts that show her
something debits tell him okay listen up
old man
Jacob Jacob was Fiona paying you a lot
of money for the shipment cutting we're
taking even cuts okay well clearly she
didn't want to give you that even cut so
we do a lot of work around here
involving smuggling if you wanna pay us
a pretty penny to find you to find this
crown to kill you and to take it and to
ship it for what I'm guessing is half
the cost she said this crown was worth
about three or four hundred gold and she
was gonna give us half of it by looking
at this crown I'm guessing it's worth
probably quite a bit more than that so
you should know Fiona
tried to sell you short the only reason
we're here is because she wanted us to
kill you you know what you look like a
cool guy we're not really comfortable
taking jobs like this so we're gonna
take the crown off your hands or we're
gonna leave you alive and we're gonna
head on our way we're gonna pretend this
never happened you figure out what you
want to do with Fiona or what or
anything else we're not gonna tell that
cute little Knight the lady or whatever
in a brown wait bond dungeon or whatever
that you're shipping things under our
nose we're gonna leave your reputation
alone you're gonna leave our reputation
alone and you can figure out how you
want to deal with Fiona and we're all
gonna go our separate ways but we're
gonna take this crown off your hands
man look do you do you have a person to
sell it to because I know someone who
can tear it apart for all its component
pieces we're returning it why don't you
let me sell off the pieces and we'll
just split it between us and well tell
Fiona I got robbed on the road and it
got taken from me and then we can all
profit together we're not evil you know
we could we got we got it we have other
things that we're gonna do listen old
man
unfortunately the cards you sit and play
right for you this time you're gonna
walk away empty-handed but be thankful
you're still walking away with both of
your hands all right you want me to cut
off his hand no we're good right we take
the cart we take the box and the old man
is clearly alive and doing okay and we
hop back on our cart yeah okay yep we
hop back on our cart and we shouted him
as we hop back on our cart everything
good old man so that our cart driver can
kind of see that yeah we're cool all
right yep and then we Pat our cart
driver on the on the shoulder and we say
listen can you just take us back to bun
but bond in 2c or whatever I think we
got what we came for sure what's with
the the naked old guy I don't know he
jumped us and tried to attack us I guess
we'll ask more questions and depending
on what he says maybe we'll turn him in
to the sheriff and bond unto sire see
her I guess do you guys turn around and
head back to town and a day late the old
man up wait you got away from to wake up
naturally he's like knocked unconscious
more yeah shaking hammer splashing with
water will help his brain needs to
recover but on the way he does wake up I
know that Lenny said he was riding up
front with the old man for protection so
I'm assuming it's Toki and nevets and
the inside the carriage when the man
wakes up sort of like slowly coming to
shaking his head muttering to himself
where am I what's going on
okay dagger to his throat all right
no funny business old man what are you
doing jumping people out here on the
road why are you naked why are there
[ __ ] bear what are you doing I like to
live free I thought you were bandits
attacking me okay
well we'll see if the sheriff has
anything to do with you when we get to
the next town or do you want to say
anything else
to us thankful you didn't kill me I'm
sorry for the misunderstanding and
grateful for the shelter okay let me
tell you
bug bareback it's not a pleasant way to
go there Harry and it shapes what's your
name
I'm Corbin Portman for v'n are you
performing mm-hmm I'm not poor quite
wealthy I have everything the world
needs to offer me as soon as I get the
hell out of this godforsaken City so how
do you want to get out of the city cuz I
don't like these people and I don't like
you people and I just want to go back
home where is home for you Aira dog that
place is [ __ ] yes it is
okay we're just making our way back to
the city while we keep the old guy under
watch yeah yes if you have his bag with
his stuff yeah we do in its name right
here on the cart can I hold it around in
there there's a pipe with a little bit
of tobacco you can pass that over please
absolutely not you wouldn't part an old
man with his pipe we don't know what
this pipe does I don't want this guy
disappearing 100 feet away from us or
something let me use it well I know if
it's magical I don't know if you'll be
able to interact with it Lenny magic I
know that yes where is the bag um it
should be sitting next to us right next
to me I guess in the car so just to get
like a quick visual yep um I'm assuming
you and toki are on one side of the car
and he's on the other side cuz he was
unconscious so he needs to lay down sure
uh and then the bag is in between you
and Toki on one of your side's one of
you is holding it how was this all
position I imagine Toki would probably
be holding on to it alright that evening
your cart pulls in to bond unto Seir
just as the Sun is beginning to go down
you pull on to the the front gates even
though it's not really walled town the
carriage driver waves to guard who knows
him he operates out of here all the time
and you guys pull right into town right
up to the same tavern where he Hyatt
where you hired him yesterday and she
opens the door to let you out thank you
for your business everyone sorry for the
trouble on the road I'm glad you could
help me with it
Lenny goes to give him a hug
he reciprocates your hug tenderly get
inside before it gets too cold tonight
nip um can you guys watch this guy and
I'll go check with the sheriff to see if
they've had any reports of this guy
attacking anybody maybe there's a bounty
on him tank his bag with you okay I'll
hold on to the bag and take it with me
but my spell books are in there
I need them oh those are expensive can
definitely spells from spell books or
double check for us I could use the
spell books no I can't I can draw in
them that's Jim I'm calling but I know
Daffy does not learn from spell books
this would not be useful to him okay as
I'm walking to the sheriff how much gold
and silver is in this bag there's like
20 pieces of gold thirty pieces of
silver and then there's like a full bag
of 50 copper okay um can I go to the
sheriff and in asking like if he's had
any reports of an old man or creatures
attacking people on the road that might
resemble bugbears yeah
the sheriff is a woman in her mid 30s
hmm she's got a breastplate on sword at
her side you approached her and asked
her about old naked old men attacking
people and she shakes her head and goes
I had a grandfather like that one time
you always strip off and run around
hitting people he got sick in the mind
he would get really weird near sundown
mm-hmm and that's it you don't no
attacks no reports nothing like that no
what was your grandfather's name oh okay
all right um can we go back to the hotel
I guess or the tavern where we're
staying yeah we head back to the tavern
but before you get there
Toki what were you doing with you know
the carts here and you and the old man
are sitting in the back you holding a
skier we're just gonna wait for nevets
to show up what are you doing with the
old man during this time yeah you can
talk to him know about him you know he's
really quirky wizard I'm only in town in
this part of the world because someone
asked for my services and I came all the
way over here to help them out with a
small problem there's and really I just
want to get home I am tired of you
people and your clothing and your weird
towns that smell awful
I just want to get back to my farm in
the middle of the woods away from
everyone else aren't you cold naked it's
freezing in the rain why are you naked
because life is best lived free the
constraints of clothing really eat away
at society no longer imagine the body
issues that people get when they're
going to think that they must hide
themselves I imagine that the amount of
freedom you gain when there's nothing
between you and the clear blue skies guy
from the coldness you'll never be able
to experience that free blue sky that's
why I'm getting out of these snowy lands
where I'm from it's warm warm enough
that you don't need clothes year-round
and if it gets cold you just snuggle up
next to the fire with a blanket and some
tea what kind of wizard are you I'm a
mage what that mean it means I'm a mage
I know what spell sorry was you what's
the job that you were given I can ask
just curious
an old friend of mine needed me to
create some minor magical effects for
him for his tavern wow that sounds cool
kind of effects for the pattern
you're gonna get the smile on his face
cuz well you see alright I invented the
spell when I was living out to the woods
oh that's a good one I call it poor
Vin's frosted cubes and you see you take
a small one inch by one inch by one inch
cube of granite and you enchant it
magically to permanently lower its
temperature and it creates a cold cube
and you create a bunch of these and then
you put them in people's drinks and then
you have permanently chilled beverages
that you can serve like like little
cubes of like ice but doesn't melt so it
doesn't dilute your drink and ice is
difficult to acquire especially in the
summer months true trees are cold all
year round so your friend just wanted
this for their tavern for colder drinks
pretty much yes well he needed it for a
party but extras around for afterwards
now I'm on the way home can you make I
know you do more refine things you know
would like make amazing iced amazing ice
in general which I would maybe want some
in the future cuz I love ice but don't
make ice well you make ice cold
I think rocks cold not freezing just
cold could you make my shield any better
no in theory [ __ ] you [ __ ] me okay well
thank you yeah I mean that's not I go
now I I think there's just been a big
misunderstanding I'd like my stuff and
I'd like to go now we will see what
Nevitt says when he gets back what the
way for a party oh no thanks he just
tells you what to do when you just do it
then right
you're your boss and you're his lackeys
I see why no I'm not
Lackey you're just waiting for his
instructions oh I can do my own thing
without with or without him here have
your stuff go well she doesn't have his
[ __ ] but I've got the bag oh thank god
you can go whenever you want but he has
her stuff thank you
and he did you guys tie him up
yes hands were tied okay puts his hands
out too you know he doesn't need his
hands to he's going to cast a spell on
us you're going to make me walk around
town with my hands bound together I'll
find someone else to untie them I'll
shove him down in the cart I mean he's
getting out me I'd like to shove him
back down okay he hits the seat again
and looks to you talking as I see
I am never lucky we just lucky we can
walk off he doesn't need his hands to
walk off you can go all the way and
watch him I am lucky you are your own
person Lenny your thoughts and opinions
you don't need nervous to tell you what
to do well you do I do
Oh see him kind of squeezing his face
and then there's this kinda like sound
and a terrible smell begins to permeate
the cart eyes Lenny in the eyes and kind
of gives a knowing smile and nodded but
many will fall on [ __ ] like pull your
pants down
alright you can leave the cart and we're
gonna leave that seen his attempt to get
you to leave the cart so he could untie
his hands failed the worst possible
response ever so that's fine
alright a few minutes later nevets comes
back I couldn't hold my bow snippet yeah
I kind of like can I guess smell the
radiating you order from the car
yeah you can see the cart driver is like
in a doorway a little ways over watching
what's happening and shaking his head
but not getting involved well huh
can I take you said there was about 30
gold in the bag it was like thirty gold
gold 40 silver 50 copper yeah okay can I
take
can I take I'm gonna take ten gold out
of the bag like pretty obviously like in
front of him in the car turn over
sure okay I'm adding that's my sheet and
then I'll toss the bag to the old man
I'll say this is for the trouble
transporting us and for the trouble you
caused us on the road but we have no
qualms with you good luck on your
adventure as old man can I get my stuff
back yeah I tossed him the bag of
everything so he should have okay
he quickly rifles through it making sure
everything is there there's nothing else
you guys took out I took out the thing
the art archway thing yeah you took out
the stone archway yes that's in my PO
okay alright
he does a quick rifle rules of one on
his perception check thinks everything
is in his bag and throws it over his
shoulder and walks away into town okay
alright
do you um does daffy have detect magic
death that's a great question
he does but he has no spells unless he's
another technical spells line yeah Oh
daph does not have detect magic is there
anybody in this city that would be able
to detect magic on a spell like
something yeah you could oh I knew
someone at it after they called man like
wanders off whatever can I toss this to
Toki and ask her to did the tech magic
yeah is it magical where would you like
to do this detection we can like write a
really not yeah we can rent a room at
this advant for the night and hang on
inside yeah no [ __ ] stained card perfect
you guys head into your tavern you cast
a text magic
and yes indeed the archway is magic
let's see detect magic for the duration
you sense the presence of magic within
30 feet of you if you sense magic this
way you can use your action to see a
faint aura around any visible creature
or object in the area that bears any
magic and you learn at school if any
okay so it is from the school of
conjuration and summoning I all last
Toki any idea what is it is it magical
super magical super magical what what
does happen it's like the thing that
that's all you said it's like a thing
that conjures from the school of
conjuration it's this school conjuration
so it would produce some sort of effect
similar to other conjuration spells
which you know there are a lot of that
it's all sort of involved in the same
stuff like some anything a portal
something like that something like that
okay how do we use it Toby I don't think
I would know like I just know what it
it's magical all right do you want it do
you think we should try to use it like
what if this is like way above our pay
grade I mean I don't know how to conjure
anything so they'd be up to you Toki
maybe we've wait and ask is 'red another
one or ask the same one I think he'd be
okay with us having it yeah okay
I guess we probably sleep for the night
there's something we can do right now
double your snapchat why calendar here I
use I hit this no right all row one as
well what oh really
next day
next day the 11th of February 1512 what
do you do you're here in town the rain
is still coming down slowly a little bit
we probably have to find a we need to
find passage back to that city it's been
a while we've left a week ago we need to
get back there so we can return this
crown we're off to find the Wizard The
Wonderful Wizard of our game okay we
want passage back to whaler's bay how do
we do it
all right you find passage back to
wheelers Bay there's not a ship leaving
for a couple of days but then you can
just hop on it and take it back mm-hmm
long rest baby week to get back there
you'll long rest and everyone what's the
date you will be leaving on the the 13th
of February so we get there like the
20th of February yes but there's one
small problem what why don't we take our
break and when we come back from a break
I'll tell you what are one small problem
why don't wait goods all right we are
going on break feedback hello everybody
and welcome back to have dice and men
there is only one small problem with
your return and that is the day you hop
on the boat
there is mutterings among all the people
about something weird apparently today
is the day the first day of winter that
you should be able to see stars in the
winter sky and we need to talk a little
about theology for a moment here in our
world the gods are personified by
constellations in the sky when I say
personified it's like looking into
another [ __ ] you know a fourth
dimensional realm the constellations of
the gods in the sky are the gods when
you see like the constellation of milkis
you're actually literally directly
looking at him and this morning this
last night was when the first star of
matric all should have shifted into view
but it didn't and people were like what
the hell
our astronomers wrong what it was a
little bit weird but on your week long
journey back to whaler's bay each night
your sailors look up and you guys look
up and you do not see stars in the sky
of metrical the goddess matric all the
goddess of Hope is not present she's
gone she's just not here hmm
well anything about gods or anything
like that that's very spooky yeah and
it's really sort of out of your
wheelhouse like what can you do if a God
decides to disappear but it is not a
great woman because Matt Rodell is the
goddess of hope and if hope is not
showing up in the sky people are not
taking that as a good sign the winter
sky remains dark and bleak and empty and
devoid of all stars as you sail from
bond unto Seir all the way to whaler's
bay around the Cape of Arcadia past the
frost lands past bond may pass stone
port in the southern steps past the
dogwood around the edge of the iron Peak
iron Ridge past Crumlin past Ireland
point where there are sirens so you
don't want to get too close and finally
back to whaler's bay she has not shown
up once during this time okay well sex
plenty of people that like that good yes
yep all right you guys ride back and
Willa's Bay a week later you said that
you would be back in exactly two weeks
it's been one it's been like two weeks
in four days since you've left so what
do you do where are you going what is
your first action back in town can we
find the who were the people that were
originally well actually can we like
hang out in a tavern and just sit here
if anybody has heard like complaints
like is the Baroness complaining like oh
we don't have
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah yes I will just
ignore all the talk about MACT recalled
missing because no one really cares are
you guys don't care it doesn't matters
for the storyline here but that's the
main discussion people are having aside
from that there is a lot of joking about
the Baroness and her spending blowing
all this money on a crown that gets
stolen the lack of internal security
because she's been dismissing officers
since like there's no crime in town it's
really low crime area so she's been like
letting up on town security for a while
now and all of a sudden that's like
really fancy crown she gets it stolen it
you get like more of a mocking tone like
wow this person is a terrible
administrator that seems to be the
atmosphere and mood going on chuckles
over her shoddy spending
okay um I mean I guess we're at a table
like talking amongst ourselves so how do
you guys suggest we inform the Baroness
that we have found her crown Toki knows
her Toki knows there does Toki know her
what the banners have heard of me
probably not personally you were yeah
you were a lower Noble that she was so
you would know her but she might have
known your family what's your family's
last name indeed it did is it Toki
indeed or do I just make my mouth yeah
what's your family's last name bar bell
no no no let me let me think this is
this isn't this is important well Oki
Picchu
all right toki Pichu she might know the
Pichu family although she probably
doesn't know you you've been out of the
nobility for a while you're pretty old
she's kind of young she probably knows
her of your family if not your family
exactly well she wouldn't think like we
had stolen or anything right that's the
problem we have to worry you can first
go to her say like we heard your crowns
missing we'll find a point we could just
go and say we have her crown because the
guards told us to get it for her
as much as I'm usually opposed to this
we could just be completely open about
everything from start to finish that we
saw the crown was stolen that we did an
investigation from start to finish we
were able to recover the crown being
smuggled halfway across the world world
continent and that we've brought it back
to her here to return it honesty is the
best policy
I admire that yeah I got a lot all right
is that the plan yeah well if we do this
it's possible we get this Baroness is
like pretty powerful here yeah yeah
she's the lead person of the town okay
can we find the guards that we first saw
like find those exact guards yeah okay
so I would like to have like our box
with the crown in it and then we I would
like to approach the the guards I guess
of the gate to the estate or whatever
yes and then ask for an audience with
the Baroness and say that it has to do
with the missing crown they will
immediately bring you inside they will
ask for all of your weapons before you
meet with her um
disarm you all and then bring you before
her she is sitting in her audience
chamber surrounded by her guards when
they am a cleric and a wizard when they
search for things real quick are we able
to hide like a dagger on our body or
something is that okay do we'd make a
check if you want to make a slide of
hands check to hide the dagger
it'll be opposed by their perception
check to search you but if they find you
hiding a dagger on you they'll probably
think that you're trying to kill someone
or do something [ __ ] oh I give them
everything yeah that's Monica area too
no delivery um okay yeah yeah so we're
inside approaching the Baroness whatever
yeah you're in her audience chamber
she has Knights cleric and a wizard
nearby and as you are walking up to her
she stands up in a huff and says my
crown have you found it before we speak
there were a couple of guards that
initially witnessed this crown being
stolen are those guards still in your
employ today they're currently in the
stockades being punished for their weak
ways those guards asked us to see if we
could find where this crowd crown had
wound up yes and there is a 10% finder's
fee on the total cost of the crown for
those who bring it to me okay have you
been how did you with it you know could
I with it with you could I I guess like
take out the box and and present it I
guess she greedily steps forward and her
guards have to kind of like hustle to
catch up to her mm-hmm as she approaches
you in the box you notice they are very
wary with hands near weapons just in
case this is some sort of trap but she
approaches you and reaches out to open
the box opens it and sees the crown
pulls it up immediately places on her
head and does like a little twirl back
towards her chair giggling to herself Oh
excellent
thank you thank you so much what are
your names you should all be well
rewarded for this
I am Lenny Lenny the brave Lenny the
brave wonderful and you I am Toki Toki
and nevets and death we are higher than
well I don't know if you've heard of us
yeah what would death would probably
introduce us we are part of the various
operations agency and we do these kinds
of jobs uh-huh quite often and yeah
whatever I see but thank you so much for
this I will have my treasurer bring you
gold is that your preferred item yeah I
mean we do a lot of investigatory work
if you have any type of magical items I
mean those would be an amazing payment
as well but otherwise gold is good
let's just give you gold magic items are
difficult to come by difficult to get
rid of and difficult to narrow nail down
their price your crown was difficult to
nail down
yes I'm sure was and that's why you will
be handsomely paid 40,000 copper for it
thank you
Wow third Sienna curtsy at her all right
they bring out eight bags of gold for
you each bag contains 50 coins and they
set it down on the tiled floor in the
audience Hall mm-hmm that's great while
we're here maybe as a has a bonus if I
could ask is it possible that I could
ask your wizard to identify an item that
we came across while we were searching
for your crown maybe you could tell us
some information about it even she snaps
her fingers of course wizard tend to
these people I assume I don't need to be
present for this stuff so go off and do
it in one of your chambers or something
okay thank you again people of Voe uh if
I need to find you for other interesting
jobs of like this where where might I be
able to reach you and we give her the
other servants I guess in her place yeah
so you tell her where you live and all
that jazz she's thrilled
she leaves with a crown and the wizard
brings you guys back to one of his small
little laboratories deep within the key
mm-hmm you find yourselves underground
in a stone room lots of open space some
benches on the sides some glassware with
bubbling fluids in him real quick so we
are adding four hundred gold to our
sheet yeah add it to the party sheet or
something I don't know okay okay
okay I don't wait how do you even access
the party she said where the handouts
are it's in like the traveling party
sheet it should be somewhere in there I
think I see traveling a party but I
don't see how to access like a she just
double-click it like it's like a regular
character sheet oh and a kegger she and
I say I think Kay Torino keeps the gold
on her person and not in the sheet oh is
that where she keeps it I guess and I
mean I don't see that she thought that
part that K that sheet was like a
notepad she has or something on
someone's sheet right now my third in
the party sheet the foreigner girl does
it a party sheet oh yeah that's perfect
sweet okay so where is him yeah he
brings you down to his laboratory as
you're walking asks so tell me what is
this archway you found can we just show
it to him yeah we can show it to him
basically one of us had an uncle that
passed away he left this heirloom to us
we were just curious if you could
identify it he brings it down to within
his tower and into the dungeon basement
area examines it looks over before
casting spells and marbles oh that the
detail on this is amazing it's as if
someone edged out little tiny tiny look
at this and he brings you over and has
that large magnifying glass tea place is
over and you can see that the detail on
the stonework is some of the best stuff
you've ever seen like there are little
tiny indentations and carvings on the
sides that kind of makes stones look
rough but you need like a magnifying
glass to look at to even notice these
small details mm-hmm and he mutters to
himself this is unusual work for such a
ordinary ornament but may I ask what
your grandfather what his business was
collector of items he does a lot of
strange collect items in his possession
man this is one that was handed down
right well it looks expensive which
means it's probably magical so let's
let's get a quick detection here and he
rubs his hands together place this is on
the item cast some spells save some
words his eyes kind of roll back and
turn purple for a moment and then he
looks at it and goes oh yes it is I
think there's even changes that have
happened look look here and he brings
you closer and you can see that there's
some sort of itching 'he's within the
stone archway to have appeared now but
they're too small to be properly read I
can't read what those are but just a bit
more investigation and we'll get it
sorted out and next of all I need to
cast will take a full day of preparation
and I need some level of privacy to do
it you know where I am and who I am that
I won't steal this from you yeah we'll
come back in a day tomorrow and I'll
tell you what I can
mm-hmm excellent okay Martha's do they
have like a guess like room and the now
we can stay at the tavern it's okay I
don't want to impose well we have to pay
now pay what it's like listen we just
got super favorable with this lady we
don't to overstay our welcome oh yeah
and that 12 grand that you pay every
month covers all of these sorts of
expenses tavern expenses and everything
so you're fine you're fine all right why
do we dole out some experience first of
all for this quest and sorta not gonna
tell us what it is this session we're
gonna give you some experience first and
we'll work our way there eventually just
wanna not so today you defeated two
bugbears a wizard you did defeat a fifth
level wizard pistol level where were the
fireballs at he didn't have fireball he
had monster summoning which is a third
level spell what a loser
yeah that spell sucks I don't know a
little bit a little bit more just really
awesome that's what happened yeah
that's the truth
we defeated those ladies the roads yep
yep you did track down the Rogues that
gave you the slip and cornered them you
successfully found the crown and
retrieved it and brought it back that is
worth the big quest XP and what did you
do last session on your way down there
did you get in a fight yeah you fought
the two triffett knock riff ins
Griffin's on the way over there Griffin
listen yeah I don't think you got xp for
that yet so let's add it in now abcdefg
alright well add here and we'll divide
this between four people I guess staff
was here for half mission yeah that's
good I think yeah we used to spell swaps
like a [ __ ] slave why doesn't
everyone take home 1,125 experience that
gets you to level five return it fit how
much was it 1321 one two five is the new
XP you got I think you should all be at
six two two five is that right is that
what you ended up at yeah I what 60 250
is that what you said 60 225 that's why
I got when I added it to Daffy sheets
which leads you 275 experience away from
leveling was so close do you think we're
getting the XP for learning with this
great magic item oh no no there's no
excuse for that all right I think we
should wait till next session to figure
out what this is cuz you're gonna want
Daffy around for this it'll be important
so we'll end our session here on time
for once
well it sounds good congratulations on
completing the quest of the stolen crown
next week when we come back we will
hopefully have some new storylines and
some more adventures for you all why did
we miss the crown being ran to the boat
what happened oh did we mess something
up nope you didn't mess anything up
well it's actually it's a great question
why don't we take a look at the whaler's
bay mat so how this all went down is
there were the three brigands who stole
the [ __ ] and then there was a handoff in
an alleyway in this alleyway can you see
where my ping is yep yeah so they had
run down this way over here came up
through here
there was a trade off to the smuggler
who had a whole bunch of legitimate
goods they were shipping and then a
smuggler once they got that just took it
back to the warehouse where they had put
all their other goods and that was
during the process at which people were
going back to find you and then you had
left watching the ship as the rest of
his stuff started to get loaded on they
pulled you away just as that you would
have been watching that stuff it was
just a unfortunate timing uh-huh and
there were some witnesses in these
alleyways there were other there were
plenty of other clues lying about that
we never got to but this worked out in
the end anyway so congratulations Thank
You congratulations to you hmm thank you
thank you you want to talk us out um
yeah I'm sure I think of there's
anything else I should be asking it
seems a little broken I mean no this is
up for you to decide but it seems a
little silly ish that um that you can
detect lead do you think that shouldn't
happen or leadboxes yeah that have led
us something that can can hide magic
detection why can you detect the let
itself because so that's only really
applicable if you know the items nearby
right okay and there are plenty of other
things that come in lead so safes are
led bound anyone that has magic items
might hide them in led box as well
there's gonna be a lot of false leads on
lead boxes okay um okay and let it's
pretty cheap correct let is cheap yeah
yeah so everybody gonna know whatever
yeah and it really only works in a
situation where you're like searching
for something and then someone is
intentionally and knowingly hiding it
from magic for these particular reasons
sure sounds good yeah locate objects is
gonna be way more useful in the future
this was the one time that they were
prepared for magic okay yeah all right
sounds good
okay i mean i'm destinee you can find me
at twitch.tv slash destiny
Lily Pete you but anything go for it
early Pichu cool mr. Bertoni
I am mr. Mouton try me enter TV mister
and checkout designed by humans dot-com
/ destiny for all of his merch Wow and
coins you can find me on Twitter set to
be / Chloe boo I run all bunch of D&D
campaigns with these people and others
if you like indeed come on by we'll be
laying on Saturday with it to humans
dot-com / destiny doesn't work good one
marriage I don't know it's something
it's / / destiny how about just destiny
that GG / shirt there you go yeah that's
why okay alright well thanks for joining
us I think we'll be here at normal time
next time right
mmm I think so we should be alright cool
well catch you guys next episode see ya
[Music]
[Laughter]
