all right here we go boys
yeah boy oh boy oh boy yeah boy what's
up Oh your mics not working hello oh
yeah hey you have a master's in
philosophy in neuroscience yeah - well
one in philosophy okay I have a really
low opinion of people that do
neuroscience so you're gonna turn that
around today okay are you ready what
what what what did I hear a lot of
people that study neuroscience a lot of
really dumb [ __ ] so you're here today to
turn that all around to blow my brains
out okay well that would be bad for your
brains
I'm ready for it I want it to happen
okay why do you think Free Will exists
go wait first what let's define free
well what do you mean by free well okay
I'm a compatibilist have you heard that
term before yeah that's probably what I
am but okay so you do believe in free
will what what what version of free will
don't you believe in um I don't know
this is the official philosophical term
but I think what I've seen it written as
is libertarian free will okay okay yeah
I don't know there's like an official
like philosophical position now but
basically the concept that I've heard it
explained is libertarian free well or
maybe you could say like the layman's
version of free will is that if you
could go back in time like one hour and
like make decisions that those decisions
might somehow be different okay so like
what my position would be that if we
could measure a person from the moment
of birth that if we could accurately
capture every single variable in the
universe that you could with 100%
accuracy predict every single decision
and every single thought in every single
board they'll ever say ever make ever
any of that throughout their entire life
I don't think that's possible because
actually there's something called the
free energy principle okay let me do
this real quick okay before we go into
this so from everything that well from
everything that I've been emailed from
people that study quantum physics they
always try to tell me that or the things
that I've seen have said that
strangeness doesn't manifest at a macro
level such that would impact anything
there [ __ ] there was a role for this
yeah but like so yeah so there's that
and then there's the idea that even if I
grant you that and will say that I drop
determinism or whatever that I would
just say I'm anti free well like even if
there is some weird quantum [ __ ] that
might manifest at a physical level it
doesn't matter because you can't exit
influence anyway but okay go for it
well yeah I suppose yeah it's not I
wasn't gonna say any member jambo about
quantum nonsense because it is nonsense
but and as you say it can't it can't
manifest on the sort of macro level that
would actually really influence
genuinely and give us sort of genuine
common sense you know folk philosophy
free will but I think a free will does
exist which isn't necessarily which
isn't necessarily 100% at odds with
mechanistic determinism that is to say
that I think that we undervalue the the
I suppose the Abbott ability to use a
term that someone like Daniel Dennett
uses a lot do you know that guy I'm
capable the guy evitable 'ti capable of
being avoided or warded off evert able
okay yeah yeah yeah so like what do you
think about his version of compatibilism
I'm not used that his version is but go
ahead
so his version would be something like
you know a mouse you know that learns to
avoid mousetraps but still gets the
cheese you know because they nibble on
the right side of the trap or whatever
it is is exerting some abbut ability in
the sense that they they have sort of
taught themselves through experience or
whatever to avoid negative consequences
for themselves and in that sense they
have exerted a will but it is it's as
much a wheel as I suppose
you know ultimately a boulder kind of
falling down a cliff and just randomly
killing someone if you want to be
strictly mechanistic about it but still
it's a type of evitable 'ti that carries
with it some kind of moral
responsibility which i think is very
important
yeah and this sounds like this sounds
like a pretty standard definition of
compatibilism or is insofar as I'm aware
so I mean like I don't really disagree
with any of this right I would so I
would say I'd probably in a
philosophical sense be a compatible list
because it's important in order to
assign some sort of agency to an actor
that they do exert some type of freewill
otherwise you're gonna do a lot of like
really weird [ __ ] yeah yeah and I
suppose something that I have an issue
with with you justin is that you very
regularly say things I mean I know you
you know it's half your audience is
autistic so you're sort of maybe
claiming things too broadly sometimes
but that's probably more for
entertainment purposes but when you say
something well I'm just thinking like
when you say for example oh well
free will doesn't exist full stop then
perhaps some of your viewers get an idea
in their head are well free will doesn't
exist destiny said so I can just go and
kill my mum you know because it doesn't
matter and I've know because because I
think it's a very easy step from there's
no free will to I have no no moral
responsibility whatsoever
do you agree not really but I see how
you could get there I mean I mean that
people would still know that they're
gonna suffer consequences and [ __ ] right
like yeah show but but just it it
reduces moral agency to effectively
nothing yeah but this is actually
something that I'm a fan of I'm a very
big fan of this but maybe in a [ __ ] up
way or maybe because I haven't thought
about it enough you're a fan of nervous
no moral responsibility yeah so I'm a
fan of responsibility insofar as it
impacts outcomes but I don't like the
idea behind moral responsibility because
I believe that the burden of moral
responsibility is not
distributed in a fair way so for
instance like people would look at
people and say that murder is wrong and
like it's very easy to say that
murderers are bad people but that like
if you have this kind of like twisted
concept of agency or freewill in your
head that you might look at somebody
that has a perfectly fine life and then
wakes up one day and it's like I'm
pissed off and go kill people that you
give that guy the same type of moral
weight I say like a Taliban soldier I
somebody that's been doing it since they
were like [ __ ] 5 years old and like
that concept that in my opinion a
cancerous concept the layman's version
not necessarily compatible is version
but the layman's version of free will
just leads you to ascribe these
impossible in [ __ ] levels of agency
to people when normal people don't have
this right and if yeah and if you're a
neuroscientist right you have you must
understand this that like nobody makes a
choice in a [ __ ] vacuum that
antecedent causes and all of our yeah is
are like so [ __ ] important in terms
of determining
even your current like whether or not
you're tired or under the influence of a
drug whatever right yeah yeah yeah sure
but there's still like degrees right so
the yeah I mean I agree the the Taliban
soldier and the guy who just for
whatever reason has strike or something
in his frontal lobe and all of a sudden
kills randomly someone you know that's
that's kind of not equivalent at all
because one had some sort of contextual
region reasons which are very unusual
and we can I think actually almost said
they're not responsible in in some cases
but that's not because they have no free
will but rather their free will was kind
of distorted people still have free will
and still have some moral responsibility
but have you heard though the
distinction made between blameworthiness
and and moral agency not really unless
this ties in to the idea that like free
will is said to be that when you make a
choice without somebody like directly
and imminently forcing you to make a
decision that's said to be your choice
or it's something like that or yeah
that's I suppose a version of it
let me think one second yeah you could
argue it's a version of it so another so
what I was thinking of was the sort of
the ideas I think some of your founding
fathers and so on was slaver and that's
right I don't know what yeah so would
you blame them for being slave owners
morally speaking probably not no I'm
kind of a relativist I guess in terms of
morality a judging passed people based
on current moral norms is kind of silly
in my opinion but it was wrong for them
to own slaves right um oh god dude I
don't hi we don't we don't have to we
don't have to pick that one we can we if
that's too sensitive
I mean I'm very yeah philosophically I
mean I'm very in flux at the moment I
don't necessarily believe in moral
statements at the moment so like I would
never say something right or wrong yeah
but that's like a different I'm related
I'm still exploring that idea yeah but
no that's that's very interesting so
you're like you believe in like era
theory or no yeah I'm an Aries but I
just had like a PhD philosopher yes to
somebody like with the Masters of
philosophy explaining to me for like an
hour why being an era theorist retarders
huh that's right you can think about
them but you know there's something else
called non-cognitive yeah that's not
kind of ism is really [ __ ] dumb I
don't agree with that at all yeah all
right good well yeah you're at least on
the wrong the right side of the
cognitivist debate okay but all right so
but I don't know like go go back to even
[ __ ] Aristotle's Aristotle you know
defended slavery what do you think about
that do you think that makes him a worse
person or do you think so like I suppose
I'm asking you to judge his character on
the one hand and also the the truth
status of that belief i if you're an
arrow theorist maybe you you have no
sure so I've never like spoken words
exactly about this type of thing before
so I'm kind of spitballing this but like
if Ike if if we could if we could
presuppose some sort of like as much as
I hate to say there's some sort of moral
ideal
right okay so like a perfect moral world
if that existed on an axis all the way
to the right at one hundred and moral
debauchery and the horrendous [ __ ] is at
zero then like I feel like the way that
I would judge a person is relative to
whatever their culture was at the time
so for instance if you ask me you know
do you think that Aristotle was a bad
person because he defended slavery I
would have to look to the norms at the
time let's say that everybody at that
time thought that slavery was great but
they also like raped and tortured their
slaves but Aristotle argued slavery is
fine but we ought treat our slaves
kindly well then I would say like okay
well he was a pretty progressive person
at that point in time I wouldn't judge
him by today's standards is what I would
say
Saigon's yeah yeah but what what about
like how do you how do you sit the 100
and the zero on that scale because
you're saying that you you have well and
that would be like in a hypothetical
like if I could like predict like a
perfect but okay so if you could if you
could name precisely what actually was a
hundred percent good and what was
absolutely bad then you could start
creating that kind of scale relative to
different communities and contexts and
times and put people on the scale and
judge them according to that scale yeah
if you could physics but I but I
wouldn't believe that that scale exists
right because I don't believe that moral
facts are a thing so I okay but all
right so your your your compatibilist
who doesn't believe in moral facts but
moral agency I mean I guess it exists I
just think it's a worthless concept I'm
just not interested in ever considering
it I guess but you're interested in
saying things are right or wrong right
that's constantly what you're doing
intubates
everyday because when I need to go wrong
well I mean let's try it so I'm
interested in saying what's right or
wrong in regards to non moral facts on
so for instance will immigration produce
a economic gain or an economic loss like
I believe that I get what do you care
about that question because we're gonna
get down into some epistemological show
that I
[ __ ] talk about it okay all right
here's my getting it no I because this
is essentially the argument was
yesterday the argument that the other
guy post me yesterday was that mall
anti-realism is absolutely [ __ ]
[ __ ] because for you to begin at any
point for you to make any claim
whatsoever for even claims of like
mathematics or whatever you have to have
some end goal in mind because these are
all tools used to get there and if you
do believe in any end goal you
necessarily must be making a moral
statement so how can you ever be a mole
anti-realist right it was essentially so
but this is like this was literally just
introduced to me like yesterday so I've
never had like extensive time to think
about this so yeah so maybe I'll change
my mind on all of this but yeah all
right yes well okay that's okay but the
way that um the way that I would have
justified this a few days ago what I
would have said where I'm an aim role or
anti moral realist or whatever or or
mole anti-realist whatever is what I
would say that like I'm like everything
that I do is self-interested and this is
the basis of which I build all of my
quote unquote moral statements off of
not believing they're moral statements
but just an expression of preferences
where I would say that like I so I
personally value things like immigration
because I believe it strengthens my
country and a country that stronger
ultimately benefits me would be how I
approach all of these topics is what
produces an end result that's more
beneficial to my biological preferences
or whatever and you don't have empathy
for people say in China and benefiting
their social no not intrinsically no
definitely not okay chat please note and
clip that so destiny can we not do this
right now I already do enough [ __ ]
autistic [ __ ] moral people to do this
[ __ ] to me
[ __ ] a vegan debate oh wait you yeah
actually
oh really
yep cuz you know what I can eat animals
promote entire [ __ ] life and humans
can eat animals or our entire [ __ ]
lives and they will never rise up and do
anything bad against us so [ __ ] them but
you care like you had pets in your life
or animals that you like sure I've got a
car too if I own it and it's my thing
and it brings me personal happiness that
exceeds the happiness I'd get from
eating it then yeah of course I'll keep
it around yeah but don't tell me that
your your dog is just like your Cara
it's not a complex automata
sure I mean if some extent is right it
can be like a stuffed animal
it's my mean they're more complex so you
can interact with them in a larger
variety of ways but like animals are
like more complicated Furbys or whatever
right okay we'll do those more
complicated Furbies those animals do
they experience pain maybe but I'm not
concerned with that I don't care about
that you don't care about that no why
what do you care if I experience pain no
do you care if I don't shop ring it's
not like an experience that I value so
you don't care if you suffer I do if I
suffer yeah I'm sorry suffering like on
its own it's not but if it's something
that harms my preferences or experiences
I would care about that can I flip this
on you and ask you to compel me to care
about the suffering of something else
what what would be the reason for doing
it
well I mean ultimately I would have to
try and convince you that moral facts
exist I think because without it for
someone in your position it sounds like
you're kind of like I mean put aside
that a meta ethics for a moment it
sounds like you're almost kind of like
an ego egoist you know yeah someone who
basically just cares about their own
hell yeah so you're sort of a
utilitarian egoist or something yep who
cares about preferences okay well yeah I
just don't know I mean do you have do
you have a preference to live in a world
that has less suffering you say do you
don't care about suffering in general I
do but because it's usually more
beneficial for me so for instance let's
say I go out to eat and I've got like
there's ten candy bars on a table and
I'm with nine friends right I might like
so what I would consider a [ __ ]
objection to my egoism would somebody
who said well the egoist would grab and
eat all ten candy bars and [ __ ] his
friends but in reality my friends would
be mad at me they probably would have a
less enjoyable experience I like
spending time with people that are more
happy than sad so like I would be
willing to share the candy because it in
a way it benefits me in a net way right
right so everything you do you just
basically said is for your own net gain
yeah
absolutely everything yeah even carrying
your son yeah because I like but seeing
my son happy I've got a strong emotional
attachment zone yeah III think that's
the truth I really don't I
or if it is I can't empathize with that
ever because I know yeah III just can't
empathize with that if that's true the
truth and I kind of doubt it is I think
that but I mean I have a personality
bias and you have a personality bias so
to get to the truth of the matter
between which personality is closer to
the true human nature or the true
essence of things is pretty difficult
one to solve but I mean in general if we
looked at the human population I think
most people do care about others
suffering in and that could have arisen
only due to say evolutionary terms you
know in in an egotistic utilitarian
fashion someone in your tribe is
suffering it could mean that they're ill
that they're distressed that they're
starving and therefore you should
support them or else that could flick to
you by extension mmm-hmm so it's it's
totally possible that that that's the
reason why most humans have some empathy
but for you to have essentially no
objective empathy is kind of unusual and
I'm I can understand yes yeah we can if
you want we can do the 30-minute debate
where you say that I'm lying and then
I'll have to say that well I'm gonna be
lying but if I am lying I'm not going to
admit the truth now for the sake of the
debate I'll keep lying to win and then
we realize that it goes here I guess
here to be like my question dude you can
pull me out okay
you're the guy that can do it okay you
got the qualifications so here's my
question I'm on my [ __ ] deathbed and
I can push a button that ends all of
humanity but then extend my existence
for five or ten minutes not to push the
button why would I never why would I
ever not push the button if do you know
the inquiring ax murderer at your door
scenario [ __ ] I feel like I've heard it
