hello it's uh penny hey what up how you
doing ah good it's good to talk to you
man I was uh I've been up all for a long
time and I'm really slap-happy man how
long have you been up for know like 23
hours some [ __ ] now yeah yeah I'm trying
to fix my schedule I stream this morning
and now I'm just bored and I'm watching
you play some weird-ass game okay yeah
what have you been up to just plain
weird ass games pretty much true every
time I hear your voice I feel better
just me what the [ __ ] is this what are
your girls escaping yeah they're great
Oh still pee for like two days but um
are you still streaming have you found
like um have you found a business
building uh yeah but playing IRL bro I'm
to play let's try and get laid cuz it's
been eight bolts you know what I mean
oh nice I like yeah how do I do
I don't know help me out buddy
come on bit um I have no idea dude I
don't keep up with your with your life
stuff as a plant yourself not sure yeah
I mean I've been off the grid for a
while but uh I'm back in autism Texas
again streams are going pretty well
yeah firing up a you know a xxx Mitch
Jones new leaf comes you come back you
feel me yeah dude yep so living in a
streamer house oh [ __ ] are you really
wait who do you live with no a little
with a bunch of streamer girls that's
had really yeah and my boy Ethan and
sodapoppin his brother you know decaying
right I think so yeah it's pretty cool
like a rapper did I don't know yep and a
bunch of girl a little with pink
sparkles and the asthma colds always
here like real we're all just like me
man out and [ __ ] yeah it's doing the
meme life
what do you been up to um not much I
mean just doing my streaming thing
there's like no fun games right a play
at the moment though so I've been doing
League again
oh dude yo let me know if you're trying
to q I'm not really into it right now
but when I was when I was ditching for a
while I played I got the d4 okay I'll
keep that in mind yeah I'm a rivet and
only dude I'll [ __ ] I'll feed or I
won't feed it'll be great wait what um
you're like your d1 right no I'm do you
fine oh do you still want Lee play
Draven I'm driving her jinx yeah yeah
yeah do you still talk with that one
girl that sounds like an anime character
um Lily
I don't know whichever girl sounds like
super kawaii and has like the flowers
every year yeah that girl yeah she's
gone yeah yeah she seems chill she
definitely does seem chill oh no man I
just it's been a while you know I miss
you bro
let me see you too buddy yeah well after
well I want to hang out with you IRL
I've never met you okay I have I met you
um I don't think so
Oh I mean we might have maybe briefly in
an event or something but I don't think
I've met you actually damn that's
unfortunate I gotta meet you soon are
you good what's next vague it probably
some twitchcon or something twitchcon
all right yeah we'll [ __ ] hang out
man do you try to do some I roll streams
um sometimes I do yeah dude let me know
if you want to visit Austin
you should you should actually come to
Austin for a bit I think you'd like it
here yeah maybe I'm getting closer well
you're in LA right now who do you chill
with an LA no one that's on and the
offline people sometimes yeah how about
Andy um he doesn't he live in Japan
right now yeah be he's travelling there
right but like he lives in LA doesn't he
lives in LA but I think he's in Japan
for like a month or two or something
right now I think I could be wrong wait
really I
so yeah what the [ __ ] that's crazy oh
you know that yeah damn well I don't
know yeah I don't know what to say now
so I'm gonna go okay well you have fun
buddy stay safe yeah but uh please teach
me your ways man you're actually killing
it dude I gotta learn okay thanks buddy
yeah you were always right destiny you
were always right okay remember those
things you said about me dude you were
always right dawg just know that all
right have fun Pizza are seated by the
contagion what your head isn't this like
the meme or whatever
Jesus okay listen I don't give a [ __ ]
about spoilers okay a lot of people do
this is like the whole movie wait why
would you reveal this much where was
that one video watch trailers or
spoilers Jesus Christ by the way guys
just want you to know I'm the one who's
still mad they say as they make another
200 comment thread hunt on superhero
movie spoilers another one but I'm still
mad remember is there another one today
or was it just that 200 comment one
my stupid [ __ ] book got here I didn't
even know this could happen how the [ __ ]
am I supposed to read this can you tell
the printer like ran out of ink
do I I think I feel like sent it backing
up my money but it took like a month for
this [ __ ] [ __ ]
treatise on Cuban nature
Jesus Christ how do you get a defective
book is it legible I mean like if I were
to struggle but it's already philosophy
it's already [ __ ] driest [ __ ] to
Reeve and I have to struggle breeding it
to [ __ ] my paper books instead of a
Kindle I don't know I like paper books
maybe I should go to Kindle actually my
ration well how could you be cheating
with multiple fans and think you would
get away with it how [ __ ] stupid what
the [ __ ] I think the fan thing was just
new trading yeah but why would you trade
news with multiple fans thinking you
would get away with it like at some
point [ __ ] is bound to get fun she
allowed it at first
[Music]
nevermind that was okay that I got
anybody that puts Burger King on a tier
above McDonald's has severe problems in
their life oh man also Krispy Kremes
just doughnuts I don't know about this
one
[Applause]
this is real
our orangutan is actually that powerful
an orangutan is about seven times
stronger than a human what the here this
is for you
Javanese voices please
what do you say flower
why does it do this dumb [ __ ] when it
comes to hope why does it do this well
well well [ __ ] off
wait why would they do such a [ __ ]
aren't there like good voices for
Sephiroth who was that [ __ ] ass voice
actor even the guard that is vicious and
cowboy bebop he is like a better boy
what who is that guy does it really
sound bad feet it's not like Kingdom
Hearts to your voice acting this guy's
voice actors okay it's literally the
Kingdom Hearts guy oh is it way to Steve
Blum the voice of vicious you'll never
let go of the darkness is that wait is
that the voice actor from shut up what
what was that shut up you'll never let
go of the darkness shut up
you'll never let go of your past purse
listen I can't take this seriously okay
wait wasn't Jimmy supposed to be mr.
Bouton's like protege as well I'm sorry
we all kill kids we all killed people
like innocent people we all did horrible
[ __ ] okay this idea that he was so quick
and willing and easy to kill Jimmy
but somehow bobby was like the line in
the sand [ __ ] off okay or Johnny or
whatever the [ __ ]
[Music]
