hey guys how you doing today welcome to
episode 20 of the DT podcast I'm joined
this week by my wonderful co-host trihex
we've got a lot of fun things to talk
about today we're starting a little late
because my computer exploded before we
started but it's unexploded now so we're
good to go
did we actually determine if it was an
explosion or an implosion I think it was
my explosion don't worry after summary I
think I ran out of hard drive space
which I didn't even know I did I think
I've got too much in my google drive and
then like my graphics card I realized I
had no drivers installed and I couldn't
like adding anything to OBS but I
reinstalled them and I deleted some [ __ ]
and everything was good and there we go
here we are you know it really it's not
the fact that you had like
troubleshooting issues that's really
kind of the the tilt inducing factor
it's more that you had to do all that
under a time restraint like it's like
the the stress of trying to hurt a
[ __ ] and like just get it done well
it's okay
I like working or time constraints it
makes me feel alive yeah that's crazy
okay yeah push me on till I get alive
how was your life the past two weeks you
know what I think I have nothing but
boring answers that supply to you
because I spend like dealing with those
relatives and like IRL mundane tasks and
concerning my grandmother and my uncle
and everything else right now
so my wife's pretty boring I haven't
been up to anything particularly
exceptional if I can hear I live at the
pool of ben shapiro and just like kind
of like pull the BBC and just 180 really
hard right now and be like you know what
you're interviewing me but [ __ ] you let
me ask you a question the [ __ ] have you
been up to lately
[ __ ] what I know you know for the next
like 20 minutes after I know I'm just
fighting what have I been up to hey
listen first of all we care about your
family stuff okay oh yeah hopefully your
grandma stuff is going okay I know in
the pre-show you mentioned something
about your uncle going to a hospital so
hopefully that is going okay right yeah
it's been I'm actually for anyone who
stuck at home right now I'm just like oh
my god I'm so bored oh my god I'm so
bored of going through I'm scrolling
through a tick-tock and spoiling my
social media and there's just nothing to
do today I missed those days right now
I'm like it's been like news every week
I'm haven't had a quiet
family or any kind of obligation I
realize in quite a while but yeah the
new news briefly here is that my uh my
uncle who's a paralyzed from the waist
down
he is in his early 50s and he had to go
to the hospital because he had a he was
having kidney kidney malfunction and he
was in dire pain from what was told to
me I went to visit me at the hospital
local to where I live because they're
about to transport him to uh to the New
Orleans hospital because they didn't
have the tools of doctors there to
actually like get his kidneys to like
turn back on he was under like some kind
of machine assist and he was like
looking pretty terrible so what to see
him there and and he's doing better now
he's doing in fair condition currently
but yeah he's currently in New Orleans
to the hospital at an ICU ward getting
his kidneys to return back to function
and due to the kidneys malfunctioning he
also had high blood pressure due to that
as well so it's kind of the one-two
punch so it's trying to like get it all
to stop the stampede of escalation of
problems for him yeah he's doing he's
doing okay but I yeah he's not doing too
too well yeah yeah it's just a I don't
know man I don't know what happens when
you turn 30 just like [ __ ] me man like I
guess when I that's way returned third
it's like this is around the age when
like grandparents and aunts and uncles
and relatives you start to just like you
know you're getting to that point where
they're they're gonna deteriorate
possibly the ones who drink and smoke or
whatever just don't don't take care of
themselves they kind of they made hair
string during this decade of my lifetime
so I'm getting used to dealing with just
that a lot of a lot of that you know I I
guess every worse time try and say
here's a you know the amount of funerals
I'm gonna be attending this decade will
probably be higher than any other decade
of my life mm-hmm
do you find it like a fair a fair
assessment or yeah that's a reality of
getting older is the people before you
are turning to die more that's right
yeah yeah so that's that's really all I
got concerning me this week is that
aside from you know the topics we have
going on today you know I I did see the
detective Pikachu can we talk about that
so we'll have we'll have that and don't
worry about we will pop a spoiler
warning don't worry I'm gonna I got a
leash I got I got a leash on destiny
here he's gonna obey the [ __ ] Li
I'm gonna hitch out with like a big fat
10-second countdown for a spoiler
warning and then we'll pop off on it and
don't worry I know that two weeks ago on
the last podcast episode I let destiny
run wild on spoilers I'm gonna bring him
back in today I feel like I didn't
challenge him on that on this dance last
week and I heard you've been doing some
very naughty behavior to the point where
your own your own um your own
reddit is now praising me as the better
co-host now so you got some splaining to
do man you're currently and ready jail
at this point so you got something you
got you got some fess up to talk about
right now god damn it um I was wrong
I don't think friends and family lists
are getting Wow beta invites today now
I'm [ __ ] triggered I'm a real trigger
I'm about to spoil detective Pikachu you
know you know what guys no I want that
you are taking it seriously you piece of
[ __ ] you you [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
well I think if you weren't thinking it
by the way okay it looks full of shitty
movies spoil Aquaman spoil I don't know
what garbage full transformers the last
night don't know what's full moon worth
we're seeing you doing okay have you I
forgot if I asked you this before are
you ready on psychedelics I think you
said no I feel like you said no am I
crazy
you are correct I have not been on them
I the thing I have done is tried them
not been on them okay I don't need this
[ __ ] druggie terminology my own
[ __ ] oh my god you'll excuse me no I
haven't uh the only thing I've done at
all is like is legally the spice the
whatever is age 21 or whatever the [ __ ]
but that's cause my dumbass friend
thought it was all the same thing and
threw me bad and I [ __ ] flip down had
a terrible trip down but I have not I
have not done them okay well I'm not I'm
not opposed to them I'm just looking for
like I would say I'm more open to like
the the right the right social group at
the right time to go into that okay I
tried LSD for the first time like a week
ago so so
and now you're like now y'all could
elevate a plane of existence no that
would have come from the mushrooms the
elzear's just a fun time all right what
else I went to pokies birthday party
last night which was like eating with a
bunch of people I saw the picture I was
really really happy yeah there's a lot
of fun you miss on her I didn't
recognize the other two I think it was a
little peachy was there as well yeah I
think so I think she was and I remember
but [ __ ] because anything else exciting
happen this week well well you brought
it briefly here the vanilla WoW [ __ ]
well wait what do you what do you mad
about there what are you talking about
oh I just I I don't I don't think I
don't think I'm gonna get in today I
just have a bad feeling about it but
basically there's like a while the beta
for a while classic is coming out soon
and then there's a bunch of like lists
of people that are hopefully getting
invited and we'll see what happens but
you it's not a big deal of diamond
gotcha gotcha
that'd be exciting I mean ya know the
only other thing is a I mean relative to
what's exciting for me right now as well
you know today there's gonna be an
attentive director they're gonna do a
big 15 minute a 15 minute info dump on
Mari maker to which I'm super excited
for so after this I'm all over that [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] that's right is that coming out
soon Earth yeah June June 28 excited for
that
oh yeah dude that's a if you're excited
for if I would say ste equivalent of
more Omega 2 4 mese equivalent of if
like if EVE Online does the the level
reboot that you requested how about like
three for me not even line okay it's not
even possible though like are we like in
like neo neo blizzard now could they
could Starcraft three even actually
happen and be good like there's the
Warcraft 3 remake I'm sure they'll do
Warcraft for eventually but yeah oh you
sound wait you have faith I feel like
after um Diablo immoral immortal
whatever in mobile whatever the [ __ ] is
calling I feel like after that massive
misstep there most people that kind of
like lost faith in a blizzard
understanding its target audience at
this point
maybe I'm maybe I'm overstepping uh did
we talk about Diablo a mortal [ __ ] much
or no um nah I don't think so no because
that was that was Blizzcon right now
Blizzcon last year if I recall correctly
okay this is my understanding of it and
this is just from a lot of like whispers
I've heard I don't know if it's true
enough so take everything I say with a
grain of salt my standing of it was that
basically in China they have no respect
for IP right mm-hmm
they don't give a [ __ ] basically I'm
pretty sure that there was a mobile game
that was under works in China that was
basically like a like a ripoff of Diablo
it's stolen a lot of assets it was it
was just very clearly like a ripoff of
Diablo and there was a company that was
working on it and basically what
happened was this company like
approached Blizzard or Blizzard
approached this coming hey whether you
like it or not this Diablo clone is
going to come out do you want to be
involved in it and Blizzard was
basically like [ __ ]
maybe we can in-house the project polish
up the stuff they've worked on and then
release it so that we have a little bit
more control over this product that's
going to be released that everybody's
going to associate with us anyway and
that's kind of like what diablo immortal
ended up becoming i've heard that from a
few different people I don't know if
it's actually 100% true or not but it
kind of makes sense you know looking at
like how it ended up rolling out and
everything but yeah so I mean if that's
actually true I have a little bit of a
sympathy for Blizzard in that position
but you know yeah your is kind of a net
negative for everyone so that's a fair
point that's wrong I don't know I just
heard like tunnels of sound but say okay
go ahead
oh so that's pipe that was me muting my
phone and I'm gonna get too close to my
phone my bad my bad okay professional
professional streamer that's that's a
fair point and that's kind of like I can
I can come back to the whole starcraft 3
thing on a on a more prepared to tip to
talk ask you further about it one thing
I didn't ask you actually you might may
have saw here um oh you know actually
there's things going on my life today
because I'm actually gonna go see my
girlfriend's parents this weekend I you
know before marma co2 comes out I'm
gonna be like you know surgically
tethered to my gaming chair for the rest
forever you know grinding the stream
everything else post June 28 I figured
you know let me go get all my bucket
list things taken care of cuz I'm gonna
be like busiest [ __ ] for the second half
of 2019 so I'm going to Ohio visit my
girlfriend's parents this weekend
actually is this like a big deal if you
never seen them before or um I I admit I
feel okay I'm gonna be very transparent
here probably probably too transparent I
have not seen him since 2016 sister year
we got together because it's like it's a
big time since you know to go to go take
a weekend and not stream and go over
there and not like you know keep the
grind going whatever but you know I
figured if not now then when so um yeah
I'm going Saturday and come so it's
gonna be a quiet weekend for me stream
wise but yeah I'm gonna uh I'm gonna go
see her go see your parents and hang out
with everyone her sister and all the her
siblings all that okay so I'm kind of
I'm kind of doing a movie get out doing
like get out part two starring me were
they like pretty they're not like races
or something are they are they pretty
friendlier no no they're actually not no
but I will admit when I first went to
visit them in 2016 I completely expect
them to be racist you know I was just I
had no clue what I was like I knew I was
a big trump state of Ohio
Elle has had a big Trump State is it
I thought they swung for the past
election is a lot does how I don't
normally go like really Republican I
could be totally wrong I guess it's like
it counts to Midwest so I understood it
as a Rust Belt state and yeah it's a
swing state it to mix yeah okay okay
well from what you told me it was it's
like she told me it was like there was
like Trump stickers everywhere where she
was maybe she wasn't like in like though
she live like in Columbus her she out
like in the boonies is she like in
someone not quite the boys it's the
outskirts of Columbus okay but yeah and
she just told me that I was uh it was a
III wouldn't expecting the worst and I
guess maybe because my name wasn't I
want those jokes out here but like names
not like Yemen Tyrone or DeMarcus or you
know Kwai Shan or whatever that I got a
pass on the name and then once they hear
me speak and you know non CA didn't be
elaborate upon my ideas and it's be a
great conversational person because I
was a waiter for [ __ ] forever you
know that not all them are bad okay yeah
you're pretty good you know
so but yeah I'm going over there this
weekend to you know spend some time with
them you know take them out to dinner
and it was trium good actually have them
learn more about them because they know
very little about me uh-huh and uh yeah
it's gonna be a great time actually um
honestly I shouldn't I should reveal
this but it's not it's not bad things
just kind of it's kind of like a cool
personal story apparently at some point
uh one of them had called called my uh
my girlfriend asked her is everything
okay because like they haven't heard
like any updates because there's like
not really been any sinful news
concerning me and her because we don't
really get into like dramatic fights or
break up to anything like that like so
you know there used to there being chaos
being there north or normalcy so
whenever just like just not nothing new
to report Armand because everything's
going great because we're we're a couple
they're just a no is he is he beating
you anything is he like are you sure
he's okay right now I just like telling
us that looks like a facade because
there's like you know low-key he's like
it's like no there's nothing
no these Michaels great no we were
getting along great so so yeah yeah I'm
I'm gonna go there and just you know
hang out with all them and do that this
weekend so I'm pretty pretty excited for
that we got that going on and the reason
why I wanted to segue that into my next
point here was because if you uh if you
can't tell I actually want to ask you as
a white person here so like I went to
the barbershop yesterday I got the spy a
salon uh know if you can see the UH you
know see the slight fade in the line
right here uh-huh
actually love to know like what is your
perception I feel like for for those who
are savvy with black hair like you know
you check you see me and I haven't I
didn't get like a proper barber line for
like a month and a half because I was
being lazy [ __ ] about it and now by
comparison
the drip is high right now my drip is at
all-time highs I'm looking I'm looking
fresh right now and I'm wondering if you
can if you can tell that difference
between like I don't notice [ __ ] about
[ __ ] hair or anything I'm not gonna
lie I went to some [ __ ] Turkish
barber like a week ago or not a week ago
a couple months ago and I got the first
fade thing I'd ever had in my life I
don't know [ __ ] all about any of that
[ __ ] so alright okay but it looks good I
guess as far as I can tell but you know
I awesome awesome
I saw getting a cool like social
experiment cuz like I I too could say
something about like um like I don't
know
traditional white hair I guess I might
even call it I know nothing about like
like we're not gonna like super cuts and
get a haircut
I have no clue what you tell but what
you tell your barber do you even go to
even go to a Supercuts
am I in mind memeing on that too hard
right there like I don't even know how
white hair works at all so I'm
completely out of the element out of the
loop right there did you know that most
black barbers can cut white hair yes
actually I was you know honestly in the
south over here are about the shop I go
to a local shop there's actually as many
white kids black kids like the black hit
the white kids come over and get the
give like a black line and get like the
giving a a buzz cut fate or whatever
uh-huh so it's pretty popular over here
I had a I did not know this I went to a
barber shop I looked one up like and
when I lived in North Virginia and I
just looked it up and I went to the
nearest one and I walked in and all the
barbers were black and they were like
eight people sitting down and they were
black and I looked at and all of their
hair is like black hair and I like
reffed know what the [ __ ] I'm doing here
and I actually brought us up on stream
like I think a few months ago and I
quote and I asked my skew I was like do
you think can black barbers do they cut
like white people hair does it work that
way or they're like is this like a
racially segregated thing and we looked
it up and apparently like most black
barbers should be able to cut like white
people hair yeah yeah I would say the
shop you were at the shop I go to is
actually really good about being a
little more accessible I'm like asking a
different point mentor and do you want
to get a cut today and you know you know
they they there's effort being made to
have a bigger diversity of barbers not
just black barbers but like having
having like white barbers who can like
you be just or who are familiar with
more hair than just like cuz you know
you got you got more mixed kids now than
ever at this point so you know you gotta
be able to like you gotta be able to cut
more than just you know afro black hair
so my shops really good about that
actually and it's really really cool but
um you know paper come Louisiana I'll
take you over there I'll transition you
into the give you give it the who pass
me all the great time all I want saying
I'm rested on my chest I'm okay let's go
okay let's start with light topics first
okay let's do with oh yeah Alabama just
fast an abortion law to make abortion
illegal basically I think except cases
are like
mother's life is in danger yeah now
let's clarify here we'll quickly so
there's there's the Georgia law and then
now which was which was a last week news
topic and now there is the very recent
Alabama abortion law right
am I correct in that one if I recall
correctly the Georgia abortion law is
one that if I recall punishes any doctor
who practices an abortion that's like I
believe past six weeks and then the
doctor who does it can get up to 99
years in jail which is effectively you
know just like making the possibilites
making the accessibility of abortions
like further and further wait and the
woman herself can get up to 99 years in
jail - I think right for Alabama oh I'm
still talking about Georgie oh yeah
Georgia one the doctor gets punished up
to 99 years so the doctors are all
scared like touch anyone now so they all
peace out George at this point that's
from what I understand and then
comparatively the Alabama one is the one
that punishes the yes the woman getting
abortion uh-huh which is switched falls
in line with actually with what Trump's
out on the campaign trail funnily enough
when he was pressed by was a Jake Tapper
do you remember this when he pressed him
he was like do you think women should be
punished for having an abortion and
after asked him like 16 times he finally
got him to say yes no this is on the
campaign trail yeah it's a long time ago
back there all right ma'am the campaign
sure is like like a whole nother plan
for me at this point now cuz Trump was
like spewing out like populist policy
you know I'm anti-establishment and I'm
for the forgotten man and blah blah blah
blah and the Russell I ate that up and
it was all just a giant facade as
evidence at this point now by his
appointed cabinet members so yeah I
don't know like 2016 was like it was
just it was you know word vomit thrown
at everyone to hear at the end of the
year
apparently the little worried or I guess
what they're trying to do is Jesus
Christ that what the goal is to try to
make it so that you artificially get a
law through to get like test cases to go
to the Supreme Court since like um since
it's like waited by conservatives now
the goal would be to get like roe v wade
thrown out or a return or get a
transportation yeah right yeah yeah
which is just like
how can they not see how can no one
learn from like the lessons from
prohibition like are you gonna do
whenever you make the ability to like
deal with situations accessable you're
just gonna have you're just increasing
the back-alley methods I would say right
well maybe you're just making it so that
like women are gonna be giving birth to
children that they don't want to have
and then a whole bunch of out there like
bloated stuff is gonna happen on the
system as well more welfare more child
support less educated people less
workers less taxpayers right yeah it's
yeah it's pretty bad yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah it's all it's all that you're right
it's both both what I'm bringing up me
when you're bringing them it's just bad
all around it's bad too logical all
around and I'm I oh man I don't know and
the sad thing here too ISM I feel
particularly in the south here there's a
lot of uh there's a lot of single-issue
voters who will determine their
candidate based off this one thing there
as one of those topics that people will
sing early Schiavone on yeah yeah and
it's just like it's a well today though
with things like immigration and what
not being more important but maybe I
don't know yeah I don't know it's a it's
bad all around it's a frankly discussed
about it I don't know I wish I had um I
think it's a pretty like 100/0 agreement
here like this this is bad all around
and I wish wish there was more to be
done about it but actually can we what
can we do about it right now the so is
the Alabama law already passed or was
just submitted I know it's actual status
right now I want to see it passed but I
can check hold on Alabama Bush lob pass
Alabama just passing your total abortion
ban yeah did it did it's passed
yeah yikes yeah I recall um I want to
say in Louisiana there there has been a
reduction in abortion centers as well
and I'm calling important centers it
could be I mean could be Planned
Parenthood said that do treat for a
board and have an abortion availability
right yeah there we go for scalability
and it's reduced now I figured the
number was before but I recall in what
it was prior but as of 2014 it was only
three only three places in the entire
state nice so I mean what that means to
is like if you don't if you live
somewhere rule we're talking like you
know maybe three even four hours away
from the nearest one so and that was
then I'll come out
it may have gone down since then because
uh I want to say in Louisiana the they
were trying to do the combat that and
not it saddens me that I'm a Resident
Assistant it so ass-backwards here but
they would um they would make the
abortion centers have these like insane
regulations like you need like 8 feet 8
feet wide clearances for every doorway
in the entire building so you're pretty
much forced to like retrofit your your
Center to abide by these ridiculous
circumstances that are very expensive
and likely if you can't until you have
that done an certified by the state you
can't be open for practice nice you know
it's just soon doing whatever they can
to indirectly make it just convenient or
inconvenient be able to operate as
needed yeah so yeah yeah there's how
much to talk about there I guess um one
thing that would be really interesting
I'm kind of interested it was like if it
passes or or rather if it passes the
Supreme Court like let's say this goes
all the way up to the Supreme Court and
then it gets changed
I wonder what results I wonder how
that's gonna impact the United States
because you probably be expected to see
a lot more conservative heavy states
push these types of anti-abortion laws I
wonder if it pushes Democrats to
mobilize more in terms of how they
campaign and then I wonder if it moves a
president closer to doing the you have
you heard of the idea of like packing
the cords no what was that so basically
there's nothing in the Constitution that
says we need nine Supreme Court justices
no that's always been kind of our
gentlemen's agreement but if a president
wants to a president could theoretically
just nominate like seven more Supreme
Court justices and okay here you go
let's have like 16 people in Supreme
Court or 25 people or thirty people oh
now I think um was it FDR that
threatened it guys
somebody had threatened this in the past
and ended up being I think pretty
unpopular but um the the worry is
obviously that if you do that and the
next person was gonna nominate even more
and you could have like 5,000 [ __ ]
Supreme Court justices and would be like
a huge should show but we've already uh
if that if the whole thing here is like
a precaution due to abuse of power
haven't we already seen that like
precedent
displayed now whenever Trump called for
a national emergency
and then like decreed that he wanted to
use a they he needed the five the five
billion for the wall yeah or whatever
what did that
up happening at [ __ ] I would follow like
a lot of like it didn't actually like if
I recall correctly this was like after
the funding boat was passed whatever he
was like okay well [ __ ] it I'm gonna
make a state of emergency I'm gonna take
the military down to the wall and we're
gonna build it ourselves right right it
didn't actually happen if I recall
correctly but like the point is like he
did he did pull a car that seems like
really mmm you know you know one cuz
once you open those can of worms it's
like okay well now the next president
next and president can can just do that
same thing because you said an example
of what yeah yeah and all the girls are
saying well we're gonna declared
national emergency on health care or
something right yeah yeah exactly so so
you kind of like play the kind of plate
is a trump card pun intended there to uh
for the next person to be able to do
some more about that yeah but now I
actually didn't know you could L you
could you could appoint more if I was
like some kind of hard nine I wonder it
would it have to go through any kind of
text imbalances or could it could it
just happen from the president's
decision well well the president
nominates a Supreme Court justice and
then the Senate has to confirm it okay
but it but there's nothing stopping him
from anyone who just expanding the
number and just trying to submit it out
know if theoretically as long as I think
you need 60 senators to just railroad
through like any justice you want I
think yeah mmm okay okay well you know
it's funny you say that because I I want
to say there's a forget his name here
there was another person's we've been
announced for Democratic candidates for
president
um and it's the it's a guy in Montana
and and I wish I could find the tweet
for you here after like look for a
little bit
he uh he announced running for a
president you know this late in Atlantic
a bro your you wait in a long-ass time
try to get 65,000 individual
contributions to join the debate in June
and and in all of his replies by the way
everyone is saying you're a dumbass dude
run for Senate we need we need we need
dim you need dims and progressives in
this to run for Senate so that we can
actually do [ __ ] come 2021 onward and
it's just really really fun this it's
funny but depressing um so so much I'm I
know the name of the person in question
about my gravel no not not might not not
gravel no it's a it's a guy I didn't
recognize his name at all actually um
[ __ ] if I tried a Democratic nominees
are we up to right
Oh Steve Bullock someone said Incheon
and shine yeah it's not familiar that's
a that sounds familiar
my name is I should say candidates do
you know how many candidates total um I
currently now I believe we're at 22 oh
[ __ ]
plus yeah and what that means now is
that for that uh for that convention in
June they're changing the rules now so
at first it was like you know the cap is
twenty and if more than twenty happened
then it's gonna raise the minimum
threshold of those who can enter in so
rabbit in requiring the sixty five
thousand individual contributions to uh
to be eligible to join the debate stage
they're gonna bump it up to like 75 or
85 or 100k
it's gonna make it you know a giant you
know fundraising extravaganza yay
see I said a lot of money I'm gonna get
a bottom doubt um yeah so it's looking
really really uh it's looking really
quote-unquote cutthroat but I mean a lot
of them are polling really low like you
got like if I recall correctly Kamala
Cory Booker yeah they're pulling like
the baby door works cook they're all
pulling it single digits if I recall
correctly I'm thinking by the time like
Iowa rolls around if they haven't
dropped out before then the Iowa caucus
hopefully like a [ __ ] ton of people end
up like leaving yeah no for sure yeah
dammit somebody running called Holton
mr. Moulton hmm is that uh no anyway
yeah damn so that'll be like a really
big deal if that if that goes to the
Supreme Court we're really interested to
see how the courts vote there if we
overturn roe v wade I think it would
have liked pretty downstream impacts in
the country in terms of how people vote
for president how people look at local
elections and and then like yeah our
political climate would be pretty insane
I can't it's really hard to imagine that
abortion could become illegal again in
the United States I think that would be
like the first that I can think of at
least in my lifetime and maybe in the
history of the u.s. I don't know the
first time we've made like a big step
backwards in terms of like I don't know
if you considered a civil rights issue
or not but like what it would it be are
we like would bite would like women's
suffrage we have a considered civil
rights or civil rights restricted to
like racial and ethnic stuff do you know
I don't know offhand here but I do agree
with you that we can we can debate over
class how we classify but I definitely
creates a massive regression on on that
yeah step back which is something I
don't know if we've done that before if
we've like taking a step back in terms
of yeah yeah if we can here actually it
actually blows me away how how
regressive even prior to the the recent
abortion attacks we're going here how
aggressive the entire reproductive
rights are in the USA for example here
um um vasectomy and sorry I'm a brain
fart here what's the one for women we
need to do tubes tied um I don't know I
know to Ted I don't know the actual name
is for it but yeah well forgive me I'm
like I'm always brain fart when I'm
gonna I swear to god I'm not this dumb
in the podcast I'm not this time I
aerobics I just brain for all
hysterectomy there you go here's the
rectum cancer to me yes or two so
litigation okay so our ligation since no
occasion good so thing things I learned
I learned this actually this week I know
that vasectomy was actually reversible I
I didn't know that both both of those
were reversible apparently but so I
never under here of like well why don't
guys just go get the vasectomy and then
you know just you know wild out and get
known pregnant do your thing you know
everyone hates condoms or whatever and
then get it undone at your own
discretion whenever you want whenever
you're ready to you know conceive on
some kids or whatever and but now
comparatively and this could be a
certain state but I'll have citation
here for you but I did hear that has
erected me is to get them undone um you
have to be married with real quick real
quick heads-up hysterectomy means you're
removing like the whole uterus I don't
even know if that's generally done Oh
for like okay trial purposes my tubal
ligation is the thing where you'd like
tie the tubes but I don't know if that
can be undone either I thought that
their I think they burned the ends or
whatever they like they cut the ends I
don't think that can be undone either
for women hmm okay
well say a mama it might be incredibly
ill-informed here but from what I
understand the act of getting tubes
undone which seemed like was an implied
thing I could be wrong here entirely but
that it
cars the husband's approval and you have
to be married for a certain amount of
years to do it and it might be a certain
state but even then I'm still like wow
you need the what are you Saudi Arabia
right now that you need the husband's
approval to do X thing with your with
your own body like what we're the yeah
yeah the table ligation for getting go
tube side that can't that can't be
undone for women it can be undone for
men although it's more complicated to
get a vasectomy undone and it is to get
it done but it can be undone for if it
can't be undone for women - gotcha okay
so it's a little more complicated than I
than I thought was something to be fair
enough alright so [ __ ] and then well and
then the other the last point here on
this topic here is the fact that um I
was reading recently that um as of 2018
of us birth rates are at all-time low
they're at a 32 year low life um yeah so
chakra shocker whenever we're uh we're
pro birth and not like pro taking care
of the kids and having anything decent
like maternity leave or some kind of
like child day care reform I'm not
surprised that people just having less
kids even separate from all the
socioeconomic factors globally that are
kind of reinforcing to slow down on
having kids uh-huh but uh I think one of
this is like women's rights related
stuff to like having kids is like a
really big deal and I don't know if you
have this is like this is a venture
deeper conversation but it's interesting
to see the impacts on like if you give
women the option to choose whether or
not they want to have kids I would
imagine that a lot less of them would
choose to do so like if you have to
choose between like having a career and
having a life where you do a bunch of
fun things it could cetera versus like
raising a family I could see a lot of
people opting out of that I think that's
what's happened to some extent I mean
yeah if you're I look at it like um I
would say I see a lot of the kids being
had now not my is like this is like my
Facebook wall in Louisiana is very
anecdotal thing but like it's it's
usually oopsie babies or save a marriage
babies you know oh we're on off again
but they were in love so let's have a
kid to execute cementing the anchor I
guess so I see I see it for more like
situational reasons rather than just
like um you know we're ready to enter
Parenthood for Parenthood sake I guess
and but yeah even even that aside though
like just
for even for me I'm like I don't know
Parenthood and children don't really
excite me right now with my current
lifestyle like at all
and and I imagine you know for others
who were maybe way way less economically
stable than me it's just like yo um to
parent child care is expensive man why I
got us like that is it that is it that
is a ridiculous industry to get like if
you have like if you got like money to
blow and you can get it you can get a
daycare gone right now why did you can
just charge whatever the [ __ ] you want
you know I didn't notice until actually
a last year but um a lot of you know
let's say yeah how pathetically have
like a three or four year old right um
and you can't afford pre-k because pre-k
is incredibly competitive to get into
because there's like no kind of like
standardization it's just like all like
private market you know charge whatever
we want because you everyone wants to
forget to have an academic advantage
right so you know let's say you're just
of a middle class or a sub middle class
citizen and you you can't afford the
good pre-k you know classes for your
child at all so you guys sell for
daycare or whatever and when you do
daycare it's like okay well I only need
to daycare for a certain amount of days
or time but for what I understand most
daycares charge by the month you know
it's like yeah we're gonna over feed you
we charge know what it's like twelve
twelve hundred or maybe even like two
two thousand plus dollars a month for
for daycare access and you can just come
drop them off whenever you want so
you're kind of incentivized of like
maximize the the month long access you
have to the daycare and just kind of
coupling this negative spot you're
you're overpaying you're being overfed
on it and did you towards being a drain
on your wallets then you have to like
you the pair have to now work a [ __ ] ton
more failed to afford do you think it
the daycare for the child
like you just can't win I hear in some
cases some of it some of these parents
are paying like legit thirty five grand
a year for daycare you can't afford to
not work you can't afford to work you
just don't [ __ ] win as a parent right
now stupid yeah child care [ __ ] is
really expensive
you're with a the cost you're saying I'm
kind of high 3 to 3 to 5 km month that
sounds like I'm crazy daycare but the
average cost of daycare in the United
States is about $1,000 a month which is
a lot of [ __ ] money for a lot of
people that's $1,000 a month to just
drop is like is easy is
is a [ __ ] ton of money look yeah and
then yeah but I mean like yeah that's
how much yeah that's so much more
involved conversation it's interesting
to see um yeah is it even something that
we should care about you know like if
the population slowly starts shrinking
is that something that we should be one
I to me it's a non concern no we got we
were already a bloated talk we're
already uploaded a population globally
that is already like Arnim on the brink
of unsustainability in terms of the next
century onward yeah um you know we have
a I mean I don't wanna get tight but I
want crank the lip tar the fifth gear
right now but like we have extension
happening an unprecedented rate you got
the yes your yeah these environments are
roading an unprecedented rate we have
the force deforestation that's happening
at it unprecedented rate it's not good
it's not good it's not good I mean you
already know but do we have to really
get into climate change here it's just
it's just not good yeah we just slow
down human impact tremendously and
quickly and then some mm-hmm so yeah I'm
all for slowing all that down big-time
okay what do you think about to take a
peek at you
speaking of abortions hey hey yes
speaking
what what a swift transition here well
first can we um when do you do you want
to do some non-spoiler discussion in
this first you want you want to just
like label all this uh all the spoilers
what do you think it's [ __ ] label its
spoilers [ __ ] them all right okay I will
do not spoil the discussion go for it
okay so so non-school all right so this
is non-spoiler discussion then we'll
enter this board was a was a 10 second
countdown when we get to it that the
pikachu i liked it um so first thing
first is do i don't think it's worth
seeing and did i enjoy i loved it i
think it's worth seeing and i think the
video game curse is finally over you
know it's it's a the thing I like the
most about this film was that fact that
I walked out and I was judging it as a
regular film and not on like well it's
good for a video game movie no it's
better than Assassin's Creed it's better
than two Raider 2018 which people forgot
even came out you know so yeah I we're
definitely on that thing I don't matter
2018 actually I don't even remember that
came out oh here I'm the one starring
Alicia whatever Tomb Raider 2018 movie I
forgot it already happened it uh I'll
get you a trailer I'll get you
poster I'm sorry you don't recall this
my [ __ ] dude [ __ ] me
Tomb Raider 2018 you don't recall this
they they cast it up so the Tomb Raider
in 2003 was the one starring Angelina
Jolie and then there was a 2018 I guess
reboot where they used the 2013 reboot
of the game as a basis for you know a
more grounded let a more grounded more
emotional less extravagant Tomb Raider
interests maggot you wanna say okay um
but I hear you know the trail is very it
looked very it kind of had the same
problems I feel that Assassin's Creed
had or that the reason why the reason
why these video movies to me didn't do
well particularly Assassin's Creed and
Tomb Raider or that the UH
their appeal was that there were
interactive mediums you know I'm Tomb
Raider and I'm in some exotic locales
I'm gonna like you know explore and do
puzzles and kill [ __ ] and I'm
interactive in it you know otherwise if
I'm just watching her do that it's just
a set piece I'm just watching my set
piece it's kind of static dimming
recesses creeks essence Cree it's like
okay yeah you know the I'm an
interactive Victorian era London doing
cool fascination [ __ ]
comparatively if it's just like you know
a movie it's just like a set piece of
cool parkour happening it's just
happening I know that the concept is
like lived itself more towards the
appeal being that's interactive rabbit
and um just you know it being a movie
okay um one of the one of the things I
like about this is I think it kind of
centers on a discussion about IP law
funny enough I read an article a long
time ago that like made me radically
rethink how we look at like intellectual
property and basically with the auth of
the argument or what the author of the
article was arguing was that like IP
laws should be insanely less restrictive
like maybe like a year tops like if
you've created something like in terms
of like entertainment you've got like a
year or two like make money off of it
and then pass that anybody can do
whatever they want with it and watching
this movie kind of like made me feel
like oh well what if that was a reality
because like this is a totally [ __ ]
bizarre or random [ __ ] movie like if
you like if somebody were to give you
the plot synopsis of this you'd be like
what the [ __ ] this is like Pokemon
movie was so weird or at least unless
unless there's been like some [ __ ] on
the new games that like makes us seem
more likely but I don't know to me it
almost felt like a random if I like a
random director it was like hey I'm
gonna make a movie and I'm just gonna
[ __ ] set it in a Pokemon world and
seeing stuff like that is actually like
really cool I think I really like like
totally different takes on like
pre-established worlds and like like and
I like imagine like a like a Quentin
Tarantino movie like said in the Star
Wars universe I'm sure that [ __ ] seems
like really funny to me and I think this
did work is like a conventional movie I
don't think it was great I thought III
got I came out of the feeling out of the
movie feeling very like me and like Ryan
Reynolds 100% carried the [ __ ] out of
this movie to harbor [ __ ] carried it
but I thought it was like man I thought
it was like okay but um I don't know how
much point detail we can get but you
know your idea of the one year IP does
it does excite me I would love to see
you know I mean could you imagine like
the reinterpretations we could have
gotten of things like frozen when it was
like viral your later we all the
creative endeavors yeah I think that's a
way happier world to live in but as long
as Disney's around we're never gonna get
that dude like for sure if anything I
don't know if you knew this already but
Disney kind of already made it Disney
and others in their position of power
have made IP IP and copyright laws like
really obnoxious now yeah like extending
it every single [ __ ] yeah and now it's
like wise time of lifetime of creator
plus 100 years I will call correctly now
so like and you know that's just a just
until that comes you know whenever
whenever 21:50 comes then it's gonna
they're gonna make a new [ __ ] by then to
6/10 you know whatever right frozen's
[ __ ] further so they can just
continue monopolize all things that are
lucrative to them
so yeah sadly uh we'll never get like
you know that r-rated Lion King and
business director or whatever yeah yeah
it's so sad we could get like so much
cool [ __ ] if IP laws weren't so like in
favor of like the creator for such an
absurd amount of time yeah in favor of
the creator and and and the creator
being like too powerful to fail like
just too much money too much lobbying
too much influence I don't know your
people are I know people right now I'm
not touching this again I'm sorry here
but uh other people right now are like
hyped to see x-men enter the Marvel
Cinematic Universe because Disney
acquired Fox but trust me you're gonna
you're gonna feel the hurt of that I
feel much
sooner than you think this turn of
century here we're at a point now where
just disney-owned so much to do majority
stake in Hulu 20 Century Fox Fox
Searchlight Marvel Lucasfilm do they own
so much [ __ ] [ __ ] do they they own
December by the way I don't if you saw
like December is like their month from
massive box office goes because like
they're gonna do episode episode 9 you
know this December and then it's gonna
be avatar 2 & 3 are twenty twenty-one
twenty twenty two or twenty twenty
twenty twenty-one and then the following
two new syndromes are gonna be you know
the new Star Wars trilogy beginning and
then avatar four and five come out the
following two December's afterward so
it's just going to like they just have
like there's no Fox competing it's just
their Fox properties aligning with them
and just to just I don't know it's like
it's too much for me it worries me of
what's gonna happen as far as like less
competition and what that means for the
creative output involved but anyways I'm
sorry King wordy now we could have like
a spoiler discussion about it but I
don't even know if there's really that
much to discuss
I mean it was a pretty straightforward
movie let's go okay so let's just
disposing cuz like we can get to the
ending then I guess we can just
fast-forward to that here so spoiler
warning five four three back out to one
alright so the next episode of Game of
Thrones actually ends with uh I wonder
how many people ran to meet big [ __ ]
how many like so much scrambling off
their [ __ ] chairs okay anyway um yeah
detective Pikachu yeah no I uh actually
ending III was also stash worth that
right the in the ending my favorite part
was [ __ ] Ryan Reynolds showing up is
this [ __ ] dead I don't know why just
thought that was so [ __ ] funny he that
was funny I thought it was cute I was
like oh dude they actually I did see
that coming I didn't see um I was
wondering why they were obscuring the
identity of the father and all the
flashbacks Oh whenever whenever I was
like okay yeah you see the mother is
black because you see pictures of her at
two seconds earlier in the film and
that's okay yeah this is just you know
white skin brown brother or whatever um
no he's blatantly biracial alright
oh buyer is his rate his race was a
component to the plot that's awesome
about that she it was pretty pretty cool
to the plot what do you mean on I said I
didn't see his father being white I
didn't see it's probably being Ryan
Reynolds like literally about to be like
an actor portraying ifelse is Ryan
Reynolds voicing Pikachu oh yeah
literally B right yeah that's what I
yeah that's what I thought that's why I
thought it was just so funny that like
Ryan Reynolds himself was the [ __ ]
dad I saw that was really funny oh I
people think it not cuz he's why during
it was [ __ ] Brian Reynolds I don't
know I saw that was funny that the voice
actor for I mean it makes sense why
obviously right when you take into
account that the twist or whatever right
but yeah I don't know it's pretty funny
that alright people tell me to put
spoilers all my [ __ ] right now so there
you go spoilers all right also I'm gonna
briefly here stay here okay listen I
don't feel bad if I spoil you at this
point now because my original stance
here I'm sorry I'm kind of bleeding to
our next topic we're going to talk about
the spoiler culture um my my take here
is opening weekend if you have until
opening weekend go see the [ __ ]
film if you don't see at that point and
you're still on the internet and your
social social media and your experience
I'm kind of like you know I don't even
know what like some kind of like safe
space of like you know I hate to abide
by your your life and your rules mofo
keep off the internet if you until you
go see it then [ __ ] clearly it wasn't a
priority to you
wow what if he was working a job that
required him to work that weekend and
his job is watching social media about
movies though and he was in another
country where didn't release yet Triax
the banker destroyed get out of here
this garbage 0.00001% oh dear oh really
so all poor people is oh so you're also
a classes as well and racists because
poor people tend to be black so you're
racist and classist and you hate
middle-class people that works out you
basically hate all of America and the
world actually at this point like I did
get your Amazon fire stick download Kodi
part the part mother [ __ ] like alright
well remember the try expose you guys
made a my subreddit there he goes there
he is guys this is the one this is your
chance
oh my first takes on spoilers and I do
there he goes guys damn I okay there's a
big mystery
apparently with I advocate for and
people just deeming people spoilers out
of spite don't listen okay
oh wait we'll get to that oh yeah
anything left to say about detective
Pikachu
Oh Oh me to get me heated right now [ __ ]
I'm funny smart movie for me was
definitely a the did oh I I kind of
maybe I kind of forgot about it the the
the pink hair growth the glasses I buy
those I was ever gonna play out to have
have like Team Rocket be revealed or
some kind of like blatantly evil
organization you know for us for the
simple plot one at Pokemon
did not see that that was did of the
entire time and that the data was also
the the the corporation owners son
wearing glasses you know the ditto thing
was really hot I'm actually so I don't
think it was the entire time it was just
for like the last part of the movie
right from what I understand I could be
wrong this know I feel like the when Tim
goes to the the news broadcast station
to see the the news anchor girl for a
second time um I want to say the there
is he's the corporation owner's son
the ditto is that is that and just
walking around doing stuff if I recall
Fred yeah but the son there when they go
to the studio that son was actually her
like that son was the real son that
wasn't the did oh right yeah yeah okay
yeah it's just when he's wearing
sunglasses towards the end I think what
was actually doing it wasn't the whole
time right right uh-huh yes I said see
that coming in was really really funny I
thought that was like a super that was a
hilarious use of ditto like I thought
thought that was a great I want to call
a fanservice just it was just about was
a really clever use of your your your
your paint palette of the entire Pokemon
there in there and their characteristics
and their aesthetics yeah I thought that
was great
i I I'm supposed to hear um there were
there were I feel that there was some
pacing I wasn't a fan of there's
particularly two scenes about to kind of
went a little too long now that they
were bad but I felt like the movie kind
of slowed down a lot for the Torterra
escape sequence like that that me was
like was like three minutes long so I
thought it was like really really long
oh where they kept jumping from island
to island yeah yeah I mean I pretty much
understood almost immediately oh well
these are the big tour Tara's like it
was foreshadowed like would like be
[ __ ] like a renegade brick wall it's
pretty hard right like obvious what was
going on and like yeah that it seemed
weird that that went on for so long
actually I also didn't get and I
understand maybe it was this movie rated
PG or pg-13
it was PG PG okay yeah okay yeah that
makes a little bit more sense because um
I don't understand how Pikachu got hurt
it looked like a rock like flew into his
[ __ ] stomach and like shot him but
there was like no blood and I don't even
know if I was supposed to see that or if
it was like yeah I'm surprised they
didn't just show like falling down like
a awful place yeah like you know can't
have like physical trauma be too
explicit for PGI I assume if that's
actually relative to the PPG ratings
here it actually was actually was very
surprised that there was um there's
actually blood in up pixar's up from
2009 uh-huh I forget what scene but uh
the old the old man Carl and up he has a
Bloods emitting from himself at some
point from some accident I wanna say and
I was like Oh blood you're allowed blood
in a pg-rated film holy [ __ ] okay but
you know this inconsistent the first
place logos it's a [ __ ] MPA and all
together Avengers I don't know I'm had
like a lot of like pretty bloody
sequences too and then even infinity war
and a lot of stuff was like damn
pg-13 right yeah yeah yeah earlier but
yeah pg-13 now is like this really it's
almost a useless ratings just comple
stupid now because it used to just be
why pg-13 you're allowed you're allowed
one [ __ ] I want to say that yeah but I
think it more just like the gore like
the Christopher Nolan movies for the
Batman series and my opinion the ratings
actually take away a lot from the movie
I have a really hard time watching the
Dark Knight Rises
because there are some scenes that are
so comically stupid without blood like
there are a lot of scenes when you see
someone getting shots everywhere and
there's not a they don't even like at
the very least like I can understand I'm
sure like blood like splatters but you
like draw like little red circles on
them but like there are two scenes that
are so comically stupid one is the
airplane scene where that we're bein
shoots the SWAT guy at the bottom of the
plane and he's just like doo doo doo doo
he throws his head back there's no blood
at all say what happened and the other
one is when the lieutenant guy that
comes back
to fight for the city or is he the new
commissioner I think he did Gordon's old
job when he comes back and like fight
for the city the Talia girl or whatever
was like shoot them or kill them all or
whenever when they drive by and all you
see is I'm standing and then like that
bat the bat or whatever drives by and
then he's like laying down like this but
there's not a single gunshot on him at
all and it's like wait what the [ __ ] is
happening it's it looks really really
really stupid no I agree I definitely
agree on that
that's probably one net net positive
maybe excuse I've been allowed to
question further it's because it's PG
wait was the Dark Knight Rises really PG
no no no way
the pg-13 for sure yeah this is the
standards of God and loser now because
uh Disney Illuminati money paid out to
the MPA or whatever the [ __ ] but I
completely agree with you at first I
thought you know infinity war battle
with it because it was alien blood you
know you know you saw like green green
blood and even then the Loki strangle in
the beginning spoilers is a you know
super graphic I was like oh that's this
is very graphic and then the
decapitation with the blood splatter and
it's red blood on you know at on on Thor
and Captain Marvel the beginning of uh
in-game spoilers if it's red I'm just
like damn dude get away man you y'all
are explicit now holy [ __ ] yeah like I
feel you there's no way you could have
you know
Hawkeye cuts that dudes [ __ ] throat I
was like I agree I agree I thought it
was gonna be like an Android or some
[ __ ] but it was just like Wang damn I'm
watching some [ __ ] Kill Bill here
holy [ __ ]
but um yeah yeah they're pushing that
envelope really really far now
but I'm sorry we're yeah but that the
Pikachu was rated PG and what I can say
about it now is apparently those them at
some point Pikachu as Ryan Reynolds was
going to smoke a cigar in one scene but
they had to had to get acts entirely
because I would have any kind of use of
smoking would have would have throw into
pg-13 territory and there's probably
some people who may be crying about like
the the the limp dick um I guess plot
climax of the Mewtwo being disabled by
just removing the headband but I'm like
well that doesn't really bothered me
because I'm like it's rated PG you can't
have like realistic
here this was kind of like violent
conflict they would be like you know Tim
punching the Deuter or someone someone
hurting someone somehow so just like
having a non-violent resolve to the the
entire of conflict of mewtwo doing [ __ ]
needs to you know it needs to be
nonviolent so well what else can you do
really other than just like have a flaw
in the execution of the the headband
thingy whatever sure
so that in that deadly Bob it's also
Pokemon through the simple plot my
relief not really upset by that at all
we have a funniest part for me was
definitely the ditto face there's no
other parts I enjoyed to define that
both the infiltrating the laboratory was
comp was a slow-moving thing for me and
the Torterra went on way too long but I
thought the ending was fantastic I loved
I loved the ending that it was like Ron
runs the dad and you know now they're
bonding and maybe I'm biased because
like you know I got daddy issues or
whatever but to me that was a very it
was a very uplifting ending I wasn't
expecting to be so you get ready for me
around the whole movie for you are you
ready oh there's there's definitely some
um some some some iffy things there but
sure go ahead what you got for me why
didn't the kid were recognized
Pikachu's voice is his dad's voice the
whole time bug there you go game over
because something-something hysteria and
schizophrenia manipulation and it was an
audience convenience for you to
understand that uh I don't know all
right there you go
you got that one honestly if you're
really gonna get into this here okay so
the plot is or the the villains like in
ten years at the yeah but we're gonna
make better breeds of existence we're
gonna have hybrid Pokemon the the
advantage of cognitive human thought
with the with the physical advantages of
being like a Pokemon right uh-huh
but then but then what like where like
like against a knife ogres like like
where does it go for more it's a PG
movie we're not supposed to look at it
too closely I don't think but okay okay
I'm gotcha
I'm sorry you're being that guy so it's
kind of like you know throw out there
the we can we can be not if you want to
create the fun to zero right now we can
do that if you want to but what was I
gonna say oh [ __ ] I just had an idea
forget it oh I don't know if this is
like PG audiences or something but man I
had a lot of laughs Aires in my theater
that were a laughing at a lot of stuff
that wasn't that funny
did you have this or uh [ __ ] that the
other problem is now have to recall the
[ __ ] from a girl like me nothing cuz for
me it's very easy to call because they
were like jokes that would happen and
people next maybe like ha ha ha ha and
it was like what that was not that funny
dude are you okay there were a lot of
laugher did you go to it well well you
know you're out you're in a very
population 10 Syria it was almost fall
yeah yeah I did you go to a midnight
screening or even like just like a
normal evening screening actually you
know pause here what's your stance on
those are you are you not midnight
screens and there's like no film that
you're excited for to go see for a
midnight screening there's not [ __ ]
detective Pikachu I'm not above a
midnight screening I'll go to my screen
but I'm not detective Pikachu no I'm
good on that gotcha gotcha okay
I you just go to midnight because it's
like uh it's well two things are one my
Midnight's
are because I'm in like a I guess it's a
less traffic state like they do a
midnight but they push it they don't
want to be open till midnight so it just
HD like a six seven and eight o'clock
screenings and call for on the day of
the midnight and watch you on tonight
and so it just works out better so I can
just go to like a decently timed
screening pre spoiler on internet
culture and have a great time sure not
only that but because it's a it's a
hardcore fan screening you know of any
given movie I have no kids no annoying
kids deal with them none that I should
it's all fans so did you get that
elicits we're going well you got cards
well you got cards
OMM [ __ ] jealous too didn't get
pokemon cards no [ __ ] cards dude
you're putting it not oh you're pointing
out your key how can you sit there yeah
I'm jelly dude not even the [ __ ]
cards dude damn they're all like
holographics DUI babette but my theater
employees are [ __ ] dicks and word
often themselves think so mm-hmm
yeah no I had a I had a pretty full
screening of mine as well mostly adults
in the auditory time
one thing I do want say I feel that
haven't haven't given enough compliments
to what I think is like very well done
that's definitely the aesthetic i-i-i
was like looking to I was kind of mean
watching avatar for the first time I was
like man I'm looking for when my
immersion is ruined and I'm like this
Pikachu look good the Pikachu Pikachu
against the lighting of the neon signs
at nighttime are great the Furze like
tremendously well done do I thought I
thought every 12 come on looked
fantastic through the all-around even in
scenes the only cellphone was even
anywhere near questionable on immersion
ruin because it's I can tell it's CGI
moving around not like a real IRL
Pokemon was after the Torterra scene
when the or when the Bulbasaur's are
summoning Mewtwo that's but that's means
I'm in a bad mood because usually you
want to avoid like broad daylight scenes
because it kind of it will expose the
most scrutiny of CGI elements against a
real backdrop and but even then I
thought you know they look great that
was it what's not bad you know they were
really bold for going for a daytime it's
like full day time again CGI cuz you
know that's usually really hard to pull
off and it's kind of a reason why you
see films like venom from last year
it's a mostly night time a film because
it's way easier to blend in in obscure
detail when things are set at night so
when you want to like lower your budget
on CGI just make everything at nighttime
yeah but I thought the aesthetics were
fantastic dude like it's everything that
the sonic movie is is not for sure you
see though they actually said they were
gonna go back go back and reanimate a
lot of it yeah the director had tweeted
out that um we heard your feedback and
we're gonna make sonic right which is
vague and I don't know that means are
gonna like make his eyes unify and some
kind of like Cyclops traditional fashion
if they're gonna completely go for all
of design I mean you're gonna delay the
film to accommodate you know what's
gonna be you know you blatantly if you
have enough leisure to cut a trailer
clearly you're far along production and
given six months to retool Sonic and
whatever way he's saying here is no
small task is it's actually not as big
of a deal I kind of wonder like
obviously there's a lot of work for
custom to the CGI and [ __ ] but do you
have to act do you think you have to
actually reshoot scenes if they're just
changing the animation of them a little
bit like like a lot of the
if okay so if this size changes yeah if
you if the size changes they would but I
don't know if they had to change the
size so much more than just like the
facial stuff and then like the the
proportions if the critique was taken at
face value you kind of need the fix ad
because it to me the proportions look
off it doesn't like it looks like a
small child bear in the costume or in
the head looks like a separate entity
and on its own I can give you a
screenshot what what I'm getting at here
there are a lot of people that yeah yeah
yeah look it looks I see it I see a
little kid in a fur suit I don't see a
realistic like the Hedgehog at all um
I'm really agree with even going
realistic with in the first place
it looks too detached from the source
property in its entirety like I'm gonna
go to target audiences here like I don't
know how you're gonna sell merch of this
aesthetic of Sonic like who's gonna buy
the [ __ ] you know six-inch Sonic
figurine doll for Christmas as like as
soon as the [ __ ] trailer starts and he
was like gotta go fast looking right
into the camera - yeah oh god what's
happening I will I will say so funny
thing here for my midnight screen
instead - Pikachu that trailer did come
on bro full audience laughter as soon as
you see the blur pass by on the highway
of the speedometer everyone knew what it
was everyone laughed for all the wrong
reasons
everyone knew [ __ ] all the hard-working
small into the midnight screening knew
no such giant [ __ ] meme at this point
now and the duty everyone was talking
the entire time during the trailer
bazaar alt whispered to their friends
about like how [ __ ] dog should AIDS it
is or you know whatever banter they're
gonna know they're ripping on it dude no
one took it seriously it's gonna be one
of those like moves you just go I don't
even know like [ __ ] stone this [ __ ]
and just like have a [ __ ] great time
boy you're mine whatever so I'm hoping
they delay it but I don't do the [ __ ]
the fact that even got this far looking
this terrible is honestly just baffling
to me like there had to be like some
checks and bounces along here you
compare to that the Pikachu which had a
lot of Pokemon company involved in the
production compared this one you were
just like I can just tell like some
[ __ ] executive at Paramount was like
I know what kids want kids want to look
realistic because
transformers
realistic and that sold great so [ __ ]
but [ __ ] with his fanbase wants I know
better and it's like all right bro you
do you uh-huh so so yeah that's uh
that's that and then was there anything
else about that speaking shoe um now do
I know I agree with you I thought was a
bowl take I had a great time with it I I
don't have much to complain about other
than those two scenes Papes two seams of
pacing and but I'm really happy that um
I'm just happy that it did well and I'm
hoping that we can get more from it um I
think seeing more video game movies be
close in production and Association they
would be a good thing uh-huh not
obviously a great game is suited for a
full screen adaption but you know this
does give me faith this gives me a lot
more faith that this went that well and
my company gave I assume the production
here both at legendary and and Warner
Brothers gave them a lot a lot of I
guess freedom to do what they wanted to
do and gives me a lot of faith for the
for that Mario movie because the Tendo
has that in production as well here the
Mario movie yeah a CG animated calling
toy story a CG animated Mario Mario
movie except it's currently stated for I
believe 2022 and it's being done by
illumination the people who do Spica
will mean minions score for pets so it
might be more of a slapstick centric
thing but you know we'll see where that
goes
did you or did you watch the original
Mario movie not in full yet I do want to
get to at some point [ __ ] you've gotta
watch it that's a good-ass that's a
[ __ ] shot here to us it's a trip dude
here it's a [ __ ] trip man there's a
really good documentary on YouTube about
it though talking about like how these
these two directors actually had no
interest in making the Mario movie
alright so it looks re small for here so
the two directors of the
husband-and-wife team they want to make
some like psychedelic surrealism centric
sci-fi thriller they couldn't get a
proof for it but further they wanted to
make and then whenever they were
approached by like a some kind of like
agent company or whatever yeah they were
they were shot they're like hey look we
can't get you movie approved here but I
think I can get you
making the the Mario movie would you
want to do that it's kind of like took
the Mario I peeps ejected their freakin
their crazy-ass surreal moving into it
which is kind of why it looks so that's
a crazy crazy aesthetic to the whole
thing that's actually a very big the
story of how that movie happened is
probably more fascinating than the
actual movie itself maybe yeah you look
further into it I find that I have to
find out YouTube video for you that was
really really good okay
but I definitely want at some point
though are you ready I don't know if
we're gonna disagree too much on this
now based on the things I've heard you
say unfortunately we're not gonna get
those big disagreement suburban waiting
for him but this is what are we talking
about toxic blue oil or gate 2019
spoiler gauge 118 okay well well first
let me just predate this by saying that
I um I don't I do i I polished my string
here so I feel like I did not challenge
you enough like you went on your huge
try it about like how you spoilers
knowing the plot or the sauces of a film
or a work does not hinder your enjoyment
of that film I feel that didn't come in
out enough here to say that I disagree
with that
I definitely does the reason why I go to
midnight screens because I want to avoid
knowing anything's I want to go in blind
because the the the there is a there is
a value as the artists member to to not
know what's gonna happen and to maybe
perhaps be surprised by things you can
use you know the evidenced foreshadowing
or any kind of context clues to figure
out what doesn't belong here but there's
definitely a value to just not knowing
blatantly what will happen and how will
happen so I I prefer to go in as white
as possible on anything yeah I don't
disagree a lot of people like to watch
the stuff that way sure so so we when
you gave you take their eyes to the
challenge out a little bit more but with
that mind please present present your
presenter case here what we got here on
schooling game I don't disagree that at
all um the the thing that bothers me I
guess is um I don't know I guess we
could talk about this specific case or
kind of how I dude in general I guess
like so to state a couple positions very
clearly and I've said these a million
times although I don't even know if
people know what I think anymore I I
think that you should enjoy media in
whatever way you want that if you like
watching things without knowing anything
if you like the surprise of seeing big
twists and whatnot across the screen I
think
that's totally fine and that's your
right I mean anybody should be able to
enjoy media any way they want for me
personally I don't I I try to avoid like
spoiling stuff like I'll never do like
day of and I try to avoid like opening
weekend but like past that I don't
really care anymore so I think for
endgame like the joke that I tweeted
without a spoiler warning came out it
was Monday night after the movie had
been out since I think Thursday would
have been the midnight showings or
whatever all right yeah I like at that
point basically the way that I view it
is that like if spoilers are a really
huge thing to you and a really important
part of what you do and it's a big part
of the movie going experience to you I
don't understand why your have anything
to do with social media four days after
release like it just seems like such an
incredibly stupid [ __ ] thing it seems
like that's not a priority for you movie
that's what it feels like or if it is
like at the very least like why are you
on social media like that's yeah that's
pretty much it well it's only a the
possibilities are only you know net
negative you can only get spoiled you
know you can mute words but you can't
you can't mute images or me or image
macro memes that could spoil things for
you so yeah it was a really a priority
to you or just entitlement on your end
of how the internet should behave around
your conditions uh-huh yeah which is
which is silly yes that was it after
Sunday night yo it's free game yo yeah
I'm not waited all week I held I've been
I've been blue ballin yo my nutsack is
fool I'm ready to splooge I'm ready to
[ __ ] go man I'm done you're all
[ __ ] weekend ready to talk about the
[ __ ] so yeah yeah I mean that's fair
now however Dona pull you over right now
sir uh-huh what's this I heard about you
DMing supposed people okay so basically
this is what happened okay so and I gave
this take and this is the maddest I
think my community has ever gotten so
over the next 10 days so usually what I
do when I wake up the first thing I do
when I wake up is I get my phone out and
I check my stuff reddit to see what's
going on usual to make sure that nothing
bad in me got leaked or something
catastrophic is happening or none of my
accounts were hacked so I get onto my
reddit and every single day I wake up
there is another dumb [ __ ] thread on my
reddit with 200 [ __ ] comments about
how mad people are giving the most
all brain takes have every scene of my
life so here is an example of a few of
the amazing takes I got one was the
mythical the mythical employee who
wasn't able to see an opening-weekend
because all of the theaters were full
who wasn't able to see it on Monday and
who has to see who has to use social
media for their job and who will be
following accounts it will spoil movies
for him this was like so these were the
level of people that were being invented
oh and that also business people that
work in other countries where the movie
hadn't been released in the right
language yet who were using social media
as part of their job and it was like who
the [ __ ] are these people what the [ __ ]
so that was one of the things that was
brought up another thing that came up
was another thing that came up was
people saying people saying oh god what
was it okay one was creating the
mythical play oh the other were the
would the crazy are construed were going
so destiny says that women should be
able to walk outside and walk wherever
they want without somebody raping them
but for some reason destiny doesn't
think I should be able to go on social
media without being spoiled and I'm like
whoa yeah all seek Rivlin see always
even false equivalency it's the analogy
doesn't fit because I think women should
have the right to walk around outside
without being raped I don't think you
should have the right to read other
people's social media and it can dictate
their conversations right so it's a dis
analogous but when I would say like oh
this is about analogy feel like why you
use rape analogies all the times like
well yeah when I think the analogy fits
so that was a huge one and then another
one was people saying destiny doesn't
like North Carolina voter ID laws
because it thinks it disproportionately
impacts minorities so why is he allowed
to spoil stuff on social media and I
don't even know what how that argument
even pretended to connect but like they
were like these were the level of takes
and then these weren't just like people
riding them to like one-up vote these
were like massively uploaded threads
with hundreds of comments with these
types of comments getting a lot of up
votes and like after like a week of this
I was like dude like and what would
happen is like every day I would like
somebody would bring it up while I'm
playing League or whatever to be like oh
like this seems like really dumb like I
don't know we talked about it for like
five minutes and then like another day
but another day would pass and people
would make more threats like okay well
this is ridiculous and then people are
saying you know like on loans because
you keep bringing it up it's like well I
don't think me bringing something up for
five minutes like warrants of a two
hundred comment post and after like
literally ten days of this so ten days
after the fact okay I wake up and people
and it's gotten to this incredibly
vitriolic point where people would like
post a thread for like odesi spoiling
[ __ ] I don't like the comments are like
this is why destiny left his kid in
Nebraska's cuz he doesn't like anybody
and he's just a huge piece of [ __ ] was
like what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
guys like over spoilers so when I
started to read comments like that I
started to DM people I started to DM
people Game of Thrones spoilers for the
for the leaks for the next few days so
because I was like cuz I was like at
this point like if you're literally
gonna let go this heart and I'm gonna be
this vilify it well [ __ ] it man I'm
gonna have some [ __ ] fun so I start
finding people that are leaving the
rudest and like the most ass pain
comments about my personal life over
this world oh [ __ ] I start damning them
future leaks for Game of Thrones and
then from there people go to livestream
fail and they start posting threads and
then those threads are full of people
who it's like oh well destiny like flies
around the world to [ __ ] underage girls
so that he can like doing his kids life
and it's like ah you know what dude [ __ ]
it man at that point I'm like you know
what I'm just gonna publicly [ __ ]
start responding to comments and it's
like dude I'm not gonna lie I'm in at
this point so I want to fully
acknowledge that I was being a huge
[ __ ] I don't think I was being that
big of an [ __ ] for damning people
spoilers because you know what [ __ ]
those people I don't care about you but
for posting public spoilers I definitely
was a huge [ __ ] like three out of the
like whatever people living in the
offline TV house apparently were spoiled
by me everything those [ __ ] threads
but that was that was definitely being a
dick move posting publicly but goddamn
Michael he was a lot of [ __ ] fun dude
I would like show up in a thread and
somebody be like I just don't understand
why destiny is no concern for like the
life of a son or whatever and I respond
like I really agree it kind of reminds
me about how Tyrion didn't have any
concern for various getting you know
melted by Daenerys this happened already
right and like people would get so
[ __ ] mad I would post one comment and
I would have like 50 [ __ ] replies
people would be editing here comes
instantly watch out Destiny's here watch
out in all Catholic he's spoiling below
like [ __ ] [ __ ] I've ever seen em I
said I was up into like [ __ ] 5:00
a.m. like showing I'm like random
threads I think I even spelled detective
Pikachu
listen buckle over degenerates who
clapped at you first
I I can actually understand that one
that that des really bugged me honestly
Mac Mac even now hearing more context
here uh-huh
yeah that's whatever like the public
stuff was a dick move though I ignite it
was a dick move but at that point man we
were throwing so many nukes I was like
listen man there's gonna be some
collateral damage I'm sorry but like
[ __ ] it dude I don't give a [ __ ] anymore
there's a lot I want to get to the
sociology of this whole thing so first
thing first is that I feel like
theatrical movie spoilers and Game of
Thrones polls are two very different
things like there's like there's like
spoiler gate is like crazy with Game of
Thrones because of the leaks and because
of the culture it's funny because I feel
like most theatrical films have like you
know I think it's I think it's fair to
say there's like an opening weekend
buffer so therefore you can publicly
disclose things but comparatively
because few of Thrones is like a no
static scheduled episode release um
people people fire off on Game of
Thrones spoilers once the episodes aired
something while it's airing people do
yeah there was like an NFL player or
somebody or NBA player that did it and
people were getting mad at them yeah but
yeah people will like start literally
tweeting like mid episode yeah yeah so
that I feel that's what it's a very it's
a very different thing there real quick
one of my favorite thing was well the
episode was airing I got a few dm's like
right after one of the first big things
that I publicly spoiled happen and I
think it's because people were watching
they're like oh dusty was right and
there's nothing started writing me
messages during the [ __ ] I guess I give
good and that was here again about this
they they people disgust foes right away
and [ __ ] this no I apologize like you
were just talking about how spoiler gate
is big for movies but people will fire
off tweets in the middle of Game of
Thrones episodes I mentioned an NBA or
NFL player oh okay the variable now is
that you know the leaks happen right
didn't it was that valid I don't know
much about here but that the leaks were
the entire season came out before so
five sector X the least it was like a
favorite oh yeah leaks like
all like for the past a couple episodes
there's been big leagues trying to
detail what happens like at the end of
the season yeah which seems like yeah
probably true at this point yeah yeah
it's a couple of these had called and
called incorrectly at this point now so
now you got the guy know you know you
have this people going in so now it's
like it's ruins dreadful because I
recall um if interest premiered
nationwide not in LA but nationwide like
on a Thursday right and by Tuesday there
were like some [ __ ] huge a sleek so
at that point I'm saying all right look
let me just I want to see endgame as
flat as possible I'm just gonna like III
only tweeted out I didn't even go to my
um my timeline tab I just like i purely
went to I would just tweet things out
into the void of Twitter you know I'm
live this is cool whatever and I
wouldn't even gauge on anything for
those two days until I can go see
Avengers ASAP and then I didn't even
stream on on a vintage premiere they cuz
I mean one deal I was like who's gonna
be i'ma go to gym me productive i'ma
remain off off of social media cuz I'm
an impossible person is like went to
fled blab to everything else in the
possibly in this world and imma go see
Avengers happily as bland as possible
you know whatever [ __ ] 5 p.m. on
Thursday premiere day uh-huh so I I kind
of backed off there but you know if
you're a game of Thrones fan and you got
[ __ ] just dot you know leaks coming up
like [ __ ] loose diarrhea in every
direction possible it's like you kind of
have to watch it like well it's airing
otherwise you're probably gonna good for
sure yeah it seems really really
stressful so that's a--that's a big
variable but I don't really know how to
how to like contextualize the computers
for is like what's ethical and what's
not because you know so like it's really
weird cuz a lot of people were telling
me so the Monday I tweeted this on it so
my original tweet that started all of
this was on Monday night okay
and when I tweeted I had a lot of people
saying well destiny I fell a lot of
people when you're the first one that
spoke for me I don't know how but I knew
that like iron Earth's spoiler alert I
guess for endgame I knew that iron man
died like I feel like I knew that like
four months ago and I don't even know
how like I don't even read much about
like these movies but I feel like I read
that like iron man
I don't remember Black Widow but I know
for sure iron man I feel like I read
that like so long ago like in so many
different places I don't know it's
pretty implied it would be cap America
and or iron man well not even but I feel
like I'd read like leaks and spoilers
and [ __ ] before then but yeah I don't
know oh it had leaked oh well there you
go oh yeah and then also like not to be
too mad about
all of the contract [ __ ] made it like
really [ __ ] obvious to really obvious
- yeah and like the Robert Durst movies
and everything else movies everything
yeah yeah cuz Robert Don James without a
contract since I think like [ __ ]
Avengers - so like he can't like pay him
out like something like 50 million per
film I just like he that he just got
like [ __ ] Godzilla bang at that point
and they wanted to definitely deftly was
a Marvel interests actually get him out
of there because he's like he's just too
good at what he does this point yeah
like he's too MVP but back to spoil gate
though so we covered that and then so if
the first thing first set the Game of
Thrones polls are very different than
everything else because of this whole
contextual situation of the leaks and
really like unreleased stuff is a lot
different than yeah yeah and then also
though that uh spoiler gate in 2019 is
very different than in the past to me it
might be my only anecdotal here but like
I feel like people weren't bitching as
much about spoilers on social media like
if we go back like you know maybe like
five to seven years back from now and I
feel like like I think back here to like
Avengers 1 coming out and I really feel
that wasn't like it was more like
everyone was hypothetic you know that a
collab Temple ensemble film came out and
it was it was no it didn't suck ass and
that was celebrated and everyone was
just like talking about how cool it was
that weekend not really don't spoil
anything until Monday
like you know because and I feel like up
as the MCU is continue to go along where
you're at the point now we're seeing the
apex of a 22 film story build-up that
the spoiler culture got you know more
invasive and more corrosive over time
you're now and yeah and I always know
this is something that like I don't like
to talk about this much because it's
like so one-sided like because I like
people and people enjoy media so much
differently than I do and I realize that
now and it's you know I try to realize
that man I suppose so many sad comments
in my child like people saying things
like like why would you ever watch Fight
Club if you knew the twist and it's like
dude it was a really good movie what do
you mean are people saying the same
things about like memento instead but
it's like wait really like I don't know
I I think it's actually that's a yeah
and like I don't know I think that's
really sad but like regardless like
again if you want to try it that way
that's fine
but like there is like something about
like publicly celebrating
pipe that like I miss that doesn't you
can't happen with the current spoiler
culture right like there is no huge
celebration for like all the awesome
cool [ __ ] about endgame because you
weren't allowed to talk about it once it
came out and like nobody's gonna like
hype it like two weeks later like nobody
gives a [ __ ]
I actually remember a situation that
happened almost exactly like this with
Starcraft a long time ago and I don't
remember what ultimately ended up
happening but it came out to where like
people would people would celebrate it
was so fun I'm reading [ __ ] the 15 IQ
takes in my chat I'm sorry
[Laughter]
it's destiny many people sure like you
can check the logs and you can pretend
I'm inventing people but you guys yeah
you really are this [ __ ] stupid and
people that agree they really are this
[ __ ] stupid you know that bothers you
maybe if you take leave your side and
then death scene it's about the first
experience I feel like you argue in bad
faith I'm not arguing about it faith at
all if you enjoy the first experience
something that's fine I just think it's
incredibly [ __ ] sad that you would
think a movie is bad because you know
the twist it just shows it like but we
enjoy meeting breathing her ways but if
you hey if that's how you like to enjoy
it that's totally on you you can think
that I'm really [ __ ] sad because I
don't care about things like that that's
fine we can think that about each other
it's okay my dude you're gonna be fine
but anyway in StarCraft there is a huge
thing where it got to a point where
people like will hold on we're not
allowed to make threads congratulating
the winners of tournaments because
you're spoiling it for people that watch
vod's who wake up the next day because
they have to work I think they had that
rule for yeah I think they had that rule
for like a week or two and the Starcraft
subreddit and then people were like hold
on this is [ __ ] [ __ ] like we're
hypest [ __ ] like a tournament just
happened we want to make posts and
celebrate the [ __ ] winner and now we
all bhai piss killed because of like
spoiler Fox because of because of vods i
qui can't do this because we have to
wait for people to catch up and like
calm with the RO spoiler cooks oh I
thought you were about to say something
different but yes both legs maybe I'm
reformed we talking about yeah well cuz
vaad the other word is what you would
normally say odd slur 2009 tracks were
past that now we don't you mean 2019 try
eggs when did you get banned for calling
your friend anyway okay that was a
heated ear moment that was okay no I I
ate a game a moment see I'm 2018 destiny
okay that was my heated game a moment so
where are you trying sketch up
alright man damn dude oh man there's a
big racial joke okay anyway yeah I was
gonna say african-americans lagging
behind the white man in more ways than
one tracks but we're not going there
okay what the [ __ ] was I talking about
Oh anyway yeah I think they finally
rewind rewound it all where they were
like okay no this is [ __ ] stupid when
people win tournaments we need to be
able to make big threads we need to be
able to have like a lot of [ __ ] fun
like this is so stupid
and honestly like the spoiler stuff it's
kind of turned out the same way at this
point it's never gonna be undone and I
understand that but like we're never
gonna have a day where like a really
cool movie or hype movie like [ __ ] I
guess endgame Ritter comes out we're
like on opening night and the next day
like people are tweeting like all the
cool [ __ ] about it that will never
happen again because everybody's so
[ __ ] obsessed with protecting people
from spoilers and I think that's really
sad to miss out on like that kind of
like cultural thigh so when you Thomas
here it actually makes me come back to
an example of how quickly times have
changed so I allow me to present you a
situation that is like taking me to this
point now it's already it happened to me
in 2015
Zootopia removed that phone visiting
I've heard of it but yeah well do Toby
came out March 2015 and I was already
excited for it conceptually but then
when it came out it was dude it was way
better than I expect this one my
actually on my favorite this is I'm
small-time separate from all the all
things you may hear about now so see in
the baggage you know the furry fan are
and everything else about it whoever
it's actually a great film have a big
fan of it and I felt like I wanted to UM
it went actually touched on a lot of
themes of prejudice and and classism and
racism drop the film is depicted by the
Predators and the prey that coexist in
this Autopia ecosystems you know how you
know when you have like you know in the
natural and habitats here we have ten
percent of predators and 90 percent of
the of animals are prey how do they
coexist peacefully and [ __ ] like that
right and they did dive into that theme
hardcore in the second half of the movie
and I love the film so much I wanna just
have one people to think that you know
hey it's not a it's not a simple dumbed
down boring no children brain for film
it's actually a great film on its own
independently and dependent of being an
animated film and independent of the
being like a Disney kid
family-friendly films actually agree
from all together and I wanted to really
push of that so I kind of went to did
like a four or five five part tweet
thread about how good it was and how the
rotten tomato that nine percent and how
I agree with I just I love that it went
so much deeper than needed to in its
entirety and I brought all the cool
things like you're saying I brought all
the cool things about the film that make
it really worth going to see without
spoiling anything in my opinion and I
did that in 2015 the thread was hot I
got like I don't know whatever seventy
likes or whatever for back back in that
time for me was pretty good for for meta
for metrics on my tweets and I feel like
in modern day now I wouldn't do that I'd
be too scared to disclose even the
themes explored in the film that
happened for a second half of the film
so I just add me that you know I feel
like I can't I thought I can't bring up
that how cool the ending of set the
Pikachu or even say that it is cool I
don't even know how to like even like
bring up the things I like about this
Pikachu without kind of spoiling
anything about it so I'm scared just
spoiler alerts like all of your tweets
and hope the people yeah yeah I got I do
like a [ __ ] two-part tweet and have
part to be like you know all police
siren emojis and then say spoiler and
then part three be the spoiler itself
right and that's looking big enough for
it so it does kind of sad me that 2015 I
was like you know I was doing the thing
you're gonna bring up here I would
celebrate the culture of the film opened
my first solid you know I couldn't wait
that we actually tweeted it in the
theater during the Krenz was like you
know disclosed so [ __ ] awesome I
loved it and then 2019 now I'm kind of
like overthinking everything and I'm
kind of scared to even disclose what can
i disclose honestly you know was it all
I say you know is it worth seeing or is
not worth seeing
and do I think it's good it's like two
very vague non non descriptive anything
honestly so yeah yeah you're right
Spalla gate for me has sadly infected me
and I'm wondering what I want to do
about it
do I am I ready to like you know be
Destiny's Junior and come out here and
come out buck and swing in or am I gonna
like I don't know I'm gonna do about it
honestly I have to figure that out
really yeah I mean it just it as what it
is that's whatever now it's kind of
funny because like you have like I
remember back [ __ ] how old where I've
been I'm pretty sure like people made
fun of you if you would go on two days
after release and you hadn't finished
reading whatever Harry Potter book could
come out like cool you had like yeah
day two two days tops to finish like a
700 page book and you did it like
everybody did it even if you were in
grade school you read like all like
those those books got fairly long I mean
the text is big with like decent link
for like kit for child's reading like
you had to have that [ __ ] read in two
days
or people were [ __ ] spoil that [ __ ]
like and you were expected you to like
nobody [ __ ] gets through like the
weekend without having read like the
entire a Potter book like what the [ __ ]
is wrong with you yeah so it's kind of
funny that like we gave less time for
people to read those like pretty long
books than we do for them to like watch
like a to remove you know yeah
well also keep in mind to hear that it
was you're bringing up Harry Potter and
I want to say what Deathly Hallows come
out was in 2008 I don't remember yeah I
was like it was like it was either late
Oh 7 or 2008 for death the kalos and
like for example just twitter twitter
debuted no 9 right so it was just pre
social media that that's the difference
there you were talking like a pre pre
social media savvy landscape least
particular to Twitter I mean I mean all
them got stronger over time but like you
know even the ones who were both most
active on Twitter is was not even around
that time particle correctly oh really
I'm off here mm mm 7 really I don't know
when but maybe I'm using here maybe
maybe it like with interest early
there's those only celebrities like my
ramen that y'all was it was was Twitter
like invite only at some point or might
just complete the making sure but now
cuz I maybe I even hear about Twitter
until 2009 so like I didn't know it was
even a thing until then and I need me
I'm making a council 2011 so maybe I'm
just so completely a piece of [ __ ] who's
making up [ __ ] right now
way to go um so like if you're gonna
shout cast me on that when Twitter was
exactly created I would debate you know
when was it actually culturally
irrelevant to breathe horse my point
here about social medias influenced my
landscape so yeah so yeah that though
yeah it's just different then so I don't
know like maybe things'll get better
maybe we'll see but yeah that's a it's a
big [ __ ] show right now as far as
spoilers go another thing that um this
triggers the [ __ ] out of my chair when I
talk about some kind of trigger them
again and people are gonna say I'm
storming the [ __ ] out of people but like
one thing that I kind of noticed oh and
then people will stream in the [ __ ] out
of me which is really funny but one
thing that I noticed that was also very
surprising to me is people are obsessed
with social media
holy [ __ ]
like people will like I had people in my
chat who would on ironically say things
so I'd be like I would say things like
okay well listen let's say that you
can't watch it opening weekend let's say
that you you know can't like whatever
why can't you just stay off Twitter for
like two or three days until you see it
and people are saying things and then
here are the two comparisons that people
write up is some one person would say
okay well what about this video destiny
will you say it's not fair to tell
people to get off social media forever
just because they're being harassed okay
so it's like okay well one this is
getting off social media forever and
cemetary days and two this is because
people are like actually harassing you
not because you're trying to avoid other
people's conversations right that was
one thing about and then other people
are saying things like oh okay so you
base want me to cryogenically freeze
myself like because I can't watch a
movie and it's like it's that really the
equivalent of like staying up Twitter
for two or three days like is that
really that much of a problem you know
no I thought that was yeah I don't know
I thought that was really weird there
are a lot of people that were like going
really nuclear about how like impossible
it was for them to stay of social media
yeah and then other people are saying
things like oh well you're you're you're
obsessed with social media because you
use all the times like dude I use social
media because it's my job right because
when I tweet yeah it's like really
related my stream [ __ ] like if you want
to see how I feel about social media go
look at my [ __ ] Facebook because I
don't do [ __ ] all with that or look at
my Instagram you know before I had to
build that because my Twitter died like
I don't give a [ __ ] I personally don't
give a [ __ ] about social media
there's always wanting people to attack
me over should they think I care about a
lot of the people in my ass I read it
we're writing things like let's let's
spoil everything for desti from now on
we're gonna start spoiling everything
like not knowing that I don't give a
[ __ ] about it but yeah I don't know the
projection was really funny but yeah ya
know there's there's a lot going on
there so stay logically but as far as
like the depends on social media goes
like there's there's just so much
evidence that it's like it's it's not
it's an oh don't wanna see it's a net
negative I mean the benefit of
interconnectivity nation or I guess like
globally does have pause this
information spreads faster debatable
like for better for worse you know but
fake news and legit knows do spread
faster but there's a lot of
psychological problems I think come from
like too much dependency on social media
you know the dopamine manipulation for
teenagers going through puberty as far
as like you know keep scrolling the the
desire to only portray your your peak
possibility
um you know at this the gram effect
we're just like you're seeing everyone
at their twelve out of ten moment and
you naturally compare it to yourself
because your database would be a five
out of ten so you're thinking like you
know that you're less than the things
you're seeing on social media so you
just you're kind of like gained into
either like wanting obsession with the
perfection or concepts fired to become
the perfection which is kind of like
impossible right uh-huh
if you're an everyday person there's
there's that which will attack your
self-worth which makes you into a
marketable object because then you can
be marketed to to aspire to become more
perfect so it's like kind of like in
their advantage to do that um I mean
well scissor looks like there's like so
many things I can get into that like
social media can just make you less
happy altogether there was a study done
I want to say in 2016 about like um if
you stay off the internet in entirety
you on average you could be a happier
person you will be less informed but you
but the ignorance is bliss which will be
a happier person but just like but you
know that's a kind of like a hot take
though I would say but um but yeah
there's a lot that we can get into about
the the damage is in the effects of
social media consumption and but it is
troublesome that people have to have the
inability to wire off I kind of caught
that from myself a little bit and if I
can I guess by the most maybe my best
example of that would be that um when I
was young on Twitter when I was I'd say
probably before 2013 I had not I did not
yet have 10,000 followers yet right and
on Twitter you know you see your
specific number of followers at that
time and I hate that it that it got to
me but you know the [ __ ] the e-penis
lump got from you know my my ratio of
following to follower was the thing that
like kind of like I know it was like a
train behavior from seeing how people
care about it I guess and so you know
one make sure I was following the
minimum out of people to look cool
forceful to the max amount people were
following me yeah which I know is I know
a shallow and pathetic cuz I'm gonna
piece of [ __ ] I agree I agree that I'm
sorry about that I'm working on ever
since then but before I made 10,000
followers you know you would see you
know nine thousand eight hundred and
seventeen and you know I would tweet out
something you know a hot take or
whatever and I would lose followers I
would literally see the 30 followers go
away and unfollow me it was like this is
damaging dude I really I I make him a
much happier person once I reached like
10 K it solve a 10.1 K and I would no
longer see the
you know the 50 to 100 interval that
would cause the number to dip down I was
a happy person I was it maybe it made me
less eager to tweet I guess Hawk takes
it maybe fall to that Instagram model of
just like only tweeting out things I
know universally you're gonna be
echo-chamber [ __ ] rather than my
what my what I genuinely feel or even if
I'm misinformed in things I wanna here's
how I feel about it
letsa let's have discussion elaborate
more so I understand where y'all coming
from if I'm different than everyone else
from Pharma contrarian and I'm just let
I was less eager at that time is not
such a [ __ ] pathetic insecure piece
of [ __ ] to ever like do that so I I get
those effects actually they were hitting
me back then but now you know now the
dicks bad dog no [ __ ] anymore so I just
do what I want to do it's kind of like
have you ever seen people that will
follow like thousands and thousands of
people to get follows back and then they
unfollow them once they follow them do
we call out do we call the pro someone
does it actually by the way uh way doing
okay I'll say heartbeat heart bandit oh
yeah oh no I knew that actually yeah
Parkton bags but I didn't know you knew
that but yeah isn't done it yeah he's
like you know it his eye his eyes like
it's a graphics thing you know I can't
unfollow them whenever I want to and
then I'll have like you know I was a
sick follow to follow agree to yeah yeah
yeah um you know and uh but yeah that's
uh yeah social media is I have a lot the
critique there I I don't really know the
problem is though I don't know what I
want out of it
like uh you know I'm telling you the
things I don't like but what's the
solution and what should we do going
forward I don't know I know Facebook's
garbage Twitter's garbage I hate Jackson
[ __ ] dumbass Facebook is completely
untrustworthy I I'm I like you despise
it I don't even like I mean could I
could I be optimal if I like used a
Triax facebook to like broaden my fan
base more possibly but know that that
platform is like everything at the Spy's
honestly so I'm like which means uh
probably the spice to Graham by
association dude the space without
Instagram but like I don't know dude
like this was just a giant giant
dumpster fire to me nowadays I get on
there and it's just like misinformation
and stupid [ __ ] it's just it's just
like it's like IRL idiocracy going on
every [ __ ] big in my timeline of
people I don't even look care about
anymore so wait is Dan really verified
too
on on Twitter wait yeah dan did it so
dan has two hundred to seven thousand
followers and he's [ __ ] Twitter blew
check-marked he did it oh we didn't
follow people oh [ __ ] look at this piano
snap them look at this guy yeah and all
the but now the big problem is that when
your engagement looks like [ __ ] it makes
you look really bad
yeah yeah yeah you're not lying I guess
we'll see though you know he he actually
did it dude holy [ __ ]
goddamn dude um okay so we cover it all
we covered all that that was actually
with the topic book good discussion
those full of game I'm gonna feed to be
right right any conclusions here other
than like I'm sorry yeah I feel like I
feel like every single time I'm ratings
like given nuclear on destiny we somehow
don't have a nuclear take against each
other I know y'all want these a 1v1
debates only happen where it's like Goku
vs. Vegeta and we're just winch networks
or too much Sun [ __ ] leftist beta
cook just we just can't [ __ ] do it
man mechana we can't come at it maybe
maybe we'll uh here you know here I'll
tell you something here's what I don't
like okay so what this I in the hot egg
here like a live-action Aladdin for me I
mean it takes wait do you think the
genial it's weird I think the whole
movie was like [ __ ] I think the whole
movie conceptually should dude I think I
think everything about that is don't you
ever watch it's not out yet is it it
comes out I think this Friday I want to
say comes out this weekend and it looks
like it looks like [ __ ] looks like I
don't see Jeannie I see Will Smith it
looks like a giant Will Smith platform
to let him buzzzz go further I saw I
don't if you saw the Disney released a
scene of the the whenever Aladdin
spoilers for Aladdin by the way whenever
Aladdin wished to become with a prince
or to be a prince and then like they go
back to Agra bows like a you know
marketplaces like had a little scene
Prince ah when the teen is doing that
and rather than like Genie transform
into other peasants in the audience and
be part of them to integrate the hype
it's just
Will Smith being Will Smith wrapping and
wrapping and walking around in the
little parade or whatever it's like
nowhere near it's not as catchy it's not
only
is like as good an execution the entire
film to me feels like a I don't know
why's this exist Jafar ELLs are the
giant [ __ ] boy he doesn't have the
menacing villainous demeanor that he had
in the film comparatively there's a lot
going on there so I'm gonna care about
it the point is I don't care about it I
don't even think I'm gonna go see it I'm
like not really that one has to be mixed
The Lion King has me has me also really
worried I'm a mix on that too actually
um did you ever I don't know about your
story I'm you ever seen the movie Shazam
no I did not see any uh no I'm actually
behind my DC stuff I haven't seen her
maybe me [ __ ] that's not what I was
thinking of though that's the recent one
what was the old one was it Kazaam what
was Shaq yeah yeah cuz I'm hell yeah
he's funny as [ __ ] but I think it's
probably [ __ ] if I were to go back and
watch you know huh yeah the acting is
terrible from from Shaq honestly people
people dick ride a Space Jam with
Michael Jordan well Jordan after dude
those scenes fall flat do only then I
can remember how like painfully [ __ ]
monotonous Michael dream is yeah it is
boy did I make a Space Jam too or am I
crazy
no you did not make a Space Jam too but
Space Jam 2 is confirmed to be in
production starring LeBron James that
was confirmed I think early to see early
last year and I I think it's coming out
in 2021 yeah I see this yeah holy [ __ ]
so we'll see man we'll see one with that
one and the thing is to the reason why
it's gonna happen for sure it's because
uh once again right now Warner Brothers
is lacking a lot right now you know not
ever since Harry Potter Harry Potter
finished with definite hollows and
they're trying to like you know do the
next five film contract with JK Rowling
being a screen
scriptwriter and just like sucking ass
out of the corner to the fan base Harry
Potter is flopping or the the sequel
series know the whole fantastic piece
five film contract is flopping right now
so they're really eager to like do
anything else it's Anna pulling money
DC's doing better on there and now but
like you know I would expect you're
gonna see the sequel to that the Pikachu
very quickly because the student wall
and box office and I suspect they're
gonna see there they were very eager to
do something with Space Jam because you
know Warner Bros is sitting on the
Looney Tunes property and they
and done [ __ ] with it since 2003 with
the Looney Tunes back in action sequel
that happened I didn't do too well
either with Brendan Fraser literally who
this point so yeah they're very gonna do
uh Space Jam too so it's already
happening right now but the point is
yeah that point said yeah we don't argue
enough and I I got started I got come
here start firing off on things I think
are gonna [ __ ] suck ass and her
[ __ ] dog [ __ ] okay so here's a thing
we argue about have you gotten your
shirts yet oh yes actually I'm bad
having gone to the post office to grab
them in I gotta go grab them a review of
the peel box I will wear I will wear
them for you next week okay so I got
that's one that and I'm sorry about that
way I got that there um there is one
last thing cuz I cuz i queens rap
students I have to got that directly 30
minutes yep or three minutes lasting
here so train wreck right train wrecks
he um he tweeted out just the word squad
w and it got like almost a thousand
likes on twitter can we can we can we do
you want to talk about what exactly to
squad w me what is he isn't it like the
[ __ ] in so calling Carter's but like
isn't squad W like his whole kind of
like represents like this whole like
stream persona and personality and
everything doesn't that like squad w
yeah that's why I interpret it as but
I'm like man this [ __ ] got 1000 likes I
even like any context it to oh holy [ __ ]
yeah
so it's the it's a face of all in cells
out there you know is it is it the it's
the face of in cells and and white
knights or pseudo white knights
no no not why not no no no not when it's
at all he calls it the double standards
emote oh there you go
gotcha gotcha
alright here's um the WoW section right
now is literally like so watching
youtube videos right now waiting for
classic water drop it's kind of funny so
I go ahead so like let's say if if train
was our special guest on this episode
today and we're talking we're about to
the abortion rights which which
statement would he would he put you know
squad w statement squad w as a poster
would it be like it's crazy that women
women are demanding too too too many
rights or is it crazy that you know
these no I don't think like people that
so like I would say that train kind of
Falls in kind of like the gamer bro like
political camp and those people tend to
just be anti sjw but they don't tend to
be full-on like conservative so like
most of those people should be like
pro-abortion I don't think that
trainwrecks is gonna come out and give
like an anti abortion take we're like
any like gamer bro people or any like
centrist people are gonna back that bill
guys yeah okay cool cool cool so we got
that squad w in chat everyone um I mean
I guess the last thing here this is the
thrill of roses last topic I guess was a
do we want to did we want to touch on
anything further concerning Ben Shapiro
while that well that's I know everyone
and the politicus press was already
given their their two cents on here but
is there anything we wanted to bring up
while it's cuz it'll be old news by next
week so is there anything remaining me
cuz I really like how much more
relentless the BBC interviewer was than
like most American interviewers American
journalism is like very very softball
Jon Stewart is honestly the only guy
I've ever seen give like a really rough
interview before yeah so I don't know
yeah my big Jon Stewart fan so I can
definitely through there
I would even I wouldn't even call it
hard-hitting no it was more like yo
you're you're being interviewed here
it's awesome I'm hitting you with a
gotcha questions that you have to like
answer you have to pipe on the framing
it was like an interview format or he
could have easily just answered the
question or maybe even maybe challenge
the framing and then answer the question
I don't think it was even like a you
know it was like it was on Fox News Town
Hall and they say okay we're gonna do
rapid-fire questions now there's a
rapid-fire a question around it's like
oh boy here comes that here comes the
loaded questions and the dashes let's
[ __ ] go you know it wasn't like it
was like that at all um so I'm not sure
if I if I than okay it was a stern
interview compared to like the complete
softball blimp noodle standards of
American um American the newscasters but
like I wouldn't you I wouldn't call that
Stern at all and it's just you know your
book your book claims these things how
do you feel about them where was the oh
[ __ ] what was there was a really good
like Ben Shapiro tweet I think it had to
do with history where somebody tweeted
something like like I think he tweeted
something alongside [ __ ] what did he say
he says I'm not like um I don't believe
in there being a
set of history like morality and God
blah blah blah don't judge and then like
he released a book and I'm on the right
side of history
well that to be fair the tweet where he
says that there's no right side of
history that was a 2013 tweet and then
the book title was like you know last
year so I don't know I don't know what
the buffer is on you know wouldn't you
wouldn't you allowing someone to reform
versus when you're just digging the pass
for you know contrary [ __ ] so
there's got to be a limit there right
cuz we can agree that like dumb string
on someone from 2010 is like okay you
bro you're reaching here people have
it's a different climate that's pre 2016
that's pre 2015 whatever you know before
you know I would say yes it's even there
I mean you can argue over there maybe
his position and in 2015 he tweeted
there is no right side of history there
are only those willing to fight evil and
those unwilling to do so so I guess
maybe he's changed his mind that there
is a bright side of history but like I
mean that's pretty funny that like
literally in quotes there is no right
side of history and then you literally
release a book titled I think called
being on the right side of history or
something like I don't know that's
pretty that's pretty ripe
I think but ya know I love like that bro
so when he exit the BBC in the and he
was like you know clearly there's no
there's no anger in American political
this oh yeah it was like thank you for
showing us if there's no anger in
American political discourse or
something like that yeah yeah yeah and
just yeah they got arrested all all all
the fields all in the fields yeah no
they think that's a UH that's all it's
all really got for you um I wish I had
more to talk about there but the problem
is I haven't consumed enough Ben Shapiro
content of like I don't know show them
further or like further contextualize
how and I'm a general thing yeah I
figure I'm like but the one thing that I
get a lot here at whenever I I so what
am i do like political political
commentary on my stream the thing I get
with a lot of like newcomers to come by
are like well why you're always sitting
here quote-unquote blowing the left
while you never like have like I'm never
watching the right speaker having like a
right leading commentator on to like
talk with you about ideas or whatever
and I'm just like I don't know I still I
don't I don't I don't really I don't
like they they keep asking me to have
like both
iZON I'm just like I don't like the
rights really miss for the ones that you
made one on are very misinformed I mean
we would have like we have like Dave
Rubin on and talk to him or that you
know watch his stuff or whatever or like
have like a half crowd at watch a
Crowder commentary or whatever like I'm
not sure what they want
what's the phone with us here put them
sorry they tell me this and what was I
kind of [ __ ] saying [ __ ] I'm I'm
sorry I'm a terrible podcaster like Mike
after bike use my brainpower so hard I
[ __ ] forget where I'm going I'm
painting the st. the context I forget
what my point was about right-wing
commenters in general or things about
past statement steven crowder ben
shapiro things about changing their mind
over time why don't you watch right
right wing yeah where was I going with
that though I don't know I forget
[ __ ] forget wasn't go with that now
but I'm sorry all [ __ ] I complete
drop the ball there good one my guy no
no yeah man what uh so so um so guess on
that in I'll try to revisit y'all next
week I'm sorry I forgot where I was
going with that but uh tell me what you
got going on this week what are your
plans actually so you're gonna be you're
gonna you're gonna um ideally getting
the beta fruit for a Wow for the wild
classic and just [ __ ] Yolo that shift
no light that [ __ ] all weekend yeah I'm
gonna mention I think I'm gonna oh I'm
going to Canada for a some poker
tournament thing I don't know if I'll be
here for the I will make the podcast
work all they would do it in Canada or
some [ __ ] some poker tournament okay
yeah that'll be fun yeah all right yo um
one more thing actually did you hear
about the Jeopardy guy um kinda perfect
are you familiar with the with the the
current phenomenon going right now in
jeopardy
oh isn't there some new guy that's like
threatening the previous yeah there's a
new guy who is threatening Ken Jennings
the the 2004 counsel for the guy who
like one like 2.5 million by having a 60
day approximate streak yeah this guy's
the professional sports gambler out in
Vegas and he Gamble's big and he plays a
very unique meta to jeopardy you shook
him out actually check out I I read a
little bit about I'm like apparently
like he bets like really [ __ ] big
like for the daily doubles and [ __ ] like
yeah
yeah he plays backwards he uh rather
than do categories from the lowest
number you know the top screen to the
bottom you know from starting backwards
he'll make everyone he'll play aggro and
force all the everyone do they have to
do the big categories first and so that
like you know you can't warm up to the
contextualised hence of the Easter
questions yeah it's like going fast and
usually people don't know the answer
including him or whatever or he knows
the answer off top and just [ __ ] wins
and it's to a point where like he's
competing himself like he's like it's
still point where like by the by the
Final Jeopardy question he is like over
double any second places total and just
purely he has to like do a really
careless gamble and lose in order to
actually lose the game but it comes out
you know absolutely winning I'm super
hardcore so yeah he's a he's where he's
actually ridiculous dude this guy is a
beast to watch and I cannot wait to
watch episodes of him live I'm having a
really hard time finding like retro
stuff though it's kind of sucks I can't
find any ol episodes to watch it from
like full stuff okay it's common oi so
alright well what are you about to cover
you said you're doing something soon
yeah yeah so yeah listen and I'm in 30
minutes it's gonna be the Nintendo
Direct where we're gonna get a 15 minute
info dump of of news and footage from
Mario maker 2 which is coming up for
switch on June 28th I'm a huge Mario fan
huge Mario maker fan was a very popular
merrymakers streamer so this is my I
have a reptile dysfunction and this game
is going to cure that tenfold for me at
this point so I'm looking forward to
this [ __ ] ton come through to my stream
here because we're gonna watch it live
and not only that I'm gonna make a Mario
maker 2 sequel wish list bingo board
which will be marking off four things
I'm hoping they're gonna announce for
the sequel here and ymo mark office
happens or in the direct so come through
and do that and then we'll do that live
and then we're gonna do the Mario maker
will do look a little more maker after
party afterward to just like you know
talk about how exciting for the game you
should because it's looking really
really awesome so yeah you know in [ __ ]
it yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna throw in
some sub giveaways to your [ __ ] whole
thing dude [ __ ] it so yeah come through
some Beall it's gonna be lit it's kind
of lousy other yeah alright awesome well
thanks for joining me I think we'll be
back next week if we are I'm gonna be in
Canada it's just gonna come down to when
the poker tournament itself is with the
timing is so at a diff
time or will be here the week after but
yeah otherwise I'm trying to be doing an
ice cream after all this map to this Shh
any final words or thoughts for us nah
man yeah yeah I'll keep y'all smaller
boners and check fam spoil the gate
[ __ ] that's it all right cool
all right thanks for joining me I'll see
you guys next week peace out birds
[Music]
