it's not possible to step outside of
your own consciousness unless you do a
ton of mushrooms boys a [ __ ] ton of
mushrooms oh you oh [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
oh that's so gross
wait is that actually it wait was I
seeing it but like I kept like it's like
oh yeah Mufasa huh and that's why Isis
detaining immigrants-- at record levels
like I don't know why it was like
totally I just kept waiting for it dude
this is some there were so many good ass
[ __ ] memes that came out of all these
hearings I does Sydney hey what's up
finally home welcome back home welcome
to you too my dude everybody's welcome
here except Connie so that's right [ __ ]
commies in Chiapas [ __ ] house posters
all right just one our house and said
Lee do you believe in all those
arguments you debate or do you just pick
the side to be the moral sphere and win
debate new viewer umm I pretty much
believe in everything I do bait the only
the only thing unless I'm like
explicitly playing devil's out in
doubles advocate which I kind of did in
the last abortion debate although it
kind of proved a point but why did you
change your view from conception
question oh yes I like in this I was
playing doubles advocate but kind of to
prove a point
one of the reasons why I don't like
enforcing my view of abortion morality
on other people is that I think you can
argue almost anything and I think it can
be more or less as correct as no one
else so it sounds kind of hard to
legislate out to other people
how would you argue against that moral
claim that you made in that debate so
the moral claim that I that I kind of
like hung my coat on
hung my hat on for that debate was that
in order to yield moral consideration is
something it has to have an experience
like ours that's a common one that I
hear although to be honest actually I
think I argued it so well against that
woman I actually might believe that now
I'm not sure I have to think about it
more but the idea was basically that
like if you're if you're born if you
don't have an experience yet like
killing you is kind of meaningless like
it's nothing is necessarily being killed
like it doesn't matter there's no
experience there that's being ended I
think my standard arguments in the past
are that having an experience doesn't
necessarily make you human having an
experience isn't something good but I
don't actually know if I believe that
now now I have to think about it more
because um I think a kind of having an
experience kind of does make you him in
right because if we if you were a human
if we were to play like ship of theseus
ship of theseus or thesis i remember if
we were to play the ship game with a
human we were to start swapping out part
for part and we were to say like at what
point do you lose your humanity it
probably has something to do with your
brain right something to do with your
conscious experience that like once that
is gone you probably don't really care
so much anymore
about um about that person right so like
somebody in a coma somebody that's brain
dead some of that's irreversible brain
damage not like they're like mentally
slow but like they're like I would like
they can't you know yes I don't know
wasn't your idea that you wouldn't want
to get killed if you're in that state
knowing that there'd be a conscious
experience later on maybe yeah but I
don't know all of it gets like really
weird consciousness and conscious
experiences are really hard it's all
like really weird oh and these are only
human conscious experiences - this is
when they do [ __ ] animals [ __ ] that
[ __ ]
yesterday we're talking about facts you
brought up they might not necessary be
true are you aware of the 97% of climate
scientists number is pretty shaky and
doesn't matter
oh no that might be something that's
like that's a Wikipedia verified number
though isn't it scientific consensus on
climate change didn't even like the
didn't even like the the Institute of
like petroleum Sciences didn't even
those people like move it so that their
nasa uses those numbers yeah but even
when government people use numbers
sometimes here's another here's a number
that i used several times that I think
is just totally not true I don't think
it I don't think was true at all did you
ever hear the number it was like all 15
of our intelligence agencies came
together and agreed on something [ __ ]
what was it was related to the Russian
stuff Oh might've been like that they'd
actually meddled in our in our election
it wasn't actually 15 different it
wasn't actually all of our intelligence
agency there's only four of them because
they were only for that like actually
looked into it the statement that it was
like all of them doesn't like did that
you couldn't verify that anyway I
remember looking that up I was trying to
find that one day I was like wait it was
like the [ __ ] I don't even remember
it's not like two years or ever seems
like with us but it was like the main
something Central Intelligence and then
it was like two or three others that
like back to that and that was it was
like three or four it wasn't um yeah it
wasn't like all 15 intelligence agencies
or whatever an 18 week old fetus has a
well enough brain to have a conscious
where do you get six months from I
thought it was at six months so you
develop the necessary parts of the brain
for consciousness when does fetus form
consciousness what was that where does
where do women starve in the cortex the
epicenter of human consciousness starts
to form by six months gestation destiny
click when does a fetus have brain
activity why do we care about I'm not
this isn't even a person at coma I think
has brain activity right like you're at
like the lower like you're somebody tell
if I'm wrong in order for you to like
survive like to exist doesn't your
brainstem like the very back part of
your brain doesn't that have to be
working like you can I don't even know
if you can stay alive on life support if
that part isn't working I could be wrong
on that but before you do many arguments
based on consciousness you should look
into it scientists have no idea such
can't agree on what it even is or how
would even began understand it yeah it's
a big problem it's a real it's really
really really [ __ ] weird it's weird
from a scientific standpoint it's weird
from a philosophical standpoint I don't
even know questions relating to
consciousness and it would have to draw
pretty heavily on both to on both like a
philosophical thing and a and a
scientific thing because I think
addressing problems of consciousness I
think strikes at one of the fundamental
assumptions of science which is I think
one of the fundamental assumptions of
science is that we can make observations
about the world there's like three like
fundamental assumptions like we can make
observations about the world we can make
predictions about things and we can like
and everything is like derived from
material causes it's like it's something
that's three like fundamental sources of
science but you can't actually observe
consciousness you can't observe it in
any other person ever it's not it's it's
it's outside of the purview of what
you're capable doing is a human so it's
like it's like really really really
weird everything about it is like so
[ __ ] bizarre oh you know
is it fair to say you come around I
appreciate socionics know the heart
primal conscious is about now in the
past I didn't seem like you really take
it seriously oh yeah I've always taken
it seriously it's just not I just don't
know how worth it is the thing about it
here is like a quick example so people
don't really consider people don't
really consider how difficult it is to
tackle this so here's a good example at
I've gone through before
right it is actually impossible for you
to tell anybody else what anything you
experience is like you actually can't
describe any of your senses the only way
that you can do it is to assume that
they have the same experience that you
do it's the only way right so for
instance if somebody were to ask you
like what does what does like what is uh
what does hot feel like what does heat
feeling you actually you can't actually
describe that you say well I mean I mean
like haven't you felt it before right or
what does the color red look like well I
mean it's you know this is the
wavelength right you you there is no way
you there's no way that you can actually
describe any I think it's I think that
um you referred as qualia right you
can't actually describe any of your any
of your senses to any other person and
then like a manís type further man
obviously you can't you actually you
can't actually know the conscious
experience of another person either ever
it's not possible to step outside of
your own consciousness right unless you
do a ton of mushrooms boys a [ __ ] ton of
mushrooms then you can go to amazing
places there are theories that people
don't see colors the same way or some
people don't but they just grew up
knowing that red is red but it could
just be blue yellow maybe yeah I mean I
would imagine we probably see colors the
same I would imagine most of our senses
are the same because we share like
somewhere biological foundation but it
could be possible that like some
deviation makes it way different from
one to the next so it's hard to say it's
impossible to see red as a different
color I don't know if it's true though
that's the problem is I don't know if we
can speak about what it's like to see
red like hard we can speak we can say
that there are our cones cone C's color
and rods are for for night vision right
colorblindness proves that we're able to
see colors differently sure but you
don't know how you don't know how
somebody else sees the color blue or you
don't know how somebody else sees the
color red right I don't think it's
possible for you to know that
or it doesn't seem to be possible for us
to know that we can't step outside of we
can't step outside of our conscious
experience and evaluate the conscious
experience of another person because
another thing that you guys don't
realize too is that like well here's
like one of the best explanations i've
heard of this your brain is kind of like
your desktop your brain is is like this
there's no reason necessarily to think
that what you're seeing is indicative of
like some sort of like some sort of like
underlying reality or is displaying
things in a very accurate manner one
evolution doesn't necessarily guide us
that way right it's not like we're
evolved to see things that are the
realest things we just evolve to
reproduce and whatnot right and then
like and then the analogy is that like
well in your desktop like if we were to
actually look at the underlying like
programming of a desktop right of
everything related to your operating
system I should say my desktop or
operating system it's it doesn't look
like this right like a programmer
doesn't go in and like draw a picture
and it's like oh what is what the UI is
gonna look like right it's a bunch of
it's not it's not even programming
language right because that gets broken
down into machine language and it's not
even machine language and then that gets
broken down into binary right so it's
actually you know like you see like a
highly interpreted form of the
underlying architecture of like whatever
system you're using and that's even true
to some extent of of things like your
vision so many of your senses help so
many other senses in ways that you don't
realize so friends is like you think
that like oh well when I see well let's
see when I open my eyes and I look while
I'm basically getting an entire image
and then all the colors are being broken
down into three blahblah firstly
everything you see is actually upside
down because of the way that light
enters your eye right light that comes
in from the top is actually just on the
bottom so your brain actually flips the
image one interesting experiment you can
do is if you give somebody a pair of
goggles that makes things upside down
like that I think you can actually
adjust to it pretty quickly you you can
actually like get used to it
pretty fast and see normally like like
you can adjust to it pretty well that's
like one example another example these
are just like random like fun facts of
like your sensors right you actually
can't you actually can't walk in a
straight line naturally it's not
something that you have like
it's not saying that you're like
naturally attuned to doing is walking in
a straight line if you put if you put
glasses on to blindfold you and you put
earmuffs on so you can't use audio cues
so no audio visual cues you'll walk in
circles even though you feel like you're
walking straight I think that
Mythbusters I think even didn't episode
on this [ __ ] night it's just real
quickly I just wanna see the end where
they show the path where he feels like
he's [ __ ] it's this isn't gonna read
well it feels like he's walking straight
or he feels like he's he's trying to
make he's making like an effort to walk
straight but when you actually look at
the map of where he's walking it's not
even cool it's not even remotely close
[ __ ] I think they show like a map and in
the episode but oh you see a continuous
visual field even if we open one eye and
we look you see like everything looks
like a continuous visual field but
that's not true there's a part on the
outside of your eye where like I think
like the nerves have to come in or
whatever you actually have a blind spot
right I think if you hold up I don't
know if it's like your thumb or you can
get like a spoon or whatever and you can
go to like a certain part of your visual
field there's actually blind spots in
your it's blind spots and you're in your
visual field and you're not even you're
not even perceptive of it
the resolution outside of like the
center part of your vision is actually
way lower than you think it is you fill
in information all the time when it
comes to evaluate a visual there's like
what I'm trying to say is it like
there's so much interpretation that goes
on that even if we have two similar eyes
which I assume we do all of the
structure of our eyes are the same you
don't know if a brain is necessarily
pressed like there's so much the your
conscious experience is a very very very
difficult thing to talk about it's a
very interesting thing oh your vision is
also used for oh cool I'll somebody
found on you in the brevity and yeah so
this is where they basically like they
make you blind and they make you blind
and deaf yeah and
oh yeah here's the map and then see if
you can walk in a straight line and he
feels like he really feels like he's
walking in a straight line I guess he's
not doing a horrible job but actually
that's never it was actually really good
this was his second walk where's the was
the first one oh there they're showing
their different walks whatever but some
of these are like amazingly like not
even remotely close probably depends on
the train
terrain sorry yeah to some extent
probably well sure did I did I say your
balance is dictated by in part by what
you see if you've ever been on one of
those rides in a theme park where you
just see an image and then the vehicle
slightly moves but you get the
impression that you're actually moving
much faster yeah okay sorry I'm done oh
oh this is actually super interesting
the capillaries such blood vessels
inside your I mean so if you look at
something long enough the cones I think
in your eye get fatigued and they no
longer see that certain color and
instead you might see like the negative
of that color or something right this is
why if you stare at like a picture of us
like for like 30 seconds and then you
look somewhere else like another like
the negative of that image will appear
something right
you also have you also have a ton of
blood vessels that go through your eye
that you just don't see it because
you've been looking at them so long that
you don't see them anymore but there's a
way to actually see these we'll play
this for a minute anyway
here we're briefly as I wrote drives
like they're your bicycle feels very
lovely
so cool my driver brings us a fortune
make up information there's no clue been
going through it your brains anything
all don't see I can try to this gonna
close your eye and your stairs crossing
pretty like this will your turn the
neurons then process information and the
operations then set up to the brain we
got nerve
also back there is not your best little
capillaries but else they're Feeny cells
keep in line so if your design consists
of e products play come into
misdirection sit on my front list up and
being away and isn't gonna bring
in the Bourbon I this is actually the
back an incoming light actually comes
from this direction due to this there's
two problems that arise first of all the
information at this end which is in
process by the laser neurons has to get
to the brain but since it's the back of
the eye the brain is actually back here
so in order to get to the brain this
information has to go through
essentially the film and what happens is
there's just a spot on the film where
all of the information goes through and
that's probably optic disk and this is
called the optic nerve and also that is
where all of the blood vessels come
through so basically there's just a hole
where all the wiring comes through
something gets the other side and that
is why you have a blind spot now the
other problem that I mentioned is that
although these layers of neurons here
are essentially transparent the blood
inside the blood vessels here is not and
it actually casts a bunch of little
shadows that interrupt the image into
these shadows on the retina and the fact
that we can't see them that's the
subject of this video but first I was
gonna mention it we don't actually know
why the retina seems backwards the way
it is
there might be some advantage to having
it this way but we know for a fact that
it's not impossible for it to work the
way we would expect it to work
which is with the photosensitive ones up
front and everything else in the back in
fact cephalopods that squids and occupy
have that arrangement in their eyes and
so they don't have a blind spot so going
back to this network of crazy shadows
they should theoretically see everywhere
you look
why don't you see them anywhere the
reason is sensory adaptation and this is
kind of the same process that causes you
to forget you're wearing a wristwatch or
to stop hearing the refrigerator humming
after a while whenever the brain
receives the same information for a long
period of time it basically stops
processing it so since this network of
shadows is pretty much always on the
same exact spot since light is always
coming from the front of your eye your
brain just doesn't see it anymore you
literally don't have signals about those
shadows going to your brain and
therefore they're invisible to you but
that being said you would then expect it
if you look at anything that's not
moving for long enough you would just
stop seeing all together so why doesn't
that happen the reason for that is that
your eye is never truly still so even
when you're staring at something like
this pen for a really long time there's
hearts you can your eye is still making
tiny tiny little jerking motions in
different directions and that kind of
refreshes the image on the back of your
eye it moves it around a little bit to
the different parts see different things
and your brain sees this as changing
information so you don't lose all of it
but if you ever started something for
really long time you might have noticed
that you tend to kind of get tunnel
vision you start closing out what you
see on the periphery of division the
reason this is one of the reasons by the
way why it's so dangerous for cops to do
high-speed pursuits of other people is
because if you stare at a car that is
moving in the back or that the
background is moving you're fixated on
the car driving after it for a long
period of time you can totally tunnel
and zone out on everything else going on
the side of your peripheral vision
in a lot of states I think it's actually
the police officers have like standing
orders to not pursue vehicles past like
certain speed limits because it's so
dangerous for some of these high speeds
chases a long time you might have
noticed that you tend to kind of get
tunnel vision
you start fuzzing out what you see on
the periphery of your vision the reason
that happens is due to the way your eyes
sample space you get to get this drawing
is the back of your eye seen through
your pupil so the drawing I drew earlier
would be from the side and this is from
the front so this kind of represents the
density of how your eyes sample space
towards the center where you focus your
eye has very dense sampling so it's very
sensitive to changes here and towards
the outside it gets more and more sparse
so you have a larger and larger areas of
visual space that are represented by
less information essentially you can
kind of think of them as pixels and so
the resolution of your I essentially
lowers as you get away from the center
right and you'll notice this if you ever
try to read sound even if you're an
intruder on the corner and read it
becomes completely impossible to read it
because your resolution is just too low
you can't make out what it says anymore
and because of this also the tiny little
motions that your eye makes aren't quite
enough to refresh these guys out here
so although the contents of each of
these guys changes with each little jump
so they're refreshed out here the really
large areas that are all sampled by one
pixel essentially they don't really
change that much so they might still be
seeing the same thing and eventually
your brain starts to kind of tune them
out and that's why you get this tunnel
vision effect where you can still see
pretty well in the center but you kind
of get this graying effect so let me
draw in the shadows that you expect to
see the other optic disc here and coming
from here is a bunch of vasculature
little capillaries going around and they
tend to avoid the center of your eye so
that they don't ruin your spot where
your vision is the best so they kind of
go around like this you have these
little tiny fractured lines so
theoretically if these shadows were to
move you would be able to see them
because they would break out of
habituation and your reign with things
you know that's a new information and
you'd suddenly be able to perceive all
these crazy lines all over your vision
and the way you would have to do that is
to get the direction of the light coming
into your eye to change rapidly so that
it moves the shadows shift a little bit
back and forth and you're essentially
replicating this little tiny movement
sarai makes all the time in order to
keep seeing anything at all and this is
actually possible and it's the reason I
made this video it's a really impressive
affection I'd love for you all to try it
you're going to need an index card or
your finger if you do it just right
we're going to do is poke a tiny hole
index card just a pin or the head of a
pen anything where use your finger and
make a tiny hole like this right and
you're going to hold it up in front of
one of your eyes close the other eye and
look at a bright surface you can look at
a computer monitor or something that's
just blank some white paper should do
just fine you can hold it up to your eye
remember to close your other right
and look through it and shake it back
and forth about that fast you're going
to want to shake it so that the whole
moves less than the diameter of the hole
itself so I don't want to be going like
that I'm gonna just move it so that you
have some spot that you can always see
but the hole itself is generally moving
so you're essentially doing is making a
source of point light that's moving back
and forth in front of your eye and it
should change where the shadows land on
the back of your retina and if you do it
just right and you're looking at
something nice and bright and blank you
should see this little network of lines
so the kind of light grey like spider
webby texture across everything and
remember that since you're moving it
this way the light is going to move like
that and you're only going to see things
that are aligned in this direction
because if you have a shadow this way
and you're moving the light back and
forth this way the shuttle move up and
down but it'll still make the same
shadow locally so your eye won't notice
what if there's like some people in chat
now that are stick seeing friendly I
actually I've never done this before it
does it actually work i watch the video
on it okay wait hold on so you have to
do wait do you take do you um do you
take it off afterwards and then you look
and then you see it or what it works
okay hold on so a tiny little thing and
then you go up and down like that wait
you see it in the hole
oh no hold on okay I don't know if I did
it right stop get out of here bug you
see a pattern through the hole while
you're doing it okay let's try it okay
you
oh you oh [ __ ] what the [ __ ] oh that's
so gross wait is that actually it wait
was I seeing it I need some I need
better technology
holy [ __ ] Oh
okay well there you go
so anyway what was the point of all this
Oh your senses are really weird there's
a lot of weird cool [ __ ] going on okay
do you know what a migraine or is it
something some people that have
migraines get a box part of your vision
as completely possible explain to other
people I don't I didn't know this until
later in life but um I got really bad
migraines as a kid when I was like a
high schooler I thought that everybody
just got bad headaches but I remember
that like the headaches I would get
would be so bad it basically it felt
like somebody was like stabbing a knife
like right into the back of your eye and
then like trying to like scoop out the
bone and the only way that I could get
like any relief from this cuz IV profe
in an Advil didn't do [ __ ] off for me
was I would just bang my head against a
wall know if anybody liked but if you
would like or if you would like just
like hit your head like this it would
actually like do so much to relieve the
pain I don't know if I felt like
pressure or what but oh my god it would
help so much like holy [ __ ] that was so
bad I squeezed my head I've had a bad
headache yeah I don't know holy [ __ ]
when you got those if you notice your
vision would blur um I don't think so
but you could throw up to release
endorphins I hated throwing up I did
everything I could to avoid that I was
the master not vomiting person really
good at not throwing up it's like my
special talent
can you rumble your ears I didn't know
it was weird until a couple weeks ago oh
I can actually I didn't know this until
one of the PKA podcast and was it Kyle
or somebody was talking about like yeah
he said he said it was called closing
your ears I thought I didn't I don't
know what the [ __ ] this is but I just
don't like everybody like if you just
like I don't know why I'm stopping to do
it because you can't see but like you
can like do something you feels like
you're like closing something in the
back here because you can't hear as well
and then like you hear and then you just
hear like some rumbling I don't know
what the [ __ ] it is I just assumed it's
like blood flowing through your like
capillaries or some [ __ ] ear rumblers
assemble wait oh I shouldn't be clicking
random links that was really
irresponsible okay
if you close your mouth and breathe
really hard you can make air come out of
your ears I'm almost positive is
impossible right your sinuses aren't
connected that way are they your I don't
think like your ear isn't like are they
I pretty sure if you were to manage to
do it you're like blow your [ __ ]
eardrum out of your [ __ ] ear but me
but I could be wrong I don't know yeah
everybody do it right now and report
back to me tell me if you getting
injured or not let's talk real quick
about the Lion King
um I guess spoiler alert I mean we all
know this and this new version scar
wounds
let's see somebody can guess this okay I
haven't read any reviews anything yet I
wish I wouldn't have listened to try
explaining is I don't know if it poison
my mind for this there is one word the
perfect word to describe this movie can
who can get it first in chat this is the
perfect word to describe this movie [ __ ]
you got it real quick soulless oh my god
- two huge problems okay firstly oh I
typed it in chat already [ __ ] spot the
difference oh my [ __ ] god look at the
colors this is clearly like a Disney
movie like the whole movie of The Lion
King is like very colorful I felt like I
was watching the Man of Steel in this
movie dude the screen was so washed out
holy [ __ ] it was like buried I don't to
say like depressing but like man it felt
like there's like a gray filter even on
these like huge shots it's supposed to
show like the greenery of the land
this looks depressing is [ __ ] like is
there like a shot of like Pride Rock
Lion King or some [ __ ] where they're
looking over the hole even on these like
even on these like night shots it's like
so much more colorful
wait is the Monkees neighbor Rafiki I
don't think they ever say his name in
the movie okay yeah I don't do they ever
say his name in the movie at all I'm
pretty sure they do when I don't think
they do I'm not not in the old one in
the new one in the new lankey I don't
think they I don't think they I don't
actually think Mufasa ever interacts
with Rafiki at all like a single time I
could be wrong but also the thing that I
complained about before going in the the
animals they it can't you realistic
animals just don't do emotions like
humans do you absolutely need you you
need them to be anthropomorphised like
the the expressions that you get on the
on the faces this like community this
communicates so much more even without
like listening even without listening
like you get like so much more emotion
like look of this guy he's he's [ __ ]
irritated he's kind of fed up with his
[ __ ] I'm like he's kind of like the [ __ ]
are you doing dude who the [ __ ] are you
right like like you you get so much more
then [ __ ] there's not like a lot that I
can achieve like oh man dude there it's
so lacking holy [ __ ] it is so lacking
you there is no emotion in these [ __ ]
faces I'm sorry like I love cats and
[ __ ] and they like they can like close
their eyes at you if they trust you or
like roll under their back and it's cute
but you do not get the full range of
like human emotion in any of these
animals and it's not it doesn't work at
all the number one thing the number one
idea that kept running through my mind
when I was Wendy's movie was man this
movie is a horrible [ __ ] idea who
thought I felt like I'm watching like a
two-hour tech demo like on the [ __ ]
on the like the Sony stage or some [ __ ]
like it's insane I can't believe that
somebody thought this is a good idea
I say that from like a moving drummer
perspective now it was a good idea
because it's gonna make a [ __ ] ton of
money that's all Disney movies too no
matter how many they pump out apparently
but the music was well done though
that's one thing I can't complain on I
think the music for the most part was
okay my big complaint my big complaint
was the what's the ask our song is it
respectable a [ __ ] what's the name of
the is it be prepared they um they
deleted the song from the movie I don't
understand I'm gonna tell you that they
deleted this song from the movie and
some of you are gonna go and watch it
and you're gonna be like and then you're
gonna like oh thank god he's sorted sing
a destiny was just exactly wait what
that's what you're gonna be like because
technically they have the song in the
movie but not really it's like a minute
long and they don't actually do it it's
like it's really weird it's very very
very strange I don't know why they
decided to edit out I don't know why
they decided to edit it out also also oh
my god
a lot of the voice acting in this movie
was I don't know if it's just because
there were so many a-list celebrities
that I recognized them a lot of the
voice acting was really really bad
really bad oh my god every voice actor
for Simba was horrible Nala was horrible
Timon and Pumbaa were really well done
the acting on Timon Pumbaa Mufasa
obviously I think that was like the
original guy I should know his [ __ ]
name or whatever the [ __ ] his name is
and I thought that scars was for the
most part decent a little bit
inconsistent but Joe James Earl Jones
yeah
Timon and Pumbaa far in a way we're so
much better at the voice acting well ye
then any other [ __ ] voice acted thing
in here
was the guy so now here's somewhere I
don't know if I'm being fair or not John
Oliver I don't know if I've just watched
too much of his stuff to like his voice
in the movie but I just every time every
time he would start talking I was just
waiting for him to do like some little
one-liner quit making fun of like
Republicans or something I'm like I
don't know why it was just like it took
me out like so hard every time I heard
it Donald Glover did not voice act as
well I don't know if that what the
popular opinion yeah I know I know it's
John Oliver's voice but like I kept like
expecting he's like oh yeah Mufasa huh
and that's why Isis detaining
immigrants-- at record low like I can't
I don't know why it was like totally I
just kept waiting for it I don't know
what the popular consensus is on one
donald glover right not [ __ ] this up
family yeah okay um on donald glover his
voiceover for it Simba but I didn't
think it was good I didn't like it I
actually didn't like it at all
same thing with all the knowledge I
didn't like the young Simba ones that
much either
but I thought the scar scars voice was
okay generally I thought the long live
the king line didn't work as well but um
so I don't know if this would have
worked unfortunately like the fan edits
the thing is this movie dude I don't
know what [ __ ] if they were harnessing
the Bitcoin network to do this movie
it looked stunning holy [ __ ] it was it
looked phenomenal
it just it looked amazing very very
realistic I don't know if in a movie
that realistic if you could have had in
like these human-like faces I don't know
if that would have worked that might
have been like insanely [ __ ] jarring
maybe the scar one too dark in the main
would have been better but if you think
that's weird
wasn't there also what was the story
that people say that Harry Potter was
ripped from what about Eric Andre as is
easy was that one of the hyenas
I didn't like any of the wait was um
what was the um Oh God is it cane peel
what's the name of the K guy did he
voice one of the hyenas is his name
Keegan wait why don't I search for this
it's key & peele that came peel say yeah
anyway I didn't like the movie at all
wow I thought it was I thought the the
it seems totally unnecessary I don't
know why the [ __ ] you would make that
movie I can't believe it actually got
made it was insane but yeah [ __ ] that
not good boys yeah I think didn't seem
to like it much either but he looks like
some crazy people have remade the
entirety of middle-earth in Minecraft
good theater means imagine not including
valinor though people are [ __ ] plebs
haven't even read The Silmarillion can
you review my rap what's your favourite
Disney song um that's a hard one to
answer should I do I tell you like the
best Disney song or is my personal
favorite because there's only one right
answer there okay yes it's the mulan
song i mean are just easy cash scrubs
dude did I do Disney is shameless Disney
is shameless with their cash how many
Disney movies are like out in like
[ __ ] one or two years
Dumbo got remade Aladdin got remade the
Lion King remake a Mulan remake coming
up is the Maleficent does that count as
a remake [ __ ] I know there's one more -
are they are they oh the Little Mermaid
remake is coming up oh the Beauty and
the Beast remake dude these are like
what how long ago was be the Beast a
Jungle Book
these are all on the timespan of like
what like 1 or 2 years I don't know how
long ago beating the beast was oh yeah
they're doing a lady in the [ __ ] remake
dude they're like [ __ ] they're
shooting these out at record speed and
they're all making so much money that's
like the scary part oh my god
all these movies are grossing so like
you can say like people don't want to
see this remake [ __ ] but dude they do
they love in it
Aladdin I think is almost passing a
billion dollars or some [ __ ] now 990
million deaths insane what are we gonna
when are we gonna get a live-action Toy
Story that's the real Heat
okay what's after the Lion King listen
boys we're talking about the molar
hearing okay
whoof quick post ferret well no stop
yeah boy molar walk back oh wait hold on
I believe a reasonable person looking at
these facts could conclude that all
three elements of the crime of
assumption doses have been met and I'd
like to ask you the reason again that
you did not indict Donald Trump is
because of OLC opinion stating that you
cannot indict a sitting president
correct that is correct
oh [ __ ] that's a [ __ ] big no he yeah
he misspoke here and he walked it back
listen guys the mauler hearing this wake
the [ __ ] up okay listen okay this is the
Omni Liberal Club
or maybe the neoliberal Club those guys
can show okay let's get woke okay if you
are paying attention this hearing was
the writing on the wall okay this this
Moeller [ __ ] is the writing on the wall
okay
this hearing did not go well for the
Democrats this hearing was not the slam
dunk that Democrats thought it was going
to be I don't know if the or unless I
missed something I like I uh I tuned in
hi I tuned in a few times and it was not
good and most of the here and not most
of the opinion pieces I read afterwards
as well
fast track stick and go yeah stick you
babe
this was not the slam dunk like Trump
assassination I say that metaphorically
that like people were looking for
I think Pelosi was absolutely correct
that you got it this [ __ ] has to stop
you got to drop this [ __ ] you got to
drop this [ __ ] and move on the focus
needs to be on the 2020 election cycle
down on this impeachment [ __ ] what
the [ __ ] is this when he argued that it
was the same as every hearing the
Democrats asking generic by the books
questions and the Republicans are
looking for lunatics and hacks it wasn't
anything new Republicans still looked
worse in their mic residue no I disagree
Democrats were dude Democrats were
playing this [ __ ] up
like this was gonna be like the bullet
like and they keep doing this with
everything right I was all on board with
everything related to the Russian stuff
up until the the findings were released
but then once the findings were released
and we didn't have like the smoking
bullet like absolute kill shot for the
Trump presidency there I need to stop
using these terms like once we once we
saw that it wasn't like exactly as we
wanted it to be or whatever in terms of
like getting rid of Trump it's time to
drop it and move on and I think that
this like hanging on to everything
afterwards I don't think is good once
your opinion are people saying
impeachment is more important because
letting Trump be president even with all
of this allows them to be above the law
I mean these are people that have no
political effectiveness I mean I can
understand like the moral frogging if
you like all got impeach because it's
the right thing to do
I don't really give a [ __ ] about that I
think it's I think the important thing
is winning the elections [ __ ] it [ __ ]
all the other [ __ ] winning the elections
is 100% what the focus should be on yeah
if you want to impeach him after you win
the house and the Senate then knock
yourself out oh no like Tim Poole um he
seems like a conservative hack that
pretends to be liberal and he just like
[ __ ] plays what about as I'm old I
don't know I really don't like tempo I
think it's a dumb [ __ ] okay Seth
Abramson okay I so I've read is this
kind of lawyer Oh attorney I Fred [ __ ]
by him in the past Oh seems like his
opinion is generally okay well let's see
what he has to say for this far and away
the worst take on molars testimonies
that we learned nothing new from it in
fact the new facts we learned would draw
draw draw dropping this thread focuses
only on 10 new things we now know I'll
be retweet this for anyone you think
might be interested one a vast Russia or
a vast Trump Russia counter telogen
sprout was ongoing it exponentially
brought of them all is proba covers
collusion affair
kind of tells you sphere and its
findings are being kept from America and
Congress well yeah I thought we already
knew this I thought we already knew that
they were ongoing parallel
investigations happening right now did
we not know that the point of the news
and most people didn't read the report
oh okay sure federal law enforcement
can't confirm Trump isn't compromised by
Russia because compromise is a
counterintelligence issue and compromise
publishes a national secret threats
Winona senior yeah we don't know if
Trump is a threat okay
Moeller didn't risking anything Trump
was accused of besides obstruction the
non obstruction allegations against
Trump were aiding such a bidding bribery
money laundering and illegal
pre-election receipt up in condemnation
when Russians well get none of that I
substantial evidence from aid in a bit
of computer crimes essentially I went to
trump committed a federal felony of
making false statements to law
enforcement tremedous becomes a no
collusion uh yeah this is true I don't I
don't know I don't like it I think it's
a losing strategy I think Dems are gonna
look like real [ __ ] state but if they
keep trying to run home with this [ __ ]
this ain't it chief
tell me there's a super tinfoil hat but
do you think it's possible that Moeller
purposely spoke the way did because is
where the debate writers and beneficial
to Dems so he's doing the best thing to
help them move forward pragmatically
this idea that molar is like this 72
dimensional chess playing dude I don't
think so I think he's a boomer I think
it is opposed for the investigation and
that's it right what do you think Dems
should do instead why swing this
impeachment thing mutually exclusive
with winning the election because there
are issues that the Dems could make
front and center that most Americans can
agree on
so things related to like health care
and the economy are gonna pull way more
popularly and have way less risk of
turning away voters then trying to chase
down this impeachment [ __ ] the
candidates are focusing on the issue on
the issues though yeah but like this is
like getting a lot of like front-page
time hold on I was reading an article my
phone earlier will read this I don't
know what these [ __ ] amp links are
why they show up to my link stop flying
in here
plus he rebuffed some Kneedler on
impeachment after the Moller flop the
two senior Democrats discuss the
brighter side
steps and a closed-door caucus meeting
after the special counsels testimony
House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler
Nadler pushed to launch impeachment
impeachment proceedings against
President Donald Trump during a
closed-door meeting Wednesday only to be
rebuffed by Speaker Nancy Pelosi
according to four sources 20 were the
discussions and a caucus meeting that
came up with a hotly anticipated
testimony a former counsel former
Special Counsel Robert Moeller Nedley
suggested that several House committee
Chiefs began drafting articles of
impeachment against Trump Plaza called
the idea image premature the sources
said apparently there's like 80 some
Democrats I think that are okay or wait
she asked for months Pelosi argue that
her colleagues - or colleagues at the
slow methodical approach and played by
House Democrats is the right way to move
forward despite the fact that more than
94 members have now called for an
impeachment inquiry to begin oh this has
to do with the walking back of that
quote that he said I want to go back to
one thing that was said on this morning
by mr. Lew who said and I quote you
didn't charge the president because of
the obvious of legal counsel opinion
Moeller said that's not the correct way
to say it as we say in the report and as
I said at the opening we didn't reach a
determination as to whether the
president committed a crime by midday
Democrats found themselves having to
defend Moeller a development they didn't
expect heading into the day he got off
to a slow start but anytime 20 million
people are watching you on TV and you're
in front of a congressional committee
you're gonna be a little nervous said
representative GK Butterfield who
supports an impeachment inquiry he
doesn't have his finger on every
syllable of the report so to think you
would know everything is very
unreasonable representative Elijah
Cummings said it's hard it's hard I'm
not trying to like [ __ ] a mole or
anything but molar was not I don't it
was not the fire that people thought it
would be and it's really disappointing
to because like because a lot of this
testimony was fires [ __ ] oh god what are
my - there were like two favorite
moments that I had was it Jim Jordan I
think it was mr. chairman point of order
we can go to mr. Jordans press Cobb and
the gentleman's out of order the
gentleman from Ohio is recognized rise
let make this one but then make this one
point in sir where we've clients hiding
information you can answer why did you
hide there were so many good hearings
always said that Trump was an exonerated
oh we've always known that but that
doesn't matter
like oh there were so many good moments
there was so many good moments of these
hearings over the past couple years
holy [ __ ] this was one of them I think
the fact that Peter struct and judge
Contreras were friends why did you read
act that in the documents you gave to us
Peters I mean judge contrasts kind of
important FISA Court judge more
importantly just as importantly the
judge at that heard Mike Flynn's case
why did you try to hide that promise mr.
Jordan I appreciate you give me the
opportunity to respond I've heard you
make those sort of allegations publicly
on TV he should be opportunity mr.
Jordan I am the deputy turns your on the
United States okay I'm not the person
doing the redacting I'm responsible for
responding to your concerns as I have
I'm a team with me sir it's just a
fraction of the team that's doing this
work and whenever you brought issues to
my attention I have taken appropriate
steps to remedy them so your statement
that I'm personally keeping information
from you trying to conceal information
you're the boss mr. Rosas
that's correct and my job is to make
sure that we respond to your concerns we
have sir now I have appointed mr. louse
who is managing that production my
understanding is it's actually going
very well sir
so I appreciate your concerns yeah and I
think the House of Representatives gonna
say otherwise but your use of this to
attack me prided you son wrong order mr.
chairman the witness be personal Genesis
Rosen Stein is [ __ ] funniest [ __ ] I
love this dude holy [ __ ] all of his
testimony is really funny Ben the
witness is gonna have an opportunity to
say whatever he wants at the end of mr.
Jordans five minutes until the it is not
his time I appreciate your service it's
not personal we just want the
information why did you tell Peter
struck not to enter our questions
yesterday when I asked when I asked
Peter struck if he'd ever communicated
with Glenn Simpson he gave us the answer
he gave us dozens of times on advice of
FBI counsel I can't answer that question
why couldn't you answer that question
sure and I appreciate your sincere
concerns but I didn't computer two
struck any instructions if there was
some problem with the instructions he
had I'll be happy to little bit not what
is up a lawyer said mr. Jordan when you
find some problem with a production and
with questions it doesn't mean that I'm
personally trying to conceal something
from you
means we're running an organization
that's trying to follow the rules and
we're gonna receive what was interesting
when I asked him if he'd ever talked to
Bruce or he said he had said he had
three times in 2016 or 2017 then I asked
him have you ever talked to Nelly or and
he said no I have it I said well why can
you answer that question because Nelly
or worked for Glenn Simpson worked for
fusion he could answer that question but
he couldn't answer because FBI counsel
told him he couldn't he couldn't answer
the question whether it ever
communicated with Glenn Simpson a
journalist why couldn't answer that
question sure and I appreciate your
saying isn't personal sometimes it feels
that way how do I know sir I mean I
interviewed mr. struck I didn't so I
can't for you doesn't work for us there
are a hundred and fifteen thousand
people who work for me sir
mr. Rosenstein did you threaten staffers
on the House Intelligence Committee
media reports indicate you did media
reports are mistaken sometimes but this
is what they said having the nation's
number-one law enforcement officer
threatened to subpoena your calls and
emails is downright chilling did you
threaten to subpoena their calls and
emails no sir and there's no way to
subpoena phone calls well I mean I'm
just saying I love this guy so much oh
[ __ ] I would suggest that you not rely
on what the press censor well I didn't
ask if there's no way to do it asked if
you said it if I said what what I just
read you I do not well now who are we
supposed to believe staff members who
we've worked with who've never missed
lettuce or you his answers are so
[ __ ] brutal and to the point
I love this answer okay this is the last
thing for this for this hearing oh [ __ ]
is so good what I just read you I did
not well now who are we supposed to
believe staff members who we've worked
with who've never missed lettuce or you
guys who we've caught hiding information
from us who tell the witness not to
answer our questions who are we supposed
to believe thank you for making it clear
it's not personal mr. Jordan I'm saying
the Department of Justice I'm telling
the truth and I'm under oath if you want
to put somebody else under oath and they
have it something different I know these
staff members bond here's here's my last
question what's so important that you
know that you don't want us to know
that you won't give us the documents
we're asking for that the House of
Representatives is about ready to go on
record saying you should give us what's
so darn important that you will threaten
members least according to median ports
and quarterly the staff members from
every inquiry mr. chairman what is so
important mr. Rosen Stein elementary
inquiry mr. chairman this is not an
appropriate time for a parliamentary
inquiry and point of order there's this
and then the oh [ __ ] dude how many of
this like played out director was it
played out like a [ __ ] TV show
running the investigate like some of
these some of these answers we're
literally like TV show worthy this is my
other one these two that exchange and
then this one oh man well suspend the
witness at any time can ask for
additional time to respond to any
members question if but the time has
been and if you were going to give him
that opera
let me finally yeah talking about
stopping him and how terrifying it would
be for him to win and how you can
protect the country and no interviews
have been done before you're talking
about impeachment of the president so
whatever Bob Mulder kicked you off of
the investigation agent struck my
question is if you were kicked off when
he read the text shouldn't you have been
kicked off when you wrote him not at all
well it wasn't the discovery of your
text mr. Strock it was the existence of
your bias that got you kicked off no mr.
Gowdy it wasn't I do not have bias my
personal opinions in no way why'd you
get kicked off mr. gowdy my
understanding why I was kicked off was
that based on understanding of those
texts and the perception that they might
create well you're saying it was the
perception there 13 Democrats on the
Special Counsel probe including one who
went to what he hoped was a victory
party that's a perception problem - they
weren't kicked off you were why were you
kicked off mr. Gowdy I cannot speak to
Special Counsel why he did how long did
you talk to him when he let you go I've
witnessed answer the questions will be
afforded the opportunity my recollection
is was a short meeting somewhere between
15 to 30 minutes probably around 15
minutes and your testimony is Bob Mahler
did not kick you off because of the
content of your text he kicked you all
because of some of appearance that he
was worried about my testimony what you
asked and what I responded to was that
he kicked me off because of my bias
I'm staying tuned it's not my
understanding that he kicked me off
because of any bias that it was done
based on the appearance if you want to
represent what she said accurately I'm
happy to answer that question but I
don't appreciate what was originally
said being changed I don't give a damn
what you appreciate agent struck I don't
appreciate having an FBI agent with an
unprecedented level of animus working on
two major investigations during 2016
the chair recognizes the gentleman from
Maryland mr. Cummings chairman can I
respond to the questions that you
promised him you would have an
opportunity to answer the enjoy
badgering of the witness can he be
allowed now to answer as you promised
mr. chairman gentleman will suspend the
witness at any time can ask for
additional time to respond to any
members question if that the time has
been and you were gonna give him that
opportunity at the a I am giving him
that opportunity mr. chairman may I
respond to yes you may yes you got 'yes
sir I think it's important when you look
at those texts that you understand the
context in which they were made and the
things that were going on across America
in terms of the text that we will stop
it you need to understand that that was
written late at night off-the-cuff and
it was in response to a series of events
that included then-candidate Trump
insulting the immigrant family of a
fallen war hero and my presumption based
on that horrible disgusting behavior
that the American population would not
elect somebody demonstrating that
behavior to be present in the United
States it was in no way unequivocally
any suggestion that me the FBI would
take any action whatsoever to improperly
impact the electoral process for any
candidate so I take great offense and I
take great disagreement to your
assertion of what that was or wasn't as
to the hundred million to one that was
clearly a statement made in jest and
using hyperbole
I of course recognized that millions of
Americans were likely to vote for
candidate Trump I acknowledge that is
absolutely their right that is what
makes our democracy such a vibrant
process that it is but to suggest
somehow that we can parse down the words
of shorthand textual conversations like
there's some contract for a car is
simply not consistent with my or most
people's use of text messaging I can
assure you mr. chairman at no time in
any of these texts did those personal
beliefs ever enter into the realm of any
action I took furthermore this isn't
just me sitting here telling you you
don't have to take my word for
at every step at every investigative
decision there are multiple layers of
people above me
the assistant director executive
assistant director deputy director and
director of the FBI and multiple layers
of people below me section Chiefs
supervisors unit Chiefs case agents and
analysts all of whom were involved in
all of these decisions they would not
tolerate any improper behavior in me any
more than I would tolerate it in them
that is who we are as the FBI in the
suggestion that I and some dark chamber
somewhere in the FBI would somehow cast
aside all of these procedures all of
these safeguards and somehow be able to
do this is astounding to me it simply
couldn't happen and the proposition that
that is going on that it might occur
anywhere in the FBI deeply corrodes what
the FBI is an American Society the
effectiveness of their mission and it is
deeply destructive damn okay I'm sorry
happy one-year a little you scream bro
keep it up Thanks evil mr. muffinz I
love you too buddy do you think that
molar medically the trouble people to be
charged to people impeached such
whenever he leaves office yeah but
that's always been the case I don't
think that we'd only be just learn that
like we've always known that Lily said
she would play Starcraft 2 if you taught
her personally [ __ ] if she wants to
though I'll do it but I don't think she
there is no evidence that I asked him to
withdraw oh dude
dick man I'm not gonna lie I was hoping
because I didn't know like Moeller's
demeanor I didn't know if Muller was
gonna be like some fiery dude like Rosen
Stein or like Strock whatever or if he
was gonna be like an old lazy not lazy
but an old boring boomer he was a Boomer
dude this is some there were so many
good ass [ __ ] memes that came out of
all these hearings there is no evidence
that I asked him to withdraw it I do not
withdraw it he is not a member of
Congress it's not a violation of the
rule and just as you have been
expressing bias through your members
about what a huge was ever characterize
that we Edelman from Rhode Island
gentleman from Rhode Island know the
disgrace mr. this man has done gentleman
from Texas will suspend for a moment is
the disgrace and it won't be recaptured
anytime soon because of the damn
you've done to the Justice assessment
and I've talked to FBI agents around the
country you've embarrassed them you've
embarrassed yourself and I can't help
but wonder when I see you looking there
with a little smirk how many times did
you look so innocent into your wife's
eyes and lied to her about me mr.
chairman the gentleman controls the time
oh my god there's so many [ __ ] good
ass [ __ ] memes that were came out of
these [ __ ] hearings 1 million months
in 20 years when I am 6550 will we still
be talking about Trump I don't know
blameless oh [ __ ]
get back general image state the nature
is parliamentary inquiry mr. Chairman I
was inquiry of the contents of this
legislation would it be appropriate to
offer an amendment at this time
exempting American Samoa adopted
appropriate at this time received the
answer but your regrets that he does not
like the answer but cannot change the
further parliamentary inquiry further
parliamentary inquiry yes the generally
say the inquiry so the terror is saying
that I may not offer an amendment let me
finish my question the gentleman will
suspend
the chair has answered the gentleman's
question not by the chair its own
decision but by the rule the rule does
not provide for amendments that is the
answer to the gentleman's question from
the board of order mr. speaker is the
rule that we're operating under coming
out the rural committee no other job it
says not stating the point
point awarded really and with a question
mark I've never heard one that did
parliamentary inquiry the point is that
the house has adopted procedures which
do not allow amendment therefore members
will now proceed and the chair will
recognize who wishes to yield time now
the coin of order the gentleman will
state the point of order conceivably be
a point of order it could be a question
mr. Chairman I have one additional
parliamentary inquiry you gentlemen
stated is American Samoa exempted from
this that is an amendment about the
substance of a bill amendment questions
about substance of legislation and not
comment your inquiries far Mandarin
queries pertain to the procedures for
plenty is near unseen and rest does not
come to the weary the memes the memes
they cry but the memes do not come for
the means they are not dank do you think
impeachment is the way forward for the
Democrats stalled what like if they want
to have seats in Congress yeah
Oh what the [ __ ] okay but there are 90
legislators in Congress that support it
stalled okay how many of those
legislators come from competitive does
not yeah I actually if I wasn't so lazy
I actually was really curious I wanted
to do that I thought it'd be really
interesting or maybe somebody's done
this supposedly they're about 90 or so
people in the house right now that
support impeachment it would be
interesting to go through those people
and find out the margins that they want
all of their elections by not their
primaries but the actual the actual
district like general's I'd be really
curious
yeah I know there are a lovely couple
from poker from competitive districts
yeah but I mean the best the vast
majority of them asleep were safe yeah
like yeah like Acacio cortez where you
know she whatever she does she's gonna
win by 80 points in the Jeff mm-hmm yeah
the I think I've probably talked about
this before but the big concern about
moderate Democrats is that any run of
impeach at impeachment even I would say
probably even the sorts of discussions
that are going around or going on right
now within the caucus mm-hmm
risk animating the Republican base which
there's no reason for Democrats to do
anything that could risk that because
there's so much more energy within the
Democratic base right now then there is
within the Republican mm-hmm yeah and
it's also really scary I think when a
lot of these people in the house during
the if you call it the blue wave or
whatever but in the last election cycle
they won some of these districts where
these people voted I want to say they're
like double digit point leads for like
voting for Trump
so the impeachment thing seems real
spooky but you're talking about state
results versus the results for a
congressional district statewide versus
yeah like doesn't even the even the
district's like I think there were
Democrats that were winning districts
that had actually voted like majority
for Trump like in pretty significant
margin so that these people were still
voting Democrat afterwards oh and you're
talking between 2016 and the men yeah
yeah yeah 100% there's been a lot of
that stuff um [ __ ] wait what was I just
gonna say all right yeah okay you do
that
oh actually hold on I got to write
something I'll be back in like 15
minutes
oh my god all right be careful listen I
have a question for you about the the
Mueller thing that I didn't get answered
so yeah whatever if someone asked him hi
okay go hike and what if someone asked
him specifically
hey if President Trump Trump walked
right into this hearing right now shot
someone in the face and left and then
you did an investigation when you have
the same results that you have right now
or would they be
I would really like to hear the answer
to that many people would just say Trump
had a good reason for doing it I don't
think people that support am I going
away from oh no I'm not I'm not asking
like is he gonna lose supporters or
something like that I'm saying if
Mueller had to do an investigation where
he witnessed the president shoot someone
in the face with the investigation say
the same thing at the end which is
basically we reach no conclusion if he
was guilty
wait okay okay okay hold on so this okay
so this sounds like really new it sounds
pointless but the Moller investigation
didn't reach no conclusion about whether
or not to prosecute or recommend charges
or indict or whatever they that wasn't
what they were doing at all so they
didn't make a statement one way or
another it's not like they wanted to but
they couldn't or they wanted to but
there wasn't enough information they
just they did it that's just not what
they did
does that make sense yeah okay so I
don't know why they did that
why they decided not to see if they
should recommend charges I why they
didn't see if it was worth it I don't
know why but I just know that that's
like yeah I really don't understand that
somebody else can figure out maybe
stalled in those answer that we can
fighting the fight or Kate maybe you
know Kate why did Molly's investigative
unit decide like whether or not they
should or shouldn't recommend charges I
see it's quite a simple answer yeah yeah
it's quite simple because they were all
too busy playing Minecraft hardcore and
so they did okay edited a video so that
they took clips of me talking about
violence against conservatives and then
like the video of like me holding a gun
