all right so this is a gentleman from
Twitter who wanted to take up the mighty
incest debate position all right so what
so how did this even start I'm not sure
I get like there's a million people that
I'll fight on my mentions now so I lose
track are you guys sometimes what's what
happen well I I noticed one of the
things one of the people I follow had
retweeted still gray and I noticed your
photo you know a screencap of what yet
said I was like huh okay what was I read
come here I'll actually just pull it up
so I can quote it properly cuz I don't
know my memory is not the best I don't
want to misquote you
where are we okay so you say yeah you
can pull up a VOD aware I say I think
incest is good rather than merely taking
sorry talking about it as a concept oh
sure and the second part where it was or
rather do you want me to hop on and talk
about incest I'm a hundred percent sure
you wouldn't be able to mount an
argument again yeah talking to the still
great guy I don't know because I
consider that guy to be one of the
dumbest [ __ ] idiots I've ever seen on
Twitter so yeah I stand by that
statement still yeah that's fine
whether that's him personally would not
be able to do it that that but I saw
that and I was like you know what I I
will take the man on his challenge okay
where and honestly i I don't talk to
still gray I don't know him personally
or just off the cuff from Twitter so I I
don't really give a [ __ ] about him okay
cool well good luck you're stepping up
to the challenge
no one who's been able to do this
successful he had so who so just so I
cuz I don't want to misrepresent you
straw menu or anything I want you to
just you yourself say what your position
is sure so for me personally at this
point I'm pretty ambiguous on it I guess
I don't spend too much time dwelling on
it but for the sake of the argument I
guess the position is that incest should
be seen as a morally neutral thing that
there you cannot assign like a moral
evil or a moral wrong to in the act of
incest itself okay and that's usually
people will come in guns blazing trying
to do that and then you know that's
that's the default position okay well I
might as well open up so I I'm
personally atheists and obviously that
that feel there you can attribute that
well as an atheist I would feel that
morality is ambiguous and it flows
between culture to culture but there is
biologically innately certain things
that are implemented into our social
can construct because yeah there's a
social construct as in what society
tells you is okay but there is you you
know you don't have to be told that
certain things are wrong to an 8 li know
that there is something wrong about it
there's that gut feeling that you get
from it like murder it's a lot there's
not you you could even tell a serial
killer knows murder is wrong cuz they
hide it they know there's something
abstractly wrong about it whether they
follow those social cues is different
between person and person some people
can within their own person morally
object or agree with a position such as
murder so like let's say we're talking
about
I understand what you're kind of taking
it intuitive position right yeah yeah so
this is kind of um I don't mean to be
like the walking [ __ ] encyclopedia
right but this is something that's
called the naturalistic fallacy so the
idea is that because it is somehow
intrinsic to our nature that makes it a
moral imperative the problem with this
line of thinking is that it doesn't
really hold true for almost anything for
instance let's say that you've got a 7
year old and he wants to steal something
from another kid that's something that
you could feel very naturally I really
want this thing I want to take it from
somebody just because he has that
impulse though doesn't mean that we say
well that impulse is morally good
because he has the impulse or say you
see an attractive woman walking down the
street and you're in a relationship you
walk up to her and you start hitting on
her because you really want to you know
have sex with her well just because you
naturally feel that impulse doesn't make
it morally correct and then also yeah
like you can find like a million
examples I just I don't think that the
it's something that you intuitively feel
I don't think that's a good guidance for
like a moral system we tend to not
construct moral systems on people's
personal intuition things like slavery
or racism can be justified that way too
well when I'm around black people I just
feel uncomfortable or like I feel I
don't like people that look different
than me like it just like you could
justify all sorts of stuff that way as
well so I don't think that's a good line
of reasoning to go down well here let me
rephrase it so that there's
Understanding between me and you like I
said I openly said that moralistically
people have different
views on different positions as to just
to point out one of the positions you
held on there was someone being
attracted somebody and hitting on that
person yeah there's nothing morally
wrong and or right about that well but
we would argue in society that there is
something morally wrong about that that
you're betraying the trust of a partner
some people would view that and that's
why I'm saying that what I'm trying to
say here is as an atheist some people
would argue that there is a naturalistic
point of view and so I'm just trying to
break that barrier down so nobody views
me oh well you're an atheist so you have
to believe in this you know oh sure I'm
just saying that I don't think you can
ever consistently derive morals from a
naturalistic point of view because you
just run it way too many yes that that's
true
and so that's why I wanted to get that
out of the way okay so my moralistic
view on life if we're gonna be
philosophical about this is that there
is certain things that people agreed on
whether it was the majority or not and
when you look at some religious views it
was the majority those things were fine
and those values carried on to Western
society so that was Christianity mmm-hmm
Christianity has well I don't practice
it is a great religion for picking and
choosing what it wants to teach over and
Christianity as the way I've looked at
it is the religion for people that want
to have a strong family where they want
a quote unquote father figure quote
unquote
mother and you have the children that
fall under line there so where my mark
argument comes from is the family
structure so not even biologically
because I mean there's but biologically
cases for where incest and there's laws
in place that say
incest is bad just to cover on those but
that won't be the main part of my
argument is in regards to incest most of
the laws there and the way that they're
worded is to protect people that are
otherwise underage or in a structure of
less power than the person that is
predating on them so usually the father
and then the daughter or a older sibling
on a younger sibling let's do these one
at a time you can see we brought up a
lot of things so firstly in the
beginning you talked about how
Christianity has done things a certain
way we've done things a certain way for
a long time right so again like I'm not
trying to machine-gun these out but this
is like an appeal tradition right the
reason why we don't like appeals to
tradition is because you can justify bad
things in the past as being morally okay
in the in the future so for instance at
one point in time slavery used to be
legal at one point in time women weren't
allowed to vote we don't make the
argument today that women shouldn't be
allowed to vote because at one point in
time they weren't allowed to vote or we
should be allowed to hold slaves because
at one point in time we were allowed to
hold slaves these things are not
legitimate appeals to what morality
should be so we kind of have to discard
what happened in the past is guiding
morality for the future we don't we
don't typically run things like that do
you agree with that or do you disagree
that no I don't okay so the second part
you spoke about like family structures
so this is stuff that I don't disagree
with but I don't think it's really
related to the core idea of incest so
there are several examples one you could
have two siblings that are infertile or
one is infertile would they be allowed
to engage in sexual activity within
another under this kite type of system
because they're not going to produce
offspring - you could have siblings that
use contraception so they have no chance
of ever producing offspring three you
could have them engaging in forms of
sexual activity that don't result in
offspring like oral sex or whatever or
anal sex so you don't think about it for
it could be homosexual ancestral
relationships you wouldn't have to worry
about any offspring there the attack
that you're making right now against
like a dysfunctional family is a quasi
valid it's an issue but the problem is
you can mount the same attack against
heterosexual people as well for instance
like should heterosexual people be
allowed to have sex since there are so
many single mothers right that destroys
the family structure as well this isn't
something that is unique to incest well
just because it isn't unique to for
so let's just jump back when talking
about the family structure would you not
agree that the family structure is I
won't even say destroyed but there is a
rift in the family structure if you
would find out that your siblings were
having intercourse would you agree with
that yeah but with that isn't a good
moral this isn't a good moral writing
for instance in a family in the south
would there be a rift created in the
family I say in the south that's kind of
races but whether it be a rift created
in the family if a father found out that
his daughter was dating somebody of a
different religion or somebody that was
a different skin color like yeah this
could create a rift but that doesn't
mean that that action was morally wrong
she's right maybe the father is just
racist or bigoted against people with
other types of religion well again
because more because you're arguing that
because your position requires that
morality is set in stone because it can
be morally wrong it can be morally right
you're asking me to argue whether or not
incest can be morally wrong well what
I'm basically asking is and you say
something that's not good yeah so what
I'm trying to say here is the family
structure not even biologically cuz yes
like because I understand that there is
incestuous things that have been in a
homosexual or maybe the person the
heterosexual group someone's sterile so
that biological argument necessarily
doesn't work there but the family
structure so one of the big things that
was argued against homosexuality was a
period not even incestuous was that it
destroyed the structure the nuclear
family now the problem with that
argument is that you still had two
parents or at least parents one that
could provide and one that was able to
be a caretaker if you tried to put
someone in a position where they have to
do both it it's a jack-of-all-trades
trade-off that you do there where
they're not gonna be able to do one job
great they're gonna be able to do each
one subpar or good at best they're not
going to be as good as people working
together so this is you I don't even
have to argue monogamy on this position
because the position is that the family
that is able to trade off so children
back then where you mostly had children
because you needed people to work on the
farm that was the only way to survive
that's not a big imperative anymore
the more the imperative is is passing on
either your moral traits or just your
genetic traits you know as a whole
depending on how you look have a look on
life so when I argue a structural change
I'm talking about like the nuclear
family unable to support itself because
now you have the roles of what was a
child now acting as a parent to what
would otherwise so now the child is who
would be their grandparents is now their
parents and it it causes this confusion
that would be put on the child because
everyone from the outside in is going to
have the stable relationship with their
parents and their grandparents but this
child now does not if they can have a
child does not have the structure yes
structure it's not necessarily an
argument against ancestor relationship
is just an arguments against ancestral
procreation that's probably a bad thing
that's a note because all right like I
asked you if you found out both your
siblings with that not destroy the
nuclear family in a culture in a culture
where incest is normalized no it
wouldn't it wouldn't be a big deal at
all the thing the reason well how would
it be normalized and that well how would
yeah I mean how would interracial
relationships be normalized I don't know
at one point in time if you were in an
interracial relationship that could
destroy your family but the fact that
your family responds poorly to something
doesn't make it a moral imperative to
act that way that's not where we derive
our morals or ethics from basically what
I'm asking
for you to do or what you would have to
do to make this argument and it's much
more difficult than it seems what you
have to do is you have to construct a
system of morals or ethics axiomatically
from the foundation that would get you
to saying incest is morally wrong but
not because of some ancillary reason
that applies to other things so for
instance we say well incest is wrong
because there's a chance that you could
have a baby that's genetically deformed
well that doesn't really work because
that's an argument of eugenics right we
don't tell normal people like
heterosexual normal people that they're
not allowed to have children because
their children might have autism or
something right if there's some genetic
defect they can pass on right you have
to find something that makes incest on
its own like intrinsically a moral wrong
and and the only way that it seems like
people can do it is to kind of take
these really roundabout routes that
don't specifically apply to incest so
for instance you're giving you this
example what if it causes a rift in the
family but but we both agree that there
are plenty of things that can cause
rifts in the family that don't make them
moral wrongs I mean [ __ ] like you could
have a kid decide to go to art school
and it causes a huge rift in the family
but that doesn't make the decision to go
to art school morally wrong to do so
right okay well I understand your
position there right just to get like an
example of like I'm world wrong right so
I would say rape is something that is
morally wrong and I know in my my
argument for that wouldn't be well it
makes the family feel bad or there's a
rift or it can create a baby bub or
whatever any of that should my argument
would be rape is morally wrong because
from an axiomatic point of view I
believe that people are entitled to
their own bodily autonomy they have
their own personal freedoms an
infringement on another person's
personal freedom should be one of the
greatest crimes you can commit so things
like stealing murder or rape and raping
somebody is doing something to
somebody's body against their consent
and that would make it morally wrong and
under my point of view and that that is
specific and core to the idea of rape it
doesn't bring in any kind of ancillary
or roundabout you know things that
impact it right okay so in the in that
case how would you argue pedophilia then
so pedophilia is something that is
probably wrong in society or that I see
is wrong I guess it depends on the ages
in particular so if we talk about the
strict definition of pedophilia prefer
children like under adult like they do
not meet the
agent consent yeah okay I just want to
speak clearly because like AG sent like
a 20 year old [ __ ] a 17 year old is a
lot different than like a 25 year old
[ __ ] a 7 year old right so I guess
just to be like strict um the reason why
pedophilia is usually seen as wrong and
why I believe that it's wrong is because
children typically do not possess the
mental faculty to truly consent to a
sexual relationship with an older person
and it is almost impossible to be in a
position of equal power so if you're a 7
8 or 9 year old child and an adult is
propositioning you for sex 1 you don't
you can't possibly fully understand the
repercussions of consenting to that
sexual relationships you can't really
provide true consent to do it and to in
almost every single one of those
scenarios the adult is going to hold way
more power than the child will so it
makes it difficult even if we assume the
child did have the ability to consent it
makes it difficult for them to truly
consent because they don't know what the
repercussions are going to be if they
say no right much the same reason we
don't like employee employer
relationships professor-student
relationships and stuff like that
ok and the the reason why I wanted to
argue this is because this is one of
those positions where I want to like
learn about how someone likes to argue
and the position of like just incest in
general the way I look at it is there's
many things that it ends up covering
that as a whole piece of together as
something that we decided is a morally
wrong well so what happens is we're
sorry immoral as I should say so anyway
it's good ok yeah so because of the fact
that when you add in the decay of the
nuclear family which is important for
the proper growth of a child like we see
that kids that have parents instead of
just a parent do exceptionally better
can I have you can I help you with this
argument so no no no I just want to push
on through with what I have to say ok so
ok
push
through what I just said so there's the
nuclear family then there's the argument
of the the issue with genetics there's
the argument of when these cases pop up
it's an issue of it being incestuous and
that it is damaging to what could be a
prospective child and all those three
together make a lawful case for why it's
illegal so okay so starting from the
beginning of these so again the issue
with genetics this is an issue of
eugenics which we typically don't
legally enforce so I think that argument
doesn't work we let we already allow
people in society hold on one second
hello oh my bad
I can give you the rest Amaro okay yep
oh yeah no no problem that's fun okay
Fox sorry so yeah so the problem with
genetics is we don't use that argument
in any other place in society we don't
tell people that they're not allowed to
have children because they have some
sort of genetic defect so the eugenics
that the eugenics argument just doesn't
work here the damaging to a prospective
child you're talking more about
judgments from the family or judgments
from society and these aren't ways that
we usually derive our morals either and
