yes he passed me brittany sees all sorts
of things have you seen the eyes on that
mother you were anti-bullying people
about how they look on your field of
view you slipped all the way up to 180
on the [ __ ] character creation screen
I'm not gonna suicide mines [ __ ]
career to go on some [ __ ] vendetta
against a bunch of [ __ ] video game
guys okay that's not my life all right
Andy can you can Andy can you help me
cuz he's really triggering now can you
ask him if he agrees or disagrees with
you're just dumb Andy when you asked him
if he agree Andy please just ask him if
he agrees or disagrees with the ruling I
just wanna hear what he says he wanted
about whether or not I agree with the
ruling you goofy [ __ ] there's no
hypocrisy there unless you have like the
mental fortitude of like a four-year-old
like well - tenesha
said that sometimes the courts are bad
and this case is good so how can you do
that destiny like are you calling the
Supreme Court [ __ ]
oh you don't how about you pick it up
and talk you don't want to go down this
road because you really do a guy who
lived in South Carolina okay I made it
just fine to the DMV to get my voter
cool that's great for you dude
so basically what the Supreme Court
decided okay yes sir
oh well if you don't care about the
facts then what are we arguing about and
it quotes to target african-americans
with almost surgical precision
if you I can give you like if you want
to go to the actual [ __ ] Court docs
like here's a link to that as well we
can read that if you want to the goal of
the state legislature knows to target
African Americans what'd you say what do
you why are you saying different things
what do you think what do you think I
said he doesn't say what you said it
said that they found it
disproportionately affected effort
that's not that's not the same as wishes
okay here you go you can you can get
this this is the worst argument why are
you sending me another link why this is
this Peter because do you want to read
the court Doc's themselves cuz you too
dumb by the article I what do you think
I said what do I know you said yeah what
do you what do you know I said I think
everybody knows what you said can you
say it again can you say it again I
can't because I don't know what I said
dude I need you to remind me please
sorry buddy you live there and you
didn't even know about this oh that's
the Ikes that's pretty that's pretty sad
my dude you should look out to like your
local politics more I'm looking at the
quote that's not what the quote was you
goofy little [ __ ] where the Supreme
Court said they didn't want to hear
because blacks were targeted with
surgical precision what part of that
quote doesn't support what I just said
oh that that's not what the article said
that you said why don't you what's the
what's the issue there Steve I can't
tell if you're trolling or not anymore
because they didn't hear it doesn't mean
they agree with it the Supreme Court
would have overturned this if they heard
it but when they saw it you laugh is as
fake as you're talking no it's just
funny like you're like you're this
argument is hilarious like well the
Supreme Court they might have our
attorney
they just don't hear enough cases so
they decided to just leave it like no
that's not how that works they didn't
review it because they didn't think it
was worth review because they agreed
with the lower court's decision so
that's not what you said before what do
you think I said okay everybody watched
on cannot answer this question okay
this is you haven't asked me to go can
you tell me why would the General
Assembly request racial information
about voting data why would they destiny
you tell me why don't you tell me
because they wanted to restrict people
of a certain race from voting that's
what the any racial data or talk about
race without all of a sudden it's racist
notice how he didn't answer the question
I'll ask one more time why would you
request a voter breakdown information by
race I returned a question like you do
with me why would you ask for a voter
breakdown by race cares destiny why do
you cry when they do because it was
racist and we try not to be racist in
the United States yeah
everything is right now everything I the
reframing it said since you think this
one hyper specific thing was racist that
the federal courts agreed was racist
that SCOTUS declined to here because
they thought they were right you you're
telling me that now everything is racist
wow that was a great that was a great
reframing though you're very intelligent
my dude do black people up the same
access an opportunity of access to a DMV
as white people the answer to that is no
but that might be too complicated for
you for your little smooth brain to
understand I'm not sure I'm just a
colored guy who's in South Carolina who
America
well I mean you're already done because
this happened in North Carolina not
South Carolina how they also shut down a
shit-ton of DMVs in the black
communities where people would go to
you're so stupid it's not about being a
mother it's not about being allowed you
tell [ __ ]
no it's not it's about opportunity of
access holy [ __ ] you're so [ __ ]
stupid what did you say Eddie you're
such a piece of [ __ ] holy [ __ ] you're
like really [ __ ] dumb you're like
really like I'm talking to like are you
like the black version of no [ __ ]
you guys like [ __ ] two separated at
Birth like holy [ __ ] don't insult Tonka
he's being really [ __ ] stupid like
this is really [ __ ] obtuse to run
away from the show might be literally
quoting the court Doc's at you oh yeah I
know why though I mean I'm what was your
[ __ ] [ __ ] you're legitimately
[ __ ] no I got no [ __ ] little
[ __ ] people and you're probably a
pedophile or whatever okay the problem
is that you're a demagogue you have your
narrative that you and any time thank
you know you're because you don't like
you're at your little world view and
anything that goes against it is world
it's got to come from pedophiles like oh
yeah that's funny dude I'm in South
Carolina I know my bad disagree with me
I disagree with it I don't care but you
have no basis on which to disagree you
just [ __ ] stated at you impotent
little [ __ ] really you want to state
it again buddy oh [ __ ] English your
first language Steve yeah that's why I
know the difference between south and
north you chose your chat right now is
literally spamming and words shouldn't
vote [ __ ] your [ __ ] face yeah you
sound bad right now dude you sound real
an anti-glare you keep treating back to
these chats from [ __ ] 2012 [ __ ] you
don't even know what [ __ ] state you
live in my dog
always been triggered man you sound
pretty triggered oh [ __ ] I would [ __ ]
your face up so I shed I'm showing you
where my daily so was so mad that sounds
so mad dude oh I would beat you up so
hard I would I would punch you in the
face I would beat you wait it's not it's
not Britney is it Andy after the last
like absolute like [ __ ] anal like
raping I gave you yeah I can't I can't
do this again to be ambushed by several
people that are friends with each other
doesn't it destiny and they call it and
label it a debate and then put it on
your channel huh you mean like every
time I go into conversations with you
with are like four people taking your
side or you sound like you're crying
worse can I get a source skies blue can
I get a source wait I wanna hear it I'm
done with you there's two other returns
I don't care what you want to talk to
destory this is where your $1,000
[ __ ] prize but if someone can show
where you called someone a [ __ ] and
I'm looking at it right here on my chat
he really can you read me exactly what
it says read me exactly what it says
because I know the bet I made because
people say that I call people n words
and [ __ ] all the time it's like everyone
is like can you show me a picture of me
in a Starcraft 2 game where I'm calling
people n words the only picture that
people posted was when I use the joke
when I used it as a joke in reference to
another guy getting fired like a single
time where I called someone an n-word as
an insult and B W or SC to some other
[ __ ] [ __ ] you play yeah $10,000
reward yeah and here is Steve's quote
this [ __ ] [ __ ] low Q [ __ ]
sitting in it is that is that from
bridge or up to
is that a Tonka is that a true glory
Starcraft 2 log Tonka the original cat
said doctor hi next what do we got next
I have never said that if it's not a
book shut the [ __ ] up you [ __ ] dude
that's why you're here right now cuz you
think you can hop it in this 3v1 and
[ __ ] show me up it's the best feeling
in the world
hey who's next what else we got
condescending it's just how do you do
that I mean pretty hard not to be and
I'm sorry I did Starcraft dude the log
with Starcraft 2 in brood war you didn't
produce KidCo go back to your corner go
back to sucking on your thumb though
shut the [ __ ] up little man because
there's nothing you need a dictionary to
come to this conversation stronger do
you need a map do you have to call your
mom you like texting mom what state of
mind again I don't remember nothing
makes nothing makes me more nervous than
being in a conversation like these
intellectual heavyweights good question
all right yeah we have like bipolar you
know thoughts rushing through your head
very like really mad at someone and that
you know you have to say the dumbest
[ __ ] that comes to mind is that what's
going on with you right now because I
mean there's medication for that you
know I'm just I'm just saying I don't
looking out for you here well swing in a
mess buddy trike no question do you have
like I mean you mentally disabled do you
have medicine for that all right what
else do we got guys come on you seem
that snotty bipolar means it's not even
what bipolar means every picture of a 15
year old
pornography I can't imagine what it's
like for these men that are probably
like have more mass than you or above I
mean I've seen I'm like I'm your king
you have to look up to me this is the
staple in here that are shorter than me
[Laughter]
[Applause]
you keep trying you're getting them
Brittany you're hurt and that's that
seat at the adult table you're working
real hard for under my table right now
[Music]
so good I'm so much better than
everybody else that's what I say myself
every night you don't think they're
ready you think that the Red Cross
doesn't test everything anyway do you
really believe that Ian tell me right
now say no Stephen I know I don't
actually think the Red Cross tests
anything they just trust people that
donated can you please tell me that and
please and there are many cases where
people have gotten infected because hey
trust you know you know it takes weeks
to test it's not like you can test it
instantly and detect HIV on the same day
it takes like a [ __ ] nine week
process okay so blood donations are
tested for the following this is why I
don't like you in because you make [ __ ]
up and you don't know what the [ __ ]
you're talking about
you just [ __ ] lies
well you wrote an art you brag to me
that you wrote an article about this you
don't know anything about this topic but
you have such a strong opinion on it
again this is tricking me I'm gonna be
honest dude it does trigger me actually
ignorance of that level you could
approach me being so smug and knowing so
little that I could disprove everything
you're saying with a two-second Google
search that triggers me a little bit in
I'm not gonna lie I'll give you that one
you did trigger my good you did trigger
me a little bit there and I did so yeah
do you realize it's LGBT thing they're
saying that they're like wow that whole
committee is like well we could like
yeah they can spread it they can spread
it now is because it's a higher
percentage for gay people you get that
because of the way that they're having
sex and they tend to be more promiscuous
too like you look at a picture like look
at a guys and they just like tend to
like go to gay bars like I'm not saying
that people straight people don't go to
bars but like there they tend to be
promiscuous and they like spread it
around and that's what happens it like
shows it's it's a it's a major problem
in the LGBT community yeah so you can't
really look at it and say like this is
some kind of a hidden agenda from the
gay community because LGBT can come up
with hashtags all over and you won't
accept it and then you accept it for
like five seconds they please go back to
what you're saying okay
holy [ __ ] your desk you just want to
lean left no matter what you [ __ ]
doing your assumptions will be on the
left this whole conversation even when
you're kid you need to lay down just
like calm down for a minute okay if it
is the open agenda
what would they just told you they can
go and they can go and [ __ ] whoever they
want without any consequences well we do
not want that would you not want less
there are consequences it's still a
misdemeanor and they could still do you
in for
what there was before don't even act
like that well the person that authored
the bill tweeted that he was doing this
to help alleviate discrimination against
its data that's data that shows evidence
that will do that that guarantees me by
them possibly spreading fucking-a what
we were told
yeah Brittany I actually just do
something that supported your argument
but you were so triggered that you
didn't even hear it
yeah you okay buddy Brittany is insanely
brainy answer the [ __ ] question [ __ ]
I've lost at this point I don't know
[Applause]
yes I we can all see that yeah yeah I
mean he did kind of play the [ __ ] health
care in your article wait really just
said that I got totally owned earlier
yeah no before Jim came in you said that
you totally owned me on every topic how
do you come up with that rule where it's
like it's okay if it's in one game but
not in another I didn't say it was it
okay and one given I was refuting a
claim somebody said that I called people
n words all the time and somebody this
is why we can't afford it for this we
need to work on our if this is called
being a compassionate human being I know
this is hard for you okay so for
instance somebody like me knows somebody
like me might be able to afford a
slightly higher tax rate to pay for
somebody like yours children when they
go to school because I know that you
don't have as much money to pay for it
I'm okay with a higher personal tax rate
because I can afford to pay a little bit
more because I make as much
where somebody like people might not
read it's not it feels over reals
no it has to do with Margit it has to do
with marginal utility and income it has
to do with oh there's a ton of different
thing if you want to talk economics we
get into a few one my dude I'm not
talking uh who the [ __ ] are you I
thought you said you're pulling the room
I said Jim first I is your name Jim no
it's not sit down kid so I linked you
the the national average polls okay now
if you want to say that the poll
projections that news companies were
doing those were off yeah that's
definitely the projection you asked for
publication can tell me the difference
god damn son can you shut the [ __ ] up
hole would be based on people actually
answering questions a projection would
base be based on what they think people
are going to answer in those questions
before they know that's not a let's nope
you're wrong wait me then buddy so a
projection is how you project an
election to go based on polling data let
me give you an example let's say that
you were to pull an audience before
people vote in a no pit wouldn't be so
let me give you an example okay let's
say that the poll I'd say that the poll
is 60 to 40 C to 40 sir okay you would
say that one person you would say that
one person has a 20-point lead what's
inside my wife I mean it has a 20-point
lead okay so just because you have a
20-point lead doesn't mean that you only
have a 60 percent chance of winning the
election if you took that equation one
day before the election if you took that
poll one day before the election er
there was a 20-point gap you could
project a 99% chance to win that's the
difference between a poll and a
projection
oh [ __ ] I need to like clean my mind
after that oh my god if you could burn
thousands of calories by being
confronted with people that would really
make you think those calories were
burned right here and right now oh my
god
[Music]
