so okay so it just first some background
I guess so I originally message I shot
you a response on a reddit comment
because sometimes get linked to Kotaku
threads and I saw that you said that you
felt like I intentionally misrepresent
the Hispanic immigration thing and I was
curious why you think that so here we
are well in part just because I think
that and maybe I'm wrong but I think any
whether you've seen some research that
contradicts some of the things that you
seem to say about the immigration but I
mean regardless of whether or not you
were intentionally being misleading or
not obviously I disagree with your take
on it oh well because I was kind of a
center point of your comment because you
were making a comment about people that
I wanted D platformed and one of those
were people that were grossly negligent
or intentionally dishonest and you said
that you felt like I was intentionally
dishonest in the arguments I was making
so I was curious if you had a reason why
you thought that or if you were just
spouting Randall for instance I think
that you I'm sure you've been to the
website the alternative hypothesis a
fair number of times yeah and know that
on that website or maybe you don't know
this but I assume you would know anyway
that on that website for instance
there's an analysis that breaks down the
fiscal impact of different ethnic groups
of the United States
okay what about it Jose I'm sorry what
yeah what about it that it shows the
disbanding have a fairly strong negative
impact fiscally on the United States and
then in spite of this they you say
things like that Hispanics do not have a
negative fiscal impact do you understand
the difference between a fiscal impact
and an economic impact uh yeah where a
physical impact would be referring I
suppose specifically to the net effect
of government spending whereas an
economic impact would account for sort
of everything that takes place in the
economy sure so my specific statements
in the past have been pretty rigorously
consistent here where I've said that
immigration either has a slightly
negative or a net wash impact on fiscal
budgets and an overall positive impact
on the economy I don't think I've ever
said that immigrants have a positive
impact fiscally on the country I don't
know if anybody has ever stated that in
turn I get most of this immigration in
mission from Boras and he seems to think
that it's about a wash or maybe slightly
negative but nobody's ever said the
economic impact is negative not too
concerned about only looking at a fiscal
impact of something that's a whole other
different thing well I think that
without the Egan I mean talking about
the economic impact being positive or
negative is perhaps limited in its
informativeness in that not all sort of
economic activities good cat the
estimates that you derive from Boris's
work in terms of the addition to income
the natives would have as a result of
hispanic immigrants
that's far lesser than the amount of
then the net negative fiscal impact of
hispanic immigrants right so that if
they add the people's average income by
$100 on average they consume on net more
than $100 of government services then it
would seem i'm technically true but in
connotation misleading they call that a
positive economic impact I'm not
familiar
ii-i've never heard the idea that every
dollar earned by a Hispanic in the
United States is spent by government
I've never been made aware of that
impact before and it sounds to me like
no that's not what I'm saying it's it's
just that right sister they consume a
certain number of government services
and then they also pay our number of
taxes and so thereby we have a net level
of government consumption we if
consumption my heart attacks so I'm
gonna be mad money yeah I understand do
you have like an actual breakdown of
this data or is this just conjecture
from you
I know the debate has been rolling down
like that before so you have data that
shows that a fiscal impact is
overwhelmingly affecting the economy
such that the economic gains are offset
by that fiscal impact I would very much
like to see a source on that if you have
that and not just a null hypothesis
article like something that economists
see all time because I've never in my
life seen this before and I've got like
50 different like studies that all point
to positive impacts economically from it
from immigration that seems to be like
the economic consensus like it's not
even like a debated topic okay so
there's a little tricky to do just
because we like to push to talk things a
little shaky to move around yeah no
problem
you can shoot it seemed like a discord
DM or something but sure a little bit
like so there's a formula there's an
analysis by the Heritage Foundation
called I can link it to you but yeah the
fiscal cost of unlawful immigrants name
is deed to the US taxpayer okay and then
even when looking at lawful immigrants
right it finds that the fiscal deficit
per household four thousand three
hundred and forty four dollars okay
that's is only fiscally we're talking
about economic impact as well right but
if you turn to war houses the data where
he is a calculation of the amount of
economic activity added to the economy
by Hispanics by immigrants Hispanic
immigrants if you look at that and you
subtract from that the amount of that
that is just the consumption of goods
directly by Hispanics so you look at the
amount that they add to native income
and you divide it by the number of
natives so the number you get there is
significantly less than four thousand
dollars isn't the amount income a by
Hispanic immigration is much lesser than
is the debt caused by Hispanic
immigrants yes I'm not even sure if
these two numbers are directly
comparable do you have like an economist
that breaks down and makes this argument
that the fiscal drain of immigration is
greater than the economic benefit
you mentioned the Heritage study but
that's only talking about fiscal impacts
which I probably wouldn't disagree with
but it's not what we're here for
yes like I said the I mean the
calculation of their effect on the
income you're taking is you're taking
like the fiscal impact which is
calculated some way and then you're
trying to do some an additive
subtractive thing I'm not sure if these
two numbers can even be directly
compared so I'm wondering if you an
actual economy Peterson videos nobody's
breakdowns before rather than just like
these are two numbers I took and I'm
just gonna subtract one from the other
and then make my claim these are really
complicated in economic transactions off
the top of my head I'm not sure if an
economist has made this specific
comparison okay but it seems strange to
me that every economist that I've come
across seems to say that immigration is
like a massive boon to the economy but
somehow you figured out these two
numbers don't add up I guess unless
you're doing like PhD work in this area
so it seems I mean The Economist's are
technically right right because the way
economists look at economic activity is
by measuring grace
I'm a basically spending measures right
GDP this sort of thing so that like
welfare spending is counted as in this
sense a positive economic activity
because it's spending that's part of GDP
so the economists like the view on this
is definitely correct using that notion
called positive and it's positive the
sense of like a positive number right
it's a positive in the sense of a good
thing and it can be good or bad
depending on what it's being spent on
but I mean there are so we would make
two things I guess I'm making a
comparison here which I can't cite any
one of the PhD doing but I mean do you
do at least see how intuitively maybe -
like us a lot of foolish lay people or
something it would make sense though to
say that if and I'm looking at now that
if the like Boerhaave numbers suggest
that immigrants add per person dollars
of income a year but immigrant
households on average are consuming on
net four thousand dollars of government
services per year even though all that
it's counted is positive in terms of how
economists account for economic activity
we normally think about what's good and
bad for the economy that on net that's
going to be bad
at least for NATO's yes so I
acknowledged the first thing you said
that I'm a lay person that's why I would
never take two numbers from two top two
totally unrelated analyses and go look
this one's bigger than this one
therefore here is a massive conclusion
that has far-reaching implications
across the entire economy yeah I would
never make that assessment I wouldn't
trust myself to do it
firstly I'm not even sure if welfare
spending is taken into account when they
look at economic impact by immigrants
and then I'm also not sure like how like
if exactly your numbers are taking into
it like this is something I would need
to see done like born out like an actual
comparative study where I know that
people are controlling for all the facts
and figures and there isn't like any
weird [ __ ] going on like I wouldn't just
take like well here's one study that
says that immigrants contribute this
much and then here's another one and if
I divide this by all the number of
households and then do the adding and
subtracting I can see that there's a
negative number like it doesn't sound
like a good analysis to me I mean since
you can even break it down by by
households again with the Bourassa
numbers that immigrants add to like the
native households 2171 dollars per year
but those same households have to pay in
taxes over four thousand dollars in year
in the long run because obviously we can
put in debt temporarily but in the long
run have to pay four thousand dollars I
don't see why that would be a
particularly I guess suspect comparison
to make I mean yeah if you don't there's
nothing I can do to convince you
otherwise
economics is insanely [ __ ]
complicated and economic transactions
like immigration and impact on wages and
labor and usage of fiscal benefits from
the state but like all of this stuff is
really really really complicated so if I
tell you that you can't take two numbers
from two totally different studies and
then just compare them and go look
here's my massive far-reaching
conclusion if you don't see why that
might be like a really naive way to
compare data I I mean I think it's a
good reason for us to like think about
it it has been thought about yes but
like this is the thing like you're
trying to present me this data like hey
by the way as a layperson I discovered
these two numbers that you can subtract
from one another and no economist
whatsoever has ever thought about this
in the history of all of comparing
whether or not between me not being able
name an economist off the top of my head
that made the specific comparison and
like the positive state but no economist
has ever done that right like I've no I
that's those are two very different
thanks I mean like we I mean we can hit
up like the I mean I don't want to use
my own research because it might be
biased but like we can go to the
economics I've rated on red and we can
look at the side I'm sure they've got a
ton of [ __ ] about like immigration and
impact in the economy and I'm I mean we
I'm willing to bet that everything they
say there is positive unless you think
that's like a left-leaning subreddit or
something this is just something I'm not
familiar with before and I've done like
a decent amount of reading so when I do
like a decent amount of research and all
the economic consensus seems to hone in
on like one certain thing and then you
come and you tell me well look I've got
two totally unrelated studies and I
think if I do a little bit of you know
alchemy I can show you that this is
actually bad and all those economists
who have dedicated their lives to doing
this research is wrong like I I'm not
gonna believe you there I'm not saying
that the research is wrong well you're
saying something like well what they
don't actually from an accounting
standpoint it's a positive impact okay
but I don't even know if GDP because GDP
counts as a transport payment I don't
know if that's considered in like the
net impact of immigration to the economy
like what you're saying it just seems
like you're it's it's like when people
talk about like complex tax like what
about this one thing like maybe the
economists didn't realize that all the
benefit is actually just from welfare
like that sounds like something like a
grade school student would propose like
the teacher would be like what are some
possible issues with our data and then
like a kid we're well what if all the
GDP generated was just from welfare and
the teacher go oh well that's good
however researchers aren't totally
[ __ ] stupid so they would obviously
account for something it's like that
would be my guess I could be wrong but
the fact that you have nothing to give
me but conjecture doesn't help your case
do you think that's a fair argument the
immigrants from the economists
perspective I guess I don't even see why
they this is the sort of thing they
really normal at least would account for
because economists normally aren't
interested in the net benefit in this
connotative sense the economics is
primarily looking at things through an
accounting sort of lens okay I'm not
saying that the economist dumb right
it's we politically think about sort of
positive economic activity is distinct
from positive economic activity in an
accounting
which is normally how economists are
looking at this okay I feel like
economist what account for this this
seems like a massive thing so I just
because I'm not I have never heard the
second before so I'm just like reading
an investor PD article investigating
usually has pretty good information if
you think this is wrong feel free to
shoot me something differently
so I'm reading this and it says transfer
payments for the purposes of calculating
GDP government spending does not include
transfer payments the reallocation of
money from one party to another which
includes Social Security Medicare
unemployment insurance welfare programs
and subsidies because these are not
payments for goods and services they do
not represent a form a finding of final
demand or GDP that covers some
government services right but obviously
not all government services so what are
these massive government services that
are being lumped in with GDP that aren't
included in transfer payments so I think
that would all I Felicita the listing if
I think those were all basically means
tested sort of benefits one of the
biggest ones right is just school use of
infrastructure that sort of thing okay
schools are paid for with real estate
taxes I don't understand what the
comparison being drawn this here or do
you think there's a lot of like homeless
immigrants that go to school or really
then we can go to school and then taxes
paid for that so that's part of their
consumption of government services right
well I guess but I mean they have to pay
for those taxes now the I mean the
immigrants I'm not sure you mean like
immigrants have to pay for all of the
immigrant accounting of the consumption
of schooling well where do taxes for
schools come from from the people that
pay taxes oh well do you know which ones
which like the specific people no okay
so generally school taxes are calculated
by real estate tax this is why if you go
to wealthy neighborhoods and you go to
the schools around the wealthy
neighborhoods their schools are really
nice if you go to shitty neighborhoods
well immigrants because it was just
immigrants that were famous well you're
making it you're making it sound like
immigrants are going to all these
schools that are being paid for by other
people but if you're renting property or
real estate in some area you're paying
taxes that go to the school
I don't see how that counts as a
negative consumption of some public good
that they're not paying for it well you
have to come it doesn't neccessarily
right you have to compare the cost of
the schooling to the actual amount of
taxes paid by the individuals okay I
just don't understand how that comes out
to be negative like you live in a
district you pay taxes in that district
and then it goes to the school if you
live in a shitty district you probably
of a shitty school it's not like
Hispanic immigrants are going to like
these super wealthy like Harvard ask
high schools or something I mean well
that's I mean that's somewhat of a
separate issue but the like the spending
differences by ethnicity are pretty
small in terms of the okay but like
ethnicities are going to be segregated
into like for instance like you can't
just compare what do white people pay
for public school versus Hispanics pay
for public schools because white people
go to better public schools than
Hispanic people go through and those
public school spend more money than
Hispanic public schools that's what I'm
saying so you can't just compare it like
that
like for instance Hispanics might pay 50
percent of what white people pay in
taxes to schools but they might consume
50 percent less services because their
schools don't spend as much money I mean
there two things so one I don't think
it's true there's much of a difference
in terms of the spending on white and
Hispanic and black schools and that sort
of thing that's a great that's because
you I mean we can look that up right now
if you want so you're telling me that if
I go to any City and I go to a poor
neighborhood versus a rich neighborhood
you think that the budgets of these two
schools are going to be similar I'm
saying that if you look at the total
spending on the education of Hispanics
blacks and whites you segregate it out
categorization scheme and there's not
much of a difference deep well I'm sorry
to do this to you or enrich people while
those like that categorization scheme is
correlated of socioeconomic status those
are two separate questions okay so I'm
not trying to call you out and I'm
looking for this right now do you have
like a source I'm like oh the total
spending by spending on education by
race that like a thing that is
documented yes I can yes it is I just
make it up and this is actually this is
actually just this is not even be
interpreting yeah I mean like you can
tell me that I can a DM I'm just I'm
curious uh yeah one second that might
take me a minute to find but I can
definitely send it
yeah this fan so like if somebody's
shooting me like a dot e d RW w te d gov
link so this is government data if you
believe in the deep state I don't maybe
you don't believe in this so this is
apparently 40% of high schools don't
offer physics 25 percent don't offer
chemistry more than half of all high
schools with large numbers of
african-americans or Latinos don't offer
