Captain Marvel wot 7/10 at most
I thought Casimir was a pretty bad movie
if I get up to 2,000 very as well talk
about Captain Marvel okay I don't know
if he well this late plainly I just want
to repeat myself my time yeah
medium spoiler I would just assume
everything I could do is have you on
spoilers can you do Collins for another
time listen next Sunday I'll do it
longer okay I just had to see you
Captain Marvel today first and I saw
where there's only free at for 2k
viewers start talking nice I thought it
was a [ __ ] moment there you go I feel
like um the most important part of a
superhero the most important part of
like a hero journey to story is to show
like the hero struggling if you don't
have that it's a ship it's a [ __ ]
superhero movie or a hero movie I don't
know why so many movies [ __ ] this up now
it's like really disappointing Oh
on a scale from one to ten
I would give it like a five
was a basically military propaganda no
you'd have to be like a super [ __ ]
crazy Alessi or some [ __ ] that think it
was like Oh
no if you think it was military property
stupidly I read a review saying that
Carroll never felt an inter once was
kind of boring thoughts I kind of wonder
if like since we're doing like the whole
like diversity thing we're trying to get
a greater representation in media which
I agree is a good thing I kind of wonder
people are scared to write female
characters that struggle that's
something that I'm starting to wonder
like I noticed this I say it's friend I
don't know if it's a trend I guess we're
trying to think like I know it what
happened with Ray in Star Wars like
really bad and then it's going on with
Captain Marvel Lake are there superhero
movies with female leads with a female
like actually like struggles or is it
something where you think they're like
people are too scared to write it that
way like recent movies did Wonder Woman
have a significant struggle remember not
like I'm not talking about like kilvo
ironically they Kill Bill any alien or
like movies like really with really
well-written female leads I think I
think in terms like recent movies
I tell you mention Denarius you really
believe that concern early story yeah
but if you think Daenerys struggled then
where we watch media completely and
totally [ __ ] differently we're never
gonna agree on it
Daenerys never has real struggles in all
of Game of Thrones if you think so it's
just because you're [ __ ] stupid but I
mean I understand why you think it
people people are very quick to like
project things on to like people will
project things onto people project their
own emotions into stories so like shitty
storytellers can like benefit a lot from
that
it's like Daenerys Daenerys story
benefits a lot from like media literate
[ __ ] that project a lot of their own
emotion and to like the story it's like
for instance like a really basic take
might be oh well
Daenerys struggle because she got raped
and it's like okay but was a rape like
did a rape really end on anything bad
and all in Game of Thrones like for
instance here would be like an example
of like Daenerys like struggling due to
her rape
maybe Daenerys has like house like a
battle that she needs to win and there's
a male general that she could trust that
would like lead her to victory but she's
distrustful of men because she was raped
that would be an example of like a
struggle but that never happens she's
literally [ __ ] like a male
infiltrator general like the [ __ ]
next season
the guy that she falls all right her
rape doesn't have any negative
consequences at all for a character like
it's something that she overcomes and
she uses it as like a story device then
she falls in love with a guy that rapes
her and then has a kid and all about his
conveniently thrown away people might
say like oh well she struggle because
she lost her husband and her baby yeah
but was that really a struggle no it was
used to something to empower her to move
on like to the next bigger thing like if
anything having a kid in that husband
would have slow to the [ __ ] down right
like Daenerys like never really even
like her losses of like oh she lost one
dragon yeah 1 2 3 right Daenerys like
never suffer is like real struck like
real setbacks in Game of Thrones like
other characters do right compared to
say somebody like Jamie who loses his
hand Jamie can't fight anymore it's a
huge change in his character like it
dramatically changes his character
Daenerys his character has never really
changed that much at all or like it like
Sansa writes on says a character that's
lost a lot and has changed a lot of the
result so a woman isn't really
struggling less rape flexwrap mentally
yes yeah that's how you write a story if
things have to happen it's a cause and
effect right I understand it I
understand it felt like a lot of stuff
today like maybe you guys don't think
you need to see the effect because you
can like imagine it or whatever like in
your brain like you just like imagine in
effect but like yeah if something is
supposed to be a struggle you have to
illustrate that somehow on on screen
right you have to see the character
actually lose something not imagine in
your head like oh well I I think rape is
bad right so like getting great must be
real bad well but if you don't actually
if it doesn't change your character at
all let me know not really you can't
really call that a struggle yes Cersei
is somebody that's definitely changed a
lot and struggled a lot as well sure
yeah the thing the prama won Game of
Thrones is a stark contrast to the rest
of the characters as well lots of movies
I stories have societal assumptions like
rapists bad yeah if it's [ __ ] it does
sure but most stories if a character is
raped or suffered something that there's
a demonstrable loss or change in
character as a result of that usually it
like something change in a character
only shitty things rely on like oh well
society says this is bad so like we'll
show that it's bad and not actually like
demonstrate like a thing with the
character
for the whole first season
Daenerys struggles super hard constantly
until she tries to think the end season
gets dragons yeah but every victory that
Daenerys has is handed to her via
birthright that's the problem the nurse
doesn't earn anything she like she's the
queen she walks out of the fire because
that's her she was born she gets dragons
because that's what she was born with
like somebody brings her an army because
they love or some general back steps
other generals invites her because he
thinks she's beautiful Jorah Consol's
her and everything cuz he loves it like
it she doesn't earn anything like she
doesn't do anything like oh she tricks
to one guy because she happens to have
been born learning valerian and and he
didn't know that like everything about
Daenerys is like a big compound a big
lucky thing like everything related to
Daenerys is that you think every
character needs to start as a beggar on
the streets and earn everything for
hero's journeys yeah of course the hero
always is supposed to start at a low
point in velvet way up that's the hope
that's literally the whole point of the
story yeah of course
if it's like if it's like a hero's
journey story yeah what what do you mean
otherwise there's no that's the journey
part what do you think do to think that
she deserved her characterization what
would you ever see on screen I'm heard
growing or changing as a character we're
doing something to actually earn a
victory rather than just because she was
like born with something heiress Trina
isn't necessarily mean the star point of
weakness is that they become stronger or
change over the course of journey so
you're saying they start weak and become
stronger I mean you gonna play like a
semantics game that's fine I mean sure
they don't have to start weak but they
have to start at a lope they have to
start weaker than their initial obstacle
and they have got stronger overcome it
that's the that's the point of the
hero's journey right you're you start
out in some level there's some obstacle
that you can't overcome and you have to
either learn something about yourself or
develop something that you didn't have
before and then you go and then you
rican front that previous obstacle or
something similar to it and you overcome
it right that's the hero's journey
what about spam in homecoming he was
really good at the start know what go
away
homecoming oh I didn't watch
iron man is born as a million billion or
genius I mean had to do the whole
[ __ ] thing in the cave [ __ ] or
whatever and then later on he has the
one villain or whatever but like kind of
[ __ ] with him the cave scene was like
pretty short I guess but I think Iron
Man was decently developed for a
superhero
do any of the Marvel heroes really face
challenges at all yeah Marvel movies are
pretty usually aya aya aya aya alright
man is a billionaire playboy LOL what
struggling can you just be a man you
guys are real [ __ ] stupid I'm sorry
dude this is my movie the [ __ ] today I
guess if you're born with money then
that literally counts as like overcoming
every option he can't grow as a
character my bad you got me you
worthless [ __ ] wowee this is like on
ironically your opinion or what I mean
you're not acknowledging one struggle
but not another how can you not
acknowledge the bias I'm not you just
just because you're born with money
doesn't mean that you're ready to
overcome I don't know nevermind I can't
tell if you're actually I can't call it
I can't tell you I run in the making
this argument or if you're just like
[ __ ] with me I don't see how you
can't even acknowledge the daenerys
struggle to the entirety of Game of
Thrones like maybe she didn't struggle
as much as other characters but that's
just what about ISM but iron man is a
billionaire playboy LOL what is
struggling to you just being male
okay.you is horrible with politics
that's why you don't understand view of
that is the best effect okay here's a
question in the Captain Marvel movie in
the Captain Marvel movie when did you
ever think that Captain Marvel was in
danger or trouble was there any point in
that movie at any point in time you're
like oh [ __ ] she might actually be
[ __ ] here did this ever happen with
her ever there's not a single moment in
an entire movie if you're being honest
with yourself when you ever feel like
she's in danger it never happens and
that's why that lack of feeling that
like it always feels like she's ready to
do some crazy [ __ ] it always feels like
she's got some super mystical magic
power [ __ ] I mean kind of when the alien
guys were [ __ ] with her memories
maybe for like a whole one or two
minutes tops
but even at that she broke out of that
on her own killed everybody on that ship
on her own blew up that ship on her own
got all of her stuff back on her own
like nothing in that ship was a threat
to her whatsoever
how was Iron Man being kidnapped in a
scam I'm not somebody in an heiress the
situation being sold into the Horde and
learning to stand up to the call and her
brother in terms of care to grow that
struggle I feel like and I feel like if
we go back to Iron Man I feel like there
are moments in Iron Man you hate Captain
Marvel because of her flat ass don't you
with her ass really flat I feel like um
I feel like Tony struggle is struggling
with isn't Tony's main struggle like his
narcissism or whatever versus his um his
narcissism versus his uh I guess like
his relationships with other people
[Music]
I guess like there are at least parts of
Ironman where you feel like he might
actually be [ __ ] who ends up putting
the thing back in him is it pepper or is
it this guy
used to hold the same argument against a
vegan oh [ __ ] off we're not doing this
[ __ ] I have the same problem with Black
Panther no steaks at destiny um no wait
come on
I think the well why was Black Panther
able to beat the one guy the second time
around what changed what did he what did
he learn how did he come back and beat
the guy was his talk with his dad what
does he end up learning no this is
character development right he's
basically this is like this is like
Locke's character kind of right in D&D
he probably grew up thinking like his
family was like super perfect super pure
super holy super awesome and then he
grows up and he realizes if there's like
there's kind of like his family's been
involved in dirt as well that they
should have been more forthcoming about
right the acknowledging oh right because
he acknowledges this with his father
then he has to like clean up his
father's mistakes right ever right this
is like his character development right
wasn't killing longer the best oh yeah
he was an okay villain I mean there's
some characterization about kinda I
still feel like the matrix probably does
this the matrix does this really well so
does um dude the matrix has so much good
theming dude oh my god okay
like let's think about let's think about
some parts of the matrix okay the first
time neo literally meets the agents they
like seal his mouth and he's like so
[ __ ] out of his league it's like
impossible it is impossible horrible how
neo is so [ __ ] behind right cuz he
hasn't even broken out of the matrix yet
right
and then when neo starts to learn parts
of the matrix right he fights Morpheus
and he solidly gets his ass kicked it's
like he gets [ __ ] right and then they
try to run the jump program and he can't
jump for [ __ ] he's like [ __ ] horrible
right and then like in his time in the
matrix like he goes and he talks to the
Oracle and the or looks like listen dude
you're not [ __ ] alright you're [ __ ]
garbage right and all of that is
horrible right and he's [ __ ]
so neo is inferior to Morpheus he is
incapable of dealing with the agents and
he can't even like do the jump [ __ ] you
can't even jump from one building
next right he can't he's [ __ ] right in
almost every way he's so bad and then
with all of that theming in mind
Morpheus gets captured and then neo and
neo and Trinity save Morpheus and all of
the stuff that we had in our mind before
neo is able to do now right he jumps off
the helicopter he saves right to rescue
Morpheus he saves Morpheus the guy that
was his superior he does it in front of
multiple agents right it like all of
that theming I feel like the payoff at
the end is so much greater there because
the more failures that you've had
somebody like go through the more times
he fails to jump he fails be more
obvious he fails to do anything of
relevance in the matrix he fails to get
a good mess from the Oracle all of that
failure leads to so much more payoff at
the end I feel I don't know like I'm
trying to think of this like a better I
want to say Lord of the Rings I'm trying
to think of
if Aragorn like loses fights are Aragorn
has failures leading up to him finally
Manning up and taking over his role as a
king that one he's like elf girlfriend
dies or whatever doesn't she think if
everyone actually loses fights or
whatever yeah The Dark Knight is a
really good one as well Batman is always
like really good for um I think that I
think that bane of all the Batman movies
that I've seen caught oh my god The Dark
Knight Rises has so many problems The
Dark Knight Rises has so many problems
however Bane I think is one of the best
villains of like all time right you
because like Bane is like you have a
Batman that is like kind of shitty
compared to what he used to be right
because Batman's like just getting back
into the swing of things he's kind of
[ __ ] Bane is literally like Batman from
the first he's like Batman from like The
Dark Knight and then like times 10 he's
like a better version of Batman in every
way and like the theming on this is like
is really well done right cuz even and
even when Batman tries to play to his
strengths right like the the darkness
should oh you dig the darkness is your
ally just begging even beats him here I
think Bane is a really good villain for
Batman although the ending fight scene
is choreographed really shittily or
whatever but like that yeah Batman does
like a really good hero's journey right
where he learns he has to learn about
himself he has to learn about what's
important like oh it's not Joe
like not fearing death oh you have to
fear - oh so he learns to jump without
the rope whatever yeah this is that the
darknet rice is a really really good
example of a hero's journey right which
is why and then this is why the payoff
at the end of this movie is so great
right it kind of the endings really flub
[ __ ] Nolan movies have so many [ __ ]
problems but um but this is the this
movie for the most part like gets it
right I think xqc my favorite one is
destiny failing the near tutorial for
seven hours of finally exceeding [ __ ]
Aragorn was a mean character who had no
flaws and was just a good king warrior
archetype this is why Frodo was the
actual hero of LOTR know you're thinking
of Sam but nice try every scene you have
the Creed movies yeah I saw both of them
Creed one was so good
creed 2 is okay but I thought Creed 1
was really well done one of my favorite
shots of um one of my like favorite
little montage things or whatever oh
[ __ ] I feel like this movie did like
callback so well whereas like the final
thing
[Music]
Batman gets his ass kicked then some
dude breaks his back in place then
Batman saves the city by punching harder
keep it up daddy Nolan when he gets
knocked out and then you go through like
all of us all of the characters
struggles here it's like this is like a
really good this is like a really really
good for like a final scene I love this
compilation right his whole life is kind
of [ __ ] up or divert his [ __ ]
struggles his girlfriend struggles
growing up rocky struggles and then the
final and in the final clip here of his
[ __ ] debt oh that's such a [ __ ]
that's such a good [ __ ] this is like
I really really like that like
compilation of clips ah [ __ ] the the
final like clip there of Apollo from one
of the earlier Rocky movies is so
[ __ ] good oh [ __ ] I love that scene
that that that little like compilation
is so good I didn't like Crete 2 is
creepy was okay but um Creed 1 was so
good I feel like Creed's who didn't
really do anything new
[Music]
Gandalf fighting the Balrog is pretty
good character development right I don't
know basically like you just like I want
to be able to see like for in my opinion
what makes like a good hero story is
like there has to be a part where the
hero is [ __ ] compared to something else
and he's just he's way out of his League
and then he overcomes it or learned
something about himself or develops
something and then later on REE
confronts an obstacle like that one or
the same one and then is able to defeat
it that's like that's like a really
satisfying movie to me and you have to
feel like there are parts where like the
main character is actually like really
weak like that's like a really important
part of um it's a really you have to
feel like the hero is kind of [ __ ] for a
while because when they get really good
at the end then that's like the thing
egoraptor talks about this concept and
it is Mega Man review a lot actually all
the dark bunnies movies were ruined for
me because Christian Bale recycled the
voice he used for Howl's Moving Castle
what a compelling actor capellini oh oh
wait what this is not what I'm looking
for is it so this like through Mega Man
X right like this you have this thing
where like zero is kind of like this
badass random [ __ ] character that in
the game you don't know if it's a guy or
girl ever like shows up with a sword and
a super badass of super cool and like
you'd see this person do like crazy [ __ ]
all game and it's awesome but then later
on in the game you're the one that
actually like breaks zero out of like
their containment and it are the one
that goes through and defeats the final
boss right this type of theming is like
really really powerful right it's good
this is like good hero [ __ ] this is like
what should happen right Mega Man saving
0 and then overcoming Sigma at the end
is kind of similar to neo saving
Morpheus and then overcoming the agents
at the end right it's like the same type
of thing where like early on right
neo looks up to Morpheus is like this
impossibly powerful dude that he hopes
one day maybe he can be as good as and
then there's an enemy that's even
stronger than him right and then later
on he's the one that saves Morpheus and
kills the agents because neo is like oh
that's his journey right and then it's
the same in Megaman right making my next
looks up to zero as I say there's a
possibly badass maverick hunter and then
later on he saves zero and then ends up
beating Sigma right this kind of stuff
I'm sure there's like we can probably
find countless examples more like this
yeah in Final Fantasy 7 you go through
similar stuff right where like you spend
the entire game chasing this like
impossibly powerful character Sephiroth
right like you you have to go through a
whole side quest to avoid this midgar's
almost the annihilation no it's not
mentioned often but it's a great movie
with a good all-female led cast and then
if you um if you if you run into this
Midgar soul and we cannot prepare this
thing kicks your ass you can beat it
early on but you have to be like
specially prepared for it and if he bait
is here you're gonna die but then like
after you like finally make it across a
swamp you find out like oh [ __ ] the guy
that you're chasing is like already
single-handedly [ __ ] destroyed this
snake
spoiler alert though it's not actually
suffereth it's Genova this plot is hella
convoluted by the way but like yeah this
type of stuff is really good yeah Luke
Skywalker Luke Skywalker is another
really good example he learns from
obi-wan who seems impossibly strong
Luke's obi-wan seems impossibly strong
compared to Luke he's way wiser way more
intelligent same thing with Yoda right
Yoda lifts the [ __ ] x-wing out of the
[ __ ] swamp and everything and Luke is
nothing to these people and then Luke
meets like the big bad dude Darth Vader
and he absolutely gets his [ __ ] ass
kicked right Luke is his [ __ ] hand
chopped off he's totally not ready for
it and then in the final scene like not
only does Luke not kill Darth Vader he
like in a way he spares him right
because he's become so much more
powerful that's every Shonen anime ever
yeah anime does this pretty well yeah do
you think the main character of a
superhero movie has to have a hero's
journey pretty much I mean that's kind
of what superhero movies are all about
right
except for maybe like what's that one is
it am I thinking of Mad Men aren't there
some superhero movies are kind of
unconventional but I mean like generally
yeah that's what superhero movies are
right
Oh Watchmen is one thing I'm not mad man
okay I haven't seen Watchmen but destiny
wants every superhero movie to have a
cookie cutter story nope that's not what
I said at all should i ban you like I'm
gonna do something tonight you're so
[ __ ] lucky
how does Luke suffer anything from
losing his hand is it knowing his father
is the bad guy um I mean like Luke
technically losing his hand
itself isn't really a big setback to him
because he gets it like reattached or or
he gets like a new one a robot one
that's like the same thing I guess but
um I mean like the whole crew kind of
set suffered like a lot of setbacks
there I think right right the Han Solo
got frozen in carbonite I don't think he
was with him at the end when they picked
him up can you think of something that
tries to do but fails I don't know what
that sentence was supposed to say you
seem pretty passionate about these
stories blows my mind you haven't seen
part one of Naruto aka the best anime of
all time what you are talking about is a
superhero trip over played in movies
right why do you want more of this this
is not a superior trope over played in
movies this is something this is these
are stories that have been told since
the dawn of [ __ ] man I mean like read
the ha no no I'm not gonna say this but
like if you read The Odyssey if you
study like the Iliad like these are also
similar types of stories where isn't the
Odyssey like a whole hero's journey
about Odysseus where he starts off as
like this really arrogant cocksure
[ __ ] dude that goes off and has to
like learn a bunch of [ __ ] about himself
I don't even remember who the final
people are that Odysseus beats in the
end because the [ __ ] dead [ __ ] was so
[ __ ] boring but like argh Gilgamesh
yeah like here the hero's journey are
stories that have been told since the
dawn of [ __ ] time
the hero's journey is the type of story
of white people like Devin think that
they're like these archetypes that run
through like all of like human history
do character growth moments have to be
dramatic about a city appreciate quiet
Sochi subtle ways that character goes me
showing yeah any type of character
growth is good but like the character
the a final fight a final battle in any
like hero's journey asks story like it
should feel like things have happened
that like oh man like is the end of the
spider verse this movie is this stuff
like release change I was gonna donate
about the hero's journey but mister
debate man beat me to it cut again check
like this entire ending sequence does so
many things correct that should be
correct about like the ending of like a
hero's journey so main characters are
losing fights two characters that have
already demonstrated that they are way
above and beyond the main protagonist
right so the protagonist Spider Man here
is nowhere near this level he spent his
whole his whole movie running from these
types of characters right however he's
able to come back and defeat these
people using things that he's learned in
two different ways
one it's because he learned things about
himself right he had the big talk with
his father he realized that he needs to
like figure out forge his own path he
needs to do things to blah blah blah it
kind of like a coming-of-age type thing
right and then to I don't know if you
missed this hopefully not but um [ __ ] is
it part of this clip
[ __ ] what is the next part of this scene
I'm not gonna be able to find out online
the whole the whole like ending part
after that where he's like trying to run
the chip or whatever or to go around in
to the top is actually copy pasted from
what he watched by the original
spider-man 2 at the beginning of the
movie right that like that's great
theming right that when he is a little
kid a little dumb [ __ ] kid that doesn't
know anything watching the first
spider-man do crazy [ __ ] and like run
around like the whole [ __ ] they doing
all the cool movies it's like
unbelievable him and in the last part
when he goes back spending he does the
exact same kind of like path like all
the shots are mirrored and everything
and it's really really well done it's
perfect like it's perfect [ __ ] you
know like showing like evolution of
character and then even in his final
fight with like the big [ __ ] fat dude
right that the move that he kills him
with is the electricity thing that he
unlocked because he understands more
about himself and a call back to his
uncle the Prowler right when he touches
his shoulder and stops it right it's
like it's amazing theming the spider
verse does this this type of theming
really really really [ __ ] well like
showing like at the evolution of a
character through like the final fight
or whatever that yeah that all that [ __ ]
mr. blanket talks about this exact point
in the best possible way it was someone
the characters the biggest the most
glaring problem with the Phantom Menace
is the characters this is like the most
obvious part of moviemaking this is a 9
minute thing I don't we watch this a
long time ago but what part of this is
gonna be in I guess I got to explaining
I'm talking about this curve let's start
moving making 101 shall we see most
movies the audience needs a character to
connect with definitely this character
is something called a protagonist when
you're in a weird movie with like alien
to monsters and weirdos the audience
really need someone's like a normal
person like that to guide them through
the story now this of course doesn't
apply to every movie but it works best
in the sci-fi superhero action and
fantasy genres iperf you example to
illustrate this point Marty McFly John
McClane Billy Peltzer Sarah Connor neo
Charlie Bucket ada Parker cliff Secord
Johnny reason capital marvel struggle
trying to puppy out her past also she
spends the whole movie thinking that the
supreme intelligence could take her
powers always at any time she had to
overcome these doubts about herself to
understand her full power Marvel Captain
Marvel starts out the movie as like a
badass quasi soup
soldier firstly okay and then the second
part of the movie after her mind-reading
struggle she single-handedly takes on an
entire ship full of people and like ends
up destroying the entire ship like she
breaks out of her own captivity kills
every single [ __ ] alien in there gets
her whole [ __ ] uniform back blows out
a massive [ __ ] hole no ship destroys
ocean and then it's like she everybody
feels insanely [ __ ] powerful right at
the start of the movie like right there
she's already like [ __ ] kicking
everybody's ass and it's like okay
I don't know like it just didn't they
just never felt like she ever like had
like a struggle at all he was just like
she was always like super [ __ ]
powerful you know it's a journey within
her own mind yeah but like does she does
she really changed that much and then um
does she really change that much like
within her own mind
assuming all this you must hate all
Superman movies right I probably would I
don't know not watch they were enemies
cuz he seems got really boring here
under me another good example is the
Logan movie - oh where he meets the one
guy in the beginning he gets his ass
kicked and then it has to find him again
and kind of yeah I'm trying to think of
I can think of a better character that
had a better internal struggle that
resolved itself
the protagonist in Jason and Halloween
other horror movies - oh they're strange
examples in relation to what you're
referring to
they don't have powers but extreme
mental what fortitude Oh ventually
overcome the obstacles to defeat the
murderer yeah that's that's actually
typically true usually like once the
main cast starts getting killed off the
female lead and then the male boyfriend
or whatever we'll figure out some
weakness of the enemy character like for
Freddy Krueger it's like to not fear him
and then for Jason I think it's like to
learn him back to camp retirees when I
want a tier one subscriber does racing
Ram is pretty boring hero compared to
Batman when you're all-powerful without
any real chance of losing it's hard to
get invest in that character yeah sure
aren't all the best Marvel movie some
ones that don't follow the trope I mean
I think that this trope is largely
positive I remember when our soldiers
much-feared of the Thurman argument it's
not even adjust my bad storytelling
using yeah I've know the Third Army in
time yeah what about it
Marvel being super strong so she doesn't
need to struggle I don't know if it's a
thermia not you and I think is just bad
writing what is a good internal struggle
there's gotta be like an anime or
something
[Music]
Captain Marvel felt like a shitty
version of The Bourne Identity
what about Jason Bourne's journey I
don't know if Jason Bourne is like a
hero's journey type thing Jesus I don't
know if GI like Jesus Christ is a hero's
good internal struggle struggle between
my hand and my meat I don't think in
Death Note I don't think Death Note was
a hero's journey either I think that's I
think the structure that move enemy is
different there is a whole country
dedicated to making shows with these
types of stories
ayy a clap Oh Metal Gear Solid 3 is a
really good example where you like the
person you have to overcome is the boss
or is a big boss no it said the boss
right what do you say your opinion
Kendra was I didn't like the I didn't
like Captain Marvel because I didn't
feel like she struggled at all during
the entire movie and it just makes
everything feel really cheap to me I
don't feel like there's any payoff at
the end when that when the main
character beats the main villain when
there is like when it doesn't feel like
they ever struggle at any point like
Captain Marvel is literally invincible
throughout the entire movie the audience
is supposed to struggle trying to
identify Captain Marvel's travel okay
the message at the end is that she
doesn't have to prove anything to him
that she's done proving herself to the
men around her that she's had to do her
whole life we just haven't heard back
straight you think that's an acceptable
reason to break the trope I mean no I
mean like maybe at the very least she
should have been able to use her powers
with her hands until she like broke free
of their control but like even at that
she had access to almost her full powers
like the entire time where I mean I
guess she gets even stronger at the end
like yeah destiny just hates women
superheroes yeah maybe actually I kind
of wonder if people are scared to write
women that are that have to struggle
like a superhero so I kind of wonder if
that's like a concern like they don't
want to show like a woman struggling
because they're worried that it would
like I'm not sure if there's if that's
like a thing that's going on in the back
of her head I don't really know because
like I look at like Rey is like a good
example to like a really shitty written
character that just has no [ __ ] like
it's way too [ __ ] strong way to like
her kid is so loaded from the very
beginning
and it's like insanely horrible I'm not
sure oh I'm trying to think of Wonder
Woman
did I feel like did Wonder Woman
struggle at all in her movie I'm trying
to think wasn't she like super strong
like all the time doesn't she like
literally like doesn't she like walk
into like a [ __ ] machine gun fire
with her shield and [ __ ]
and like just [ __ ] everything up here
like does she does she ever like in
danger at any point
huh why do you need the characters to
struggle because you want to see them
overcome something at the end that's the
payoff that's what the payoff comes from
the movie should we avoid the term
MarySue yeah that's a fine term Mary Sue
or Gary still I mean there are male
characters that I've Gary's dues as well
I'm sure I can't think about time I just
can't think of any right now I'm sure
there are like male I mean the Black
Panther guy was like really [ __ ]
strong they're all I don't understand
the point of like showing characters
that are like really [ __ ] strong
right at the start of the movie like
they have nowhere to go unless they like
lose their powers for some reasons like
The Dark Knight Rises is it good like he
starts really strong but there's
somebody that's way stronger than he
falls on us to climb back oh so low in
the in the Han Solo Miley Cyrus Miley
Cyrus Miley Cyrus Wonder Woman's
struggle was supposed to be an internal
one in that violence was inherent to man
and not something she could punch to
death like Aries but it was ruined by
the third act when she punched areas to
death oh yeah I'm sorry
so low in the in the Han Solo movie
isn't is another good example of a
character that's way over tuned the
entire movie really boring I didn't like
that at all either I well I thought that
the solo movie was gonna be like how Han
Solo I came to be like a good pilot and
came to like be like a smooth-talking
wisecracking dude but instead it was
literally like he starts off as a kid
that's already like really skilled and
then it's like two years later after
he's been a pilot and now he's a really
good pals like what the [ __ ] I thought I
was supposed to learn all of this here I
thought that was like really shittily
done what about Deadpool um dead
Deadpool ironically doesn't okay job
doesn't it well that's more of like a
comedy movie but even that does like an
okay job doesn't it cuz he like it goes
through him like getting his powers and
everything and being kind of [ __ ] on
them is it acceptable that a lot of the
lord of the ring characters were Gary
Stu's
[Music]
yeah like elf dude and dwarf dude are
always like super strong
Aragorn doesn't really develop who's the
me I have to rewatch Lord of the Ring
movies because I really like those
movies but I'm trying to wonder why I
didn't like him that much for the first
time I watched him and then the second
time I watched him I really liked him
and I'm not sure yeah I mean like
Aragorn changed I feel like Aragorn I
feel like ever going did change even if
you don't see like direct struggles like
because our going in the beginning and
like the first movie is basically like a
dejected like rogue dude that literally
doesn't give a [ __ ] about anybody right
like that's this kind of thing he just
like is whatever like I'm just a dude I
don't care and then by the end he's like
I'm the king and I have to I have the
responsibility to rule over everybody
and like these people are like I'm
shepherding or whatever like they're my
responsibility like it isn't that kind
of like aragorn's journey just use my
razor I don't I miss watching movies
yeah [ __ ] I wish I could get like my
shad rebuilt so I got up like a second
chair out for movies
[Music]
