- one hello everybody welcome to have
dice and man
nokey introduces we're live we do it do
it live quite booth you bring us in here
last we left the party they were in a
frosty climate they had just fought an
ice elemental nevets had been knocked to
the ground and knocked out the party has
a scout you are headed to tre up to look
for some sort of wizard something with a
magical item that should be producing
the cold in this area and recovering it
for the family for which you will be
well rewarded that is where we left our
party so why don't we do some quick
introductions and run around the table
Lily Pete you how are you doing today
I'm doing fantastic thank you for asking
Wow yeah I guess donut today I feel very
good I hope she is my new mom she's Toki
in and out of the game your life
intelligence is the same as Lenny's and
so she has to feed me scone she feed me
donut it's good that someone's looking
out for you yeah someone asked you right
mr. Mouton how are you doing what about
you Stephen what's up how you doing are
you read you're so excited you just you
don't even have time to sleep that's
where I'm at right now I'm just loving
every moment of life so much I just
can't I want to miss a moment of it so
I've just been up constantly
I slept about an hour and a half so I'm
so excited to this manifesto Andy the
doughnuts treating me fine you know what
doughnut isn't treating me okay catering
all right gets clipping so hard if
they're all during this thing that that
thing has to plug into something's got
to be a gain knob somewhere okay okay
just keep going and I'm gonna I'm gonna
message that and ask him how to turn
down the game okay cool cool so we've
got our party we know where we are what
we're doing so let's hop
to game turn on some of our chi'lan
music and see where you guys are gonna
go I do believe we were last at the site
of this battlefield nevets is down and
has made his death saving throws yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah that's really good
save so yeah good good one guys
great so nevus is still unconscious is
it did you throw down an actual healing
spell I did I believe I mean it doesn't
I'm scrolling I don't see one oh yeah I
honestly I'm not to go I lemmya but good
one
okay Torino what do you not remember
yeah I'm gonna I'll use killed there we
go well that's five you're welcome
all right now it's is awake and at 5 HP
laying in the snow cool the defeated
snow elemental is just kind of small
lumps of stuff around you and a little
bit of a mist in the air Oh
Nivens y-you take nap oh we have to keep
going happens brushes his head's off a
head off Anna stands shakily on his
knees ready to continue sorry Lenny uh
Toki
he looked weak maybe toss him another
touch him again how many how many spells
do you oh wait I think Albert's coming
to fix my mic um I uh how many spells
you have left mm-hmm
miss Toki like force lots of level ones
I could I could expend another one it
could
what do you mean what do you mean slots
Tokyo dude I'm like give me more times
you know at this oh yeah your body my
live a bond so I'll cure wounds nevets
okay thank you so much it's clapping
Albert its bumped up OH
message from ik tacky this is episode 10
thanks guys yeah just you went too far
wait may bring the mic away closer no
far no no bring the mic away closer no
hello
wait did you turn it up again before you
move my closer I don't know sounds good
yeah you're getting better is it good
turn it turn it in a little bit more
still clipping you have to talk why you
been quiet why we can't hear you
k torino do you have a compressor turned
to like 7000 percent on this there's
some sort of mr. moon don't ever [ __ ]
do that on my stream again don't ever
dab try turning down a little bit more
yeah okay can you speak in a catering a
volume hello okay how's it going this is
good okay good thank you
Albert thank you can you give Albert a
big high five for me that's how we talk
high five high five them please yes oh
no oh no oh it was cringe Oh Oh God oh
no I'm cringing Oh God
[Laughter]
but by Albert thank you okay thanks good
job guys thank you we can carry on yeah
all right
quickly turnip come scurrying over to
the lot of you hey that was a tense
we're almost there
can you guys keep going today that was
nothing turnip wait until wait until the
bad guys turn up on us turnip add five
more HP oh yeah never looks around it a
little bit incredulously and agrees
yeah let's continue you guys can move
another hex for the day at which point
the large mountainous wall of the crater
comes into view and this is turnips cue
to get the [ __ ] out of Dodge point to
the large mountains on the distance and
say well that's where you going and now
that you can see it I think it's time
for me to head home you definitely don't
need me from here on out right right
tell me you don't need me he's pointing
us is he pointing us directly to where
we need to go
no he's just pointing you to this large
crater system over here which it's
difficult to navigate to if you don't
know the area but once you have with
inside of it you can't lose it so he
wants to bounce anyway obviously forgot
what turnip is so halfling cuz your
halfling guide how we here to get you to
the place how we reasonably were
supposed to get back well just head
north eventually you'll make sure you
get out of the frosty area and you can
find your way home from there right no
no no sure you're supposed to take us
there yeah I'm I don't know we weren't
told that you'd take us half here we
were told us that you'd take us there
there do we look there to you okay okay
I'll get you the cliffs I'll get you the
cliffs no no no you'll take us all the
way I don't know where you're going all
he knows how we'd wait to this we're
gonna third trip Lenny Jesus what good
that's good Lenny has no idea what
happened
it's all right big fella probably don't
get there very often anyway yeah I mean
we're fine we can do whatever it's okay
roll this guy's I want to see his
hotness 6 plus 6 plus 2 14 okay damn I
don't remember
DAF sounds pretty close by 14 other one
out of 18 Wow
Mike Rugg skills 14 is as hot as your
grub skillet how hot is Lenny isn't
Lenny pretty hot I think it was like I
wanna seems a 12 or 14 okay member
though it should be on your character
sheet somewhere
should I only seek grub score which is
the issue I just hear me kaki as ax I
don't think we I don't think we were
smart enough to write it down I'll look
for it in the wiki okay well the Sun is
going down for the day so you can camp
here and in the morning you can approach
the crater zone which is what happens
no more encounters that evening you wake
up in the morning it is a blustery day
winds are blowing snow up and all around
you guys your visibility is reduced to
just a couple miles so can I think that
you pass up a hit a couple head lice
well yes you may expect it dice 3/5 eat
Jesus okay on a fourteen hotness or the
same
okay right well with the wind at your
backs
turnip will lead you to the mountains
there's a bit of a struggle to make any
progress with lots of holes opening
below you your foot can plunging through
a hard pack snow in the top to soft pack
snow below but with Lennie at the front
sort of clearing a path for you in
compressing things you can make it to
the crater zone to reach the rising
mountains turnip looks at you guys with
his hand resting on it because okay I've
got you here
there's nothing else you need right go
back now what if you don't you leave how
are we gonna get back just go north
you'll run into some woods eventually
and then you'll find a road or city or
something which way north that way he
says any points north warden
do you've a compass no you just use that
that old noggin of yours turn up
well when the stars come out at night
you look up to the sky and you just
follow the constellations can you teach
me how to do that yes he says we are
March 15 12 mm-hmm I'm gonna send you a
link Kate Erina wait wait we really got
all the way to March yeah it is
March 5th Jay whoa okay I thought when
we accepted this winter mission it was
the 21st of February but I guess I think
we stayed yeah but it takes days to
travel over here and everything okay
yeah one much wet day okay are we square
with our rent and everything I believe
you paid it before you left
we'll check everything and worry about
it later okay cool well I'm bringing
this up because I don't want to come
back and it's like okay you guys get
back and you find that your place has a
big eviction sign board it up in the
front
they found the lantern who's making sure
so hey Torino if you see that link that
I put in discord if you click on March
at the bottom of it that is what the
night sky is going to look like for you
I mean if you click the little labels
mark in the lower left hand corner you
can see these specific constellations of
the Gods so he says if you get up at the
early dawn or you stay up just after the
Sun Goes Down you'll be able to see
stars in the sky look for the
constellation of salt and head in that
direction will be found without him I
know how to do this now and yeah okay
thank you
let's go all right he leaves and
disappears on you and to the blowing
snow you guys are on the outside of a
large crater rim you could scale it it
would be slow going but it's feasible to
do we did bring climbing gear let me go
yeah there are repaired
winds and snows at your back and you
know that inside a trap somewhere on the
edge on the southern side is this place
that you're supposed to be going to this
place that was spotted by little bits of
smoke rising from chimneys that you
couldn't make out the buildings on and
that there were snow that came to life
and attacked people within the area hmm
didn't happen to us that's the way Tim
I'm gonna roll one hit day um for last
night okay how is old Daffy doing
Daffy boy he's great
miss Toki I'm very hungry
um can I have scone can you make one now
I can't make us clone right now but you
know what if you grab some snow and like
pack it in real tight and like close
your eyes and eat it you can pretend
it's gone money the power of your
imagination okay Lenny will grab snow
pack it and attempt to eat it
give me a grub skill check while you
close your eyes to see if you can
imagine it being a scone 2020 plus my
grubs girl can I can I start playing
music to encourage him to like it more
absolutely play for us I'm gonna play
just eat it by Weird Al Yankovic oh wow
coming in with the controversial Lenny
has a heart attack and dies wait wait
what happened what is the role of
thirty-minute grumps controlling system
is that good yeah yeah it means he can
imagine that he's actually eating a
scone and I and I can well performance
right cuz I helped yeah that's a 24 you
love that Lenny is so happy right now
yeah you're really imagining it I'm like
describing the taste you warm on the
inside so good mr. Oki you want a bite
no it's all free no no no I insist no
okay I'll take a bite Lenny lets me take
a bite I want to I want to keep playing
and play harder because mmm good bread
I want Toki to like it oh yeah I'm
really imagining you know yup you want
another bite then you sounds I'm good
Lenny stones yours okay you like it
wait you didn't even roll for grub
Laureles a grub skill Toki see if you
can also imagine that it's a scone
oh you know it's ice but isn't one the
twenty-plus wouldn't she wore this
advantage your drug skill is 1100 so one
day only one day twenty plus eleven yep
I look at the wiki and it's at eleven
I'm sorry Kevin
Choki you it's it's just a [ __ ] wall
of snow there's no way around it
wait wait but I I playing music for her
well if you're playing music then she
rolls it at advantage which still
produces a sub 21 role which is what
you're going for here with this
particular check so Toki it's just a
snowball yeah entertaining money you
know yeah money
letting can taste the the SCOTUS in it
though his imagination is that rampant
and wild but I think we've digressed
somewhat from our goals here you're
still at the base of this crater looking
up the the walls climb many hundreds of
feet and get lost in the blowing snows
that obscure the sky mm-hmm what do you
guys want to do where do you want to go
how do you want to approach this um I
mean we need to climb in don't we we
have to climb you do would you like to
climb in right here you know that you
want to end up on the south side of this
Ridge so I don't know if you want to
climb on this and then run down the
ridge go on the inside and cruise around
in the middle come along autumn approach
from there there's a lot of methods to
the madness well let's consider two
things mm-hmm this place is probably
pretty heavily protected I'm pretty
heavily guarded so the closer we get to
the bottom the more likely we probably
the higher chance of getting ambushed or
of we have to as soon as we get down
there we have to cover our tracks
so maybe we should go around but also
you might have clues or maybe maybe find
it we might find clues if we if we walk
around down there so should we risk it
or should we play safe someone live here
there must be Road inside I think it'd
be even though it would take us
longer anyroad we go inside it's gonna
be more heavily defended than around a
random mountain overpass probably make
more sense to climb up the mountains
then take a single path leading into the
crater if anything was going to be
defended it would be that path I'm a
good climber
so we climb here we just climb yeah you
know what let's do it all right
the party can scale the trees no oh no
no that's why not unless I'm mistaken I
believe that spell only lasts for an
hour yeah to get from here to here from
one axis is five miles and in these
conditions you can go about two hexes a
day so maybe we should only conceal our
steps when we're leaving well we only
need to worry about concealing our steps
want one we're really close
I don't know how Corbett plays as well
but I find it very hard to imagine that
we're leaving tracks right now that are
traceable if we're like in a windy like
snowy area these have to be covered in a
matter of like if not minutes hours
absolutely yeah okay let's just walk
around and um we'll cast it when we get
close and we definitely want it on the
way back - is it a level two spell yes
yeah so we only have a few casts of it
as well so you want to do this ahead
along the the sides of it and then no we
want to go down I think right we want to
go this way climb right you're coming up
it now all right so you prime it without
too much problem it'll take you maybe an
hour or so to climb the five hundred
feet it's a lot of switch backing and
helping up the shorter people who just
can't reach as high but at the end of
the hour or so you arrive at the top of
this cliff the wind blows up from behind
you and then still kind of goes up a
little bit kind of leaving a clearish
view down in atreya and this like
depression in the middle of it you can
see a large
Lake that is steaming with heat and a
small forest that surrounds the lake you
see no other buildings or structures
although from your height you can see
all the way across to the other side
you've got a good view of everything
around you
well we're on top of this can we see
like an obvious camp either smoke rising
from somewhere or someplace with like a
some kind of camp set up or anything
give me perception checks or one
perception check off the party cheat
sheet wait what is the I 5 bonus to it
Oh a party sheet should have the party
she is 400 you guys leveled maybe the
things in the party sheet needs to be
increased all right now meters romantic
please do wait anyone I'm higher than a
5 on perception don't talk he might oh
she might do you Toki no not a real man
okay thanks yeah from here you can't see
any camps or anything also I don't know
if this would make a difference you can
tell me for my eye for detail if there
was like a like a hidden camp assuming
non-magical hiding would something like
this help me spot this or no like if it
was like camouflage to some extent I
don't know if there's a plan of magical
stuff and what is action to make a
wisdom check to spot hidden creature
object or to make an intelligence check
to uncover or decipher clues no I think
this is more of like being able to
notice things in the middle of a fray
okay cuz normally it would take like an
action to search for a hidden creature
in the middle of a battle and with you
you can do it quickly quietly okay who's
drawing dicks on my board mouton is that
you there's someone else who's draw a
LinkedIn what are you doing it's not
what Jeff would have done Jesus
oh my god okay always trying to hide it
you know
okay so we are traveling along the
mountain yeah
everywhere we go along the edge of the
mountain or are you gonna go down into
the crater I think we should travel
along the edge of the mountain it gives
us a good vantage point of everything
okay if it is that if deaf a great staff
is ultimate okay yeah all right you can
travel one more hex along the edge of
the mountains today again not really
seeing anything other than the wind
blowing and it always seems to make this
like hazy thing over at rheya the the
inside of the crater seems to usually be
pretty clear with just the winds
knocking snow and debris around on the
outsides and above mm-hmm vantage point
you still see nothing other than the
smoking lake steaming lake it's not
mayflies that's the end of that day you
guys can make camp along the ridge okay
are you gonna set watches tonight yeah
yeah is your watch order lenny third
uncle second I'll go first
I'll go fourth I guess so Kate Lily
Mouton nevets all right
ned 'it's on your watch can you make me
a perception jack Wendy fantastic so
while you are on the outside of the camp
which is now sort of covered with a fine
layer of snow making blendin quite well
you hear the sound of crunching and
rolling and crunching like someone
driving a vehicle through the snow so
we're like the tops of the mountains
camping out correct and I hear like a
traveling cart basically yeah this sort
like crunching sound like a consistent
crunch not like a step step step but
like a wheel consistently crunching how
far away do I think this is right now Oh
maybe a couple hundred feet the snow
really does dampen sound so I won't
travel that far but this is a-okay
I went ahead or I guess I mean I'm
basically at camp I'll kind of like
shake daffy away a little bit shake Taff
awake a little bit hey deaf I think I
hear something I'm gonna go and
investigate but I'll be right back okay
you can help hopefully not I'll be back
don't worry I'm sneaky okay I want to UM
I want to keep an eye on him and if he
goes out of sight to trail behind them
really deaf deaf I really think you
should stay here
I can sneak around very well and then
I'll be back and I'll let you know if I
give up
you have a way to contact us if you need
us I'm all be absolutely fine so far
promise let me go back to sleep you're
talking donkey listen if you need
anything
nevets uh-huh I'll give you a shot okay
all right say no the shout was very
important to come I'll say cook ah okay
all you want okay I want to get up ahead
I know birds that I want to head up and
swallow towards the sound before it gets
out of range before I gets out of range
can i still hear it yes okay you can
still hear it
I want to can I like stealthily approach
the sound yeah you can follow after the
sound without too much problem you get
to you come down the mountain range
maybe 100 feet or so where you can look
down into a particular valley made by
the formation of the hills here
and you see at the base of the valley is
this like giant ball of snow that is
sort of rolling in one direction and
there seems to be two more balls of snow
stacked on top of it that don't seem to
move but the bottom one does it's down
in this valley and it's kind of up
against the edge of it
like it's trying to roll forward and is
sort of stuck like it's trying to roll
forward but it's sort of stuck can I see
the trail that it traveled through kind
of for a little bit most of it gets
obscured by the blowing wind but you can
see that there's this this trail that
leads out and sort of towards the lake
for a few hundred feet before vanishing
does it look like it's it when I in
terms of like looking where it was
before it hit the wall or whatever does
it look like it was traveling more or
less in a straight line yeah more left
some straight line okay on the map it
looks like it was doing something like
this maybe gotcha okay
can I can I can I put myself where I
believe behind that snowman would be you
would have to go so you're up on the
ridge so the snowman's down in a canyon
so if you want to go all the way down
and behind it you may okay I would have
to be done elevation is it is it
possible that I could put myself up to
the six o'clock of the Snowman guy
without going down into the canyon just
so that I'm like no no no yeah let me I
will give us a better doodle so we know
we're working with you okay if this is
the ridge you're on the snow man
creature has come that direction and
there's maybe like a you know this sort
of has some features to it on the inside
that's terrible
okay well let me know sighs this
question so trended like this is it
reasonable for me to remember more or
less the direction that he's headed to
some reasonable degree of accuracy
because I was gonna try to get behind a
market but is it reasonable for me to
remember like this is the direction that
he's aiming to some degree of accuracy
she's going South by southeast
you've got good accuracy on that yep
okay
cool III note note eight out of my mind
I guess I just did note it in my mind
and then I head back to camp
alright do you return to camp dad still
wake I'm sure what did you find it looks
like there's another one of those snow
elemental things heading south just like
south southeast right now I'm not sure
where it's going or what it means but
maybe when we wake up maybe it'll help
us find exactly where it is we're
supposed to be going wait it's going
South by southeast yeah and we're south
of the crater right yourself mm-hmm
maybe we should uh maybe we should
follow it may be useful well he's kind
of like running into a wall right now he
doesn't seem like the brightest feller
so I'm not sure how long he's gonna be
stuck down there if you want I can go
keep watch of it over for maybe an hour
too and see if anything changes and if
not I'll just come here wait why is he
running into a wall maybe it's blocking
his way
yeah maybe he's driven that in a certain
direction maybe he's being called to
exactly what we're looking for maybe if
we set him on the right path he'll lead
us what is it exactly to this
it's possible it's also possible he was
summoned from it and then driven away
from it the orb were looking for is
supposed to be in the opposite direction
he's coming from but coming from well
he's heading south
no no he's headed south and then to the
north of us down in that crater is where
we think the Orbis unless the orbits
outside of the crater which was a year
wait is that quick wait am I wrong you I
don't know why I can't oh oh right here
right yeah are interesting our
understanding is that the orb from the
intelligence we've gathered is supposed
to be inside the crater in the southern
part inside the crater right yes the
Snowman is headed away from that he's
headed south yeah towards it looks like
outside the mountains yeah oh okay so
it's possible he was summoned from there
and then maybe though okay
sorry I missed maybe he's being
mind-controlled it's possible I'll go
keep an eye on him for a couple hours
I'll report back if anything changes and
then in the morning we'll continue on
where we were all right can I go back
and just keep an eye on the snow guy for
like a couple hours yeah you watch for a
couple hours until the Sun rises since
we had last watch and the snow man
doesn't really move other than trying to
move forward and being stuck like a
Roomba in a corner mm-hmm sunrises can I
um from 320 feet away could I just take
a shot with my short bow what's the
range on your short bow the max range is
320 the effective is up to 80 or
whatever like with a normal right so
yeah you are let's see your clips are
about 500 feet high you might be able to
get to the lower point at 320 it would
be a little bit of a trek down the hill
then you can take your shot
and track back up the hill okay um can I
try that yeah you want to scamper down
do you do this by yourself yeah I just
want to see if the snow elemental reacts
perfect for do I see any odd structures
around me given that we've already ran
into one pile of snow
turned out to be a snow elemental do I
see anything like that around me give me
a perception check while you scan the
area I'm looking for something out of
place and nothing else looks like that
around here
okay I'll just take a take a shot 12 a
12 will sail into the snow creature and
sort of like land gently in it buffered
by the wind so it doesn't really hit
very hard doing no damage creature
stops its movement so it's forward
momentum and starts like turning side to
side as if it's scanning an area okay
could I like scamper back up the hill
and just keep an eye on it to how it
responds yeah just scamper up the hill
creature doesn't seem to notice you
mm-hmm and after by the time you get to
the top of the hill the creature turns
around and starts heading back in the
other direction back where it came from
or back towards the wall back where it
came from
okay can I run towards my party he's
moving it like a moderate pace he's not
like running or like like a machine like
tearing through this snow like Sonic or
something right he's moving it like
three-quarters of a human walking pace
okay a nice steady progression okay can
I run back to hi party and wake them up
and tell them that we should go mmhmm
yeah the rest of the parties awake by
now the Sun has come up yeah hey guys
listen we can make breakfast well no I
don't want your breakfast I just wanna
get up and go we should follow the
snowman back I want to eat will he later
Lenny it'll be a delicious meal I
promise you're gonna eat on the way Hey
all right you grab the party and chase
after the snowbound creature by the time
you get back to the place that you can
see it you can pretty much only see its
trail the rest of the creature has gone
and lost itself in the area around you
it camouflages very well but you can
pick up the trail quite quickly if you
can scamper down the hillside fast okay
yeah can I try that sure
[Music]
why don't we all make me at lytx or
acrobatics checks to see if you can get
down the hillside quickly without
drawing a lot of attention well we get
to choose going oh that's so sweet good
Chuck it's nice to you now so I can
abuse you later abused me daddy okay
i-i've at the bottom of the hill there
is the track made by the rolling
creature it heads towards the lake a
little bit and then goes horizontal and
heads right do s yeah can we follow this
follow the trail to why we follow
snowman why are we following this I
don't know maybe is it right now it's
headed in the general direction we'd
expect that orb to be right yep yeah
yeah maybe he'll lead us to the orbit it
could be a century created by the man
who's holding the orb
yeah or maybe it's some spirit that is
reacting with it in some way I think you
just wanted snowballs Toki Toki might
Toki give me a nature check your very
best nature check 14 so snow elementals
are one of a couple possibilities there
are four elemental planes earth air
water and fire so snow elemental could
be a creature from the elemental plane
of water that is just trapped in frozen
water snow or it could be maybe some
sort of hybrid creature between the
plains of air and water since they
overlap and that sort of region and on
the border plane there might have
pockets of chilled or cold areas so it
could be some sort of border elemental
creature it could just be a mindless
construct that is made of snow instead
of being made of rock or wood or
whatever it could be a lot of different
things but those like the three main
things it could be okay do we know this
Toki No
how'd that come to be how they come to
exist mm-hmm yeah they it's possible for
elementals to find their way into the
prime material plane no one really knows
how they do it but it happens regularly
enough that there's a natural way for
elementals to cross between but more
commonly they are summoned or conjured
or bound somehow to something else so
naturally occurring or wizard created
spell caster created more question in
the demon world so do we know we're in
the prime material plane because the
stars show is that like the gas behind
it this is your world right world yes
pretty much yeah anyway you follow the
patterns in the snow for half the day
and then they come to a sudden and
abrupt stop you can see the stone in a
rough spot stop from about a hundred
feet away or so but the the tracks run
forward producing like a little bit of a
wake and a little bit of a mound on
either side where the ball rolls and
then all of a sudden complete and utter
stop with no sign of the creature the
tracks come to a complete utter stop
with no sign of the creature yes what do
we see around do we see anything you're
still about 80 feet back but it looks
just like the creature disappeared
vanished into thin air was abducted by
aliens that's just the rolling rolling
rolling and then a perfect wall of it
didn't move past this point does it look
like there are if I scan the horizon in
both directions does it look like
there's any other odd cutoff like maybe
there might be like a dune of snow that
has like a stranger sharp drop off at
that point or maybe like a tree sticking
out or something like that
great questioning give me a perception
check see if you can pull out any of
those details yeah there is a little
something else weird there's a noose
crabbit like a thin forest that
stretches by the lake kind of towards
the hills and there is a bit of like in
a
miss to the end of it almost almost like
someone has carved a circle out of the
forest and on the inside of that there
are no trees it's a very straight
treeline I guess I stopped the party for
a second or probably stopped I think
it's possible that there might be an
illusory curtain in front of us there
could be more than what we're actually
seeing I don't know if either of you two
and I know the good efforts we are able
to pierce this veil or do we have to
actually approach it and enter with
detect magic that might is that's a
spell slots ball right if I shoot an
arrow like 90 yards what should i
recently be able to see that where that
arrow lands right now or yeah okay see
if it crosses over that hundred foot
mark yeah can I can I like aim that
arrow um kind of like like I don't want
to just like sail in but can I aim that
arrow like so that it's like going like
it so say we're all 80 feet away from
where I would expect it to end and I
shoot it like maybe 90 feet or 90 yards
or whatever in yes you wanna like arc it
up and down so it doesn't cross too far
in yeah perfect you take a shot and sure
enough as soon as the arrow crosses this
legendary line it just vanishes okay all
right we need to decide how we're gonna
do this it seems there's some magical
curtain that's been pulled in front that
prevents us from seeing past anything we
have no idea what lies on the other end
well there's no point in detecting magic
we already know there's a magical
barrier right yeah yes make sense to me
yeah I'm real quick I'm just I don't
know the rules on this um apparently you
can cast a tech magic as a ritual and it
doesn't consume a spell slot is that
true that's correct
it just takes 10 minutes to do yeah well
we don't there's no there's literally no
reason in casting what will does detect
magic let you see through like magical
barriers or something or it will allow
you to sense the presence of magic
within 30 feet of you so you'd have to
get close to do it does it tell you
that's cool too
[Music]
traits most barriers and you learn at
school of magic oh it does penetrate
barriers like it'll see magic through
like cloth or wood maybe we ourselves
and snow and that's our camouflage and
we go in we've rolled in a spell called
disguise self what can you disguise
yourself as death oh I'm pretty sure
like anything you know actually maybe we
should save our resources I'll just try
to go up and see if I can glimpse inside
pass this veil and then I'll come back
and report what I find sure okay can I
like and the sneakiest matter possible
moving close to the ground like try to
approach where I would imagine this
curtain would be yes you can go ahead
and make me a stealth check if you want
to do it extra careful you can double
the time that you take to do it and make
me a self checkout advantage sure I'll
do the stuff check out advantage right
you can sneak forward along the snow
keeping sure to be low add a little bit
of snow on your back so nothing is gonna
see you it's gonna blend right in you
make it up to this invisible curtain and
poke your head through first okay wait
no the first thing I want to do is I
want to take an arrow
nice try koib okay I'll just want to
take one of my arrows out and like put
it in the curtain and then kind of like
pull it back to make sure that it's
still material and home it is material
and hole okay and then I would like to
put my pinky finger through put it in
and then pull it back and make sure that
it's still material at home seems fine
material little hole okay
I'm never playing D&D with you again of
this chops my [ __ ] head off i plug my
head through and I just make sure that I
can take a look on the other side you
can look on the other side with no
problems okay
through the veil you can see a tall
white tower stretches maybe you five or
six floors up off the ground there are
windows placed throughout it sort of
haphazardly not always at floor markings
mm-hmm
the base of it is a larger structure not
the 50 foot wide Tower but maybe a
hundred foot wide single story building
the large entrance in it and two rolling
snowmen tight balls on either side of
the entrance gotcha
no crisis from the top of the tower
indicating presence inside of fires
burning
is there any way when I look in here if
I pull my head I look out I don't see
that other crew that was supposed to be
here do I have they made any progress
here or do I see anything you have seen
no sign of them okay call just checking
all right looking back how far away from
this area is the tower how far for me
the tower is a thousand feet ish broken
wall gotcha
and then those two big snow guys are
just chillin at the front basically
chillin okay I kind of like wait my
tracks from the one that you saw run
right into the tower actually I would
like to like wave my hand and my
partying kind of like motion for them to
come towards the curtain I send his pass
without trace before we like go further
hmmm I think we should hold on to our
spells for now we're within a thousand
feet the stealth checks from everybody
but nevets please Oh does it matter does
it matter if we if we use casts without
trace before we leave I feel like that
won't matter stone over matters now
cuz not my kind of thing alright that's
why I do this sneakin okay alright well
the party has brought themselves up to
the curtain why don't we take our first
break here dice and men you are in the
frozen wastes of a TRAI nevets has
looked through the veil seen two snowman
guards on a tower with a large structure
at the bottom of it signaled for the
rest of the team to approach and they
kind of stomped forward in your
direction being like what what's over
there wait thus the snow lyrical things
going for no no nothin party with their
stealth checks of 9 4 & 9 as you kind of
poke back towards the tower you can see
one of the snowman Guardians has started
rolling its way towards you I can go or
no a thousand feet in a couple minutes
think you can go 120 yards in a minute
if they're going like 75 percent of your
speed let's say they're going 90 yards a
minute so three minutes to get here um
no more than that so since they failed
that stealth snack it's a stealth check
of getting into the curls mm-hmm is
there um what is the terrain inside the
circles are basically more or less like
a flat plains snowy flat ground maybe
some rises and falls to it here and
there okay
can we can I try having us the party
move on like a like laterally like on a
transverse so like if they're on the if
they're in the center of the circle and
we're on the outside we move along the
edge of the circle basically to see if
the snowman is like honed in on us and
following us or to see if it continues
heading in that straight line towards
where the sound originally came from
sure can I do that can we do that in a
separate stealth check or does the first
if yeah if you guys are going to restock
yourselves and are alerted to the fact
that's been alerting to your presence
and change the way that you move
appreciably then yes like everyone
starts crawling or something like give
me some how
you want to change the way that you're
removing that snow to justify a new
check so basically now that we have come
in here directly now that they can see
the tower now that they can they should
be able to see the snow creatures like
now that they have a better idea of
where they're in or what's going on we
should all be able to kind of like
huddle and then like move laterally to
see if we can avoid the the incoming
snow elemental okay give me new stealth
checks everybody 10:13 thanks I rolled a
to 1:13 last one five you guys begin to
move laterally and after the first
couple hundred feet the snowmen doesn't
seem to change his direction
he continues to head in the same spot
where you guys were before mm-hmm and
maybe five or six minutes pass and the
Snowman comes up to the edge of the veil
and its head looks down and then it
begins to follow the tracks that Letty
main has he like trudge to snow he's a
big star barian you know sneaking
through the snow isn't exactly his forte
okay
snowman begins to come along your track
so you can see it's no five minutes
behind you so as we see him like kind of
like following us do we see the other
snowman is he the other snowman has
staying guard and has not moved it
continues to sort of churn in place okay
I say to the team okay listen he's
following our tracks I think that all
four of us should slightly split up and
then when it comes to our split up then
we all come back and attack him we
basically set up like a small kind of
ambush yeah let's do it good idea nevets
okay the other snowman is is quite a
ways away so we should be able to
dispatch this snow elemental before the
other one catches up to us maybe I stay
at ready attack so he targets me first
sure yeah if you want to do that Lenny
yeah that's fine yeah Lenny will ready a
Dodge red defensive or actually um we
have in the middle we have about five
minutes is it possible that um in five
minutes okay
so okay I'm describing this now but
obviously and the time to be quick
foot prints are all leading from left to
right right in a single line or I'm
sorry from left right in a single line
can we have Lenny walk like towards
where you wait wait can I draw this on
the thing yeah
doodle and when you said you wanted to
go transverse did you want to go towards
the lake or away from the lake
and your transverse pattern away from
the lake okay okay so Lenny okay Lenny
would be making um wait ignore that line
Lenny is making foot tracks okay like
this right mm-hmm okay can we have Lenny
come back and then put him here and just
kind of like bury him in a bit of snow
and then cover these tracks so the idea
would be that the Snowman would be
walking this way and then the Snowman
should stop here and then Lenny would
come out and in a big heroic barbaric
charge would kind of attack him
well would let me be able to comprehend
all that yeah we would just say Lenny
we're just gonna kind of cover you up in
the snow and then when the Snowman gets
over here just run out and attack him I
will come out ball come on help you yeah
I think Lenny could comprehend that and
where is the rest of party during this
all of us will move about like 20 feet
away from this spot or actually I'll
move about 20 feet away from that spot
and then I'll kind of like whatever like
what are the spiders do in the sand
where they go to like cover themselves
yeah like that yeah yeah basically that
yeah all right so you're all going to
spread out and cover yourselves in snow
and the snow man comes to stop you're
all gonna weigh ambush it yeah basically
yeah Kirito plan approved yeah all
righty you bury yourselves in the snow
in various places about 20 feet away
from where this creature is this feels
so sneaky I feel like this is a move
from undertale this is this is good come
on her tail
arrives from this he put in your oven
snow and then popping out okay
but don't plan burn bed don't do we got
Lenny hiding in one spot
we got nevets in another miss Toki in
another and Daffy in the last spot
actually let's move you guys all in the
same spot if you think about it yes in
the first spot okay and I guess if you
guys want to be 20 feet away we'll have
each of these hexes be 5 feet instead of
5 miles and this will be our rough setup
as the snow may wait no no whatever I
would switch places with whoever it is
that toki i want to switch places i yeah
so that i have opposite of the barbarian
yeah that's fine all right the snowman
comes to a stop here I think everyone is
waiting for the Barbarian to make his
move attacks readied we are ready sure
if we're already in the snow man is at
the spot it's at the spot then we have a
little charge and go to attack him all
right Lenny and goes to charge the
snowman and then as I see Lenny pop out
of the snow like I would pop out as well
right
okay no man is not surprised by Lenny's
popping out it is on full alert so we're
gonna roll initiative to resolve all of
this okay
all right so we have a 13 a 17 to 14 a 7
and a what K Torito
you click your token and then an issue
of at the top left
I forgot first comment yeah all right
our snow elemental goes first it was
more or less ready for something to come
out
it is a elemental or construct of some
sort so it's always prepared and as
Lenny pops out the elemental turns to
face you and rolls towards you a little
bit as you are approaching it and it
will attack [ __ ] these snow you freaking
hate snow that's not it
yeah it's actually for the wrong
creature that's for a water elemental we
do not have that form we okay so it will
make to slam attacks against letting the
first arm coming out shaped like a
hammer swipes at you for 9 to hit my
daughter arm because like a frozen
icicle that stabs towards you in the
center for a 21 day Lenny embrace it
these snow elemental will rip you to
pieces for 13 points of damage you have
not yet raged so you don't cut it in
half nevets turn all right I will close
the gap and I'll come running out and I
will take a swing with my rapier 17 to
hit that will I do believe hit the snow
elemental yes for only three points of
damage you think and then my snake
attack is another 5 points yes holy that
is your turn Toki
can I please and spray and not spray
anyone else just spray the soldiers ok
Oh
what Constitution save passes with
flying colors it ignores the acid should
have used molecular acid next up is
Daffy um I would like to use vicious
mockery and as my as my bonus arch oh
wait I guess at the roll damage right
mm-hmm see and it will need to make a
saving throw yes to damage but it it's
2d 4k
oh oh you're a higher level just roll on
my one day pointing it at it my parties
are geniuses my party's a genius all
right six hole damage which is crazy
then uh and as disadvantage the next
attack role if it if it does not succeed
okay
you noticed that the snow elemental does
not even need to make a saving throw the
attack has literally no effect on it
whatsoever
it completely ignores your vicious
mocking yes it seems to be immune but I
told him that is that his snow curves
were were were ugly doesn't have to
understand her right that's right Oh mmm
oh that is the end of Daffy sternal step
positive movement what are you gonna do
I'm gonna give my friend my friend
nevets Bartok inspiration
alright Nemitz is Bartek li inspired
Lenny oh we do we short rest we did huh
you should have a back Lenny is raging
now alright and he is going to attack
twice one six hits two with advantage
yes a hit in a crit nine and MIT is 26
right and it will do half of that damage
so I have a magical weapon you do you do
you got it from the house right at the
haunted house okay so we you just do 26
damage you hack into the snow element a
little bit so that fall to the side
melts away the creature is now three
slightly smaller balls that seem to keep
reforming to be 100% of the remaining
amount of snow so they just kind of like
shrink in size as it takes damage I
bought it at one we have to find the
ball inside there at the destroy for him
to stop reforming where have you watched
one punch man or have you played every
single like Sega game boss ever like
okay I'm sorry
be on my avians pick up around the snow
elemental everyone within 5 feet of it
which is just the two of you need to
make me a DC 15 strength saving throw no
whips up
I have advantage on strength saves then
do it ridge slitting and a perfect 23 so
you will be fine you will take half of
this damage while nevets will take full
so you will take a nice half that again
yep why do you have it twice
oh and then your random I ran any rage
yeah so you only take a quarter that
you'll take three nevets will take 14
damage as the snows kind of whip around
and freeze you over your faces all cold
damage and nevets with your failed
strength save you find your feet are
encased in ice like the ground you're
standing on has frozen solid
and you are respond and restrained in
this spot the snow elemental will then
move in the direction of direction of
DAF which will provoke to tacks of
opportunity 19 and 17 hit this 13
because you won't have advantage
blanking by the time it leaves you're
threatening hex okay yeah well let's
light on that one 12 will hit I'm ready
for your lawyer it rolls right up to DAF
and ends its turn adjacent to you it's
used its weapon alright next player
nevets you are frozen in place you can
move your arms but your feet are stuck
until you succeed on a dc50 Nath let
ixora acrobatics check to get out is
that um drive to use an action to do
that or yes okay so I need to use an
action to escape the snow correct yes if
you want to move if I just use like my
attacks whatever do I get to do a roll
to check at the end of the turn to see
if I'm still in cased or am I always
gonna be doing okay oh wait I should
have a clear break inspiration but okay
I use my whatever to break the ice
alright you break out of the ice
smashing it and freeing yourself you
have your movement and your bonus action
left I don't believe there's anything I
can do I'll use insightful fighting just
so I have a sneak attack on this guy no
matter where he is I have to make a
wisdom check against a creatures
charisma deception check I make an
insight versus his whatever my insight
is 16 that passes a deception
okay alright you have insightful
fighting on it Toki your turn can I move
next to death and pass the spell on yes
over here how many feet was that
movement cuz you can only go well the
roughly 25 feet okay
you can do it then that's fine okay I'm
going to use yes okay Allen I use
protection from energy what is that
energy the duration the willing creature
you touch has resistance to one type of
damage acid cold fire lightning thunder
so cold could work right cold would be
perfect yeah Daffy has resistance you
take half damage
I knew that thank you all right Daffy
winks at Toki I bless you and I catch
that wink and this all happens in her
turn okay perfect
next up is Daffy all righty Daffy has a
lot of spells that have to do there's no
way for me to get my friends over there
no he's already freed himself
okay all those cats cure wounds on him
them oh you need to go oh do i yeah you
need to touch it okay scratch that I am
going
doesn't have to do with with with
hearing I've just realized
so you hold your action till the end of
the round
oh I guess you know what I'll do I'm
gonna disengage mm okay you should just
just get up there and you should grapple
on just attack him or attack him yeah
yep definitely okay okay
I just whisper oh wait what no I the
same thing oh yeah sorry I'm witnessing
just she heard god whispering to her
well you know I am going to go up to mr.
snowman snowman and I am going to use
we're on the edge of our seats cave ah
you're gonna use sleep oh you're gonna
catch sleep on it
yes hmm
wait did I get woken up when it gets
attacked mm-hmm okay okay okay
isn't it just not enough do anything yep
Daffy cast sleep on the elemental who
just got a b-tree with your staff deaf
all right Lenny will move up attempt to
shove the creature I don't think it'll
work it's a bonus action anyway so you
can try and knock it prone yeah I'll try
and knock your proud
I don't think it'll work but 24
contested by it's contested by this
twenty so you succeed in shoving the
snow elemental and you knock it pro I
guess it well you said it was kind of
shifting so I mean I don't even know if
we can knock it prone it doesn't matter
in this case because area of advantage
is just right you said one will knock it
prone right so it's got this like
rolling ball on the bottom side with
multiple others stacked on top and it
does like tilt and the whole thing hits
the ground as the bottom ball wheel kind
of spins out of control wildly it begins
to write in itself okay that is you can
make the this is your your shield push
right as a bonus action yeah okay and
you said about a menu first
yes the one to a full hit for 25 25
damage Lenny you are a powerhouse of
damage thank you these know elemental
will rate itself and its ability of
recharges and it will cast it again do
another strength save yes it will
Blizzard everything within 10 feet of it
that will include mist okey this time
around
speaking 15 strength saving throw you
pass Oh pass and toki fails
oh I'm sorry Kay Torino fails there we
go
so Katarina will take 10 by Toki will
take five and mr. Mouton will say to her
no only takes five because she has that
ability on her oh yes she's a she has
resistance right fine major you
my mommy helped me out thanks dude
yeah I did wow so you are frozen in
place k Torino while the other two are
fine and this guy's already used to
spell and that is
these snow elementals turd Nets yeah are
we is it possible for me to flank him at
all or does it just wait I'm sorry it's
this has got to be a flank don't draw
that arrow like that that's good
corpse why do we have the octagons back
this is the world Mountain it's opening
my ability to have a real battle I want
to move
wait there's a hold on wait no no I know
you can only flank a person with one
flank anyway even if it were on a square
grid
you could still only have I need a free
grid we need try oh wait whatever I am
Bartok inspiration what kind what do I
get to add a one day six to my attack
one t8a one d8 okay can I add that to my
damn role or only my hit role
no only this role okay um then you know
what and I can declare that after
rolling but before you tell me if the if
the shot lands correct correct that's
right all right yeah that's what I'm
talking about yeah okay I take a hit at
swipe at it for 23 that one hits seven
points of damage
sneak attack is or I'm sorry so three
plus seven it should be ten points of
damage 110 points of damage alright and
then I'm gonna use my cunning action or
whatever to slip away you screw this
game slip away toki laser spray his face
toss acid face wait you have a spell
this is damage yes oh my god got lucky
[ __ ]
yeah passes it does not take the 19
damage which would have been amazing
sorry took a that's cool man I mean it's
only a can trip you believe it every
time Oh couldn't you've given this
Bartok inspiration to her no that's it's
too late I know what my future reference
he couldn't have
Toki I also need you to make me a
constitution saving throw you took
damage and it might break your
concentration on the protection from
energy yeah a constitution dc-10 that's
here oh I know this inspiration from one
session carry over did you still have
Bartok inspiration he means ohm regular
inspiration yeah that that carries I'm
gonna get lucky though oh my god what
good job you're fine yeah that spells
still going genius gods to me oh my god
Toki
let's go wacky bath wacky dad here we go
I'm gonna try to break out of my [ __ ]
okay acrobatics check yes acrobatics 25
break free of the ice your feet what was
the point of that when I just tagged him
cuz I was frozen I think you guys are
low feet were stopped yeah that was my
action rate yep hmm I will use my bonus
action to give my friend Toki
give my friend Lenny even some bark
inspiration I have one left after this
but I can short rest and get them back
Lenny's gonna attack twice 1 to 18 will
hit the second one I'm gonna use Bart
against bration on okay so really a 11
plus 14 that does it yeah 19:19 beasts
no elemental is near to dead it will
roll any will also knock it prone
okay instead of wow you guys are crazy
it passes or it fails you pass it is not
prone its turn rolls around
it's lizard ability recharges it rolls
right back up from being prone and it
will up Blizzard again 2100 key and
Daffy give me strength saving throws as
the winds whip up and freeze over you
encasing your feet in ice I'm flipping
let's roll it you fail but Toki's okay
you will take half of 20 so you will
take 10 that saves your life and the
other two of you and Toki will take 10
damage and Toki needs to make another
Constitution saving throw to keep the
spell on flying colors alright the water
elemental was done where it is nevets
alright I will come in I will take an
attack with my rapier that's a 12-2 hit
I'll throw up my Bartok inspiration here
so 16 to 16 that'll do what I say it is
16 to 8 damage yep I'll use my cunning
to slip away again
alright the snow elemental is getting
weak Toki it's your turn it's time for
the MVP I'm gonna poison spray him a
third time and if he passes the
Constitution check again these dice
they're rigged non big dice it'll take
17 damage and melt away
where's ever spell that's a big spell
son spell right nope can't rip free it's
weighted poison spray is a canned trip
Yuba to d12 on a contra no I just got
the 2d 12 it was 1d 12 that's good
really good
holy [ __ ]
yeah it's super useful you're useful as
[ __ ] oh my god nice job Lily it's like
Lenny attacking twice around that's
crazy
okay can I immediately after this fight
look at the other snowman to see where
he's at
I should be able to pop my head up and
see if he's still in front of the tower
or if he's headed in this direction yes
so the question is are you how close are
you to the tower at this point you were
going when you already had yep right you
were still as keeping the same distance
yep all right it snowman in the distance
makes it perception check it has [ __ ]
for perception and can I have everyone
the party make me stealth checks at
disadvantage to see how much how big of
a distraction you were making while the
battle was going on five on the Moot in
front everyone else passes so [ __ ]
obvious whenever he does anything you
look back to the tower and the other
snowman is not there it's not at the
front gate and it is not rolling towards
you somewhere in the course of the
battle it slipped away and you've lost
sight of it oh is it can I make an
active perception to kind of like look
around for it to see if it's approaching
us from any direction or actually can I
like I'll tell the party hold on I don't
know if these snowmen are of these snow
elementals are sentries or on patrol but
I'm gonna approach the front of the
tower and see if I can see a path that
he rolled away like this guy had last
night okay should we get healing first
do we have those spells available to us
yeah then we wait give me long rest for
a short rest beforehand umm I don't we
don't have time to rest no time to rest
well I have some healing spells it's
very effective on me how many do you
have I have two level 1 slots remaining
level 2 but I could yeah I have three
level two spots I also have three level
two spots in three local one
I think one for each of the three of us
it would be good and then Toki I think
it's okay for now do you need a cure do
you have any feelings doki yeah Carolyn
exactly the same thing okay do you want
a jazz I'm just gonna use it you can use
it on me or something
use your level one on me then I'll cast
level to one other your what are your
other level two spells Catarina zone of
truth shatter and locate objects so we
don't leap probably shattered shatters
pretty damn good though you could
probably use a level two then on
probably me yeah on you I used footage
on gas so Daffy abyss using what what
Thank You Kate arena
yikes I'm gonna use for more on nevets
yeah wait you you need to add health
staff you need to have you need to add
health to you okay so dad has 17 and
then at 20 okay can I approach the while
they're doing this now yes he should get
one more can I purchase a tower and look
for a trail leading away yes so you have
gone five minutes away on the thousand
foot radius circle away from the tower
you're closer to the hills now and
you're gonna cut in leaving the rest of
the party behind you approach the tower
and try and locate the tracks of this
creature
basically yeah all right give me a
stealth check you're like a mole you
just tunnel right under the snow without
even tougher air and you can't within a
hundred feet of the tower and you can
see that there's one snowball track
leading away from the left guard
position there's a snowball track
leading straight into from the tower out
into the tower from outside and there's
like a little snowball rolling pit where
the right century was and
has now also gone into the tower where I
see that there's like a one that looked
as though it rolled in it is if I look
out in a straight line from where would
have rolled in do I see anything in that
direction for however far I can see so
this is the entrance there was a snow
far D in here and one here this one has
a track that has led out that way huh
there is a separate trail that has gone
like this right and this one has come in
and joined that this track is the one
you're talking about and you're asking
where it came from
wait this one so like right now from
what you've described it sounds like
there are three snow elementals and
we've killed one yes so you're saying
that there is another snow elemental
that there's none outside right now it
looks like the tracks it went inside yes
although I guess directionality is hard
to tell with this so pretty I should get
rid of the arrows yeah because I could
have come outside and disappeared
hypothetically right yeah yeah okay but
I do see tricks anyway okay hmm and and
is that door open or closed is there a
door is it just an entrance or it is a
set of brass portcullises that anchor
down into the ground when you first
noticed this tower the portcullis was
open and now it is closed can you
describe what that is for those that
don't know in the audience a portcullis
yeah those are iron bars like a prison
gate with a little spikes on the bottom
that lowers into the ground it's that
sort of a hard defense that you might
have in a castle and it's closed right
now yes so that means it is closed okay
hmm okay
can I move back maybe about 500 or so
feet do you see where I'm pinging like
this mhm and in that direction and I'm
kind of like signal for the party to
join me there sure you can wave to the
party across the open Tundra and if they
are inside the curtain they can see you
I suppose they're probably watching you
so they'll at least their heads inside
the curtain and they spot you waving to
them party
I mean let me go you all approach
understanding at the foot of the tower
what do divots ah okay whispers from the
looks of it I think there might be two
more of those monsters inside I don't
think we'd fare well in a battle against
both of them it looks as though these
guys are set to patrol out here we might
have already made a crucial error by
killing one I'm not sure if the person
inside that's controlling these is going
to be aware that one of these is missing
so I'm not sure what we can do I mean
there's a few options before us but
Daffy has to make the decision we could
go in and try to fight both of them i
heavily advise against this I don't know
unless our two casters here are feeling
strong enough to pull out some insane
magics to do it I don't think we'll win
that we could wait here and see if one
or both of them go patrolling outwards
in which case we could try to sneak into
the tower when they leave on patrol or
we could just rest a short night right
out here and see if the third century is
replaced meaning we would essentially be
back where we started I think that they
already know we're here so there's
really no point in
I don't think the third idea is good at
all but I think I think they are being
controlled me I think they know we're
here
but we saw one running into a wall
earlier so we know that you if they are
being controlled then they're not being
closely monitored right true so hmm is
there any way to sneak around them I
mean it both of them appear to be inside
that gate that now appears to be closed
I guess then if we assume that we know
he's here if we've eliminated option 3
then we're left with running in and
fighting headlong into at least two snow
elementals and who knows what other
creatures or we can just wait out here
for a while and see if they leave and
then if they both leave then we can try
to re approach the tower and see if we
can sneak in without having to deal with
both of them I'm not good at sneak was
there is there a way to beat them out
maybe to do it faster um I don't think
it makes sense well I could try to bait
them and then you guys could try to slip
in as I baited them but you would be
fighting then down me I guess it's up to
you guys we probably shouldn't go in
like willy-nilly while they're there we
could perhaps do is see if they sneak
out and if they do sneak out I could
sneak in or I'm sorry if they start
patrolling away from this place I could
sneak in take a peek on the inside see
if it's safe and in motion for you guys
to come and join me okay sure
okay mmm we could draw them out with a
noise and then hide can they they can't
hear um no I don't have to wait for a
noise let's just see if they go on their
natural patrols like they should be
leaving it okay yeah sure okay
all right so you're gonna just wait here
for how long how long [ __ ] minutes
hours days well we'll probably start
with hours or we'll probably start with
the minutes and the minutes would turn
to hours and I don't think we would just
wait out here for days right so I'm
trying to get like if if X hours pass
you will come up let's go ahead and
fast-forward time by 1 hour and see if
anything changes right now that's what I
like to hear
yeah decisive decision making them yeah
so bet 20 or 30 minutes into your you're
waiting out here there comes a voice
from up above that says hey hey you guys
what are you doing down there we hear
somebody shouting from above in the
tower yeah and you look up and there is
a head poking out of a tower it looks
like a male half elf looking down at you
guys kind of got old like blonde turning
slightly gray hair it's got some
wrinkles on his face big bushy white
eyebrows a short squat nose he was
leaning over the tower with just his
like chin over the edge and he's looking
down at you from know five or six
windows up oh hello there ah we're just
looking around making our way what is
this area where are we you're lost yes I
beg your pardon
key points go that way slow that won't
snow everywhere huh go that way do you
guys understand what he's saying or snow
hat day
we we didn't bring our snow hat sir do
you have a hat it's very loud he does
Wyatt
he just hears inside the tower well I
guess he knows we're here guys
it seems pretty hard to believe that we
would be lost out here in the middle of
nowhere maybe we need to come up with a
better cover story and they called me I
thought it was great
can I see that gate I want to keep my
eyes on that gate to see when it opens
okay yeah how close would you like to be
to the gate well we're about 500 feet
from it right now right
that's that close enough to see if the
gate is open or closed yes
okay then I'll remain at this distance I
just want to keep my eyes on that how if
we wanted to scale the walls around the
gate the castle the tower walls are
covered in a thick sheet of ice maybe an
inch or two thick which makes them not
impossible to climb you'd need a thirty
on an acrobatics or athletics check to
even make any progress at all a thirty
yeah it's you know climbing a wall of
ice if we were on top of that wall if we
were perched on that wall we'd be able
to is it like a wall that you can stand
on kind of so it's a it's a tower with
just like a layer of ice on the outside
so you could stand on top of the tower
oh there's not like a layer so that we
literally just talked about the tower
we're just talking about the tower yeah
just that big hard cold shaft if I
rolled a 30 or higher on my acrobatics
okay I'm seeing how committed you out of
this number would I be able to scale the
tower and like get up to that window
where that guy was talking and take a
peek inside yes how tall up is that
window he was five windows up but the
windows are not on each floor so that's
maybe 35 feet off the ground 35 feet off
the ground how many windows are there
above and below him what's the next
closest window below him for instance
I'm gonna give you a side view of the
tower yeah do that how much does your
character way-o when he can toss I don't
think it's gonna work oh I'm only 34
pounds yeah he's also a little shorter
than average for Ana what's the sweet
what's the strength Jack Coyle and me
tossing him up to that window hold on
let me finish doing my first instead of
juice here and I'll get to your
questioning all right so this is our
tower shape over here we're gonna have
some windows but they'll be like this
kind of haphazardly placed around
so his window is maybe this one right
here and that's gonna be about 35 feet
off the ground so the next highest
window would be this one and the next
lowest window would be this one which
are just you know a few feet above or
below
you know those shut they are all shut
except for the one that the figure had
just been shouting out of and then
Polk's they're you know retreated into
for a moment
what's the save on weight how much do
you think it would be for me to like
toss I'm not getting a test up I'm never
risking that because of you miss he's
gonna be 35 feet in the air
twelve thirty pound person thirty pound
person let me take a look at shot foot
world records and see what sort of
weights they thrown what sort of
distances they make
let's see open competitions use a
16-pound shotput and the records these
are more for distances they get about 75
feet horizontally so if we're going to
double the weight we'd probably get
forces mass times velocity squared right
so if you're going to double the weight
you will he try to be at 60 quarter
he's already be at 6 feet cuz he's like
above me or whatever and then I just
gotta like throw them up so let's say
he's at 10 feet already Italy gotta go
25 feet so I think you would need some
crazy high strength check to chuck him
up there probably 30 or so particles
breeze weight well I can use my
acrobatics with Bartok inspiration like
that's what I'm looking to do
can you guess predict inspiration is a
ritual do you have like a limited number
of these I have a limited number this
would be my last one I reflect them on
short rest Bartok inspiration allows me
to roll a 1d eight right yep and I need
a 30 or higher mm-hmm that's still a
really hard roll it's insane well is
there a way none of the scaling gear
that we have brought her anything can
lower this or make this more scalable oh
do you
what sort of climbing gear do you have
let's talk about that we've brought
ropes to hold us together we brought
spiked shoes I think in order to ice
pigs maneuver a little spiked shoes
spiked cleats and ice picks we can lower
the DC to 25 I think what it's like let
me hold staff up who holds me up loads
nevets up toilet dear you want to format
our people we were to format our Oh then
it would be way easier you wouldn't need
nearly as high of a roll if you if you
could start halfway up ivory reduce your
give you advantage on the check and if
you'll all you need is a 25 to climb the
sheer vertical surface with the ice
shoes and everything then it
quite doable I mean you've been 11
acrobatics already plus a Bartok
inspiration is an average of four and a
half it's a 15 and a half bonus so you
would only really need like a 10 on the
die roll it's 50/50 shot
amazing right let's do it
all right that's really scary because if
he leans out he can like literally kill
all of us with a single spell while
we're trying to form this tower or would
pass without trace first and then formed
at hours pass without trace means I
can't see our tracks but they'll be able
to see us yeah wait am I missing do I
not understand oh that's my works can
you post it again it gives you plus 10
to your stealth role doesn't make you
invisible it just makes you harder to
follow in spot I'm asking you and your
companions from detection billary I mean
right it'll give you a big bonus but
it's not a perfect 100% guaranteed well
analysis I can't be tracked except by
magical means and we're in a pretty
magical place you ever seen cheerleaders
Koivu yeah you know they kind of jump up
and then go real high oh yeah imagine a
33 pound fear leader and I'm like the
big guy throwing him up I feel okay no
no hold on I can do this okay listen
Koivu that plan that Goonies plan or
whatever we did to ambush the snowman
that was an inspiring plan okay yeah it
was do you agree an inspirational plan
we feel real inspired by it do I feel
inspired by it okay mechanically hi
grant my inspiration dinah mr. nevets
not normally supposed to be able to pass
them back and forth like that what if
both of them can use their inspiration
to make me feel inspired like that's a -
yeah you want to burn two for one
I'll do that trade okay I'm going to
take I want a Bartok inspiration I'm
gonna take the rope with me and I'm
gonna put on the climbing shoes I'm
gonna literally scale the building right
to the window where that mage guy was
and then when I get in there I'm gonna
toss you guys down a rope and then you
guys can climb in
if it makes you also feel better I can
like push him up no no I don't I don't
like throw you up or anything but you'll
be 6 feet higher so you won't I mean you
might make it a little easier why don't
we take your break right here the plan
okay sounds good good thanks Lily
- hello everybody and welcome back to ab
dice and men the party is 500 feet away
from the tower and you are heading
towards it nevets with the idea of
climbing it right away yeah yeah so I'm
feeling I kind of suggested the plan to
death I'm kind of like as like an
impossible thing because I mean like
it's a tower of ice but this was not an
option I was leaning towards
however daffy and toki when I mentioned
it man
they were insanely supportive their eyes
lit up they told me that I could do it
they gave me Pat's on the back they gave
me head rubs
they gave me a head pack yeah we gave
them we gave them so much stuff we
encouraged them more than ever and if
it's as a very soft-spoken guy driven by
friendship
okay so I'm going to combine their
inspiration okay I have a I'm gonna have
a the final Bartok inspiration from Toki
yeah all right well we're not well
before you get to the tower yeah
something goes wrong all right when
you're about 50 feet from the base of
the tower
the Wizards head pokes right back out
okay casts a spell upon you I need you
to make a saving throw for what is a
constitution saving throw okay I am is
this Chet this is just on me right this
is just on you and you can use your
Bartok inspiration on saving throws if
you want I can yeah but after I after I
roll uh-huh okay do I am I allowed to
know the type of spell coming at me or
no you were not a spell caster of any
kind so you're just like all of a sudden
you you need to make a saving throw and
we'll see what effects hits you magic is
terrifying
[Music]
twelve is not good come stop stop stop
your I am allowed to look at the roll
and make a decision before you tell me
if it lands on right okay
now you now to be non metagaming most
roles are DC 13 so I would have I would
have added on to this anyway so I will
use my Bartok inspiration okay that's
good so my say would have been 17 it's
only when you are hit for one of these
things right know what a creature you
can see within 60 feet of you makes
attack role of nada
you can spend when you see part of
conspiration subtracting from the
creature well I guess I don't want to
use Bartok inspiration he's right
alright Bartok inspiration is a nerf to
your enemy's role not a buff to your
allies role I think the number you
needed to make was a 17 nice good eight
plus four plus five is a 17 yeah so you
barely cut it you ignored the spell but
for a moment you can feel your feet like
lift up off the ground as if you're
about to levitate and then you you hit
the ground again and you're 50 feet from
the tower it is your action could I okay
so since he's just my Bartok inspiration
is only good for one role right yeah you
said that there is a window beneath him
that maybe 20 feet up yes as it's only
20 feet up would I be able would it be
an easier acrobatics check to reach that
right so the first bottom layer the
tower is actually a larger structure and
that's only about 10 feet so you can
climb this 10 foot structure and then go
horizontal across it to the base of the
tower okay
as I feel the levitation kind of
happened I don't know what it looks like
when you dodge something and in D&D I
guess maybe I jump off the invisible
cloud that feels like it's lifting me up
or something
I never tool continue to barrel towards
the building rope over shoulder spiked
cleats on feet and jump up into the
first base or whatever and then I don't
know if we should have rolled initiative
for this maybe but I think I would have
the ability to well should we hit roll
initiative or how do you want to do this
I was gonna say that he had a ready to
action when you approached range to cast
a spell on you so that would have been
his turn and now it's your turn
no one's surprised by this encounter so
we you know his ready action goes off
you can continue with your turn as if it
started at that point okay I will
continue to run forward climb the base
and I want to try to scale up to the one
of the windows beneath him that's maybe
like 15 or 20 feet off the ground I
guess okay how what kind of role be
looking at to make it there how much
more difficult it let your less
difficult is this look than the one like
where he's at so if you're just gonna
climb the first 10 feet we'll say it's a
DC 25 check
it'll take it's 50 feet away from you
you have movement speed 25 so you'll
spend this round double moving to the
base of the tower okay and I think we'd
probably best enter initiative order
from here on out sure the rest of the
party is 500 feet away watching so
they're not gonna be able to help you
here so nevets you get a 22 the unnamed
wizard to the tower gets a natural 9 no
way they're gonna beat you so that's why
I get another turn now yeah okay so I
should have enough to close the gap and
try to jump into one of those lower
windows yep
um so give me your climbing check okay I
only have Bartok inspiration only works
once I can't use it in another role or
anything right correct
okay I'm going to use my inspiration
here what am I trying to roll 25 really
close or acrobatics check what is the
lowest like open window to this tower
that I think I could get this one right
here and that's a twenty it's a 25 to
get in yeah it's a 25 to scale this
sheer surface okay at the top of this
level you could probably just walk into
that Tower
okay gotcha window okay and then I'm
holding okay and then I have the robe
with me yeah okay so I needed 25 at
advantage okay I'm sorry I just need a
minute
all right just Jeff I think we should be
following him he's has a rope for us to
climb up yes let's go
it looks like combat okay I'm gonna okay
25 just a 25 right no 24 do you think
2014 is number okay
25 at advantage it was like 24 he does
like you did 20 or 21
I mean it's no 12 or 60 but I'm gonna
get like a 28 here so it doesn't even
matter all right here it comes at
advantage please okay do you scale the
tower with if rising easy erase okay
genius oh my god do you get the first 10
feet no problem you are at the base of
the tower when you climb you're your
speed is half so it takes 20 feet to get
the first 10 feet you're at the base of
the tower on top of the main structure
you can look in through a window that's
just above head height and then you can
look up a few windows where the wizard
had hoped their head out and is now gone
again he's gone right now yeah okay
levitation spell he disappeared if I'm
holding the rope with me can I let the
Rope down like like I dropped the rope
over the edge and I start running
towards one of the open windows do I see
like a bar on the window or some
that I can start to tie this rope around
yes the windows are barred like I can't
get inside their barter like there are
bars on these you could get inside you
can thing but it definitely Lenny would
not be able to fit through the bars okay
I can okay I then I run towards and
approach the barred windows and then I
tied the rope around it and then I kind
of like can i peek inside and can
timotei see in that first room it is a
staircase a spiral staircase going up it
looks like each of these three windows
are windows placed along the staircase
okay so now I have the rope tied around
the the window I don't tell me when I'm
done would like my actions or whatever
but the Rope is tied around the window
bars the Rope should be hanging off the
edge I don't know that the party is
running towards me if they're not they
should have seen me jump up so clear
that they should be headed here it'll
take an action to tie the rope yeah 20
to 20 feet of move to go up maybe five
feet of movement to get to the window so
I think that's probably your whole turn
right there yeah okay that's my whole
turn okay yeah I'm okay with that I oh I
like my turn ends where I am like
slightly like inside the building like
against the window yeah it's the bar
with some cover yeah all right the
Wizards head pokes out between the bars
again and says god damnit I don't want
to have to kill you get the [ __ ] away
from my tower barreling across the open
snow towards the tower Toki is lagging
behind a little bit because of her short
dwarven legs and it's Nemitz turn again
okay so I heard him shouting is he how
many floors above me is he based on like
where I entered and what it looked like
he was up in the stairs right here so
he's about 25 feet above the ground at
your feet okay to floor about two floors
maybe I guess like I don't know if I
would do a stealth check but like kind
of like sneaking inside can I take out
my two bags of ball bearings and then
coat like the middle of the top stair
and then like the middle of the bottom
stair
yes so you step in there's a stair below
you and a stair above you you're saying
you're coding the one above you and
below you yeah not the one that you're
on okay kind of or like a little bit
above her a little bit below I don't
expect to start snow elementals running
up the stairs but if he comes like
running down stairs to check I want him
to have to like contend with the ball
bearings yeah absolutely
you cover a few steps with ball bearings
using one of your bags okay all right
and then am i waiting for my or is my
party going to close the gap or it'll
take them a few rounds to get here we'll
take them about 10 rounds to get here so
it's you move it you move at 50 feet per
round and you're 500 feet away money to
like Jeremy or something I could pick
him up pick me away I think Lenny is
actually encumbered already so if Lenny
picks you up I guess Lily's also moving
at your speed you're both 10 rounds away
when he picks you up he'll be heavily
encumbered carrying all your [ __ ] would
you like to yell with the wizard don't
kill us we come in pain please it's cold
out here let's see what nevets is doing
because the rest of you guys just have
to charge towards the tower Nemitz
you're already there what are you doing
[Music]
I mean the inside of a wizard's tower I
don't want to [ __ ] around too much can i
with my I guess like with my rapier
drawn if I slowly begin to move up one
of the stairs what do I see like in the
next room like I'm kind of like peek my
head over
the first room you open or the first
door you come to opens on to the inside
of the tower the door is currently shut
you would have to open it to see what's
inside okay
can I like open it and then kind of like
take a peek inside yeah you open the
door
poke your head in it's not that a small
little bench with a wooden cover and a
single hole cut in the middle of it as a
sconce in the wall where you might fold
a torch or a candle and smells vaguely
of ammonia vaguely of ammonia okay the
bathroom and then is there like can I
keep going upstairs on the same set of
stairs or is there Sarah Jason okay yeah
you can yeah you keep going up on the
same set I would reasonably expect
knowing how tall the tower is saying
that the wizard poke is head out that
the next floor is going to have the
wizard on it right you know that he's
two windows above where you are
presently okay but they're like are the
windows like ultra far apart or are they
like they seem like about of floors with
or a floor's length between them or
whatever that make sense yeah so it
looks like the floors are not placed
evenly or the windows are not placed
evenly on floors there's one set of
windows that just follows the staircase
and then there are some other windows
that are very clearly not in line with
the staircase so if you give me an
intelligence check DC 12 you can tell if
he's on a window or on a staircase level
or not circus level you're pretty smart
you correctly deduced that he is going
to be on a floor that is not on the
staircase so if you go up the staircase
you'll have to enter some room to get to
the section where he is okay or find out
enough okay can I continue to move up
the stairs then I guess to the to the
next room mm-hmm so sorry can you just
explain to like am I going up like a
circular staircase or is it like serious
okay so I'm going up a circular
staircase and there are it's basically
like like an onion
like inside I open a door and there's a
room and then I continue up a circular
staircase and open a door and there's
another room basically like that right
these yeah yeah but you can't in the
staircase does not go into the rooms
right the scent it's like the
like a door yeah okay okay just make a
shot yeah yeah then can I keep like kind
of like slowly working my way up the
stairs and then like open the door and
then peek in the next room and see what
there is yeah you get to the next floor
there's a window right next to you that
looks out you can see Lenny
nebith Lenny Daffy and toki are about
two-thirds of the way across the open
plain to you and there's a door directly
in front of you an oaken door with some
no that's just a big oaken door okay
can I am I able to do a stuff check to
open this quietly mm-hmm okay
I didn't Marcus on my character sheet
but I think it's answering my character
would have wd-40 so I spray the hinges
first and then I'm gonna make a stealth
check to open the door okay absolutely
you very quietly open the door you put
pressure on it away from you and towards
you said why you should do that when I
would sneak around my house at night
right you would like open till I keep
the creaking or whatever it yeah that
way the the force of the friction is
overcome by the force of your pressure
and you open the door carefully easily
you poke your head about it looks like a
large bedroom that probably spans the
entire width of the tower attached you
can see another window on the far side
and then a staircase that just leads up
maybe across the way from you okay can i
no only one more exit am I'm able to
make my way across the room using that
same style check and kind of like make
my way up those stairs to peek over to
see if the wizard is like shooting
spells out the window you want to go to
the window on the other side of the
tower or did you say there was a
staircase in the room leading upstairs
there's a staircase in the room yeah I'm
gonna doodle in the ocean to the right
of where we are right now
sure well I don't think I need to do is
it do I probably opposite the doorway or
whatever right yes it's and it's
reasonable for me given my intelligence
wrote earlier I can expect that like
this is like where he at it should be
upstairs there right yes he should be on
the next floor up yeah right yep okay
yeah I would like to make my way over
the stairs it kind of like just walk up
and see if I can peek my head over or is
there like another door blocking man
sure I'm just doing a quick doodle here
I've got like a bed here and like a
bookcase over here
okay so nevets is going to go up to the
next staircase and continue climbing up
with a 31 on the stealth roll so you
cross the room open the next door and
begin to tiptoe up the stairs when you
hear a voice from above it sounds like a
bird is talking and it says what is that
what does the bird say I think this is a
bad idea it's a blow mop fireball
fireballs your friend fireballs your
friend and the half-elven voice replies
now now we kill everyone they'll just
keep sending more people I think I think
they're reasonable we I can turn them
back it'll be fine
fireballs your friend just fireball oh
don't no nonsense calm down and that is
what you hear money yes you guys have
made it to the base of the tower the
wizard has not reappeared okay can I
now as the turns are going okay this is
hungee are you ready hmm I would like to
I don't know how many turns when
someone's gonna talk to those who tell
me how much I need to do okay okay first
let's ask how much it's a reason for me
to know is it reasonable to assume that
a wizard that's being hugged or held
like wouldn't be able to cast like a
spell that there's a I think so Matic is
the hand thing generally that would be
very difficult right correct if you are
borrowing both of their arms with a bear
hug they could not cast spells with
somatic components okay all right to get
both their arms to do it okay they could
if it only requires a verbal component
right
okay if I have okay so we brought a lot
of rope with us so I should have more
rope okay would it be reasonable for me
to tie that rope to something down here
in the room to like to secure the rope
to something like right outside that
door right what I want to do is what so
don't you let's talk about the amount of
rope behalf
okay sure rope usually comes in coils of
50 feet okay bunch of rope you attached
it to the tower and then you drop the
other end down for everyone else to
follow up but would you have carried two
coils of rope with you or just the one
because if it's only the one then you
have no rope with you I think I would
have brought two coils just in case one
messed up that's an all that's a big
deal why don't you just wait till I
climb up to can i is it can I have had
two coils to things have rope on me two
cores of rope actually you know what I
was gonna do some crazy or [ __ ] we'll
just do a little bit of crazy [ __ ] I
want a ready an attack on the bottom of
the stairs okay when I hear him lean out
of the tower to cast a spell would I be
able to ready a shove or like a like a
tackle where I can tackle him out the
window as he leans out yes are you gonna
go with them yes you could ready okay
the only problem is that there are the
bars in the window now you're a small
critter you can fit through those bars
no problem and this guy has been able to
poke his head through the bars as well
but he goes straight forward his
shoulders might get caught so it's gonna
be a more difficult check to shove him
at an angle that will slip him through
the bars
okay sure okay
yes I'm acting else is golden okay in
that well well clearly then nothing will
work so come okay in that case I guess
I'm waiting for a little bit while I
listen for what he's doing
all right the rest of the party has
arrived at the base of the tower yeah I
mean I'll climb up the rope or I'll at
least like the others you go first
sweet I'm sorry one more question real
quick if you try to grapple somebody
what does my check have to be can I use
decks for that or does it have to be in
a post strength check or something what
let's take a look at the rules
it's an athletics check and then it gets
to be opposed by either athletics or
acrobatics okay so check that ruling
shoving a creature not a shot a grapple
grapple yeah okay Linux using one free
hand you can try and see is the target
by making crap attack in athletics
contested by the targets athletics or
acrobatics yeah so it's gotta be
athletic scramble that's not good I'm a
very small guy but he's a wizard what if
you did a flip on to a very great okay
no that's okay alright I'm just chillin
right what if you cuz into II if you
stab somebody as they're doing a spell
it will [ __ ] up would that be the same
here non fifth edition' sucks can we
climb the rope you begin to climb the
rope and you can easily scale to the top
of the section to the window where the
rope is attached and as you guys are all
coming up onto this layer nevets you
hear the Wizards say come on Charlie
let's head down to the basement and
there's a noise that follows along with
some flapping and you hear footsteps
coming down the stairs towards you
nevets okay I would like to shave my
rapier and draw my dagger
I would like to hide in the shadows
downstairs if there's some part of this
room where it looks like I could
reasonably like if he's coming down the
stairs I wouldn't expect him to like
check all the corners as he's walking
down okay my goal is going to be when he
walks down the stairs if this bird is on
his shoulders
I would like to emerge from the shadows
grab the bird and hold a knife to the
birds throat all right you can stand
behind the staircase because it juts out
partially into the room okay and be
behind the person as he walks on down
okay alrighty feeley's love animals
wizard steps into view
passing through the bedroom the red
parrot is on his shoulder you hadn't
still have that 31 on your stealth check
so you are hidden and they are unaware
of your presence the rest of the party
has made it to the window what are you
doing at the window you could fit in
toki I would have to make an acrobatics
check dc-15a is just so big I'm gonna
bend the bars by their bed the [ __ ]
bars yeah
all right give me the world's greatest
strength Jack go can I give you a letter
okay athletic thing to do it's a pure
strength
oh no Lenny no not only aids you grip
the bars you start to pull but your
fingers start to go numb
spray on the body
lures are immune to poison what's the
material outside of the window behind it
I do believe the bars around sentient
and do not have feelings they will not
respond to words okay they're probably
brittle due to cold
I mean if 1/8 strength check didn't
break them down I'm trying to pull them
all right you want to use a weapon and
try and strike the bars what are you
gonna use I'm gonna use my shield to try
and lay no oh you should use this magic
short magic swords are impervious to
damage right we ruled that when you're
attacking gargoyles that the magic
weapons don't take breaking damage so
they should be able to attack stone
without being broken sorry yeah I guess
I'll go for I don't know what would you
better the stone or like hitting the
bars I mean I probably will try to hit
the bars if that doesn't work they don't
just start slacking at the stone blade
all right give me a roll to hit with
your sword against the bars 15 15 is
great you hit the bars and it rings out
with a loud
that echoes across the open Tundra
nevets you can hear the loud clang and
the wizard plus the parrots stopped in
their tracks as the bang of a sword hits
against the bars okay take a check and
then nevets you can take your action as
the wizard has just been alerted by the
bars but not to your presence okay I've
been alerted that there's something
banging on his window mmm the bars make
a saving throw a crushing blow why don't
you roll this I need you to roll me a
one d20 and you want to roll for a 12 or
lower to break the bars
oh you shatter the bar that you hit it
breaks and falls to the ground you can
all hear the metal clattering around you
never did it now you may but never seems
to take his action right now okay I mean
I would like to step forward from the
shot from the shadows and just grab the
parrot off of his shoulder and then hold
my dagger I guess to the parrot all
right give me an advantage I don't want
to stab him okay okay parrot has well
it's surprise so all but say see from
Dex is gone so it just has AC like 12
for being such a small thing okay in sa
c12 bucket ah you see ten I see I'm
coming from the ship problem I'm coming
from me two shadows they don't know I'm
there he stopped in his tracks once he
heard the ring that should be at
advantage as well okay whatever
off his shoulder okay and then I had the
wizard whirls around to face you
a small jacket or appearing in his hand
in his hand yes he has a dagger okay I'm
so I'm holding the dagger to the parrot
and I say listen we just want to talk
but I need to make sure that you're not
gonna roast B and my party with me
the half-elves eyes narrow at you you
don't seem like a friendly person you're
threatening my bird I mean you were
literally hurling spells at us when we
were outside of your tower I think I
have every right kind of look at the
parrot and back to the to the wizard I
think I have every right to be a tad bit
paranoid right now am I in the room
right now you guys are at the bottom of
the staircase here and you can hear the
conversation echoing down because it
just follows that London staircase what
do you want to do rushing up the slope
limits yes honey we'll rush oh Jesus all
right rushing on the staircase everyone
can hear you Lenny I need you to make me
a dexterity saving throw oh no you step
on Bobbie wait I have danger sense which
gives me advantage on saving throws
against a against effects that you can
see such as traps and/or spells
okay I'm not blinded deafened or
incapacitated
that's legit I should probably be able
to see the ball bats legit yes yeah
that's legit go ahead and give me
advantage on your deck save thank you 20
I do believe that's a pass Oh bearings d
c---ten dexterity Samuel Traut do you
step on a ball bearing and it begins to
slip your feet out but you just gently
you just keep going forward in ball
bearings fly out behind you peppering
tokey and Daffy or lower on the
staircase with small little bits of
metal but then they take down the
staircase is it like a little a little
hailstorm like yeah does it feel like
when you when you put your head out the
car we know when you're driving and the
Rigbys feel like feels like when your
brother throws marbles at your head yeah
we all know that
and she never once done happy okay okay
yes it's less comfortable than that you
guys can bust up into the Wizards
bedroom as he and Nevins are having
their when I come from behind the wizard
is he in front of us
ooh so the wizard if we're looking in
that bottom corner here let's just bring
in some party members Lennie is coming
from the staircase over here somewhere I
would assume you'd be turned around
because mm-hmm no I'm not here yeah
Toki's over here our friendly ice wizard
friendly neighborhood nice wizard man
mm-hmm
actually Nevins is our friendly
neighborhood spider-man oh really would
be right here looking at this so our
situation is something like that Lenny
will be appearing sort of money would go
and grapple him and give him a big bear
hug you can hear you guys all coming up
the stairs and this is getting
complicated let's do this in initiative
order let's do I can never roll a good
initiative I think it's [ __ ] up I owe
it this dude never it's what I think
Steven hacked his computer do you know
how many someone should go back I made
so many bad rolls yesterday in my other
campaign this is like my comeuppance oh
good can I get initiative for minutes
maybe reroll I'm gonna roll it even
higher now waves I can do this [ __ ] come
cuz nemesis here nevets watched all
three [ __ ] Bourne trilogy movies
before he set out in this adventure ok
you was [ __ ] ready for this [ __ ] I
think you've gotten more natural
twenties in this campaign that I've ever
gotten in my entire lifetime thank you
guys me a [ __ ] Barbra holy [ __ ]
alright nevets you have first action you
have a bird to the parents neck and the
parrot keep saying fireball fireball and
the wizard seems tentative okay wanting
necessarily to blow
okay as I'm holding the bird okay
I hold the bird to the side a little bit
okay I pull my dragged her away and I do
a little whatever is cool with it and
then I sheath it okay as you can clearly
hear my party coming up the stairs and I
say listen if we want to kill you
obviously we could do it anyway we don't
want to fight we just want to talk with
you we've been hired to retrieve an
object out here and maybe we can come to
some sort of agreement here that makes
so that all five of us can leave here
alive today while I hold the bird to the
side but any clearly less aggressive
manner than I have before okay that is
very diplomatic huh Toki you are the
next one you're at the bottom of the
staircase
i bottom of the the party coming up the
staircase we're small a little dwarf and
it's a good you know
wheelchair-accessible with for a tower
even though the stairs so you could
squeeze past the other people if you
want it just like repeat what he said
like I just want to talk no fighting
please I am a frail old lady I cannot
take the fights anymore yes please
wizard looks between the two of you sees
the the Lenni huffing and puffing up the
stairs and raises a finger chants the
words to a spell of smoke you can't
negotiate with Wizards I still have his
bird right you do have his bird that's
fine okay I I asked Toki I asked Toki I
guess Toki
well if he's blinking away how far away
could he be I don't do I know this
aren't you guys like wizard people oh no
you're a druid
Daffy as a bard I bet I bet I've worked
with some Wizards before right I've
worked I've met lots of people gave her
an Arcana role if she would know how
blink works
sure give me an hour cannibal death yeah
don't [ __ ] this up I'm gonna roll like
Nemitz okay
natural 20 incoming or at least about 15
okay okay hold on on natural 20 good
enough good enough let's see so you
would know that blink allows you do to
do to do to teleport within 10 feet of
you I think what I'd like 30 yes right
on a roll of 11 or higher you can vanish
from a current plane of existence appear
in the ethereal plane when the spell
ends if you're on the ethereal plane you
return to an unoccupied square of your
choice within 10 feet this is a weird
blink spell this is not what I'm used to
are like misty step I think is maybe 30
or 60 feet or something yeah let's take
a look at mystic step that's probably
more what you're looking for miss you
step is 30 feet I guess blink allows you
to walk through the ethereal plane for a
minute so again about 60 feet of range
so if you use either of those spells
he's either in this room or on a nearby
floor although I guess 60 feet does
allow you to go six floors up or six
floors down
Lani will run to the top of the stairs
and just kind of huff and puff like he's
he was like.he like he's just out of
breath are you going like further up the
staircase or just to the top of the
stairs in this room just where Lenny or
just for nevets us just like in that
room and just gonna huff and puff at the
top the party has arrived the parrot is
still in nevets hands and looks to him
and goes nice halfling very nice
halfling
may I hold the bird no no please oh holy
call hold onto the parrot for now okay I
give I'll give the parrot in Toki money
gets sad because I'm gonna get the
parrot
I'm sorry Lainey but we have to be very
careful this bird I can be careful
[Music]
do we want to run around and look to see
what this wizard teleported to he's on
another floor guys or what are we doing
why won't we find him it's God way to go
way to go he's gone he's gone wait it
dr. bot let me hold the bird no I'll get
info out of him
wait can we convince the Barret when I
tamed the parrot oh I have a good idea
I'm gonna castrate him and then and then
his friends you advantage on charisma
checks directed at one creature for sure
that isn't hostile towards you when it
all ends they become hostile to you
it'll realise you used a spell and it
may become hostile but the bird did just
say a fireball a few minutes ago
it is but it's always yeah so what are
you what are you gonna do now that you
cast friends I want to try to convince
him persuade him even to to let us till
to tell us where his master went walk me
through it
talk to me like I'm a bird okay
listen we never wanted to hurt your
master we just want to find him to make
sure he's okay
don't you want to make sure your master
is okay to parent don't you want to get
home safe
you know I bet he has lots of treats and
out here on the cold if you don't find
your master you probably will will
freeze to death parrot and and you
wouldn't want to freeze to death would
you so why don't you help us find your
master so we can bring you home safe
give me a persuasion check at advantage
because you have the friends spell on Oh
huh
can I go up and do my ranger spell yeah
you can go ahead and he will make a
saving throw to avoid right yeah so he
does he completely passes saving throw
he ignores Lenny
as Lenny approaches him like he's not
he's in the room like a passive
aggressive cat he keeps talking with
that I'm always safe masters always
coming for me but but what if he doesn't
come this time
what if you sit but if we have you and
rod on where he where he is then then
how are you gonna find him how is he
gonna find you he puts me in a pocket
yeah yeah but I want you in his pocket
if you in my pocket
okay guys I don't know the Wizards gone
for now he's downstairs downstairs let's
go downstairs do you guys think we
should call no I know I should the choir
we're gonna bring you we're gonna bring
you to your master okay night can I pet
the parrot like really nicely you know
like there's a certain sweet spot you
know what I mean I'm pretty good with
the animals I'm vegan don't think being
vegan means you're good with animals
coordinate bond and like all that good
stuff you know what I need okay give me
a nature check out advantage because
you're a druid who spends a lot of time
with these creatures see how well you
can how easily you can find the parrots
good spots miss doki we haven't eaten
all day I'm getting somewhere
well they jerk off the parrot so why
can't we blend the basement Oh cuz
you're dangerous am i killing
oh not he might kill us he'll probably
win win barb oh yeah the fireball spell
maybe if we go downstairs little
ambitious when the fireball or simile
user closest doesn't like people okay
maybe we make him come to us
why don't you go ahead and take an
inspiration friend
thank you No so the wizard uses fireball
but he actually has an inspiration to
roll on the DC checker some [ __ ] okay
okay guys well what do we do do we want
to go downstairs and try to confront the
wizard maybe we should try to knock him
out maybe we let him come to us we also
just want to talk to him
the spirt seems we what if we hold his
bird hostage I mean we have as bird
hostage but I feel like the longer we
wait the more at a disadvantage we could
be let's go
I feel like if we go into him he'll just
well we have this bird maybe he won't
want to mm-hmm
yeah let's continue to let's walk
downstairs while I have his bird like
hostage I'll take my dead rat again walk
with his bird like this put him in front
he has a levitate smell he could
levitate the bird I mean I'm holding on
to the bird so I would love a date with
him no nevermind you're right you're
holding for now you want you wanna hold
it on the weight I would like to hold on
to the bird firmly but you know not
hurting it like bird knows that I am not
going to hurt it cuz I am loved animals
I don't eat animals as long as you're
not gonna let it go Toki hey wait Doki
Doki dude animals with bird Toki go in
front yeah you don't okay cool
how is it thank you is delicious thank
you I okay I rubbed your donut I'm
watchin is that what is that what
talkies stones tastes like yeah
something like that sprinkle the sugar
in stuff thank you
marching order is Toki first then Dan
Lenny Lenny okay then probably never
spend off that's bringing up the rear
Daffy likes to be him behind you know he
likes to be in the back
I'm sure which is because he's uh he
doesn't have a lot of health yes yes
alright the party goes down the stairs
you go past that shattered bar section
where you guys came in Toki huh can you
make me a dexterity check for the second
section of ball bearings that were left
on the staircase below when the party
walked up well hold on as I'm walking
with them I think it's reasonable that I
would say like hey I put ball bearings
down there they would have saw it before
too like oh yeah and they would have had
to have seen them coming up the stairs
because Oliver's no the one above and
the one below and he hit the one above
knocked it down the one below stands is
still there okay I'll I'll say it's fair
go ahead and give me a dexterity saving
throw Toki don't worry about you kicked
the ball bearings out of the way you see
him coming
Thanks
the party comes down the staircase and
you start to enter into the area covered
by that lower building the staircase
begins to spiral more tightly coming in
towards the center of the tower in the
last 10 feet down and you come to a you
come around the corner and you can see
it open into a building at the bottom
and at the very bottom of the staircase
with their backs turned towards you on
either side of the staircase are two
more snowmen damnit at the bottom of the
circus are two more snow so know what
okay then let's just walk back upstairs
we're not fighting this right now wait
guys what if I just locate object while
we're in here what are you looking for
you want to live the orb okay alright so
you want to locate object on a orb we
should guys yes yeah do it it's a good
idea okay object do you describe a name
an object that is familiar to you since
the direction within thousand feet if
any thickness of lead blocks you but not
anything else
so what object are you looking for
describe or name an object familiar to
you so describe what you're looking for
daph is the orb familiar to me because
they told us what it looks like and
about it they just said that they
thought there was an orb of winter here
but that's all you know so in your mind
when you think the magic orb of winter
what does it look like what do you
imagine that this might be the magic orb
of winter yeah I imagine an orb that
might be glowing maybe maybe a pail
probably a cold color like a blue-white
grey kind of thing very mystical looking
maybe has
or like maybe has some snowflakes
twirling around inside I imagine a
beautiful or or cold looking orb okay
what sort of material do you think it's
made out of what do you guys think
manses you this is all on you it's gonna
be glass or glass or marble or something
yeah probably classroom marble but maybe
maybe something else because he's asking
yeah I guess um I guess glass glass all
with some sort of white blue maybe it's
just a magic orb in general so it's like
made of nothing technically you don't
matter so you then you're not looking
for something made of a specific
material you're just looking for
something yeah I think of the orb
I don't think of the material I think of
the magic emanating from it and as a
magic user I and I am detecting you know
also the magic inside of it right like
that that's the main something something
that is filled with so much raw magic
can only be described sure all right you
get a ping on your locate object spell
something below you couple floors down
and a little bit off to the side yeah
there's something nearby I need to tell
my party that it's downstairs or
upstairs or downstairs twenty or thirty
feet below you
debits maybe the word since we have his
parrot maybe they could they could call
it off I don't know if we would rely on
the snow people being bad Intel I think
if we if we got the orb we could like
turn off no I don't know if that's true
if there's summoned creatures
I don't know how reliant they are and it
being smelly around here I will pet the
parrot and ask can you make those golems
not attack us who the parent already
doesn't like lynnie let's see how it
goes hate you it's just kind of you know
he heard you say something about eating
the pear at once and he's hated you have
sort of hated you ever since um
her it's still being stroked by toki
says i don't control them i don't
control them will they let us pass with
you in hand never happened before never
happened before never happened before
i'll go to pet the parrot nicely and i
guess at the bottom of our staircase why
don't we take our last break right here
and when we come back we will venture in
to the lower depths of our dungeon okay
sounds good
hello welcome back nice and many you are
on the staircase you are looking down
there are two snowmen guards on either
side of you the orb that you're looking
for is a few floors below you in the
ground what are you gonna do if the para
is quietly being stroked by Toki and
just birds don't quite / but I think to
itself I really like your play hmm okay
let's think about this okay I'm still
thinking hmm
well I think that never could maybe
possibly sneak downstairs and again I
don't I don't think he's going to be
able to sneak past these golems death so
the goldens are downstairs right mm-hmm
mr. parrot anyway to call off the dope
golems or make sure they don't attack I
don't make them who makes the wizard
downstairs huh he controls them
maybe we ask parrot to make them ask
them to go away I think we're just gonna
have to wait upstairs and figure
something else out I don't think we
gonna be able to just sneak by two ice
columns guys yeah yeah yeah or get them
to walk away like they're clearly
summoned by the wizard or at least in
you know his employee so the wizard
appears somehow well we hope that if we
are upstairs he'll come up here
eventually you should right
yeah if we draw the wizard here and we
throw him a party how are we gonna draw
him upstairs
I could do that we're going to kill his
parrot if he does not come upstairs
we're not gonna kill the parrot there
another way down a secret hatch maybe
[Music]
teleport teleport why it's the gone so
mean to us why do they hurt us they're
not mean they're stupid they know
protect the castle protect the castle
keep it safe I have Turner's big idea
what do you think idea what if I throw
something big outside the window outside
like the castle and maybe they'll go
after it is there a chair up near one of
these windows or like a big item
anything okay come to his bedroom and
there's stuff that you can throw out the
windows totally and then we fight the
wizard by yourself yeah or I mean talk
to the wizard kindly
what were you gonna say quit me doesn't
matter well no one matters over you does
matter we're curious no please your word
is important you were saying but before
that so please continue
wait we want to hear you I was just
gonna ask some questions about where you
think you are what you think this place
is about I was gonna try and generate
some ideas for you by probing with
questions but you guys are on the right
track already a thing yeah miss mr.
Daffy hmm can I go to his bedroom and
throw something out the window and then
you guys block off the door if they go
yes I will
Lenny will stop up the stairs quietly
hidden all right yeah you get back up to
the bedroom by yourself what do I see
that's like there's a bookshelf with
some things on it there's a bed with a
sideboard table there's a single size
board table and I open it anything
inside I just empty the contents onto
the floor and I take the table and I
check it out I would assume it's small
it's a small table you're gonna have to
break it apart to get it through the
window cuz there's bars on the window
yeah you could easily like break the
legs off and just chuck the middle part
the top part of it out you wait didn't I
bend or break one of these bars that was
lower down that window lower if you
wanted oh just do it at the lower window
if I can fit the whole thing think of a
bigger sound so you chuck his bedside
table out of the window as far as I can
like to the right so like they can hear
it but they gotta go like a bit away
from the door okay cool you chuck it out
the window it lands on the ground with a
crash
back down at the bottom of the staircase
what are you guys doing we're seeing if
the golems of moved right if they move
know what oh yeah they don't hear
anything remember
or they might also be ordered by the
wizard to stay here in garden so it
depends as well that's true oh yes - I
guess it's not there since it's not
their senses what they hear it's what
the wizard hears and the wizard is a
person capable of thinking parrot can
the wizard see what moves me what can
the wizard see what you see does he see
us right now capacity to know that
you're dumb oh my god this what if we
give you what if we give you cracker
cracker Polly wants a cracker know this
pattern I think says he's my friend
controlled by the wizard just like the
golems I think this peril is no I don't
I don't there they were having the
wizard - fireball earlier yeah they were
having a conversation earlier I don't
think he's having a conversation
Millie errs work like there's no reason
to think this is a familiar how does the
parent know he's dumb habit how he'll is
he smart enough to know he's dumb
I say we kill the parrot and continue on
let's just go upstairs we're not killing
you we're not killing I wanna I wanna
um I want to take out a dagger and I
want to put it towards the parrot and I
want to say maybe if the wizard doesn't
come upstairs within the next two
minutes
we should just kill the parent the
parrot vanishes yeah and your hands that
are holding the parrot tight so it
doesn't fly away just collapse in to
finish no that means the wizard knew
where we were the whole time maybe and
he was a good one guys the paradigm
wizard are definitely connected yeah
yeah no that wasn't Game of Thrones
it kills mafia I [ __ ] knew it she
loved it she was yeah the wizard was
probably distracting us actually maybe
he's building I'm a frickin Gollum army
right now he might be prepping all his
spells
he's probably distracting us this entire
time well the wizard can't prepare
spells in this short of a time it was
probably real parrot let's not worry
about the parrot right now we have to
get to the basement and there are two
golems that are blocking our path right
what are we gonna do about that fight
them work you want us to fight - ice
cold on his head on when we could win
through that we can barely manage one
between the four of us I don't have that
we have torch there is there any magical
lots of supplies if my weapon was like
computed with light that wouldn't be
enough to make it a magical weapon that
could attack us no man without losing
half its damage is it no the downstairs
look looks like know if you can see
around the corner you got like a small
angle view there's a snowman on either
side of entrance you can just kind of
see the balls sticking out and then
beyond that looks like it is a pathway
to the portcullis
and there's a little bit of maybe some
snow trails that have come in by rolling
snowmen and past give me a perception
check CPR an investigation check to see
if you can get any clues out of that
little area that you can see no no idea
what are we taking a look at right now
what we trying to see hello
you were trying to see if you could make
any if you can figure out where the
wizard went by the clues on the ground
both for you yeah
no DAF can't see very well but nevets is
closer to the ground so he's got a more
shallow angle on the the floor below you
ceiling as much and you can see that in
the little bit of snow that is on the
inside of this area there are some
footsteps that peel to the right can you
hold my can you explain the layout here
so my understanding is that we're up
some stairs in a spiral staircase and if
we go down at all there are two snow
elemental so they're just kind of like
at the bottom like blocking us mm-hmm
what am I looking down I just see that
he like walked further down the stairs
or right so if we if this is the the
entrance here are our stairs coming down
the spiral staircase we're gonna have
this just be this is too high up see
we've got one elemental here well an
elemental here and you can see some
snowy tracks like there's a little bit
of snow that has kind of come in from
the gate which is right here
and you can see in the snowy tracks
there are some steps headed that way
all right deaf what are we doing really
good it's a really good question
nevets well I don't think there's any
way we can fight the GALT the two golems
head-on I think we have to find the
wizard and if I fight the wizard alone
without the gongs
of course how do we get me ask the
wizards that's the question look like
the columns did it look like the
footstep for a human that led outside
they don't go outside okay they do look
human
okay let's boys human if I put down a
few items I'm very fast I could go out
the window and I could run around for a
bit so they're golems go after me and
you guys can get downstairs
what is don't can't be see what if we do
pass without trace everyone waits
upstairs I go downstairs a little bit
and I chuck pebbles at them they'll be
like whoa what's that and they'll come
upstairs and then we sneak back no
biggest pass without a trace doesn't
make you invisible well I don't know -
goal once again see [ __ ] I don't know um
that's my I am done
[Music]
Toki do you are Jeff do you have another
protection spell what do you mean by
protection that you can protect from the
elements
it was totally Toki do you have one more
of those I mean if they casted on me I
would take quarter damage like no even
less than quarter because I have my kiss
if I have an advantage on the save and
then I have my bear form and then I
would have that so I would take like
okay I don't know what it would be
listen we could go through this just
Lenny style we could just empower Lenny
as much as we can it's a reasonable to
assume that going down these stairs it's
only gonna be one snowman fighting at
the time it's not room for like both to
stand at the side and fight right if
they are on the staircase only one can
fight but if someone's at the bottom of
the staircase they are available to be
hit by both snow folks does it open up
enough for like all of us to fight down
there or what oh yeah definitely the
area below the Snowman is wide enough
that everyone could be engaged I think
like the best thing we can do is like
the tube just sit in the back and heal
me when I get low and you like stab from
inside okay no I mean this is well this
is like our big fight final encounters
the wizard is we die or we kill it in
like two hits well yeah the wizard will
be easy the wizards also burned through
would you guys know anything about the
type of teleportation spell is this like
a big spell slot spell or three then you
would see him burn one of our spell
casters give me an hour can of check to
see what you know about the teleport
spell yeah I keep rolling the same thing
twice sorry - it's not your day Toki
you've been around for a long time and
you've known plenty of wizards in your
noble lifespan you know that teleport is
a rare spell it requires a very powerful
wizard to be able to cast more powerful
than the court wizard in
krong wick more powerful do pork wizard
in whalers a you it is a fifth level
spell so you would need to be at least
level nine to cast it oh Jesus sorry
we're out of our element not funny
inspiration that was so funny Stevens
it's funny I will say it's funny in
private at least that inspired me I
think that Lily should get inspired and
return okay so are we on board for I go
down I take literally everything and you
guys just kill me and I think that we
can not under any circumstances fight
this freaking wizard dude what are we
gonna do okay so we just leave Kate no
no we can't leave guys we can't hear you
when you whisper we fight the golems
nevets
sneaks and grabs the orb which is down
there and then we book it and he will
teleport doesn't find us we have passed
that trace what my pass without trees
and turn myself into a mouse I believe
in teleportation I don't even know I
should say it never mind wait wait wait
Toki can transform it wait wait
Toki can change form into a very small
animal go downstairs to the orb change
yourself into a human put it in our bag
go back upstairs an animal form and then
we can leave clothes no actually that's
close but it would be very scary for you
to be downstairs on your own with the
wizard who is level 9 while you're
looking for that orb you could just
hover it kill you however what we could
do is I don't read lips what we could do
[ __ ] now I feel like I missed something
chat what is quite we saying what we
could do is you could turn into a small
animal I'll put you in my pocket and we
split here
lenny and death you to hold the snow
elementals off on the stairs okay and
retreat into the upper part of the
castle i will slip down stairs with toki
my pocket and we will confront the
wizard will take him out we'll just
knock him down we won't kill him we'll
take out the wizard we'll find the orb
and then we'll figure out what to do
from there yes if we knock him down we
still get wizard XP okay i don't know
what that means lenny but okay i think
that weapon we should run with do we
agree let's do it you're gonna turn into
a mouse i'll place in my pocket i'm
gonna pop out I'm gonna hop out one of
these windows Lenny and death are going
to draw the attention of the snow of the
snow elementals to the bottom of the
stairs we're going to slip past and then
slip into the basement after they've
begun fighting hopefully we can either
sneak up on the wizard again or sneak
down there and confront him you'll
transform back into a human we'll knock
out the wizard will grab the will grab
the orb we'll meet back up at the pub
and we'll have some drinks till this all
blows over if that's what we're gonna do
wait what made you think two of us
converse a high-level wizard though I
very coolly twirl one of my daggers in
the air wait you can't I can do this
very coolly what would I do it to be
close to be like a dex thing okay it's
cool enough right and I say we'll take
him out Toki don't worry let's die
finally okay we doing it yes I start to
head down the stairs tonight wait hold
on
so Lily transforms into a mouse do you
need to roll HP you know what we have to
leave stop in about 15 minutes yeah we
should do our prep and not actually
begin it we should do all of this in one
big chunk it'd be weird to break it up
oh god I'm so the prep you want to do
before we call it a day what we have
thirty melts I mean I'd like to say some
some prayers because DAF isn't a
religious man but he doesn't want to go
to heaven before he dies
it happened very soon so um let's all
pray to the gods so that we we have a
safe a safe death okay sounds good I'm
not gonna pray nevets is not a prayer
we'll be fine
what's the alternative death okay then
what this is what we're doing why the
wizard how do we we have to fight him
he's downstairs with the orb death death
you realize we found a wizard earlier in
the week and we killed him in one hit
wizard either kill you instantly or you
kill them Wizards are strong when
they're looking at you from above an
ivory tower but when you're right in
front of one you can cut them down just
as easy as any normal men nope we're
ready all right so you're gonna turn
into a mouse pop into his pockets
there's gonna be a distraction and with
it you're gonna slip down below yeah
that's what we're gonna do okay we will
see you guys next week with the
thrilling conclusion of our ice tower
adventure great I think we'll be okay
all right we're gonna everyone is raging
oh hi I'm destiny you can find me on TV
slash destiny I play survival games
where you resource manages
professionally so games like rim world
oxygen not included stardew valley and
as of recently join me on my exciting
adventures and a wonderful game called
forager will you collect resources so
that you can build objects to collect
even more resources so you can build
even more objects to collect even more
resources you can find me at twitch TV
slash destiny Lily shut the [ __ ] up I'm
in the middle of my outro okay and now
below me Lily can go ahead and give her
own outro and I don't think anybody else
will rudely speak in the middle of it
like she did mine alright mr. Rudin Lily
Picchu why did she interrupt everyone
yeah she is interrupting everybody mr.
Merton give us an outcome uh I don't
know if Kate's being around me so I'll
just make it quick I'm mr. moon
Trisha TV slash fishermen I'll be on
tomorrow morning I astray mainly for the
EU people good like Kate Erina what do
you got to be so skater you know wow you
guys you four people are for my favorite
people on Twitch I'm having a lot of fun
playing this I'm glad you guys are only
four levels oh good one I try to be
wholesome I tried to be nice but you
know what that's fine I hope you're
[ __ ] uber in a video game
no you can't get some flat tire yeah
that's what I hope you're Ober today
gets a flat tire also Lily I'm gonna I'm
gonna good both you'll be stuck away
from me I'll play so many [ __ ]
videogames gonna have so much fun oh my
god I'm getting so excited right now
Lily we're gonna eat more of those chips
and you're not even gonna know about it
mr. Mouton
I'll think of something for you and Neil
go ahead and our trusty campaigns all
the time sounds good alright I don't
know if we'll be here next week
the 30 finalists that like Blizzcon is
the first a second well no closer to the
date but we'll see first yeah I can't I
can't do first I don't know when I was a
kid I always got really sad when we had
Halloween days Lily left some I said
cameras up says thanks a lot guys it's
been fun I'll see you guys later
[Music]
[Music]
