all right so so the point of this
holmium right was was to give us like
some interaction with you because like
you never come into discord anymore
except for like yesterday apparently
good so this is gonna be an ama with the
discord meemers if you're subbed and
your [ __ ] is connected on discord and
you can p.m. a question to me or bonkers
and we'll go down the list we got a list
of questions that people already posed
and if you're in the gens sub little
channel or whatever we'll bring you in
when the time is right okay make sure
they are following an Instagram as well
okay yeah be sure that their Instagram
accounts okay hey dude I'm like this is
a great [ __ ] revenue stream because
all these people are gonna sub so they
can me my good I need where I not know
okay how do you even monetize so so
let's start to say in May with why
Instagram white how can you even
monetize that cuz as soon as I get the
rest of my outfit put together I'm gonna
be taking selfies all the time I'm gonna
be so cute people even like oh [ __ ] if
we pay that guy to wear clothes you can
send them travel around the world
[ __ ] a hot rich everything thing
yes that's realistic yeah it's happening
it's gonna happen Stan Lidge okay all
right so you wanna you want to get some
like meme questions out of the way do
you want to talk about the toys you ask
me anything about Elms I'm instantly
leaving
I hope we're not gonna maim in here okay
preventing me Murray okay okay all right
I'm gonna pull you want to talk about
any other meme so you want you want to
just pull somebody in and just [ __ ]
do it dude just do it up let me get a
new path of x0 awesome get in here you
want to ask your question dude you are
alive my duder I I wanted someone else
to ask it but okay I'm sending you know
you can do it wait make him do it make
him do it listen okay axe your question
kid he's shy dude I'm not shy I'm just
in the middle of a very hard dough to
match okay have someone else ask it and
don't [ __ ] him up
all right the first question is from
Austin the question reads do you truly
think you were yourself as a zygote your
brain is not formed and you yourself
parenthesis personality comes from the
neural pathways which are formed over
time in the brain it sounds like a
abortion question I mean no you're
probably not truly yourself I don't know
if you're ever truly yourself because
you I mean like because you're
constantly changing are you truly
yourself when you're six months old I
mean okay okay all right the next
questions from Xena phone good if there
was an alt if there was an alternative
to meet which was lab-grown
it's more or less assignment of the same
nutritional values organic meat would
destiny change his stance on killing
animals parentheses social contracts
and/or go vegan meat I mean if that meat
was equal to or cheaper than current me
environmental impact would probably be
way better are you familiar with the
argument that like that even even the
lab-grown meat isn't like isn't kosher
because they had to get it from an
animal and that breaks the social
contract with the animal at some point
no sounds really done though yeah
alright so you would switch that you
would switch to lab-grown meat good for
you then vegan people we're gonna love
you thanks alright the next question is
from eSports why haven't you gone back
to college and finished a degree clearly
you make enough money and with your
credits you could do one class a
semester and graduate and be graduated
by now are you thinking about going back
to college my do turn on your music it's
a lot of no I go back and I probably got
a philosophy degree if I went back but I
don't know I just have the [ __ ] time
dude to him interesting because the next
question is if you went back to college
of the fresh fresh slate what would you
major in or why I would get a philosophy
degree cuz I think philosophy is [ __ ]
awesome
and I think all the [ __ ] that a little
bit of [ __ ] that I've learned from
philosophy is probably helped me more
than any
else yeah on that note like D are you
because people seem to ask a lot like
his destiny reading like like please
tell destiny to read like this yeah I
read Wikipedia pages every [ __ ] day
dude but I think like like literature
wise you're not reading I ain't got time
for that [ __ ] Plato's the Republic
or anything like that right maybe
someday though alright this is kind of a
meme so much shut sure okay you can he
asked cutie pie to teach him a DC and
League so he can learn what it's doing
some iam dude fence a good one all right
through blit has Destiny's gun stance
change as the anti-gun or pro-gun no I
don't [ __ ] know I like guns and I
like my right to own guns what people
had pretty [ __ ] stupid and every
single day I think people lose their
bless and less freedom because the more
freedom they have the more dumb [ __ ]
decisions they'll make so are you I want
to talk about guns way way way back but
I think that time has passed right you
can seem to I do it now is the
appropriate okay it seems like the
problem with the whole gun meme is that
everyone wants to do like a philosophy
argument about whether or not banning
guns is good or bad and like they
sidestep the entire legal battle in the
United States in which I mean nothing is
32 different arguments you can talk
about the philosophy argument then you
can talk about the legal argument right
yeah but I get I get frustrated that
people are frustrated they're just like
why don't we have change in gun
legislation in the United States like
there's all these philosophical
arguments for it and they have no
inkling of like the actual federal laws
state laws the Court precedent and all
that and that's what you have to fight
right actually oh yeah and you want to
actually change it'd be really [ __ ]
hard because of how much is baked into
the Second Amendment right like I said
got a you got a repeal the Second
Amendment my dude possibly yeah we're
keep my own gun legislate around it what
you got to do yep alright Ben's question
follow-up all right the next question is
from Danny Boy Wow how would you exert
entry to everybody okay
from Danny Boy go for it Danny Boy how
would you explain why you are a
non-believer of religion because there's
no evidence of any higher powers so I'm
gonna believe any of that [ __ ]
so just a blanket statement of non of no
I don't see any evidence in the universe
for any kind of spooky mystical [ __ ]
so I'm not a believer in a new type of
higher power right yeah yeah all right
Attila the weeb would you ever do a talk
show and I've got a follow-up question
to that if I found someone else to
manage every aspect of it for me only to
show up than sharing oh man it almost
sounds like that's a great job for me
you know that setting this up is like
herding cats dude is great that our team
does the hard end herding cats are you
not familiar with that no I don't know
that it's it's very hard to herd cats
they don't like to follow instruction Oh
herd cats yeah I think work to cats I
was getting really confused yeah maybe
I'm gonna get banned for saying this but
like memeing on cake and stuff oh my god
dude
like you you if you've intentionally set
up this discord to put like barriers in
front of your like person I haven't I
can't have it in my mod team gets like
super [ __ ] insane over everything you
gotta take the good with the bad okay
and then like mr. moon wouldn't even
like wouldn't even do a reddit post and
[ __ ] like you didn't want to do anything
yeah because the the stuff with harked
and what Devin seems really really fun I
mean if if like if anybody could already
I could organize it I don't know do you
have a manager no it seems like bringing
like just kind of people like that
interesting people together would be
would be a really neat thing to do like
on a on a Sunday afternoon yeah maybe
it's just the thing is that like my view
for how that it would all work is always
way different than other people's like I
like talking you know harken and Devin
but I don't think I would want to do
that like every single week you think
you'd run out of stuff to talk about no
it's just not the most interesting stuff
I'd like to talk about like
like it to be more unlike more serious
issues so on that note so the is is a
final verdict I guess that the doing
politics on YouTube and other stuff on
Twitch that's not gonna work right I
think I can I got a more serious email
from my youtube I might switch guy I
need to talk to him cuz he [ __ ] clip
everything that ends up on subreddit and
I think he got a little bit worried it
sounded like he was more okay with it
I think his response back to me
yesterday was a little quick and he I
think he took a little bit more time
email me a better response today maybe
see those long as I'm not like targeting
twitch partners or using twitch and then
going off platform and harassing people
I'm probably okay I couldn't have more
serious political discussions okay so
and like I think the big meme with like
a twitch ban is that you can no longer
interact with anybody that wants to be
on that platform like role robot U or L
robot alright so the next question is
from the bread pill is gonna be a
comment yeah two questions now how can
you have strong opinions against forms
of socialism when you don't engage with
any socialist a specialist but I don't
have strong opinions about it I have no
opinions about it that's a litter than
my whole thing I don't are you or you
know unity of literal lefties in my
[ __ ] dis car that is super [ __ ]
ass pain that I don't like constantly
debate the [ __ ] literature whatever
on they've totally hijacked your
attitude so follow-up question oh ho ho
bro the pilot I did wait [ __ ] let me
start over what do you call a gay pilot
see destinies last twitch stream okay
hilarious ma'am alright sorry I go again
I restart that if if the bread pill
males either personal copy of the red
book will you please read it no
okay all right boys you heard him all
right the next question is from Xin Ian
I'd like to ask him about which of the
three qualities the successful streamer
needs to have do you think there's I get
this question like a million [ __ ]
times and it's like people looking for
like what is the secret ingredient the
most important thing is to have
something that makes you stand out from
everybody else that's the most important
thing the second most important thing is
probably to stream like a lot in on a
schedule like people need to be able to
to incorporate you into their daily
schedule at some point and then the
third thing is probably to make sure you
have like all of your bare minimum base
is covered you can't be streaming at
720p 10fps you can't be like you have to
have a decent microphone you can't be
using a headset mic or some [ __ ] link
yeah I pulls it in here cuz he's got a
follow-up as well as an anthem if that
Maximilian guy wants to talk when I'm
done with us we can I don't know what
we'll be talking about but sure I've got
nothing to do with that my Mimar yeah
but no no I'm sorry is not gonna try you
yeah so I'm just kind of curious I got
kind of two questions for you guess you
can pick one of the two oh boy my first
one was um if I mean like you've spoken
before about not suggesting people start
streaming for a job but if one were to
like the if they were to start doing so
do you think that it's actual gameplay
like social conversation or like a
gimmick that's like most important for
the success of their stream I mean it
could be any of those if you're like the
literal best game where like the literal
best player in like a game I mean you
can get viewers that way if you're like
literally the best like or like a super
duper funny dude I mean you can give
yours that way out it's just like it's
just answering that question like why
should I watch you over somebody else
that's like if you have a good answer to
that then you're good to go
that's like the most important thing I
guess and then was our second question I
was just wondering if you thought that
you're at which brand or
if your platforms that were under attack
might have had something to do with sort
of taking a antagonistic stance to like
the right-wing memes on the internet
recently you mean today or did to taking
an antagonistic stance towards
right-wing means lead people to report
my [ __ ] or whatever yeah yeah we're just
wondering if you think that's still
going on oh um it's possible I don't
know tell you hard for me to quantify
that I mean I would say probably but
it's hard for me to actually know for
sure right
yeah and that's that's all my
compressions they're pretty shitty but
thanks dude yeah no problem dude all
right the next question is from Lou PDK
when I say if he's in djenne subs no
he's not all right Lou PDK what's your
view on death aid and how do you tackle
the issues with people at death's door
dealing with these choices aid what is
death aid I wish this person had
messaged me because I would have asked
is a blonde or this one
I'm guessing it's talk about like
end-of-life care death aid why aid is
not working at how there is a better way
for Africa Oh dead aid [ __ ] Oh
assisted suicide who's is that a do some
people say death aid in some places I've
never heard that in my life okay
I mean assisted suicide should be it
should be a right I mean [ __ ] like seems
like people in shutters saying assisted
suicide or euthanasia yeah I mean like
it's your life you should have a right
to end it if you want
Plus pragmatically speaking the general
older population tends to be Republican
so the more of them that go for it the
probably the better so yeah I'm for it
on the philosophical and the pragmatic
side yeah
hola time I'm organizing questions sure
thing all right Jin door asks can you
ask him about D&D campaign and if you
would be allowed to play that during his
ban probably not I'm not gonna [ __ ]
push the boundaries like I I can't show
any gaming stuff on I'm not gonna try to
find anything technically it's not again
one way I'm not gonna try to push
anything like a chess would qualify with
a ban you for playing the oldest game in
the world I don't know actually that's a
good question I would like showing chess
go or a game of kings but you'd have to
play with mr. moon so that'd be a really
short ass dream all right
Gordo if Starcraft 2 were to come back
into the spotlight would we see you play
again um yeah I mean if it would
actually like to be like a resurgence
yeah I would probably play again yeah
for sure yeah I thought about just going
back and like casually playing louder
but [ __ ] is so hard to get motivated for
a game that it seems like that the
community is so small for it I don't
know why it shouldn't be but well but if
the community small ferb League and
people still watch it playing that even
though like they don't like it's like
isn't a live game man if you go to a
[ __ ] if you go to like a college and
they've got like I went to the U you you
wash is it you wash or you never I don't
know what they call it with the
abbreviation is I don't think it's you
wash but the University of Washington
they've got like a league club right a
league club if you go to their league
club it's like [ __ ] 500 people there
dude it's insane
you watch sounds like a washer maybe is
it you dub oh maybe you dub but um yeah
that [ __ ] is crazy man
I don't know maybe I'll incorporate more
starcraft ladder it's also really hard
for me I don't like to play I don't like
to play anything in moderation too which
is something a lot of my fans have a
huge truck or have a lot of trouble
understanding like I don't like to pick
up a game like a competitive game and
play for like thirty minutes a day
that's not fun for me I can't do that
that is absolutely not what I enjoy
doing not a casual game I do
yeah no it's real I can do like
single-player games and share but if I
get into something I'm
going hard and like I can't hello would
you would you consider like a Dark Souls
playthrough Dark Souls pretty Mimi yeah
I've already played through most of that
I think I've done up to three
I played did I beat too much dream I
think I did too three in blood-borne
already the next question is from s park
let me see if he's on the means no he's
not alright s Park asked question for
destiny how do you think living in
Nebraska affects your political views
compared to if you Liddy how do you
think living in Nebraska affects your
political views your political views do
they live in what the long would you
have different political views if you
lived in like a big mainstream city oh
maybe I don't know yeah I guess kind of
comparatively speaking sure but I mean I
don't know I don't know it would
obviously impact me it's impossible for
me to say how it would impact me maybe I
would have grown up liberal and become
conservative maybe I would grow up as a
[ __ ] idiot or maybe I grow a smarter
it's impossible for you to say I have an
idea I can't predict what my life would
be like if I grew up in a totally
different place I'd have no idea I can't
even speculate all right I'm gonna pull
through blood and he's gonna ask a
follow-up oh boy hey Ferb let your live
dude you ready you got a question about
PACs yeah question about PACs yeah oh my
god meet you on stream I saw you I met
you
two years ago at PAX and I got your
signature I'm just wondering are you
going to PACs this year um Peg's we're
tax prime or cattle or whatever yes
what's the date think it's I think
September first to like or August 31st
to September 3rd
August um maybe I don't have any plans
to do it right now whether that might
change in the future are you guys going
to Japan around that time um I don't
[ __ ] know do
maybe maybe okay
can I give a shout-out to chat okay [ __ ]
no [ __ ] off get him out of here
everybody nope I got you I love you Gigi
chat oh dude no matter the twitch people
that like twitch that doesn't even exist
right now
Oh riperino voice alright so zero zero
what does destiny think of this
California Supreme Court ruling
unanimous unanimously that just because
of law is impossible to comply with
doesn't give you a basis for challenging
/ overturning it that's like a legal
ma'am I don't know I talked to be more
familiar with the ruling and what it
concerns itself with zero zero if you
want to be him about that jump into Jen
sobs if you're subscribed we'll do that
later
all right Danny Boy you go to unmute
yourself my duder your life oh you had a
question about tournaments yeah
so I remember I used to watch you
destiny uh around 2011/12 in stock up to
you I was kind of wondering when you
obtained somewhat semi competitive
that's competitive did you ever like
