jedd burrito what's up you're in here
what's up hey what's going on so I had
an issue with your take on the shooting
dank dank dank here's Franklin that was
the one where he they asked him to drop
the weapon and he ended up pulling it
out and then they shot him yeah so my
big issue with that was like okay
definitely you I think you said he was
on drugs and if he was and he was not
responding to the officers you know yeah
like I understand that like there are
things that he possibly could have done
to make the situation better however you
gotta take a look at the police officers
actions and you know because that's
that's really what matters right like
this guy can do anything and it doesn't
matter what matters is the officer's
actions and did they follow the
procedures for the the the right
procedures to make the best possible
outcome right okay so he didn't have a
gun in his hand he had it in his
waistband mm-hmm now when you ask
someone to drop the weapon and they have
it in their waistband
what does that mean what do they drop
the weapon well you have a how how do
they how can you get to the weapon if
it's in your waistband if it's your hand
you just let go right and you drop it
sure well you raise your hand so you can
indicate with the officers or there's
like a million other things you do but
yeah but that wasn't the command oh [ __ ]
do you want sir he is baiting the answer
that yes sir draw his gun first yeah I
know
yellow oh hey what's up sorry about that
just [ __ ] telemarketers whatever all
right so so yeah I mean like by by
ordering him to drop the weapon rather
than like a scam to get on the floor or
put his hands up because if you ask the
guy to put his hands up they can maybe
approach safely and actually remove the
weapon for him because that's that's
possibly he might have thought he
already had his weapon drawn to him
Russian I mean
true but if they didn't see it then like
you know why would you make the command
like if you don't have visual
confirmation so like like one thing that
I get a lot so like with does to your
rice shooting there was like an argument
maids like well on the dispatch they
said that he was pointed the guns at
people and he was like an adult and all
this stuff and honestly he wasn't any of
those things and this is the problem is
that like police officers are often
making these decisions based off of
prior information which can be faulty
right yeah and just in terms of like
like just procedures you probably
shouldn't be making decisions based off
of just purely what you get off the
dispatch you should be you know at least
somewhat making decisions based off of
what you can see right so if they don't
have a visual of him having a gun in his
hand there really isn't a reason why you
should say drop the weapon you should
say get on the floor or something else I
mean it just seemed like it was a
completely out of order and by worrying
him to drop the weapon he has to draw
the weapon and drawing the weapon is
what got him shot okay so I mean don't
you think that's you know the officers
in a way set him up for failure I mean I
kind of feel like what God Michelle was
the incredibly weird and sketchy
behavior he was exhibiting in
combination with the fact that when he
drew his gun it almost likely he was
about to pointed at the guy in front of
him but that's fine but I mean like and
in terms of like perceived might have
been but you know if they asked him to
put his hands up he draweth 11 points
with them anything any number of things
I'm not trying to make an argument for
that I'm just trying to make the
argument that if you're gonna say that
the officers did nothing wrong
then you know yeah like I if this is a
really like consequentialism that'd be
more like like Conte and right like the
officers have to do their due diligence
and do the best possible thing that they
are supposed to do in the situation and
asking someone to drop the weapon when
it's in their waistband is setting them
up for failure
okay so no that's that's just that's
just well I just want to make sure that
like you know we talk up because when
you approach like these discussions
about like you know police officers and
things like that there's all types all
types of hypotheticals that could happen
like like like oh he could have drawn
the weapon he could have handed at them
like he could you know that's kind of
what people get into and the problem is
that
you know any number of things can happen
but it's not about what could happen
it's about what the situation well yeah
I guess it's not fair to say like it's
what the situation actually is right
because you know the argument that comes
into the defense of the officer is what
potential danger there was right yeah
yeah I mean again I just feel like the
procedures that the officers took were
not we're setting the guy up for failure
and you know it's possible that you know
if his behavior was a bit better that
you know he so do you know what the the
guy who was from Africa who got shot on
a stoop in New York City no I don't know
but this one would happen so basically
he was from Hughes from Africa didn't
speak English and he sees the police
officers come up and he goes he doesn't
have his identification on him so he
rushes inside to go get it and they
shoot him in the back as he's doing so
because you know they they heard some
suspicious activity in the area and they
were like going to check it out and then
they see the guy and he's going to get
his identification for them and the
thing is that so if let's say in this
situation you know maybe this guy was
you know mentally challenged or he was
in in some way not able to articulate
himself I mean I don't really think that
that's like a fair is fair to just
expose those types of the people that
have difficulty communicating to that
level of danger I mean essentially they
had guns trained on them they more or
less had the situation in control he was
far from like aiming the gun at them and
their instructions were to drop the
weapon so I don't know like I was like
worried where the cop situation wasn't
that he was gonna shoot one of the
officers that he was about to shoot the
guy that was right in front of him that
they've gotten a call that he had been
aiming a gun at earlier and that he was
nailing in front of outside of this guy
like in the car in a threatening manner
right okay right so I mean do you think
that do you think that it's fair for
police officers to per situation of I
guess being willing to cause harm to
prevent
harm yeah 100 yeah of course right right
okay but like if if they don't know that
they're going to cause harm if they
don't know that they're gonna prevent
harm then they could potentially just be
causing harm right yeah but you never
know if you're going to prevent harm you
can't know anything about a situation
100% you just gotta make your best
judgment when you're on the ground right
that's yeah that's absolute true but I
mean and you need a certain amount of
information to make an informed decision
right so like in this situation yeah he
could have shot the guy but like I mean
he didn't aim that the guy yet right I
mean honor the promises he was he was
about he was about like a third of a
second from shooting the guy in the face
maybe maybe a third of a second from
from being able to face do you did did
he was he yeah easily
oh yeah easily I'd bet my life on that
yeah of course the guy had the gun
almost at level with the guy's legs he
just needed to aim it up like maybe
[ __ ] what maybe twenty degrees more
yeah and she the kind of face like less
than a like it maybe like a quarter to
like a third of a second okay I saw the
muzzle pointing down do you know how
quickly it is did you like find like a
row or glasses well no just like angle
it up it takes you like maybe a third of
a second if that like well that's the
thing is that when the guy got shot at
at the point that the guy got shot he
didn't have his hand on the handle he
had it like her on the back of the gun
I'm yeah yeah how do you know that
because I watched the video okay but
like so I'm aware that there exist
videos where they like have it slowed
down and magnified but I mean like at
the time what the police officers
perspective was and we don't know what
that perspective is what do you mean of
course we do we have a body cam well
right but in talking with their
perspective I guess I'm talking about
like what's going through their head
right what's going through the head is
you don't when you're watching something
like that like you're not perceiving
whether the person is like has like the
gun pointed at a person or they're
pulling up backwards like that's you
don't have time to see something like
that like right but but the argument is
is did this person make a rational
decision or not which did which person
aggression was saying the police officer
yeah I thought it was okay
I think that maybe the commands could
have been different or better but in
terms of like the decision to shoot was
probably think was probably okay again
like like the guy's behavior hours that
could have been much better but there
are going to be situations where like
either someone doesn't know what to do
in the situation because they don't have
training like there was that guy that
like it got shot by the SWAT team
because like he was like crawling
towards him and then like yeah situation
was not good at all situation was super
[ __ ] up you know almost all these
situations are but no no like that
situation was 100% the fault of the cops
that guy did absolutely nothing about
Ben shaver I think that guy did
absolutely nothing to get shot nothing
warranted the police he there was nobody
that was in harm at all in that
situation in this situation that with
this most recent shooting you had a
civilian that had already gotten a
police report that this guy wasn't being
antagonistic towards him that was in a
car with a guy like aiming a gun or a
had a gun in his pants that was like
being antagonistic towards the dude and
could have killed him in like less than
a second I think it's a way way way
different situation okay well I mean
again like when we're talking about
about these types of situations they do
kind of have in the split-second I'm
much less like willing to make the
argument that like he wasn't gonna name
the guy I shoot him because I just don't
know that I'm much more willing to say
that I don't feel that the officer's
commands were work I think that you know
it's never good for an officer to order
someone who does not have a weapon
strong their weapon drawn to drop it
because then they in this uh states them
to draw the weapon which in a way just
set them up for failure
right yeah I probably agree that I my
guess is if I had to guess I would say
the officer probably thought he already
had a weapon drawn that'd be my guess
but that's what I've seen like when I
watched otherwise why would you and do
that you know because typically in those
cases what the officers would do is they
tell you to turn around put your hands
up and then they would come and they
would disarm you I'm typically an
officer if an officer is approaching a
person that they suspect has a firearm
they the officer is usually the one that
wants to disarm you so for instance if
you're getting pulled over by a police
officer and you have a concealed carry
weapon the recommendation is to tell the
officer hey I'm just letting you know I
have a weapon if you'd like you know I
get on my car you can take it from me
where I can hand it to your whatever
like you always turn with the officer
and you wouldn't just pull your gun out
and like give it
pull it out and drop it or something
right and I kind of feel like that's
something that we should probably there
should probably I mean how do you feel
about like mandatory classes on teaching
interactions with the police for gun
owners like I mean you definitely should
I think most gun owners in the US are
[ __ ] [ __ ] so I'd probably be a good
idea yeah like back in the chat like
somebody was like talking about how like
if they got pulled over by an officer
they would like take apart their gun and
put it in their glove compartment like
as they're getting pulled over right
yeah that's a real dumb you don't ever
want to be like fiddling if you get
pulled over by an officer the best
things you can do is you can turn on
your tube dome lights you can place both
of your hands firmly on your steering
wheel the most important thing that an
officer wants to see when they're
dealing with use your hands so they know
you're not fiddling with or [ __ ] or
anything you're like gonna grab a
firearm it's what they're worried about
yeah sure all right aside from that I
kind of didn't I I don't I don't know
about like that at the tape with the
whole like blackface girl thing mm-hmm
[Music]
my big thing about that is that like if
you look at like a lot of black cloth
black cosplayers when they do cosplay
lighter-skinned people which is like a
lot of what's in anime and videogames
they I don't think I've ever seen a
person of color like light in their skin
for the sake of doing a cosplay it's not
really racist I just don't know can you
do that lighten your skin yes your black
is there makeup that you can use it
actually gives you have you have you
seen my man Sammy so no here yo look up
look up Sammy Sosa like or what [ __ ]
idea the baseball player like yeah yeah
he was the baseball player that like was
gone
yeah look at look at that one where he's
got like the pink hat and [ __ ]
so like this is like a thing so like my
roommates Dominican like this like some
[ __ ] that like [ __ ] Dimmick dominican
people are like ridiculous about is like
is about race like they all think that
they're like not black at all like they
like so obviously like they're they're
mixed those you know it's a colony they
had like Spaniards and and black people
on there there's like slave colony all
that stuff and so only 4% of Dominican
people identify themselves as only 4%
what only 4% of Dominican people
identify themselves as black when they
took like a survey on the island
only 4% identify themselves as being
black in terms of okay all right it's
just a fun fun fact about about Dr okay
okay point is that like yeah you can
totally what you're so I can Sammy Sosa
or like [ __ ] Michael Jackson you
totally do that
I'm not sure if it's like permanent or
anything like that I mean I'm sure
there's a way that you can like [ __ ]
do that [ __ ] temporarily but I don't
know like point is that I mean I don't
really think that anybody would not like
understand like a cosplay if they don't
lurk in their skin but I mean I don't
know like at the same time maybe like
when people talk about these kinds of
things they kind of like are taking a
step back and talking about it from like
a like a purely like theoretical
standpoint like because theoretically
there should be anything wrong with like
darkening your skin right um well I mean
unless you're not on boat with like a
blackface thing right well okay that's
like if you let's say like we're or like
a in a completely different world racism
does not exist like that never happened
right oh there's no such thing as like
colonialism racism anything like that
right if none of that happen I don't
think that there's anything that
necessitates like lightening or
darkening your skin tone as like being
good or bad
yeah but our column is yeah and then but
when people make the argument that there
wasn't anything wrong that she did
they kind of are taking that argument
because they're just completely ignoring
all of the historical context right
mmm-hmm and I guess like yeah there is
like the
like okay she's from Sweden so she
doesn't have the historical context I
wasn't like her why share some [ __ ] no I
mean I heard them like there was like
some the conversation was like to new it
was saying that it was okay because he's
also from like the the Aryan motherland
or some [ __ ] like that on Lithuania okay
gotcha okay
yeah so I don't know like I mean point
is that she's from a place that doesn't
have a lot of black people so maybe she
is not supposed to know what it is but
at the same time I mean like if you've
lived on the internet for more than like
a [ __ ] day you've probably seen like
a black face controversy at some point
right yeah you'd think so I'm sure I
mean if she if she didn't see anything
wrong with it and she was just like oh I
didn't know other things wrong with it I
apologize I don't think that there
anybody should like having the issues
with her but she's like arguing like
well you know I just wanted to do the
cosplay and I should be allowed to do it
then I mean I don't know what was her
response to it I don't know I didn't
really watch up on her responses a lot a
lot of people think she was pretty
combative about things though so I'm not
sure people usually are and like the
girl to China dress and not so if they
always have like it's kind of like it's
kind like phases right like first you
make excuses then you then you say like
you didn't know and then and then
eventually you might either apologize or
just like make oh alright YouTube or
some [ __ ] okay that's that's all I got
so appreciate you okay well thanks a lot
buddy
[Music]
