welcome we're still alive episode 14 of
the DT podcast how are you doing today
my good friend Triax yo I am speaking
normally now because I am for the most
part
sort of recovered from my wisdom tooth
removal oral surgery oh yeah when was it
that's why we didn't have the last thing
ever sewed if you guys didn't know but
how did that go for you
it's a long recovery for wisdom teeth
removal but oh it had with you going
across the planet to New Zealand first
for two weeks which by the way what a
great friend you are for telling me
ahead of time you were doing that I
thought I was going I'm pretty sure I
mentioned no you told me what happened
Tuesday before the episode was due for
the week were you were already out there
oh by the way new episode this week so
I'm gonna be in New Zealand oh yeah
so how'd the wisdom teeth go well I'm
glad you're concerned and you asked me
actually was pretty horrible really oh
yeah dude I had a well two things here
one they it wasn't just like a regular
wisdom tooth removal job I had four four
impacted wisdom teeth so they all were
buried beneath the gum and they grew out
at a really crooked problematic angle
against the other tooth it wasn't like
tooth tooth it was like tooth and then
like a 90-degree angle yeah yeah so it
was a so that meant that he had that
requires the oral surgeon to make an
incision into your jaw bone to allow the
clearance for the tools to remove and
extract the tooth at that point Dan so I
had I had wisdom tooth pores they had to
recover with you know nerve endings that
were kind of like sensitive and I had a
throbbing unbearable jaw pain that were
made that made like even chewing like
with my tongue only a you know
exhausting for how long after to give
you an idea right I put on my calendar
okay worst-case scenario ten days of
recovery to get back on track even
though he told me it might be like it
should be like I'd have like a maybe
like a five day recovery thing bro
it took me eight days to get back on
streaming like I like was on angular the
entire time
the worst days were not days 1 2 & 3 it
was actually days 4 5 & 6
I bat really caught me off guard I
thought I was come in beginning you know
I think it's me like a regular linear
slope and no did this giant you know
plot twist of get [ __ ] on day 4 5 & 6
that was pretty terrible damn for the
record I had um I had my wisdom teeth
taken out all 4 and some of them were
impacted but my pain was done pretty
much that after that one day I thought I
was gonna try to do a stream or a pain
tolerance stream where I could see how
long I could go without having to take
the prescribed whatever they it's like
one part hydrocodone like 900 parts like
I'd be problem whatever they prescribe
you and I never even needed to take my
leg still hang around somewhere
so look at you alpha-male well no I
don't think it was a flea I just think
my experience that it was a lot better
even though mine were impacted I didn't
have any like they didn't have to cut
into my jaw anything for a couple of the
teeth when they took him out they got
broken up a little bit and they had to
like go in like multiple times but yeah
other than that my I don't think I had
any I think I had pain a little bit the
first day like it was just a little sore
but mainly the annoying part was all the
blood that was kind of gushing out it
was really yeah actually day 1 & 2 were
pretty pretty free honestly I just I
slept a lot painkiller slept yeah I had
to do the gaas thing a lot there was a
lot of blood everywhere but ultimately I
was pretty coherent I wasn't like I
expected to be completely belligerent on
painkiller but surprisingly you know I
had a 7.5 milligram what's it called
I almost say it wrong Syme song an idiot
but uh too late
hydrocodone missing it right I think
it's it's hydrocodone or hydrocodone one
of those hydrocodone yeah whatever I'm
trying to say you know what it is I
don't remember how to spell it
yeah 7.5 milligram that and yeah that
was that was nothing it was I was
completely cool with it yeah I'm
surprised that you didn't have a I'm
happy here didn't have any issues though
the key factor here there are two things
I think that separate my experience in
your experience one my oral surgeon told
me that quote-unquote my teeth were like
dinosaur teeth like I had very big teeth
proportional to my jaw size apparently
and to
I got mine done you know really late
here I'm 30 years old now so all my
wisdoms were fully grown double rooted
on did you get yours done at an earlier
age I got mine done I think a couple
years ago sounds like 28 well yeah
here's a better question what propelled
you to to get it done at that point why
when why'd you say you know do it at
that time as opposed to like earlier or
later um I don't know I've gone back and
forth on a lot of things related to like
appearance and I've kind of wondered
like how much is done in vanity versus
how much is done functionally so I was
gonna get my wisdom teeth removed a long
time ago because they caused a little
bit of crowding in my bottom teeth here
but then I'm kind of like bull [ __ ] like
this idea that you have to portray like
a perfect image all the time it's like I
don't know how I feel about that like so
like I've never done like artificial
teeth whitening or anything I've got
it's like you know it's okay if people
have their flaws but then I thought
about it more and it's like every time I
go to the dentist there's always liked
so much tartar that has to get removed
from like my teeth in the bottom front
because it's really hard for me to I
guess like brush and floss behind there
so I'm like I [ __ ] it functionally I
guess it makes sense I'll just get my
wisdom teeth removed where there goes my
problems so there was the whole thought
process leading up to that no and you
did good because uh my dentist was like
up my ass about like you need to get
your whispers removed you need to get it
removed and I was like well I searched
and like do I have like a blatant
evidence of crowding and she was like
well no well not you're pretty tame on
the crowding issue it's more that
because of this will shows told me
because my bottom left tooth has the
impact that there is like there could be
decay happening in the gap beneath the
gum between the impact tooth of mine in
mind in the next molar behind it and
that she couldn't even see that if that
molar had decayed out or if it needed a
root canal
she can't even know until I get that
tooth removed so I got that removed now
and so now the more good news is when I
go to my next to this appointment and I
get to find out how totally [ __ ] a.m.
on that on that molar on the side of it
we should have removed like probably
like eight years ago
were you awake who did you go under for
the operation Oh Matt wait I'm on dirty
[ __ ] yeah well you were awake yeah
because I pay for it out of pocket I
don't have insurance so [ __ ] it
anesthesia is like an excess no it's
okay
you pay you paid out of pocket I I just
couldn't even afford it this wasn't even
like in my playthrough the bike when I
was told I should've did this I was
22 and I'm like me I'm a full-time
student I'm broke as [ __ ] I can't afford
this [ __ ] how much is this is about as
long as a couple hundred oh it's I think
from here was about a thousand dollars
yeah yeah I was it's pretty brutal see I
was under doing like and and when I woke
when I woke up though man I did there
was blood everywhere like holy [ __ ] like
that little apron I had on I had just
like dude it was I was like [ __ ] I I
think I had a couple nightmares like the
day's the next few days is I don't
usually got like intense night pranks
but just like bothering dreams were like
my teeth would come out very easily it
was very strange to have to be awakened
just to have a guy like kind of like
pulling pretty hard and then like
yanking it to that your mouth was like a
very strangely no it I never thought
about it like the visuals of what that
looks like like cuz I have no idea what
it looks like I have completely no
memory of like he put the IV in and I
was like bro two seconds later I was out
I thought it would be like an IV and
like a countdown from like 10 to 1 or 1
to 10 you know and by 7 I'm out no it's
like IVs in dude you're and you're
you're you're gone you are almost made
an inappropriate joke I'm not gonna make
that joke though but you can say well I
was gonna say not not I'm not saying I'm
not condoning it but I was gonna say you
you've been you've been bill cosby'd but
that's like a okay
but happily we are and we and we do not
condone that kind of language or he
could be more topical and say you [ __ ]
at our Kelly put anyone under to rape
anyone or did you just have like the the
weird sex house I haven't watched them
yet documentary yours you're so behind
man watch Mark Kelly
you ain't watched leaving never ever
linea okay what is I thought that
Neverland [ __ ] I thought that that was
like done I thought that like it had
come out that we have like gone through
all the evidence the FBI had
investigated everything and like the
worst they ever got on Michael Jackson
was he had like some art that had like
depictions of new pew man apparently not
because we there was there's a lot of
factual evidence of a lot of things that
Jackson did that were at minimum
incredibly questionable I know yeah and
so like 99% of the time I'd be like
alright this is some creepy [ __ ] but
[ __ ] Michael Jackson's a really weird
guy
like yeah really a really weird guy but
also I think I think more relevant here
very powerful like you talk more like
you know a superstar that's on an
unprecedented level of success at that
time and it could just probably get away
with literally anything and yeah maybe
most wouldn't question a single thing
man I don't know [ __ ] I would have to
look at um I have to watch the doctor I
would tell you to I would really
recommended you actually watch it cuz
I'd love to come back for an after party
discussion about what's your impression
because I feel like all the people who
were hating huh because there's a lot
there's a really violent same violence
it kind of it verbally uh there's a big
turnout of negativity of people who are
opposed to leaving Neverland documentary
and I feel it's people just never saw it
because they're just like mad about like
Oh where's the evidence oh my god is
just you know this guy's looking for
money and they address the the monetary
pursuit concerns that that gets
addressed in the documentary they
address a lot of things I'm a very
factual evidence based perspective over
like what Jackson did friend shipping
and grooming the children and the
parents of the abuse victims over a very
long period of time it they really it's
why it's four hours long because there's
a lot to get into but once you're in it
you're like holy [ __ ] it's crazy
hmm but now to clarify land you're in
hear about the FBI reports yeah there
was a 93 investigation or 93 92 and then
there was the also separate 2003
accusations but keep in mind like I'll
string up like one key point here that
was a presented from that one of the
children was able to correctly describe
a unique marking yeah and his penis I
remember that as far as the jury
although I think are as part of the
trouble I think the jury ended up
rejecting because I said it was too
vague but yeah that was probably what
some of the most compelling stuff that I
heard that he was able to describe there
was like a birthmark or something on his
dick that he was able to describe but
yeah I don't know not to mention that
his um you know the facts are at the
Neverland Ranch manner at Jackson's
personal bedroom there was a hallway
with like a with multiple locks on it
and there's pictures and videos to show
it there was yet a lot of security
tacked up in there man he had like they
had like us a step alert where if you
were stepping toward the door there was
an alarm inside of his room that way
he would know if you were coming along
with the box the closet had a closet
inside of it so the closet had a hit in
closet a fun room if you will
yeah there was a there's a lot you know
and you know all right chill chill chill
okay he made thriller right calm down
well all look at this light or not give
you a better all right feel better okay
here okay I find it easier to do the
whole separation of art from the artist
thing with Jackson it's it's Kelly the
one you brought up here in the first
place I'm just like yikes dude so that
that's the one that would I would really
want to be like yeah yeah may have to
mute art Kelly at this point
yeah damn [ __ ] that that documentary was
so good they actually brought charges
against him right that are being filed
he has been found guilty of anything
right that that Charles probably gonna
take a while right I imagine you're
referring to the are Kelly one yeah um
so what happened right now is um was
there uh there's like two there's like
two things right now for him one was the
unpaid shots poured for a hundred and
eighty thousand dollars I know I'm sorry
I was a $206,000 either way he had he he
he needed like a hundred and eighty k
due for bail and he he couldn't supply
so he was in jail for three days until
someone anonymously posted his tab and
then he got out because apparently this
topic was in Illinois
apparently the state that he got
incarcerated in right work incarcerated
whatever uh captured what I was called
um whatever state he was in they don't
have like a bail bond bail bonds are not
like allowed in that state or something
like that so he was able to like get
like a easy loan for ten percent down
and get out of there so I I recall the
child support being one um yeah he was
he was he was accused or whatever it's
called prosecuted I'm using the right
term here for I believe ten counts of
sexual approbation so and that's a
regard that right now that's where I
right now right yeah so yeah he has a
pending he has a pending court hearing
later this month I believe March 19th
Johnson right now I heard that it was
like really compelling like holy [ __ ]
yeah there's like bro it's like it's
almost fifty women total I mean
including his ex-wife including the
um just do a tons of people anonymous
staffers who were part of his crew who
feel terrible about what they enabled
indirectly to some certain degrees you
know even and even now you can just see
it on that dude did you see the the CBS
interview yeah we were here was like
crying or whatever oh yeah the one
thought that means yeah the one where he
was like yeah you know I'm trying to you
know yeah yo killing me made you know
that we're like the the the super
theatrics and he has not like I was
watching a scene from the boondocks
yeah yeah it was a it was pretty it was
pretty surreal um you know he's kind of
like playing the victim and you know
he's like you know she says she's asking
him you know what do i what do you what
do you need Robert he's like you know
what I need I need someone to help me
with my big heart and not always feel
like helping these people cuz they
backstab me and like he was playing the
victim really hard and it was it was a
lot of theatrics in there and she wasn't
buying it and I wasn't buying really
either and then like the avenge like you
know his two girlfriends who are you
know 21 and 23 he's 51 years old and
they're and they sound super superduper
condition cuz they're like yeah [ __ ] our
parents they they just want money and I
don't talk to them I don't want to see
them ever again and it was a you look
into it's a giant train wreck honestly
with a PR nightmare I don't know why you
even agreed that kind of interview damn
to be honest but yeah I know you should
uh I would love to get to it further
here but I would I would like you to
peep out at least Episode one of the of
the surviving are Kelly one oh damn it's
like a multi-episode thing it's not just
one movie no yeah it's a it's actually
six episodes so it's about six hours
long but the last two episodes are kind
of are kind of not really needed um you
really nice the episode of like one in
two to get a general idea of the things
he's accused of in the categories they
are because then from then on it's just
it's more of that it's like episode
wanted to yeah he he grooms women wall
on tour gets them tells them hey I'll
give you career opportunity you know we
roll with me learn how I do things I can
probably get you a record deal whatever
from there it's like yeah we're
boyfriend girl
friend from there yeah I got a I got in
a state you can come hang out at and
from there
boom sex cult sex dungeon reminds me
buddy
I don't understand why somebody like
that unless he has like some specific
fetish for it why the [ __ ] would
somebody like that have to do that like
he can probably [ __ ] anybody almost
right he's [ __ ] our Kelly
well the difference there is um the very
beginning with uh Leah you know you know
he that was where it all begins Aleeah
was 15 years old when they got married
he lot our II told her to lie about her
age days she was 18 so they got married
they uh you know there was how old was
she initially when they got married when
they got married she was actually
fifteen she was fifteen years old but
she widens that she was 18 and how long
was he at that time I'll do it in his
30s I mean you say like at least like 21
or something [ __ ] okay well he might
know he might have been I think he was
27 at youngest but he might have been he
might have been a little bit older okay
um yeah I mean you do the math look at
the release of the out of Leah's first
album you would know from there mm-hm
but yeah so he's always have like a
complex I guess for like particularly
it's younger black women or teenagers I
guess put like that or in some cases a
little bit a little bit lower
hmm if you look at the if you consider
the the P tapes the sex tape
how did he ever get off with that P tape
stuff wasn't that like pretty like
open-and-shut oh it was actually it has
a lot of parallels with the UH with the
Jackson trial where Jackson was not
charged anything because they had strong
testimony that seemed that deem that he
was that they were never touched
inappropriately which they do cover in
the never and the leaving Neverland
documentary as well but yeah the what
happens I don't know I forget exactly
now because it's been I walked out like
the over a month ago but if I recall at
the r.kelly trial the he was able to
there was a key eyewitness because I
believe the it was kind of like a split
50-50 on like the plausible deniability
of it being our killer being the one
depicted in the P tapes versus it being
somebody else for a sabotage job or
whatever
and there was a pivotal eyewitness that
that testified under oath that that our
Kelly has never done anything like that
and the person who did this was
plausibly bought out for favor ISM and
record in the record in the record
industry from what I recall
so in short our Kelly uses power
influence to sway someone to just say
like hey say this and I'll get you
whatever the [ __ ] you want and that
happened and that led to him being not
charging those counts sadly okay a very
similar thing happened with a similar
but still pretty different with the
Jackson leaving Neverland trials but I'd
rather I'd really rather just watch
though that one that I honestly will
tell you if I can give you any homework
here um so wrapping our Kelly episode
one and two from then on you can kind of
skip the rest it's just more of the same
thing just tell you about more victims
that go through it go through the same
thing he's going through uh-huh and then
but leaving Neverland it is four hours
long but yo it's a it's a it's a roller
coaster of a ride and you you're gonna
you're gonna you're gonna really
understand not just like kind of what
they're presenting in terms of like what
Jackson did with this unfortunate abuse
of the victims but also just a power of
like how a predator thinks and operates
with like with just the the extensive
selective predatory tendencies like when
you go when they go into like what
Jackson did you kind of get a really
strong idea of how particular Jackson
was with who he chose to try to groom in
and win over with his like you know
unparalleled influence and power you
know with friendship you know courting
with friendship you know pretty much
promising the parents of the boys that
he wanted to be with whatever they
wanted you know one of them he relocated
from Australia to Los Angeles just
because he wanted that boy particularly
so but I don't want you know this is
like again I don't want a present in an
accurate way so
Javaris document or you get a way better
way better very vivid picture of of
everything that happened and why okay
including including like evidence do you
know they have like they have the
pictures of Jackson in their personal
home the the the facts is that Jackson
would personally send the the phone call
Jackson personally calling the mother of
particularly Wade for hours on end then
talking to wait on the phone he was like
you know as long as seven years old when
meeting him and everything else and then
you know it goes from there into the
eventually I'm just kind of curious do
you think in looking at at all do you
think that Michael Jackson was like
intentionally like a predator dude or do
you think that was just because it was
fucked-up childhood you just kind of
grew up in a way we was looking for like
companionship from like little kids or
whatever what do you think that's
actually a great question and
unfortunately they don't they don't go
into any of that in a documentary but I
I do agree with you that uh or I need to
agree with I didn't say that was what
was hub I don't know I'm just asking
sorry that's why I was I was back home
there um yes I I do think that is
something worth considering that you
know his his father Joe Joe Jackson
pretty much made him into a like drill
sergeant in it him into being you know a
workaholic and pretty much robbed
Michael Jackson of his childhood and
that and that definitely does lead to
some unique psychological conditions
that may have led to where he is now
with this yearning for that childhood
and it may be being manifested into um I
don't know something cuz I'm awkward
skewed sexual desire thing I do think
it's definitely that would be its own
documentary to go into but I definitely
think that that's a very much of Aled
concern or a valid probability of
outcome concerning Jackson and why does
be does cuz III agree I think he's just
like a pedophile full-on out because
well that would make him a be had a file
falling out right but it would just be Y
like all right you know you know I'm
trying to say um like the reason why I
think is related to Jo Jackson and then
the whole like childhood entertainment
icon complex and all that well I mean
that's like that's pretty true of a lot
of those types of I shouldn't say this
out having I [ __ ] I feel like I read
that that um that people that had
pedophilic tendencies had a higher
likelihood of being like abused at an
earlier age whatever I don't have a
study on that but yeah [ __ ] I feel like
I should have that before bringing stuff
like that okay well anyway so yeah okay
well I'll put those on my on my to watch
list
which is already too long at the moment
I'm trying to do and I feel you I feel
you my goal right now is to watch have
you watched Satoshi Kon movies mmm I
have not known Fox I like the pre-k a
perfect blue none of those I thought you
were an anime dude aren't you supposed
to be a [ __ ] weeb here man I do I was
until I started streaming then all my
free time went to the to the [ __ ] uh
to the to the river some [ __ ] okay
well damn I have all these movies I'm
supposed to watch because I wanted to
and I'm I watched any of it much all
right like if you're gonna roast me on
anime like dude the minute I tell chat
that I haven't seen like or the rings or
matrix one or like oh yeah that's right
did you already tell me this I the ring
so you see matrix one you haven't told
me you've told me haven't seen the first
matrix
it's um what to do the matrix in the
Lord of the Rings are these are both
like I don't I'm not a huge fan of these
are like perfect movies okay I I cherry
picked the two worst examples to stress
you got good one and apparently in an
effort to get compassion from you you
want a big miss those are the worst to
but I can think of offhand you're that
Nazi okay I'm working to the friendship
here man you me what you're going you
old dog called me and Chatta same time
or you on dog called me with chat right
now really you're right both of those
movies are really good you'll like them
well both the series or the trilogy and
the matrix are both pretty good like
none of it is I don't think any of the
effects are that dated or anything so
yeah I will go I'll get on it I promise
you know you watch the matrix and then
the three load of the Rings you don't
have to watch the other two matrixes
they're not okay now now wait on that
small tangent though yeah do I have to
do the extended editions of Lord of
rings cuz like I feel like I can't tell
if that's like a like a fanboy I don't
know so much I mean oh man that's all
they say the lord of fanboys that all
they all dick ride the extended version
well that's because they really like the
originals and if you really like the
original then you want to watch more
right but you don't need to watch the
extended versions to like really enjoy
one of the Rings okay alright alright
well I'll uh I'll get on that max you
behind right now having [ __ ] I only
want to reveal like what I haven't seen
lately cuz like I haven't been to a
theater I didn't see you leave
battle angel I didn't see but see
Captain Marvel yet I'm kind of watching
I think I'm watching Captain Marvel on
Sunday that could be your home this
weekend so I can like [ __ ] and finally
be in the know and [ __ ] on Twitter it's
got like [ __ ] fly past you know this
and that and this and that because I'm
like so what was the last movie you've
seen recently hmm oh and then us us from
Jordan Pell appeal no dropping soon to
that that's like I think March man I
think that's a that's this coming Friday
actually I'm really worried about that
do you want like a review minor it's not
like a spoiler but what somebody thought
of it hmm do I uh am I going in totally
blind because if it's a if it's movie
i'm hype for that i usually i will like
watch trailer one and then i'm done
watching trailers i don't want to i
don't want to be spoiled anything else
i'm hoping for yeah definitely psych -
yeah for sure
just [ __ ] you know just buy [ __ ] ring
and just [ __ ] blue bar yourself then
you can then you can blow your load on
me next next one's there whenever we've
both seen it okay oh yes from the last
movie I saw in theaters um bumblebee on
wait no no wait
spider-verse and bumblebee were both in
December so I saw those - wait did we
talk about spider-verse
or was that one that I'd seen that you
hadn't seen yet when did you see it hunt
oh no baby well baby I was on I was on
I've been dick right in spite of her
since it came out to everyone that's a
must-see it's my probably my film of the
year cuz it was way better than it needs
to be and I'm like holy [ __ ] what a
[ __ ] home run that was okay yeah and
yeah so I will sit here like I wasn't
here deep throating it at some point
earlier in the podcast if I recall
correctly okay good yeah I really really
liked that one I think I'm actually
Senate because I've seen it with
multiple people now I've seen it like
three or four times so I'm dude I saw it
twice that full and the sequence is so
[ __ ] sick oh my god like the whole oh
[ __ ] they're so good holy [ __ ] I hope we
get more movies animated like that I
hope it happens oh my god
well here's the good news yes in short
they already confirm it's going to be a
direct sequel with the Miles Morales
storyline there's also going to be a
spin-off film that will that will star
all the female characters in the
spider-man universe so have
have spider-gwen spider-woman and what's
her other name silk things - this is a
third one but yeah it's gonna have like
three female protagonists all like doing
[ __ ] together
so look forward to that one awesome
development and then there's also and
lastly here there is talks of a pursuit
of an animated series starting um
starring um I forget the name for giving
her spider pig whatever his name is
Peter Porter working in Peoria yeah
might be a cartoon series was walking
home to give him more backstory so one
thing Oh actually I've got a question
and then a comment I'll do coming in a
question one thing that I thought was
kind of cool it's very very very
incredibly it's exceedingly [ __ ] rare
that happens in movies is where you have
a like a woman lead or a female lead and
then or like a co-star whatever and then
a male like the main male protagonist
and they have a relationship that is not
romantic I was expecting at the end of
this fight onic yeah I was expecting at
the end of the spider-verse that she was
gonna give him a kiss or something but
she didn't they were like just friends
that's like really rare to see that it
is insanely rare to see that they're
almost always has to be like a romantic
attraction I thought that was kind of
cool
so here's the second question that I
actually didn't understand that much
this might have been the only plot hole
that I think III maybe I missed
something in the movie when she was
talking about running into miles or
whatever or when miles was talking about
like sing her in school she couldn't
have possibly known that because she was
in a different universe right or am I
just reading too much into that and she
didn't imply that at all do you say that
yeah they I didn't catch that either on
my first viewing but from what I
understand on my second viewing was that
her spider senses alerted her to come to
the school there's like only one line at
the school this is like said like you
mean like when she comes to miles
dimension how does she know to run two
miles
oh so did the big lake well did so did
the big like reactor thing did that
happen before before they ever met at
school initially I thought because they
cuz I cuz there's one line earlier where
they like yeah did you give up that
earthquake and I forget some NPCs
talking to the miles about it and I was
just like I just call it just call the
thing an NPC you know she came back a
week in time oh okay okay oh [ __ ] I must
have missed
damn gotcha okay alright that was the
only question thing I had okay yeah go
about we got that clarified but actually
you know I'm really hyped because it
comes out of can actually kinda minor
tangent here so spider-man despite
efforts comes out on physical blu-ray
March 19th of our call correctly I
finally have a 4k TV now and I'm like
hey here's the movie actually care about
buying so I want to I want to watch the
director's commentary and I want to
support this films I want to see more of
him like this so I'm like in the market
to actually get like a 4k blu-ray
edition of spider-verse but here iam
right now and I'm like alright cool I'm
gonna you know get my ps4 Pro that I
already own I'm a [ __ ] put on my TV
and I'll wash they're gonna find out did
you know what ps4 pros don't play 4k
blu-rays but Xbox one yes does that's
really ironic that you would say that
because the PlayStation was literally
the guy that carried blu-ray with it
remember when it was because oh my god
this is like a decade ago when it was
the two warring formats were blu-ray
versus I think it was HD DVD you
remember those two formats and some
people say that one of the reasons why
blu-ray went one out was because the
cheapest blu-ray player I think you
could get was a ps3 at the time and then
a lot of people got ps3s we're also able
to play blu-rays and and blu-ray I think
ultimately went out over the HD DVD
format but um actually you know I know a
lot about this really stupid useless
thing now it doesn't matter but if you
want to know more about that so there's
two things here
DVD had a similar thing where back in
like 2001 when the position 2 came out
DVD players were about $400 yeah they
were [ __ ] expensive yeah yeah and the
ps2 was at that time until like I think
like mid Oh 2 was the cheapest DVD
player you can acquire because it was
being sold at a loss because Sony would
recoup the revenue with wise seeing
their games in the PlayStation 2 well um
for blu-ray the reason why it won if I
recall correctly was the fact that it
was it was a pretty extended standoff to
because it was like a really 50/50 split
I remember some manufacturers like LG
manufacturing a hybrid HD DVD and
blu-ray player because I couldn't figure
out what forint ware was gonna win back
in like mid to
early to doubt 2006 but ultimately I
believe just like VHS versus Betamax in
the 80s blu-ray one because the porn
industry adopted blu-ray first now that
gave it the momentum it needed to like
win over majority and move forward I you
know actually I feel like it I think it
was because of the console thing I feel
like the counseling pushed it so much
harder like wow how how many people were
buying porn on blu-ray or HD DVD did
this really happen that much I don't
know I think I thought I also there's
two things for though so one yeah so
from what I was reading into it porn
industry adopted the blu-ray first and
then or or HD DVD didn't want to have
porn on it which was like suicide like
why would I walk quickly that might have
been like what it was as well so they
didn't have like the standard available
for porn um but also that a Walmart
because I all the retailers were giving
like you know half shelf space to both
formats but Walmart was one now it's
like yo we don't want to deal this
[ __ ] [ __ ] which one we stock in
here is I don't wanna I don't want to
lose viable you know real tale retail
space to like Givens arbitrary [ __ ]
war so they just like said [ __ ] it
what's winning right now blu-ray okay
clear we're gonna go blu-ray then [ __ ]
thing with blu-ray or there was some you
know background modding that went on
that just know somebody somebody paint
someone [ __ ] on the money to say yeah
put blu-ray as like the exclusive shelf
of Walmart and that cemented blu-ray to
win at that point well you're not wrong
this was also be in addition to the fact
that like Sony meeting he took a huge
loss on ps3 by putting blu-ray on there
because if you didn't know the the most
expensive component of the ps3 at launch
was the [ __ ] blu-ray drive that thing
was like I think the drive alone was
like a hundred and twenty dollars at
manufacturing mass market costs like it
was it was pretty expensive to have that
thing in there well they made some other
sacrifices early on you remember early
on with the ps3 came out and it tried to
do I think they tried to do software
emulation instead of hardware emulation
for the playing the earlier games that
ps3 and launch there were a lot of ps1
and ps2 games that it couldn't play that
it wasn't backwards compatible with
until they added that it's like the
emotion ship or something they added
afterwards like I want to say like a
year into its life in order to actually
play games a little bit backwards there
what yeah
so the the engineer behind the
PlayStation his name is ken kutaragi and
was he was insane cuz you're right the
ps3 was like a fever a fever pitch of
like throw everything in there because
at a at Tokyo Game Show 2005 when they
first unrevealed or unveiled the the ps3
console this this thing had [ __ ] dual
HDMI output dual Ethernet port right
hello
wait wait wait wait can you hear me wait
hello I wait I can't hear you at all did
I just go deaf
what did you unplug something POG hello
oh hey I can't what's up okay wait what
happened I don't know my mixer I thought
it was OBS I think my rent my mixer
randomly like crash out it's actually my
mixer I've just it goes out randomly and
after like I've learned just unplug and
plug it back in we'll fix it I'm not
sure
Mabel's like getting like a bandwidth
throttle or some [ __ ] on a [ __ ] now
but okay so I god is it over since you
can't play cameras anyone else yeah
Instagram and Facebook we're both lucky
this one eh I was not talking to trying
about it okay so I go ahead do they are
we are we good now yeah I can yeah
you're good okay I'm sorry well what did
I get cut off phone I apologize I was
monologuing about a you were just you
mentioned the guy in Japan and no thank
you tried to shove everything Draghi
yeah into the yeah yeah so Kim care
Draghi was the lead engineer for the
PlayStation in its entirety
like he personally helped design ps1 two
and now three um and at Tokyo Game Show
2005 when I first revealed that the ps3
he this thing was like super [ __ ]
overkill dude like this thing had a dual
HDMI outputs dual Ethernet ports on the
thing I remember the magazine's they
talked about like the Cell processor
this was gonna like revelry they were
saying that like the ps3 was gonna
replace every single thing like in your
[ __ ] entertainment center and [ __ ]
like oh yeah do they they hype that [ __ ]
so much
mm-hmm yeah I was a massive shot in the
foot mm-hmm say goes gonna have eight
eight USB to all ports like in 2000 in
[ __ ] 2005 dude like you know more more
more ports than a high-end mother before
maybe like as many forces a high-end
motherboard in 2019 crazy on a [ __ ]
console to be fair guys they were coming
off of the we don't have to change on
this because it's just objectively true
the best console ever which was the ps2
which had the best games of any console
for any afraid the most extended period
of time so I understand the the drive to
create like a god tier like follow-up to
that but yeah oh you're not wrong no
numbers don't lie and ps2 sold an
absolute I mean look here we quantify
this absolute [ __ ] load of consoles I
think was over a hundred and fifty
million like I want to say you even
impressively oppressive feet here I want
to say that like EA
but I think the final game on ps2 EA
made FIFA 20 [ __ ] 15 and released on
ps2 still freaking 14 years after its
North American release damn guys if
you're getting mad about my opinions you
have to say something smart at least you
guys saying Xbox one like come on dude
the Xbox had like six really really good
games on it come on guys get out of here
who's that Xbox one who said then or now
or not I'm saying that Xbox one of the
original Xbox sorry okay sorry good bad
answer to like 360 is better than both
of those objectively like Xbox one had
that launched out the door with the
freaking the DRM and all the [ __ ]
with no use games and all this
anti-consumer garbage they try to get
away with and then when Sony [ __ ] them
over by like not also doing the same
thing that they were doing they were
caught being the greedy [ __ ] they
were and they have to like eat [ __ ] and
that's why they're a distant second in
this console generation for most units
sold
No um almost this in third we were going
through the switch halo was the only
good thing that dude [ __ ] Microsoft
is so lucky that Halo existed I actually
don't know if we would have gotten any
Xboxes past the first one if Halo hadn't
existed that single game carried that
console so far there were other good
games on the Xbox but god damn halo was
so [ __ ] important holy [ __ ] oh my god
you know you're not lying
that's fell my favorite FPS of all time
also I think what for a story mode like
Halo one I think was my favorite of all
time
well sir can we can we can we derail the
derail edema right now and talk about
the news from yesterday did you hear
about oh yeah well real quick to wrap up
the last topic ps3 tried to cram way too
much into it obviously a lot of this
fell through and then they had to make a
lot of cuts to get it to production
wrecks it was too expensive oh right and
you had a little bit backwards actually
yeah because um they so what happened
essentially was the launch editions of
the ps3 had literally a PSU in it they
had the entire available and yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh I thought I thought that
originally they couldn't emulate it and
then later it came out that they could I
thought they added it back in later you
were correct
they couldn't emulate so they threw the
hardware in there too just to play it
directly literally and then over time
because they were behind on giving the
price cuts to match the 360s competition
they added then like cut out the emotion
engine chipset in there and they
ultimately had no back compatibility
until they eventually added some some
firmware updates to allow some capacity
of playing some titles correctly for ps2
but that was like a little bit was a lot
later though ultimately yeah it was kind
of funny to see how long that would go
for where people were wondering if you'd
like everything would be backwards
compatible like forever but then I think
the ps4 pretty much acts that right
that's there's a ps4 backwards
compatible anything no because cell
architecture is like [ __ ] stupid to
make to make like it sounds like a
nightmare to try to emulate that kind of
thing at this point so I wouldn't I
wouldn't count on it it like and also
okay in short here the effort to make a
ps3 game using cell architecture about
what's comparable and indoor work on you
know a regular like infrastructure like
the like the ps4 and Xbox one half now
huh PC architecture let's call your
forgive me um
you it requires the same effort you
might as well just like literally
re-release the game and a new capacity
like why would you pour it over Last of
Us 2 on ps3 to work and battle
compatibility making just like make Last
of Us 4k HDR version and re-release it
because it's the same amount of effort
so the budgets gonna require that much
more to make it function in the first
place you kind of want to recoup that
budget by real don't they still do that
though don't they still make ps3 like
ps4 games for the ps3 as well whether
they finally [ __ ] stuff I should
notice they'll do that no they do it
anyway because it's like
it just easy money more sales that
actually really pissed me off
when I was playing I think final fantasy
15 and then I did I have to play The
Last of Us on ps4 that was a console
game right yeah correct yeah like what
like it's very strange how that's very
like I don't wanna say greedy well in
some ways maybe I'm being greedy but
like I don't want to buy a Playstation 4
this sense of really me and maybe
there's my inner capitalist but like you
can't afford a ps4 then you don't get
the prize you don't get you don't get to
play ps4 games like if I buy ps4 I don't
wanna buy a game that also works on your
shitty [ __ ] a hand-me-down ps3 like
what the [ __ ] give me a game that's made
for the ps4 that runs now would be its
fourth year you'd be there Last of Us
got ported to to ps4 and it got a higher
framerate and I think revamped textures
yeah but there's got to be more than
that consoles capable of doing like I
guarantee I will bet my life on it right
now
hand to God somebody could cuddle house
can went wrong if they keep that porting
[ __ ] in mind and date one of development
I know they do as soon as they start
like hammering out like the future list
for those games they probably have it in
mind with like this has to work on the
ps3 I know that that game will look
different or they could do different
stuff if they were doing it day one as
being a ps4 exclusive rather than having
it like compatible 3 as well so [ __ ]
that [ __ ]
well you ever think that maybe they
poured it because they did they didn't
have enough games to make their a
compelling holiday long holiday library
good yeah I mean well they probably
bought it because like a lot of people
still have like the ps3 and they want to
be able to sell it both consoles it's
probably the reason why they do it right
it's a sales thing I don't know if I'm I
don't know if the Last of Us was
necessarily a ps4 game but like um Final
Fantasy 15 wasn't was that I don't do
that one on the ps3 I don't remember
no 5 X 15 came out 2016 I wanna say or
2015 oh yeah no way the ps3 is wave like
an older than that right yeah you might
be thinking of a 5 SE 13 that came out
on ps3 and 360 in 2009 gotcha
but you're trying make a point about X
game that came out on current gen that
plays on previous gen as well [ __ ] that
[ __ ] right um the last one I could think
of that's particular about that would be
probably titanfall 1 and Metal Gear
Solid 5 both of those to everyone's
surprise actually had a 360 release like
titanfall 1 had a 360 release and it was
probably ran like [ __ ] and Metal Gear
Solid 5 also had a 360 release and it
probably also ran like dog [ __ ] cuz you
know you guys got this 2005 lunchbox of
a [ __ ] of a console trying to like you
know trying to go freaking you know it's
trying to go 80 miles an hour but I can
barely get over 35 miles an hour just in
there just like chugging oh you know all
these polygons an architect and [ __ ]
a complicated algorithm it's pulling on
the AI can't even [ __ ] work uh-huh so
okay wait what were you gonna you aren't
gonna disagree with me were you that
halo 1 is the best FPS of all time
oh yeah hey little one ooh really is it
you're gonna throw me under that
envelope right now okay I'm sorry about
your what your alternatives are gonna be
well [ __ ] I think I'll be up consume
enough FPS - really - really actually
say I'm gonna people to call me a [ __ ]
casual at that point boy I'm talking I'm
talking hello
played a [ __ ] ton of Halo 2 & 3
particularly 3 I'm only talking like the
campaign the story mode is what I'm
talking about right now just so Chad no
sorry good yeah I don't even like I
don't like I like the baiting FPS nerds
over like is it that is it is the
campaign the best over but I yeah I
enjoyed Halo definitely okay which is a
great segue into the fact that uh
because we actually get to this disc one
oh yeah you were bringing up yeah that
halo is coming to PC the Master Chief
collection is coming to uh coming to PC
and Steam notably I think that I thought
Halo was already on PC I remember halo
being for PC and they had a flamethrower
in the game and it was like really weird
because it wasn't in the Xbox version it
I don't remember actually was a uh yeah
halo one was on halo 2 I think came but
it required like it wasn't like doing it
for Windows Live yeah that was being
required Vista or some [ __ ] [ __ ]
on ember but whatever all them are being
particularly optimized but no this is
like the master collections that I have
Halo you know halo Anniversary halo 2
halo 3 reach and something else always
have all the halos on there
comprehensively so you have a full
migration of potentially Microsoft's
biggest property coming to PC so it's
like it's
giving you an indication of like perhaps
where my club wants to head to in the
next generation where every like um
they're all gonna be remastered
everything right yeah yeah and they're
actually not all coming out at one time
either they're releasing them on PC as
they're completed did you ever play any
of the campaigns in Halo mmm halo it's
been it's been quite a while though I'm
not gonna lie you haven't touched by
halo one two and three and a long-ass
time did you ever try to be at any one
legendary actor I kind of sucked I I uh
I remembered not be them on legendary
and just kind of hopping online and
playing a lot of online and getting good
and then not really ever coming back to
playing them all night sneer at that
point oh damn
I remember halo 2 and legendary it was
probably one of the hardest games halo
one on legendary I think was really easy
because I think one person could die and
respawn as long as the other person
didn't die if you both died like within
10 seconds of each other then it would
restart but on Halo 2 just one person
dying I think would restart you me and
Kyle [ __ ] spent so long on Halo 2
legendary holy [ __ ] there was so many
who agree that philosophy by the way was
that this the idea that like um and if
you play co-op you're both accountable
so if one dies all of you lose progress
yeah I like that yeah versus like the
fact that you know what should co-op
buff or should co-op scale down
appropriately I mean I like the either
dying because it kind of made it on an
even keel like I'm pretty sure also [ __ ]
I could be Orion spent so long but I
think in co-op I think more enemies
spawned as well and in Halo 2 how that
makes things actually the halo 2
legendary that was like that I just
remember that being very hard actually
kind of disappointing in Halo 2 the to
play this game but I remember this so
[ __ ] well I could replace somebody
who's going so we must have spent
hundreds of deaths on certain sections
but in Halo 2 there's some section we
were going through a ship it's like in
the first level or to the game where
these enemy ships like connect to the
it's not the pillar or autumn but it's
whatever big ship you're on and enemies
come out they're like the red elites and
[ __ ] and it was like the hardest part of
the whole game I think it was like
fairly early on but it was like oh my
god it was so [ __ ] hard trying to I
was thinking what made it hard again was
because the weapon selection was bad or
because it was just like in closed
environments everyone using you would
always the enemy is aiming was like
really good
their weapons were pretty good your
weapons were pretty [ __ ] and you died
like pretty fast yeah I think it was
yeah if he wasn't near the end of the
first mission yeah holy [ __ ] again was
so [ __ ] hard or at least for me at
the time I don't know if maybe been
maybe now would be easier for me I'm not
sure but yeah yeah I think I think we're
also I mean like I was [ __ ] - I'm sorry
thank you I was 2001 I was 12 years old
you know it's probably pretty terrible
at games the time so you know it
might've been harder than I remember
being it's also a lot better than I am
when I was back than the games yeah [ __ ]
I always want to go back and play old
games sometimes if I wasn't so lazy get
an emulator and do it the hardest game
the two hardest games i remember playing
as a kid where one was called just
making sure i have this i think it was
called ghouls and goblins yeah that's a
it's it's ghouls and goblins that's all
you run like you can throw like the
spear or whatever or it may be is it
ghouls and ghosts super ghouls and
ghosts is a ghostly that's the one for
super nintendo there's the one people
most fondly remember is a super one in
it Oh ghouls and go this looks like a
sequel or something it was for the SNES
[ __ ] hold on I gotta file have to find
this game real quick now I'm super
curious but this game was so it [ __ ]
hard it wasn't this one but it looks
like really related to this oh is this
one whatever is going on in the
background I think for this guy is it oh
I think it was called ghosts and goblins
yeah but that that ghosts and goblins
that one's for NES yeah you have you
have super super ghosts and goblins nope
I I'm thinking of this game ghosts and
goblins this game was so [ __ ] hard
holy [ __ ] I don't think I ever made it
past like the second or third area as a
kid in this [ __ ] game well you know
games back then weren't they didn't have
the whole like play test phase if I
recall correctly it was just like it
wasn't uncommon for a game to get that
you know developed in isolation without
any play - oh actually that really
depends on the console
random funny memes story for you you
know I hope this is true I think I've
read somebody for this I think I read
this on reddit from a guy that said he
was the developer in in one of the early
early early Sonic games if you jiggled
the cartridge you could get to like the
a bonus level selector
you have you ever heard of this okay so
the meme was apparently Sega was very
[ __ ] religious about having games
that were incredibly [ __ ] stable for
their console they were like super huge
on this and when they were play testing
the Sonic game they kept running into
some crashes like they were you know the
whole like crunch time they were running
into crashes and [ __ ] that they just
couldn't [ __ ] deal with they weren't
able to um they weren't able to iron out
all the bugs before the console launched
so what they did was any time they had a
crash happened it would send it back to
the debug menu but what they did was
they made the debug menu they they put
like sonic on the screen and they had
like a level select so what they made it
sound like was any time you ran into
this crash they would pretend that you
actually made it to like a secret bonus
level of world selector whatever so that
when the Sega people would play test the
game if they run into this problem they
would think they'd just uncover like a
secret um in the [ __ ] game no that's
actually really smart a game that has
like a built-in like do X if
encountering a failure yeah pretty much
yeah
I thought that was really cute there
there's like a lot of like random
programmer stories like that the really
early game I want this is for either
early Windows 95 or das there was like a
Wing Commander game where every time
they they every time you exited the game
they would always return a weird [ __ ]
error and they were up like near their
release date and they couldn't figure
out how to [ __ ] like solve the error
so what they did was they changed the
text in the era box to thank you for
playing so anytime you close the game
that error message would pop up but it
would you say been complaining had to
ship the game and yeah on that note
about cram culture I've heard that I've
heard some pretty horrible stories about
a certain developer is having to like
literally implant like vital game
crashing bugs so that they can like get
more time to make the pasta game because
they knew that it wasn't ray at the time
and they were being forced by the
publisher to get it out in time but it
wasn't ready yet so there's been there's
been that sound uncommon thing for me to
hear about oh come back then the the sex
yeah wait real quick first was ghost in
gamla second one was a one called ninja
gaiden have you ever heard of that game
mmm yeah I had it's hard as [ __ ] holy
[ __ ] I really wonder if I were to go
back and play those games if I could do
it easier now but I'm not sure
all right go make it did make it a
sub-goal bro like these if there's one
thing I learned from playing darks on
stream
your chat would look your chat with
literally masturbate to the to the idea
of you struggling and getting and
getting [ __ ] cream pie they like it a
lot in the beginning but after like the
first day people can friendly annoying
with it I played a Nero it would take
you over a day to beat ninja gaiden well
like are you not to over gamer that you
promised you were have you did you ever
play mirror Ulan Bator
I thought you were an Elfa did you ever
play near no I haven't yet no I'm like
you though I've heard great things that
was one that was one that took me like
eight hours to get through this tutorial
I think people really bored of it but
like maybe maybe I'll think about it
but you see he brought hard games I
can't factually recall what was a game I
[ __ ] suck that but I can recall with
bonus meme story included here [ __ ]
the airplane Lion King for the Super
Nintendo or Genesis why do the junkie
level yeah these jumps were like people
these were like frame perfect like pixel
[ __ ] jumps I always miss it and like
gold I think you have to go to the
bottom of seizure to go and jump back up
duh duh duh duh don't know and play it
stupid [ __ ] song in the background
oh my [ __ ] about my tempers out you
know alright so we all agreed that the
sunset level with the [ __ ] monkeys is
like the apps do like rip my dick in
half at those in a dumpster
moment and did you know the reason why
that levels hard why so Disney
Interactive mandated well this is okay
Lion King came out right around a time
where a blockbuster video was adding in
the capacity to be able to rent video
games and the video industry was not
taking great kind of that because it's
like hey well where's our you're buying
one copy and then we're letting it be
loaned out and so we're losing revenue
because you [ __ ] are are making
profit without us being involved in the
distribution process of the entire thing
so [ __ ] you so their idea was this was
actually kind of a really crazy practice
now actually but uh they would make
games quote-unquote Brit proof so it was
mandated from some uh profit Disney to
further developers of Lion King to
include some make some [ __ ]
artificial difficulty spikes that where
little kids who rent Lion King couldn't
beat it in the rental weekend and they
rented it
they'd have to that way they'd be
compelled to buy it in order
to have more time to properly be that
was the idea to punish kids for renting
video games well that's why that's
literally why the Lion King level has
such an insane spike of difficulty where
it does and how it happens so in case
you want to know well there are there
are probably other examples of this
happening with gaming around that time
around that 94 1984 era but that's the
only one I know that's like proven from
a developer commentary that they
literally were told to cuz they made the
level and then they're told make it
harder so they just like took it and
added like I don't know two or three
layers of [ __ ] that's why no one
could beat it as a kid pretty much I
eventually did beat it but like man I
didn't rent it though I and my mom
bought the game for me so I eventually
beated but they have [ __ ] you that
level was stupid yep did you ever play
the Fife every talk about this game
before specifically did you ever play
the Ninja Turtles game for the Nintendo
actually no I have not played any of the
TMNT games sadly that one wasn't [ __ ]
huge the obnoxious [ __ ] game too
there was some underwater part I don't
even know if it was possible to be
looking back on it I swear to god
there's no [ __ ] way and then things
sucked about all those old Nintendo
games was there for a lot of them there
weren't like stage like pass codes or
were like saves like when you died you
just had to start the whole [ __ ] game
over again back in my day
[Music]
capacity you had to beat the game over
again yep oh my god [ __ ] I remember
thinking like we were in the [ __ ]
like in the the Year 3045 when like
Sonic 3 would remember your game save
and I was like who it remembers my game
save holy [ __ ] dude that's amazing oh
man I remember playing the early doom
was where you would get like a passcode
between stages did you ever [ __ ] up like
writing down the passcode and so you
turn the console off for the next thing
you gotta load up you type it and you're
like oh no is this a zero or an O like
oh god I thought that my password oh no
I'm all my progress is this a one or a
[ __ ] lowercase L yeah oh God that's
the worst as the [ __ ] worst uh well
yeah this has been one hell of an
introduction section hasn't it yeah oh
yeah so we had others unfortunately
where I unfortunately it's not my
happened in terms of streaming there's a
lot of stuff outside of streaming that
happened while I was gone like the Cohen
stuff a lot of stuff related to Trump
but not much in the streaming world I
guess happened so there's not too much
to talk about I just grabbed a couple
highlight clips right well you say that
well I mean okay do we cash you a
question do you want to get into this
doing stuff right now or can i or can I
ask delyth in the room here cuz I I know
very little about why you know we had
this massive month-long break in the
podcast
yeah sure basically um I had a real
shitty time in LA there was basically
some personal issues that came up and it
was kind of [ __ ] with my head a lot
you ever have like um you ever have like
a problem where like you start to
associate like a lot of places with
certain people and then things end up
being very bad with those people and
like everywhere you kind of look I just
kinda like [ __ ] your head
have you ever had this happen before mmm
I understand what you're getting at but
I don't think I only got particularly
had that that level of initiatives
haven't but I also haven't done any kind
of like mass relocation like you're
you're doing now you know yeah basically
that ended up happening and then I like
I had to get out of here like it was
[ __ ] with my mood everything was like
really really bad for probably weeks
maybe even more than a month and I
basically I have there as a random
friend that I had Molina I guess that I
talked to an interim every now and then
she's like I should come hang out in New
Zealand for a couple weeks like okay
well [ __ ] it and then I had a couple
other people reach out to me from there
like okay you don't forget autos go over
there and then I had like a company
reach out to me with like a streaming
device and I was like okay sure I can
kind of sort of make it a learning
experience as well so yeah no dude
awesome
so see what - New Zealand as like a you
know as a mental recoop I think that's
actually really good I feel like a um I
feel like a lot of streamers
you know prop to you if you can just you
know push through the grind just grind
grind grind but you know an effort to
like prevent fatigue and burnout here
like if you need to take a second to
like kind of like reacquire motivation
even or even even acquire a new
perspective to feel enlightened to want
to push your stream in a new direction
more relevant to your current interest
uh-huh you know cuz you're doing the
same bread and butter you know for
[ __ ] 18 months straight
you know you then and you now have two
different things you're sitting here
doing the same bread and butter you bet
got you viewership back then but is it
what you want to do now I do feel like
it's really important to do kind of what
you did here and like get some time away
and be able to actually reflect upon
your stream to understand where you want
to go with things next yeah actually um
thankfully my stuff was just related a
personal stuff I think that for your
stream stuff I think you should be
optimizing for your mental health like
at all points in time I'm very bad at
people still don't seem to understand
that about me my own fan base still
seems to like rage at me like I can't I
don't want to do politics like 12 hours
a day every single day like I know I can
get 10k viewers doing it but I just it's
just not what I enjoyed doing like I
need to play game so stuff like that's
still what I'm enjoying for some reason
somehow my fan base after like 10 years
still hasn't figured this out we were
like why is he playing league like he
only has two gay viewers like what a
[ __ ] it looks like two like I was like
playing video games I know that bothers
a lot of you still but I like playing
video games yeah I think it's really
important to like make sure that what
you're doing is something that you enjoy
because I mean like we do streaming for
a living like we're one of the few
people on the planet that get to
actually do what we enjoy all the time
so to turn that into something that
you're like resentful of or start to
dread doing I think it's really sad and
I think it is possible to get burnout I
mean like you see like you see how many
people now are running into problems
right like my fed stir or fed my stir
whatever you know fed from offline TV
he's taking a big break I think asmin
gold said that he's on break I don't
know if he still is I I don't know
either actually I recall yet but he had
that whole um break slash
Twitter video you mean about you know
being stressed out and [ __ ] ya know
you're absolutely right that's a yeah
cuz ii 0 because what you're doing right
there is like rather than thinking like
long-term you're just going for like
short-term gains at the cost of like
your mental wins actually your mental
health yeah literally so it's really
when the bar and the burnout comes it's
it's it's violent I from the model the
miner times I've run into that kind of
thing
I say miner probably had like way more
than minor burnouts but uh yeah it can
it can it can [ __ ] with you do like you
you can dread wanting to go live or just
perform every single day and it be
something you don't look forward to
rabbit and once you fully embrace by
comparison yeah it really sucks maybe
because I don't know if it's capitalism
or I don't know if it's just our view of
the west of how we like value things but
like we tend to put like a dollar value
in everything and if there's not like a
dollar value attached to it
we tend to not we tend to not think
about it
which is like very sad to me and you and
it's funny because when I argue with
people about certain things i I have to
attach a dollar value for them to
finally understand like how dumb they're
being here's a really great example
right it's like I know people sometimes
well they could move to a place and they
could pay $1,500 a month
or they could get roommates and moving
into a two-bedroom and they'll pay like
you know about pay like $1,200 a month
and they're like dude this is amazing I
save a lot of money but then like every
day they'll complain about the roommate
so like [ __ ] I hate my roommates like it
[ __ ] drives me crazy blah blah blah
and I'm like damn dude like why didn't
you just move in there I was like I'm
saving through nails and that's like
dude what the [ __ ]
and like they never understand like how
dominate until I say something like okay
well here let's let's say a question
right today you had a really bad day
with your roommates right if you could
pay $10 today to just not have your
roommates in the house would you do it
they'd be like yeah [ __ ] it in a
heartbeat
and I'm like what if you could pay like
$10 every day to not have a mic yeah I'd
probably do that like most of the times
like okay well there's your $300 a month
like I just live on your own what the
[ __ ]
people have this like really hard time
like taking like mental states and
valuing them alongside like monetary
gains right like if I could make more
money streaming doing something that'll
make me slightly unhappy I don't even
think about the unhappiness I just want
to get more money from streaming it's
like well hold on dude like how much do
you value like your sanity you know yeah
yeah no definitely that dude definitely
that I can apply this directly to when I
was how shopping I I could have got a
brand-new house it would have been
across town and a [ __ ] awful location
that is loaded with like the most
traffic dense road that I never want to
be [ __ ] near where you just deal with
traffic on [ __ ] time or I can get a
house that was a right about 20 grand
more on the other side of town on the
good side of town or a good side in
terms of like traffic and being in
proximity like not having like Drive a
lot of places to get what I need to get
done and I was like nah dude it's like a
no-brainer like I Location Location
Location I would I would not want to
skip on location like if I look at pure
you know new new house lower price
versus a a pre-owned house an already
built house and a better location yeah
I'm looking at location for sure like
some people can do the same thing that
they did to do the dollar amount there
and don't don't consider the entirety of
the perspective of what they're putting
the money into yeah so yeah but anyway
yeah I mean like if you have and
obviously if this is all come study if
you have the means to write like if
YouTube brokered everything you're
[ __ ] anyway but um yeah for a lot of
people that like start to get to like
this middle-class area I think in the
West I think we put like a lot of value
into money and we don't like value our
mental health at all when you know like
20 years from now it's the mental stuff
is what you end up remembering and it's
ultimately what's always
important to write like money can't fix
well how do we we haven't done if I
recall correctly we haven't done any
major Studies on like my gaming
government funded studies on like
psychology sexuality relationships and
since like the 80s right wait would he
wait in terms of what do you mean if I
recall correctly I think you're like
okay I'll have my citation on me so
forgive me but like I remember when I
was in university and we were talking
about and it was in my history of arts
class something he was talking about how
we there was there hasn't been any
government mandated funding or any major
government mandating funding for studies
as far as like particularly sexuality
relationships go that's kind of why like
there's a certain like art movement that
happened then kind of like swooned over
to something else ever since then but it
also kind of like is what possibly has
ballooned this like I want to try and
get to some low terminology this this
like perspective of like toxic
masculinity where we kind of like where
we kind of like bottle up our emotions
and we're not like really eager to
confront them we grab it just like
bottom up not really addressing well
that's where in terms of men we've
always that's just historically like a
manly thing to do right I suppose so but
I've made that you're not wrong it has
been I'm trying to I'm probably word is
pretty bad right now should I probably
have had this topic your what's been
going this a little more prepared ahead
of time so I kind of said I mean I was
just back down here but I recall that
like there is there's been like a
massive reduction and studies done like
if there was like you know like wimmer
back when like for example here like in
the 80s whenever it was fat the the
sugar industry was like no there were
studies done that said that hay fat is
bad so now we're gonna so then cuz you
know goes against tradition was
mandating this whole thing here so now
we're gonna produce all these like
reduced fat options now because fat is
bad and it was done an effort to
minimize that actually sugar was bad and
so they wanted to demonize fat instead
but now we've since learned from that
you know from that study or we've
learned since then that study was not
referring the full picture there's
actually good fats in addition to bad
fats you know so like for example like
that was like the study that so you got
revealed that was officially done and
people had amassed knowledge that fat
we're bad and what I'm getting at here
is that has there been studies done to
just like really really stress here the
importance of like of mental health or I
don't know like mental health and
pursuing like a a better mental state I
mean I think we talk about it a lot and
there are a lot of studies related to
mental health like especially around
like social media usage and whatnot I
just don't think the problem is um I
don't hope this episode doesn't get
posted I think the problem is that I
think the kind of like the capitalist
society that we live in kind of
necessitates like the way that you
become happy in society right now is
usually through the acquisition of goods
right and then like a big driving force
behind that is to make you want more
Goods right like this is kind of our
entire economy thrives only imagine if
everybody in our society was like a
Buddhist monk that was like above
possessions and they didn't necessarily
need like the next biggest and best
thing like our economy we probably
[ __ ] die right quick I don't know if
we could actually exist in that way so
we're on this weird kind of thing we're
on one end like social media consumption
and the constant obsession with like
selfies and everything is hurting our
mental health but on the other end you
know bit multi-billion dollar tech
companies are posting record profits
because people want to buy the latest
and greatest Samsung phone or iPhone or
you know Google phone and yeah we're
kind of a tense with each other in terms
of like what do we really want as a
society like it is it possible that
people can be happy and pursue like
non-material things to be happy but also
still have capitals and continue to work
in the way that it does I don't I don't
know what the answer to that question I
think it's a really difficult thing to
tackle
but um yeah it's it's a load of [ __ ] I
mean you can see the peak nosov the
shouts of it whenever you look at the
fact that there's now um what is it now
there's like there are programs or you
can get a new phone every year you can
lease a phone like you can lease a car
now it's always been like with a lot of
like cell phone plans if you buy the
cell phone through them and make like
monthly payments get a plan they give
you like the free upgrade in a year or
two or whatever as long as you turn your
old phone and it's not like completely
[ __ ] yeah yeah correct
yeah or you can even you can pay off in
two years and keep it or you can you
know relinquish it and get another get a
new phone 12 years in or 12 sorry 12
months in yeah yeah people do that
that's just like really crazy to me but
uh like a new phone every year that's
like some some some hyper consumerism
right there to me yeah yeah and it's
crazy how like our how our expectation
change so much like like back like ten
years ago like when those phones could
first start to like browse internet
pages god what was the resolution it was
like 300 by 600 or 700 600 not even that
it was an honest and resolution it was a
really [ __ ] bad like who could count
the [ __ ] pixels and like this is like
as much as you could ever need you never
think more and now like if you've got a
phone that's like even slightly laggy or
that doesn't have like [ __ ] 4G 5g in
some places like it's like a [ __ ] phone
like we become acclimated we become
acclimated to like the next level of
tech like so [ __ ] quickly and we
don't even think about it like I think
phones have a much more tether to our
lifestyle now and they were before like
yeah but that's kind of what I mean like
like like in these days for instance
like I can't imagine I don't know honest
to god I don't know how people live
without a cell phone like even when I
think back to when I was a kid I don't
know how the [ __ ] we ever lived without
so I was like I can't do it yeah like
once you left your houses like you could
never call it just like like how would
you even hey I'll see you at 5:00 all
right yeah it's like it's like you're
launching missiles into space you kind
of hope that the guiding computers like
get them to the right spot but otherwise
you're like you're totally [ __ ] like
out there in the dark once you start
driving you have no way to conduct some
like that should have [ __ ] crazy to
me I don't know how the [ __ ] we ever did
that that seems insane like unbelievable
wait wait can I pass through here yeah
it's even more insane I can think back
to when I was like 12 years old
sometimes maybe even younger I would
just tell like my mom would take me to
the mall and I will tell her hey look
I'm going to the food court and to
gamestop um I'll see you later and it's
like alright I'll see you later and just
like she would tell me hey be a Gamestop
when i come and get you don't be
anywhere else I'm like all right cool
cool I don't want to lose your trust so
I'm gonna be at Gamestop and I would
just like be there and she just like
trusted you know in 99 I'm just gonna
[ __ ] be there when she when she's
looking for me if I'm not there what do
you do like you just like you go to the
[ __ ] mall staff and go with the
intercom be like um I'm looking for a
lost child
like it's like weak like it's just like
did how did we handle that kind of thing
back then you know you're not a text
away it like you weren't like you are
now yeah it seems yeah it just seems
insane to not be like super connected to
everything like at all points in time
like it's really weird here yeah so it's
as hard I mean it's probably feasible
which is hard to imagine like we're so
changed now like uh-huh man you even
feel about
- like 2004 dude like I know it sounds
like not that long ago I would think but
I do 15 years ago you didn't have
YouTube you didn't have social media you
didn't have [ __ ] I mean you again didn't
have twitter you didn't have like I
think Facebook was the Facebook back
then which was colleges only about that
oh yeah you had ever I think it was
either you have a dot edu email to get
in I think okay Facebook used to be so
sick dude I remember back in those days
when you ever back on it like in the
first like wave of invites no no I
wasn't on until 2008 I was I was
actually I was a fun house the factory I
was on myspace or uh you know four or
five I was gonna be until like way later
so a mandate the I remember it was this
is kind of like a response to UM well
you're sweet you're thirty right like I
am yeah did you remember back in the
days of like MySpace and like wife drove
oh yeah yeah was a [ __ ] show dude
[ __ ] load a page and like you have
like magic playing in the background and
I don't play music remember like the
animations around the mice like your
mouse would have like just [ __ ] your
browser just lagged the [ __ ] out it was
like yo you need protocols to like not
have all this [ __ ] baggage load when
you load a MySpace page mm-hmm holy [ __ ]
dude you know well when Facebook first
came out it was so [ __ ] clean there
were like four things on the left side
it was like friends no they were like
three other I don't remember messages it
was like so [ __ ] clean
they were like three they're like oh god
it was yeah it was so [ __ ] clean I
loved it when I first got on Facebook
and now it's like now it looks just like
MySpace dish do you know even the app
I'm if I down the app again I [ __ ]
get on that thing they'd like the UI
it's like overwhelming I'm like man what
is what is all this [ __ ] dude like [ __ ]
yeah it is so out of control now I guess
its own like I feel like I'm less than
an app and more I'm in a separate OS
within you know s so I'm trying to say
that's crazy but yeah that's just you
know that's you know it's that's a zoom
or me talking right now so yeah I've
heard this term Zoomer I got called the
Zoomer the other day so we're boomers
yeah well boom boomer and I understood
it as like boomer and generation Z
merged together so like if you're like
oh no boomers I like people that boomer
boomers
millennial pretty much yeah oh it's not
yep boomers boomers from baby boomer
well that's where the term originally
came from like those are the baby
boomers but when people say it today on
the internet when they talk about
boomers versus Zoomers they're talking
about Millennials versus gen C I think
is what it's called so like people that
are like probably like 24 to like 35 or
whatever are like boomers and then the
younger crowd and we call them like
Zoomers or whatever yeah okay so so
boomer has like two terms now that's
stupid yeah yeah okay gotcha that
triggered the [ __ ] out of me when the
words first came because people liked
boomers like boom you be like [ __ ] it's
60 years out what the [ __ ] you talking
about you know honestly okay I'm gonna
be a hard read right now that that
boomer term got coined because people
use boomer incorrectly so frequent
probably and it just kind of stuck at
this point yeah don't call that right
now honest mm-hmm so Millennials are the
boomers of the internet pretty much yeah
yeah remember G oh my god what did we do
real firm I don't remember we're gonna
do we yeah I don't even know any were at
this point no [ __ ] godlike intro
though that was a very oh we were
talking about um New Zealand and you
were telling me now so you talking about
all that but I missed the part where
like where you were like a full-time
giggle Oh while you're out there like
this is what your chat came to my try to
tell me about the minute that it
happened so like um yeah I was hanging
out with people I don't know what you
mean exactly by that but um wait what do
you what are you asking me exactly okay
well am I am I live just like bring up
boy just if I can go hard man I don't
give a [ __ ]
do your chat told me you're a
professional cook now and that like you
you were making some of the most okay
here is known okay here's the here is
the whole meme okay the two people that
I was visiting okay are in a polyamorous
relationship are you familiar with that
yeah that's whenever that's when you're
open right like you're open I'm open a
little it's more than open but yeah
pretty much an overview so that was it
so people were like freaking the [ __ ]
out because of that because they thought
that I was like the bowl brought in to
like puck another person or whatever but
they just have like an open relationship
and people get like I guess people were
projecting a [ __ ] on there and
obviously makes a lot of people of
course the course are going to yeah
and then P and then there was like there
was like a clip we're like one of the
nights I came in I set my streaming
device down and I went into the other
room and I went like straight to [ __ ]
sleep but when you play the clip loudly
I thought people were lying at price but
when you play the clip and you turn the
volume you can actually hear moaning so
I don't know if someone in the next room
was [ __ ] but people on ironically
thought that I was like [ __ ] on
stream like right off camera some [ __ ]
so like a lot of people started posting
a [ __ ] it's like alright I don't know
you just take the credit for it man
today they would they they will never
out of the words beta to you ever again
well except well somehow they still
managed to do it like some Britney venti
just made a video a work somehow I'm the
cook even though apparently I was
cooking someone I don't know I'm always
like the beta [ __ ] no matter what
happens so yeah whatever it's adorable
she still gets you attention at this
point oh my god I didn't even know that
that was still a thing yeah but uh well
no that's a cool cool
I'm glad you well you had a great time
out there apparently yeah it was it was
a lot of fun yeah what had you you
didn't actually I didn't hear like how
your experience was like they're like is
it like is there any notable difference
compared to like I don't know from it
from an American POV yes okay New
Zealand tips okay firstly yeah you go to
New Zealand there are two islands
there's a North Island in the South
Island when you go to New Zealand you
want to go to as much of the North
Island as you can before you go to the
South Island
this is absolutely [ __ ] imperative it
is the most important thing you will do
because once you go to the South Island
you will never want to look at anything
else in the world again because the
South Island is like the most beautiful
place on earth it's where all the all
the holy [ __ ] all the paper yeah every
place you look is like a premium desktop
wallpaper like every [ __ ] thing like
everything you do is like is so absurdly
[ __ ] beautiful unimaginably [ __ ]
beautiful like oh my god I can't I just
really person here why is a okay so my
my brain would think you're okay why is
that not like loaded and like [ __ ] I
don't know capitalism like why is that
not like [ __ ] the the premium villas
for the billionaires to be after beaches
look there why that's not like a ton of
houses that I really just don't I don't
know maybe there's like a Molina was
telling me that there's like rulings in
New Zealand where some places are like
publicly like you're just there publicly
oan and anybody can go through him or
something and I think you're not allowed
to buy houses there huh I don't know if
that was turnout or I didn't look into
that but um okay yeah um holy [ __ ] it's
like so [ __ ] beautiful but yeah and
the roads are like if you like driving
and you're a little bit adventurous holy
[ __ ]
the roads are [ __ ] insane they're
like the car commercials where it's like
every [ __ ] like every you know 100
meters it's like another sign we're like
watch out next turn you know take at 45
kilometers an hour because they're like
[ __ ] crazy holy [ __ ] did you get
stomach sickness driving on these roads
oh it's so much fun for me he loved it
oh yeah did I go were you riding it were
you driving them okay because if you're
riding when these happen I feel like you
you probably would get pretty pretty
pretty much yeah I'm pretty sure the
people with me were pretty miserable but
it was a lot of [ __ ] fun I rented a
like a Porsche 911 a Carrera and that oh
so much [ __ ] fun holy [ __ ] I really
really really enjoyed it yeah damn okay
yeah it was it was a like it we took
like a two-hour boat tour out um out in
the there's a place called the Milford
Sound so it's like you go into this like
I don't know if this is what a sound
actually is but they're like massive
mountains like on both sides that kind
of a lead out I'm into like the water
and it there's like a little kind of
drop so you're in like a valley with
like these mountains on both sides and
you can take like a boat out out of the
like mountain area and kind of like the
into the sea into the ocean I don't know
then you like come back or whatever and
yeah holy [ __ ] everything is like so
[ __ ] the place is like unimaginably
beautiful okay that's yeah damn like a
canyon sure oh that's a fjord
I don't know would you would you go back
or like would you want to go back
anytime soon you feel you got everything
you wanted done in one visit um I
actually this sounds like really shitty
I don't get much out of like seeing
things like I wish I did because I would
probably have had even like a better
time if I did like it was really cool to
see everything but I just kind of needed
the mental break and honestly I do most
of like my thinking it's usually when
I'm driving and listening to music so it
was like a three hour drive there and
like a three hour drive back so that's
actually where I got I feel like I got
everything I needed to like there were a
lot of like big mental problems I needed
to figure out and I did most of that
while I was driving so I thought that
was good you know actually I can
completely concur with that driving has
a special like it's like just the right
amount of autopilot the where you don't
have the full capacity to feel the
pressure to like think
about what you could be doing instead
and you just thought thinking to
yourself about reflecting and everything
yeah I agree that there is for example I
am actually when I was looking to take a
small break April last year I ended up
going to an anime convention in Atlanta
and I opted to drive there rather than
fly there and I found the drive actually
very pleasant it was a eight hour drive
versus like a you know 90-minute flight
and I drove and I found that drive
actually very enjoyable yeah so for sure
so I totally get it actually it made it
made the transition back to coming back
to my desk to stream it felt more like a
transition rather than like a
teleportation with with the fine too and
from mmm so I actually enjoyed that so
yeah I get that I might go back someday
maybe to explore more I kind of I won't
really wanted to try like bungee drive
bungee die bungee jumping and skydiving
or like two things that I kind of want
to try man okay that's so that's a face
my fear kind of thing I have a I didn't
know I had a fear of heights until I try
to jump off of a cliff in Hawaii so holy
[ __ ] boy like a bungee just jump off and
kill yourself story because you made
that suicide like I didn't get a pair of
heights but I was on the Golden Gate
Bridge ready to end it all and I
realized this is actually a lot scarier
than I thought it would be like no I am
no [ __ ] it was a I was in Honolulu
Hawaii
I flew out there 2013 for a convention
that I was like doing a speedrun the
magician for hashtag you know out here
make a mousse happen and I uh when I
went to a local beach that a friend of
mine brought me to there were the local
Hawaii kids just like [ __ ] eight
years old doing [ __ ] backflips off
this 30-foot cliff into a ocean and I'm
like okay well the kids doing this I can
do this too I'll walk up to the ocean
side or to the cliff side and I'm like
oh [ __ ] dude 30 feet is high man God all
the way jumping into the water
yeah oh [ __ ] that's pretty scary you can
[ __ ] your [ __ ] up if you're not careful
right water gets pretty yeah it's
jumping from a ha from far I yeah you
you comfortably want like a 12 foot
minimum um you know depth to fall into
but ya know I uh
ultimately couldn't do it I was like I
looked down and I should've did that and
then I end up like pulsing outside like
walk over to the side and go through the
like because a cliff like it peaked at
30 feet on the end or you could jump off
at like a 10
footer 12-foot section and I ended up
doing that and I was like wow I actually
got really uh traumatized because this
is also crushed to because like there's
like a line of kids when the bike jump
with you and it's like you're I'm the
adult manchild freaking out and these
kids just [ __ ] again they're just in
there doing backflips off this
[ __ ] and I'm just like damn dude
I have oh yeah so um now now now on that
note those skydiving and oh [ __ ] I don't
know if I could do it bro I don't not
gonna lie to you damn
someday we'll do it together okay
that'll be the sky diving at the [ __ ]
out that is like how how long does it
take the skydive from top to like from
from jump to land do you know I don't
like a five-minute segment in the air
and the 15 minutes probably okay
honestly okay look look 10 right it was
a freefall that's not like a long time
real talk let's let let me go to Vegas
again
let me try out indoor skydiving just to
get just so I know what I'm getting into
let me let me build my way up to doing
the skydiving thing I hadn't build up to
it
so I thinks I'm a giant [ __ ] when it
comes to [ __ ] Heights apparently I I
didn't think I was that scared of it but
Heights and claustrophobia are the two
things I'd like freaked me out like
probably top five worst fears is being
trapped in an elevator
yeah let's not talk about that well crap
in an elevator that'd be horrible feel
like your battery was done on your phone
be pretty I mean yeah well it's the
whole idea that I have no control like
I'm um um I have to wait for someone to
come like bail me out it just like and I
like I don't know who's I feel some I
have links somewhat similar feelings I'm
like an airplane I don't know if it's
because of like when you drive a car I
think you feel more just by virtue of
exists and you feel more invincible like
oh well if I'm in a car you know if I
got a bad accent I can like pull myself
out of the car or I can do something -
like mitigate my chance of dying but in
an airplane it's like well this crashes
I'm [ __ ] dead and there's absolutely
nothing - about it like at the 180 it's
funny you say it because the airplane
thing doesn't freak me out as much oh
really
yeah well often my homework though I
learned like how turbulence works with
difference of air pressure and I underst
thermoses there's a plane recalibrating
if there wasn't turbines each plane
would just [ __ ] tip over and you die
so it's like turpis is actually good but
also I had I had at first I was kind of
scared to do the whole flight to Hawaii
because I was like it's uh it was nine
and a half hours out of Houston Texas to
go to Hawaii and I was like man that's a
long-ass flight am I really ready first
kind of [ __ ] you know I'm gonna be over
the ocean I'm like a bell see nothing
but ocean for a long-ass time
but you know what what what conquered
that for me I thought it would be the
cost phobia component of it but actually
no I was very relaxed because the plane
I was on was [ __ ] huge um you know
how about the whole like 3/3 middle
aisles of of seating and [ __ ] and like
the plane was so big with this electric
such a high overhead you never felt
never felt cramped it wasn't like a
little you know Express jet this thing
was a [ __ ] Osamu it literally is like
a claustrophobic feeling kind of yeah
yeah the plane was so big that I'm lying
okay well we're just like you know
triple size with flavor I've done before
so I'm completely cool my kids I flip
them on like a Airbus practically so I
mean house I was chilling yeah actually
yeah yeah it felt like the cruise ship
actually yeah that's what it felt like
um this was pretty cool but yeah well
we'll build up the skydiving we'll make
that like a 20 km goal no okay I'll do
it's like I'm gonna [ __ ] and probably
peed my pants but I have to like look at
that do their ever again like like
[ __ ] the they look down and I'm just
like so but uh so I know that we're a
little pressed on time so we got what
about about 15 left right something like
that like 20 minutes so what what do you
what do you want to do you want anyone
had these do you want to blow through
some clips you want to want to keep
going on and on some more on some more
derails here I don't know if you don't
have a derail we can start going through
some of these there's some interesting
[ __ ] to talk about but okay all right
okay I'm loading up the first one at one
minute okay all right all right okay I
got you on one one minute right now
ready give me a give me a count three
two one go
in Beverly Hills at the Jewish synagogue
cross street is the grill have you
watched this before no I've not since
before
oh [ __ ] really this is like a few weeks
old I think you get my raw reaction
we're all reaction this guy's been here
for like a minute just kind of like he
films cops on stream right I got it
do you see what happened oh [ __ ]
[ __ ] shot me so the [ __ ] leg
[ __ ] dude what the [ __ ] alright that's
pretty much good so basically the guy
[ __ ] dude the guy lets one go I'm
pretty sure that was an accident the
security guard cuz he's like aiming at
the ground and the guy just [ __ ] like
let's what a huff dude was like a it was
a Glock yep I think the guy am I think
the guy shot the ground and then the guy
this guy ended up getting hit in the leg
or something
Oh cuz like the bullet ricocheted or
whatever yeah some [ __ ] [ __ ] dude
I admire it's a hard to find a line
between like whether I admire people to
do this have you ever seen the people
that like walk around the best example
of this do you know the open carry
community yeah they have their they
advocate for open carry have you ever
seen the people that like walk into
Walmart's with like ar-15 strapped to
their back yeah the [ __ ] out dude dude
yeah I'm in the South okay yeah I've
seen okay not not non AR I remember a
wind it's like hit like peak hysteria
and I remember like who's the girl who
like we're like it's like a blonde girl
who like wears like the [ __ ] dress
and has like the [ __ ] like she has
like a nine talking to her oh I know
you're talking about [ __ ] hater OHS
she's like [ __ ] Twitter pictures of
her holding a rifle and she's right I
was like this is my this is my prom
picture this is my prom duo or whatever
the way well anyways when I was younger
all this for people of color yeah but
yeah whenever she was a at peak afford
you know viral moment I saw pictures of
people with a arse walking around doing
[ __ ] but personally when I was at a at a
Walmart in 2016 I saw it was a very
questionable dude having a nine that was
not like concealed it was just openly on
his side I'm just like and loaded and
everything to look like it was loaded
I'm just like
and the thing is the guy looked really
questionable I'm just like I feel really
uncomfortable right now actually I want
to I want to get the [ __ ] out of here
and I'm just like her to [ __ ] up and
pieced out it's very um [ __ ] there's so
many different angles first of all I if
you're gonna carry a weapon I think it
should only ever conceal carry open
carry is a dumbest thing in the world to
me one of the most important things
about like possessing a firearm or one
of the most importance about being in a
situation where you have a firearm was
like you want as many people to be calm
around you as possible like when people
start getting edgy and antsy it's
usually like a really bad thing and open
carrying a firearm it's the easiest way
to put people on edge
because if people see you walking room
with a [ __ ] gun strapped to your back
or I gun strapped your waist or like a
[ __ ] ar-15 on your bag I'd like makes
people very [ __ ] uncomfortable I I
feel like the whole idea of like open
carry is so [ __ ] stupid it's such a
dumb [ __ ] idea like nobody should
ever and let's get like a glittery like
a police officer or whatever like open
carriage is a dumbest [ __ ] thing in
the world the people that like walk
around like testing cops and [ __ ] too oh
my god I get like [ __ ] so nervous
have you ever seen the UM wait you've
been you been physically out of place
roses happen before I haven't no no no I
just it's just that I was so in line
thankfully have you seen the videos of
like there's like one with a black dude
and his girlfriend that are they're
walking around and he's just open
carrying an air 15 strapped to his back
and like seven cops car like seven cars
and up pulling up and I'm like holding
him at gunpoint and [ __ ] and it's like
dude this would be like the worst
[ __ ] way to die like in the world
like why would you do this like people
that open carry like rifles jitter on
cops just to like test them to make sure
they know their rights and [ __ ] like
holy [ __ ] sounds like a libertarian
conference uh dudes yes at that point
yeah a little bit yeah yeah you see
stuff like that and they these people
always something the most random [ __ ]
like well actually article 14 of the
Confederate of the state section 72
cites that any sovereign citizen
carrying any firearm has the right to be
unobstructed by members of lawn for they
like always like her screaming like this
random shot while cops like other guns
pointed like do it like dry because it's
so [ __ ] stupid
oh my god yeah man it's just crazy yeah
but I would say like whether cops are I
mean like I guess this is kind of common
sense but don't [ __ ] with people with
guns like if you see somebody has a gun
don't walk up and like antagonize them
and film them and all that should it
just seems like a really bad idea yeah
what was the context or why was this guy
filming the the car do we do we know
that or is that I know people in chat
are saying he was
kids or whatever I don't know if they're
mean we're not but I'm pretty sure the
guys channel like what he does is he
walks or any like films like security
guards or cops I try to like document
like people misbehaving or whatever I
think that was like the theme of his
channel or something right
okay hmm all right I okay yeah oh yeah
there's a video of a guy open carrying
an ar-15 and oh like a police station
and yeah that obviously every cop pulls
his gun and like yeah oh my god but are
they not a trans woman oh maybe it's a
trans woman I don't know saying but okay
bonus points if it was a you know what
state wasn't and you've got a guess
teeth of Texas to Florida I think
they're normally always like southern
states Florida man that's a boy
that's it that mean was never gonna die
do you know what wait have wait Aramis
do you know why Florida man is a thing
actually no um I know there's some
notable stats here I mean Florida
Florida did vote oh it's like [ __ ]
like with 12% for um [ __ ] Gary Gary
Johnson in 2016 so like there's a or
it's got a pretty out-there demographic
as far as like one one their their
freedom or whatever yeah what you got
yeah so this is actually really strange
how many people know this but um I wish
I knew this exactly but basically
Florida has like a special like the way
that they do their laws for like
reporting crimes whatever it's done in a
very unique way I think such that like
any single crime or police report that's
ever filed is they've always made like
public immediately and Florida is like
the only state that does this so like
every single time some weird [ __ ]
happens where somebody either gets like
arrested or some dumb [ __ ] happen it's
like all of it is accessible to the
press immediately and I don't think it's
like that in any other state so that so
even the like really crazy random [ __ ]
could happen anywhere in Florida all of
it is made public immediately and they
that's why you see so many bizarre and
crazy stupid stories that come in a
Florida all the time you don't seem out
of other states it's not just because
what is crazy but yeah since because
okay I'm from Orlando Florida actually
and what I found weird when I lived out
there was that there's like a public it
was like it was my also being um in
Louisiana - I'm at my sure honestly but
the mug shots
there was like it was like a free
distributed newspaper type little
magazine that would have like just the
weeks and mug shots and what they got
locked up for and people were just like
reading cuz it was like you know just
the week's tea you know it's like whoo
[ __ ] up this week me find out and see
and you can just like grab a side like
any like free newspaper dispensary been
on the street or whatever mm-hmm I don't
know that's only Florida though but I
remember that being particularly really
easy to find in Florida when I lived out
there yeah so alright we're slamming
this shroud one next let's do it ooh
lament ready three two one so apparently
this girl is cancer and she's trying to
raise money for her cancer treatments
because this is America and that's what
we do here first
go foamy baby that's how that the
backbone of something Medicare for all
as I'm [ __ ] why play old clips she
already died that's not true right
that'd be really bad what I say no
because that uh
i'ma say you read some beep right there
because I just happened like this week
actually yeah um that's not really much
you're talking about nothing happened on
Twitch what the [ __ ] I noticed that over
the past like month there's not very
much exciting [ __ ] that happened well
it's also it's the dead time of the year
though let's just be 100% here right
like this is the time where people like
get their uh I would say is time people
get their RL together this is actually
why I opted to get my wisdom teeth
removed in March because I was like well
there's no games that really cared about
coming out right now this time of year
sums go ahead and schedule my wisdom
teeth removal at a dead time where I
will lose the minimum amount of
opportunity to like do [ __ ] huh so maybe
just people who sign up for the summer
baby yeah I guess sure I fell off his
scooter and got injured
I don't know what we can talk about that
sucks like oh there's a suite here that
uh I'm still addicted not where you said
you're like a fourth want us to get
broke
Roy's getting surging on my elbow today
might be out of commission for a bit
Pepa hands yeah I fell off let's go to
any [ __ ] up his left arm or whatever
yeah my left arm don't worry the aim
still there movement might be a little
slow as that recover oh oh this is
exciting I don't know how much I played
into this or not but I want to take a
little bit of credit even though I may
be told is there any
I've been talking to Sophia and hi
phonics upstream a little bit every now
and then over the past couple months and
I am friends with a lot of the people
like pretty big into twitch now and I've
been kind of like talking to them like
hey like how do you get unbanned is it
like our bands per minute are they
definite and I've kind of found out that
like on Twitch like I don't think they
ever do permanent bans on twitch they
always do indefinite bans but as long as
you make like a good faith effort to
like kind of review your content to make
sure you kind of get you know your [ __ ]
in lime that like after a year you can
usually file some sort of appeal in
order to get unbanned from twitch that
usually this is something that you do
yeah and so I've been talking to Sofia
and I phonics and I after talking to my
one friend you know I went to them I was
like hey you guys should like trying to
peel again make sure that it looks good
make sure that you show that you've
changed your content blah blah blah they
sent me what they wrote you know I was
like oh yeah this looks good send it in
and apparently they did this a few weeks
ago and I guess I phonics is unbanned
though so damn oh here's real quick when
you when you do that I would suspect you
lose partnership right like you're gonna
be like app lip you have to re yet to
re-earn affiliate and to partner I would
assume right I mean I imagine they can
really [ __ ] quickly yeah yeah be
interesting actually you know the see
like how quickly can you rise to the
ranks again you know is essentially it's
the equipment of a smurf account you
know wrote the partnership would be like
you know but your Smurfs in now so I
kind of wanted to do I wanted to get
Paul to do the same to the ice Poseidon
to file an appeal but I haven't had a
chance to talk to him yet I need to
schedule that appointment but I have
actually I wonder if they would uh I
feel like he um he's kind of the one
that probably had the hardest time no I
think he could I think he could get back
actually I'm pretty shaken really I feel
like he could I unless I don't know if
he's done anything like crazy stupid
recently has he the Ponzi um but like no
okay the reason why I think I'll have a
hard time not that I'm advocating for
him to not get unbanned
but the reason why I think it's a
pretty unlikely is the fact that what he
got banned for um was kind of a big deal
you know but that's not I'm saying god I
don't think good yeah I don't think
which will ever permanently ban you for
that like the thing is is that if you
can show like over the past like 12
months that you've like reformed your
content like I like that's pretty sure
that's what - extend right is that over
the past 12 months if you've done like a
good job of reform and you acknowledge
your past mistakes that they're usually
willing to give you another chance I
don't know about this yeah the reason I
was on a drum with a girl and [ __ ] about
the effort to like clean up that's conte
mean he was just talking about having
some ChatterBait girl over on Twitter
the other day so I don't know if he's
like I don't know if they're gonna
review his tweets and be like well
you're still talking to ChatterBait
chicks and those others should and also
other things that when filing on twitch
so I don't know I'd have to uh I would
be I would be surprised if he would get
back on giving it given the context
every baby but if it happens cool they
don't got to have it back but I don't I
don't foresee that I don't foresee him
ball people being able to like really
win this over but you bring about the
point that that's it's cool about the
one year thing it's pretty dope had a
big girl stream here lol oh my god
okay all right my bad you're you're not
wrong so I guess maybe I'll be real
quick I'm sorry just to be clear like
everything I'm saying is like this is
these are all like just general like
guidelines like there's not like a
hardware like after one year you get
unbanned or some dumb [ __ ] like yeah
that's not like yeah forgive me Chad I
am I am NOT I have not been on I have
not actually done the whole like you
know blind directory diving like I used
to do routinely back in the past so I
haven't haven't gone in just chatting
and just seem like what's meta of what's
being streamed there at this point
actually of him then that like in quite
a few months actually so I don't even
know like how how good or not good or
you know quote-unquote subjective here
good or not good just chatting has been
for a directory or a directory wise and
what's been going on there like wait
wait what gets views what gets good
metrics in the dress chatting directory
I don't know my sure I haven't been
there in a while so maybe I'll do that
for homework I'll recon over there and
keep it out and come back with my
assessment of what's what what do what's
competitive streaming got into by 2019
you know now directory diverse on
well the last one is I just like this
because it's relevant to my stream and
it's the doctor disconnect one you ready
I'm ready give me account okay three two
one go here he's been out man
ever since he committed to a league of
Legends full time he's been out
I wish Tyler one would get outside get
like venture out of to League of Legends
don't you guys want him what you want to
see Tyler one not play League of Legends
and jump over into the first person
shooter third-person shooter universe
like the old days they I think everyone
I think the majority of people do but a
you got to respect the passion he has a
passion for League of Legends apparently
you got a respective the real takeaway
here mm-hm is we need to get the dark
plant League of Legends oh there's
there's a 900 IQ take right there for me
really need one I mean if talent one
quits League I'll quit League okay
there's my promise to you guys do I
remember this one time like Tyler like
the the title was so clean in this room
he was like I'm quitting for real and he
like goes out of his way to uninstall
League and then let everyone know that
his internet in Missouri or whatever is
[ __ ] garbage and that would take him
like legit hours to read out all the
patch [ __ ] that he actually could not
play League that day if you want to
immediately reinstall it
I remember him by doing something so
dramatic like that by one point I don't
remember what propelled him to do that
but it was pretty funny as you do that
day but yeah man that's a you know yes
your passion man you can't you can't
help it dude like again it goes back
here over what's optimal for metrics
versus what's
what's for mental until optimal mental
health exactly a league of Legends is a
great for mental health so is it as
really no my room my roommates randomly
he screams [ __ ] told me it's so
[ __ ] dumb now if the money I don't
know I understand I got all here but he
tells me that now at the UH the the
match ranking system is like extra
stupid now because in effort to make the
games go faster go to unquote like now
you're your champion can get locked out
in like some really stupid ways now
rather than just counter counter picking
um I don't know it's complicated but
yeah yeah some about like if they can't
find like a mid lane or whatever they
just fill they they'll both don't force
you to be you know whatever instead and
you're like man anything you want to
[ __ ] play like Arana up Mike's
playing it badly here but yeah point is
he I see I hear him cursing a lot cuz
like you know he wants to play his
[ __ ] his little I'm explaining badly
but whatever the middling Draven thing
or whatever and he's like [ __ ] mad
camera do it yeah so what you know okay
I'm hitting up the Wraith ready ready
the reddit drove it okay you're bleeding
all the way to the last minute yep we're
late we're trailblazing okay all the way
to the end wait I don't have got a link
to the thread or your google it I got a
link to it right here for you buddy all
right opinions on MCC being released on
PC is that the Master Chief collection
correct it is yeah should be cool I
guess I don't know how it's a typical
game changer one thing you should know
if you didn't know by the way about it
destiny is the fact that it um it will
require xbox live the next box I have a
count to play on Xbox Live silver the
free at the free variant you have to
make an xbox live free count whatever
even on Steam
even on Steam what is the video game you
started playing but you never ended up
finishing because you lost interest or
because it ended up being terrible um oh
there's a and there's a lot of those
muna [ __ ] dude
[ __ ] um Yoshi's woolly world on the guy
ever beat that game actually that King
was um if you didn't know mama actually
do you know what I'm a big Yoshi Yoshi
person like that I I'm that like I'm
known for speed run Yoshi's Island
really really well yeah of course any of
that you're my co-host why wouldn't he
first off dancing it's called a
rhetorical question I was asking you
just a given moment to the chat case
they weren't aware of it you can just
mute finally agree and move on it's make
a point about how you already knew
clearly already [ __ ] newly realize
that I mean what if I didn't know you're
for Yoshi's Island and jet set radio
what would I know you for right so
flattered well um yeah well Yoshi's
woolly world for the Wii U that came out
2015
it's pretty pretty shitty in my opinion
so I I never actually finished it but
honestly I probably finished a lot of
games actually um a game that because it
was terrible um the problem is my
examples are just games that I'm
fortunate then I'd have a great
conversation with you because you
probably play them but um if you're
familiar with the Mario RPG series Paper
Mario mm-hmm there was a Paper Mario for
a Nintendo 3ds to come out in 2012
called Paper Mario sticker star and I
[ __ ] hated it it's terrible and I
didn't finish the game I was like this
game is dumb I hate it it's absolutely
neuter to hell him back you know what it
felt like it felt like to me how command
& Conquer fans felt whenever at the EA
conference at e3 last year when you're
like hey everyone do you guys love
command & Conquer and they all they all
the kids are sitting you're like are all
that you know Lynn is like oh my oh my
god they're bringing back command &
Conquer Oh
oh my erectile dysfunction is cured and
it's like command & Conquer rivals
free-to-play mobile
it's like dykes really bro really so
that's what it felt to me if like pick
Mars Paper Mario sticker star felt like
the equivalent of that for command
conquer fans mm-hmm so so that those are
my two that I would go to for like what
what might been the peak of my my fanboy
expectations being absolutely
peed on I wanted to say skeeted but that
sounds like possibly pleasurable
you know I also didn't wanna make it to
an art Kelly reference but you know I
wasn't trying to they're about couldn't
think of like what liquid I could use of
choice to make it sound bad okay so I
think for me too I tried to go back and
play Chrono Trigger I've never played it
before I got a Hemi later and I tried to
play Chrono Trigger and I couldn't do it
I didn't like it
ooh that's a hot take there boy that's a
thing cuz I grew up playing Final
Fantasy games that are very clearly like
teen like Final Fantasy games are very
clearly like teen rated they're kind of
dark or pretty [ __ ] dark and Chrono
Trigger felt very PG like it was like
like I was watching a cartoon that was
like aimed at like seven to ten year
olds or whatever I guess mhm yeah I
don't know that was did you ever beat
Chrono Trigger no it's on my actually
I've played very little RPGs it's
probably the you know what's sad too
it's a fact that I I don't feel ger to
get on them because I think it's gonna
be a great viewer thing for me so that's
a streamer like if I'm playing it at air
PG I'm in this story I'm in the story
I'm nine I'm non-interactive with my
stream at which point also like you know
it's like there's all that much for you
to do you already know what your another
stories there's nothing new to be done
other than my reaction to it to the game
itself
yeah so I'm not really eager to get on
rpgs on stream one yet I was close to
not beating was a in when I used to play
games growing up I was very
completionist like I had to do every
single thing in every game people say
this when I play games now so when I
played Final Fantasy 9
I almost didn't play that game hardly at
all because of the first like I wanna
say the first 30 minutes of the game you
run into a jump rope minigame where I
think you have to jump rope like 300
times you have to hit the button right
and I couldn't get passes and I didn't
want to go farther in the game until I
hit like all the all the jump ropes so I
almost never played Final Fantasy 9 as a
result of that because of that first
mini game that I were gonna do but yeah
that also you would say you're a
completionist does that mean that you I
mean you're like like you get like a
throbbing hard-on for achievements or
not achievement achievements didn't
exist back then nowadays the chief this
is like doing all the side quests and
the minigames and everything
same thing in Final Fantasy 10 I almost
didn't beat that game because I that
dodging lightning 200 times I think was
to get Lulu salt
weapon you have to go to some canyon and
run around and but when the screen
flashes you push X and you have to dodge
lightning 200 times in America that I
almost didn't beat that game because of
that minigame as well but um mm-hmm well
can I now I'm intrigued now can I ask
you like where's disconnect here I feel
like Sony and Exposition Xbox have
manufactured an achievement system that
allows you to get an artificial dopamine
rush by doing synthetic tasks that boost
the replayability of a certain game
island why are you not into the
treatment serve I don't want something
different about like about like doing
something versus like getting an
achievement achievement just doesn't
feel good I don't know like imagine like
you're like you will you left now right
what do you bench well I have I have a
[ __ ] big [ __ ] or somehow I'm asking
you this question sure what do you what
do you bench now uh-oh
you ask me a bad question now because
like I'm putting back the wisdom teeth
removal like I just tell what's your max
bench your max max all right uh 305 holy
[ __ ] okay so 305 right this was like you
know this journal that's fine that's
that's good right there I mean that's
really [ __ ] good okay so like I
imagine you probably feel really [ __ ]
good about that but like would you feel
good if you had an achievement for like
bench 135 10 times in a row you know
bench 215 twice you know
bench a full session without getting a
spotter like but like like would these
make you feel better to have like these
random [ __ ] plaques on your wall like
not really right like you're probably
happier you are now yeah yeah like
getting oh like the rent and that's what
it feels like in games like the
achievements always like this like
stupid random [ __ ] [ __ ] it's like I
don't care about this like random
achievement show like I want to do all
the side quests and all the content in
the game and that's what I want done I
don't need like a random you know like
this is this a random [ __ ] like you know
like you know bench with your arms very
close to each other but I don't know it
just feels like really dumb and cheap to
me I think but I mean I'm not I'm sorry
not to say that achievement centers are
bad I mean if people enjoy them it's
fine it's just that's not usually like
what I would I would I enjoy I don't
enjoy it like that yeah except my
Starbucks app I like those achievements
because I get more stars okay so I good
okay okay
no no cuz I was been taking some I was
being a big sugar because I also I never
found the appeal and achieve
it's not that I'm against people who who
and who dig it but it never compelled me
like the very first time I saw them
implemented I was like mm-hmm
I got an itch I got an achievement for
like I don't know like watching a
cutscene or like [ __ ] talking to
every NPC in town and then like the the
town gesture [ __ ] did a little dance
over there because I spoke to everyone
around me yeah I'm just like but I got
really I was even gameplay that was me
just being thorough
yeah and I feel yeah it kind of took me
you know what it did it was the opposite
of immersive it took me out of it I'm
like oh I'm playing a game or I'm being
gamed by a game like you know I mean
yeah yeah and I feel like I could in
fact I it's so hard to tell how much has
nostalgia glasses versus like actually
true but like back in the day like games
there were games that I really liked and
I wanted to explore this icon because I
love the game so much like a Final
Fantasy 7 had like DLC or whatever like
I would buy it because I want to know
more about that world and I want to do
more I don't need like an achievement
for beating like all three weapons like
I don't need an achievement for me and
then same thing with names like did you
play maybe it's not true in the new ways
all the games but when I was growing up
up to up to Majora's Mask and every
single Zelda game there's always like an
elaborate side quest chain to get a
store that's better than the Master
Sword
you know like completing stuff like that
and then doing all the side quests for
the different tunings and boots and
shields and everything like all of this
always felt like really good to do and
to have it all in to have done it all
like having like a message that positive
like congratulations you got the
whatever sword is like I mean okay I
don't know but yeah mmm yeah first off
we can we would clarify here a chat
listen I am going to play the ocarina of
time I it's all my I'm doing what's
called the reverse Zelda virgin marathon
where because I played no Zelda's part
of 2017 I'm playing them all backwards
for the social experiment so I started
with tweye princess to hype myself up
for breath of the wild and then from
then I'm gonna go backwards to Skyward
Sword then to Wind Waker and then to
ocarina of time
mm-hm but I haven't resumed doing that
yet but that's that's been my plan since
I started that in 2017 yeah in case you
want to know Chad just before you blow
me up about like not playing go to you
well I'm going around to it so but yeah
yeah yeah as a cubist never really took
me this took me out of it not any ever
never give a [ __ ] about them honestly so
[Music]
are you are you uh one more he has an
interesting one for both two questions
one was there anyone that you were
friends with such were aware of in the
younger days of twitch or your prime
time playing video games that you wish
it either tried streaming or blew up
enough to continue streaming and then -
are there any streamers out there who
you wish you could collaborate with that
you don't know well enough to ask or
don't have mutual friends with so number
one who do you know do you know people
from the younger days of twitch that you
wish had carried on with it or they you
think could have been successful but
just more ooh yeah I could think of uh I
can think of two friends one his name
was Steve and he actually Speed ran
Yoshi alongside me in 2009 um it was
pretty good but he sadly he just never
had the I think II I think he uh I want
to make it sound like unfortunately
because you know I'm sure I'm sure he's
a great father now but like he uh he got
to go pregnant at night fortunately had
a kid Dan kid not that super deal with
everything from then on so and then the
other friend I'm trying to think here uh
the the other person I don't remember
the situation actually he's kind of like
had a big fall I don't know I started
focusing on my [ __ ] and he was like
still kind of like idling around a
little bit so I don't know damn and then
then to any streamer out there you wish
you could collaborate with it you know
long enough to ask mm-hmm
[ __ ] I'm it's actually a deep
hypothetical here I don't know I if
there's a person I admire that I want to
work with and I don't and I feel to beta
to ask them to collaborate with and
usually my motivation is that just like
build myself up to where I can then use
my appropriate amount of clout to just
ask them hey you want to collab some
point I would say that I was doing but I
generally approach anyone I want to talk
to if I if I don't like him not gonna
talk to you so you if usually if I'm
communicating with you Marty of the
preference of interacting with you in
the first place you know on a possible
collaboration I wish in the Starcraft
days did you ever know addre mm doesn't
ring a bell kids there's an old really
salty player he was really funny
she would have stuck with it but you
know he yeah [ __ ] that would've been
really [ __ ] funny to see if you're
playing things like battle Royales I
think would have been really [ __ ]
funny that did was so mad at everything
it was so [ __ ] funny
but what happened to why why did he stop
I'm in the Starcraft days a lot of
people kind of like had their hands were
held like pretty hardcore by like teams
so they didn't really learn how to like
manage a stream or don't even like that
like they were just pro players who kind
of streamed every now and then so um
yeah I think if he would have um I I
think yeah I basically once like
Starcraft kind of died a lot of these
people didn't really know how to
transition or do anything so a lot of
them quit and basically went to school
or did like real life stuff instead
pretty much hmm interesting
huh yeah that's a how many friends do I
know now who like used to stream and
they're now doing like the the non like
they went into streaming and they they
they dip their toes and then went out of
it I'm trying to thank you very much
either
wish I had a I wish my question was
pre-screen so I can think about like
telling stories of people I know who
pursued streaming and then ultimately
said it wasn't for them for whatever
reason they backed out I hadn't I was
like all these streamer friends in terms
of streamers I wish I could collaborate
with I really think the doc is funny I
don't know if our content would ever
work together someday though when I get
cut enough playing Lee with Tyler won it
was like my dream I think I would be
really [ __ ] funny but see they doing
the only thing holding me back from
colliding with taller one is your skill
yeah he's significantly better than me
that week unfortunately I don't know if
I'll ever hit that level but that would
be really funny I think would be pretty
funny Tywin is like I think my favorite
streamer I think isn't one of the
funniest people in twitch it actually is
really sad I know how people feel about
me now it's really sad that he plays
league so much because everything else
he does it really [ __ ] funny yeah cuz
the variety right the two years he was
doing variety when he was banned was
like we're so good oh yes were were
amazing dude the outdoor streams when
he's like grilling [ __ ] the [ __ ] God
of War [ __ ] like yeah there's so many
funny [ __ ] that he did dude the [ __ ]
the car stream dude it was it the car
slash house tour we like [ __ ] shows
him how how godlike is oh-three accord
was that was [ __ ] dirtiest [ __ ] oh my
god dude yeah yeah okay well that's all
I got for this we chewed through these
last topics I have another show that I
have to do like really like so
minutes ago so although Raja way
seriously it's so probably okay so you
know you know [ __ ] one-hour intro
every every time yeah give any final
closing thoughts shoutouts hey everyone
well yeah yeah so I'm trying to face to
try hard checking out of mind stream
wish not to give you slaps trihex I have
a YouTube editor announce my YouTube's
hot and poppin so check out my videos
five days a week on youtube.com slash
tracks you should check that if you went
to I'm currently in the middle of doing
a little marathon themed thing I'm doing
the march of Yoshi where I'm doing a
leading up to the release of Yoshi's
crafted world the new Yoshi game force
which I'm back on speedrunning Yoshi's
Island Super Nintendo
so come through I'm doing the run of
that later today and I'm also giving
away a switch in the month of March so
you can come by my channel and check out
that if you want to see that and also
today I'm gonna be doing of episode 2 of
my own little new podcast thing inside
the speedrunner so if you're wondering
what speedrunning and what does it mean
to have the mentality of one who plays
games for max optimal performance come
through cuz I have I have a really sick
guest I have the creator of Doki Doki
literature club dan salvato who also
speedruns Yoshi's Story 4 in 64 all that
and more on my stream today so come
through wait when I say gonna be on he's
gonna be on my stream tonight at 7 p.m.
est okay cool yeah yeah meanwhile you
know we're still waiting on you to find
plate okie dokie so we find a jello cake
all that shut down I'm destiny you know
who I am
we will be back here next week and for
the next few weeks cuz man this is not
gonna get interrupted again until until
April when we have twitchcon which Triax
is not going to [ __ ] yeah I'm sorry
man I was I was iife late we know it
we'll talk about that next okay I'll
talk we'll talk about wife late okay I'm
sorry baby I'm sorry that's okay
check out destiny GG / shirt I've got a
duck thing there now a duck is a shirt
and a little weave shirt because I know
you [ __ ] disgust me weaves like that
[ __ ] so yeah check that out I love you
guys spend fun I'm gonna host trihex and
then I'm headed over to the Raj reversed
show now whatever the [ __ ] that is
and reverse king of the hill
where we might actually rate girls or
something I'm not sure yeah yeah it's
gonna be it's for dudes judging a girl
or something like that yeah so thanks
okay yeah yeah sounds like a lot of fun
so yeah I will see you guys over there
and thanks for joining us peace out see
the event
