hello how are you doing my good sir
good how am i coming through you're
coming through loud and clear all right
perfect
I'm a bit of a Boomer discord / twitch
so that's okay we all what I can give
you a little bit I could give you a
little bit about who the hell I am and
what I want to talk to you about and see
if you're interested go for it
I'm a little bit more than a Michael
Brooks caller okay that's out that's the
only thing people say when they talk
about you so I don't know if that's like
what you're most known for or whatever
if it's a me or what yeah yeah yeah I I
did work on majority report as a
producer okay I but my primary work is
with as a political campaign worker I do
I do like I was a campaign manager
political director I was a finance
director for for progressive campaigns
okay I also do policy so you know we can
discuss progressive policy on a little
bit more sophisticated level with
empirical data if you want we can talk
about whatever issue I was I was hoping
to talk to you though a little bit about
like what you think of the moderate
voter is and if you could describe like
the avid what a moderate motor is in
your mind who are they like different
categories of voters that we're trying
to win over as like the Democratic Party
what went wrong in 2016 and so the
reason why I want all this is just so I
know where your head's at so we could
talk about 2020 and the electability
question of Bernie Sanders because I
think I under
tell me if I'm miss characterizing your
position you like Elizabeth Warren and
Bernie Sanders because they're gonna
move the Overton Window laugh yeah but
you are concerned that they might be
unelectable because they're too far left
kind of yeah I guess that's probably for
you and so I want to totally and your
concerns about them being too far left
okay and if you want I can show you
there's a study that I like because it
has a lot of graphs and illustrations
that make this very clear and it's not
just a lump of text
um would you would you would you like
that sure shoot it forward yeah yeah
I'll send it over to you so you could
put on your and you're gonna grab that
and I'll pull it up on mine as well it's
it's from the democracy fund and let me
let me send that also everybody why I do
that it's it I just the end it to you
yeah go ahead if you would like you can
go over to to my shitty stream it's not
very we're very well configured I've
been streaming for like three days over
on central underscore committee follow
me Mike from PA on on Twitter all right
there you go
so this is basically one of the most
comprehensive studies of the electorate
from 2016 right and it and it talked
about the ideology and I probably need
to mute my notifications because that's
gonna spam most likely yeah I ate of a
bucket uh this this was this was the
most comprehensive study of the
electorate so and it talked to people
about their vote and then it talked to
them about like their political beliefs
on a different axis of ideology and then
it also talked to them about their vote
in 2012 so you can see like the people
who went from Obama Trump Obama other
etc and we can kind of look and see why
Hillary Clinton lost you know first of
all what's the political composition of
the electorate number one and number two
who shifted from Obama to Trump that
caused that victory okay
and so largely I think you you think
that people that are moderates or
moderate on economics and kind of like
moderate or or left on social issues
would you characterize that as like your
view
um can you restate that that people that
are moderate our modern moderate they're
moderate economically so they might be
skeptical of that $15 minimum wage for
example and but they are like kind of
socially liberal so like kind of that
libertarian esque vote you know that the
moderate Republican that's kind of the
people that are moderate voters
um and moderate Democrats as well sure
maybe yeah I guess sure so and I think
that's just totally wrong and and and I
understand why you have that view
because that's the view that's put out
in the mainstream media and that's
actually not just put on the mainstream
media if there's leaders of the
Democratic Party that say this stuff for
example Chuck Schumer famously said in
2016 and I think it was July 2016 Chad
feel free to google this and I'm trying
to get a get the quote as accurate as I
can as he said for every blue-collar
worker we lose in western Pennsylvania
we're gonna pick up to moderate
Republicans in the Philadelphia suburbs
do you have you ever heard that quote um
no and that sounds really stupid because
they sound like there's a lot of overlap
between these two bases but so yeah that
is really stupid and it is something
that Chuck Schumer said and that was in
a nutshell the Hillary Clinton strategy
right which was pursue those moderate
Republicans by showing you how
disgusting Trump is and kind of like get
people to go after Trudeau just reject
him because of his like personality that
the negative things about his history
just the way he comes off as a bully you
know hey you know mm-hmm Donald Trump is
disgusting that kind of stuff and it
didn't totally failed okay right and
here and now we're gonna talk about why
now if you scroll down to and I
encourage you to read this like on your
stream or off stream just so you can get
where I think progressives that have an
empirical view those of us who are in
the game and are trying to get these
candidates elected as opposed to people
who are just watching politics as
entertainment and who are like who like
Bernie they but they don't know why he
can win they just want him to win I'll
show you how he's gonna share it can you
do me
have you ever yeah sure any time you
become talk can you talk to your
audience for like five minutes and I'm
just gonna read this okay just so I have
a good yeah yeah that's fine okay all
right or or go you conducted my people
Turner I'm just gonna be reading mister
second okay
yeah yeah I'll keep talking so so guys
you know this study doesn't necessarily
you know the authors don't necessarily
agree with me on every and every point
I'm going to make but I'm going to use
their
they're there at their arguments that
they've collected the indexes and the
thing that I would want to draw us to
primarily is I need to recenter destiny
on who the persuadable voters are right
and why Bernie Sanders is the best
candidate for those persuadable voters
and why Joe Biden is the worst and and
to a lesser extent I think Elizabeth
Warren could also appeal to these voters
but I think she would be riskier for a
bunch of other reasons that are not as
well grounded empirically but I think if
it kind of strikes me as true but that's
not really good enough for what we're
trying to do here today so I'm gonna
focus more on on what's empirically
well-founded so the main thing here is I
what I want you guys to look at is this
2016 electorate right
the 2016 electorate and let me let me
pull up my my chat see if everybody is
is is roll in here hey everybody
remember Central Committee hit the
follow button get the [ __ ]
follow button like let's go what you're
gonna see here is these these four
quadrants this is kind of a political
compass right so on the on the y-axis
here you have the social liberalism
social conservatism one is very socially
conservative and on the x-axis here you
have economic liberalism versus or
left-wing live economic division and
conservatives on economics and every
voter that they talk to they evaluated
their political ideology right and they
plotted it and the color dot is who that
person voted for in 2016 right so what
you'll see right here is on the economic
far-right like basically the orthodoxy
of the Tea Party there is basically no
voters here almost nobody is
economically far right the other thing
you'll probably notice is that this
libertarian section which is that's a
economically conservative and socially
liberal is almost empty I mean there are
some dots here it's not completely empty
but they're tiny like if you compare
that to the other three quadrants
there's almost no one here and
this is the group of voters that those
what we would call corporatist Democrats
or establishment Democrats want you to
focus on those moderate Republicans that
they're always chasing like that's those
that's this group and there's almost
nobody here and believe it or not they
divided evenly between third parties
Trump and Clinton so this is this is an
empty well but they keep trying to drill
it and then here's the most shocking
thing right yeah this is the populist so
this is the liberal segment what let's
not skip over this so this is
conservative again libertarian this is
this is liberal and then this is the
popular segment so what is populist
according to the authors of this study
these are economically liberal or
economically left and socially
conservative so these are the viewers
Mississippi these are the voters who you
know who would who are say old Union
guys and they are disproportionately
concentrated where you guessed it the
Rust Belt states and the Rust Belt
states are white Donald Trump along the
election okay and so what you'll notice
here is that the by the way the
Democratic Party is very economically
left like the vast majority of
Democratic Party voters are very left
economically and and and then what you
see here is there's actually people who
are pegged far left economically but
they voted for Donald [ __ ] Trump
because they're more socially
conservative or because of some other
reason and this is the category of
voters that is most interesting to me
and there's another category of voters
which is the people who went and these
this is and if you look in this you'll
see a lot of yellow dots and those are
people who voted third party right and
so and so what you'll see here
fundamentally is that the electorate is
divided no not the moderates don't exist
here in fact what so when someone uses
the word moderate what they mean is
someone who votes with both sometimes
for the Democrats and sometimes for the
Republicans what it does not mean is you
look at the political spectrum and
they're moderate that's not true
and what you'll find is when you look so
so are we all in agreement are we all in
agreement that most voters are not like
the moderates as far as fiscally
conservative and socially liberal is it
doesn't exist or exists to such a small
extent that it's not relevant to the
elections outcome so let's go look at
ideology and vote choice and here is
that so we have so reminder guys four
categories liberal that was forty four
point six percent of the electorate
populist twenty eight point nine percent
of the electorate conservative twenty
two point seven percent in libertarian
three point eight percent right and the
reason why Hillary Lost is she was
targeting that three point eight percent
and didn't even win it a Donald Trump
was targeting that twenty eight percent
and he won at three to one so that's why
Trump won okay Hillary Clinton's
strategy and by the way even if she got
every liberal in every libertarian she
would have lost it's not fit that's not
enough and so let's look at the vote
choice here right so this is by size of
the vote share so the liberal is the
largest group and by the way did you
realize that forty four point six
percent of people are left on economics
and left on social issues that they're
two by far the largest group did you
realize that did you know that you
probably didn't because you've been told
this is a center-right country isn't
that weird but this is just facts baby
this is the evidence isn't that weird so
you've been misled why is that we'll get
to that later when destiny comes back so
look at these liberals right look at
these liberals thanks for all the
follows guys Central Committee on Twitch
twitch.tv slash central underscore
committee come on over this is the
winning side of the debate come on I'm
just [ __ ] with you guys I'm just
[ __ ] with you
destinies reading I don't I'm just I'm
just meaning here I'm sure he's gonna
have some good objections and and and
thoughts I can't wait for him so anyway
so look at these liberals so Hillary
Clinton got thirty thirty six point
eight percent eight five percent of the
vote share that went for Clinton was in
the liberal section four point five of
people are in Baba though and they say
liberal that's just the shorthand it
doesn't mean they're liberals they could
be socialists
but a socialist would be pegged on that
far left right all right so four point
five six percent of those liberals went
to other that's a big problem that's the
people vote in Green Party that's the
people voting for Gary Johnson that's
the people rioting in Bernie Sanders
that's the people leaving it leaving it
blank right then you have populist mojo
right and this is where Hillary Clinton
got annihilated and where the biggest
shift was now Donald Trump won at three
to one
woo Donald Trump won at three to one
these are the old these are those old
guy the blue-collar workers at western
Pennsylvania that Chuck Schumer said
wasn't that important right we'll get
we'll get those moderate Republicans in
the suburbs two of them for every
blue-collar worker that we lose in
Pittsburgh well how did that work out
for you didn't work out very well
and then you look at the Conservatives
Hillary Clinton got point three nine
percent of the electorate that
identifies themselves as conservative
the IKE sarena not of the of the
electorate so let me put it to the I
misspoke point three nine percent of the
electorate called them what rated as
conservative during the test and said
they voted for Hillary Clinton and the
libertarian it's basically even Hillary
got 1.04 Trump slightly won them so even
among those people she was targeting she
lost the Trump but it was so narrow as
to be statistically insignificant right
so let's let's go let's go down and see
now let's go to the most interesting
part and this is why and we're gonna get
to why Bernie Sanders is gonna win when
when and destiny gets back but I want to
educate so why you guys are reading I'm
gonna read it to you so you know what
I'm saying so when destiny says some
[ __ ] you can call them out all right
so look at this ideology and vote chip
so here's the Obama Clinton voters right
these are the people who voted for Obama
and then voted for Clinton well as you
can see she pretty much crushed the
liberals right and there was some some
of those populist they're basically no
conservatives were in the Obama Clinton
category which makes sense that's a good
sanity check right and then you have the
libertarian some of the people the
people that are in the libertarian cat
camp voted for Clinton so there's
there's her voucher then here's that
here are the two buckets of
voters that Clinton didn't get that
Obama did we have the Obama others and
the Obama Trump so who are they in the
Obama others the Obama others are mostly
those those are like the Bernier busters
right the Green Party voters that the
people who were just they just couldn't
make themselves vote for Clinton that
was a mistake right i I consider myself
a suck them who is a social democratic
socialist curious right and so people
like me who didn't vote very
strategically right that's them and
that's mostly that's mostly liberals in
that category so in the bottom left and
then we have the Obama Trump category
right these are the people who flipped
Michigan Wisconsin Pennsylvania made
Ohio a blowout made Florida a blowout
made Iowa is blowout right
almost lost Minnesota right that is lost
Wisconsin that's where these these two
categories right here and then there's
the Romney Clinton right those are the
those are those moderate Republican
women who were going to be offended by
Trump right as you can see if you
compare the size of the of the bar graph
you know it's a 1/2 or 1/3 the size of
these other two even one of these
categories which are both vital look at
this horrible and then Romney other this
is this is some people who were
disgusted by Trump and they just
couldn't make themselves vote for
Clinton so they cancelled out there they
can't sell out they're both right they
didn't they didn't end up mattering but
here is here is the here's the rub of
what I'm arguing here is the Obama Trump
vote those are the that that is that's
what crushed Hillary right and yeah not
good and so what what did those people
look like like what are their viewpoints
and how did Trump win them over and why
is Bernie Sanders the candidate that
bets best fits them oh and by the way
well you know and we'll talk about how
they this this graph talks about how
what their views were on a different a
bunch of different issues which will put
these people on the political spectrum
right so you know
what were the questions asked and how
are they placed in that political
spectrum so uh Nate you know as far as
like Bernie and Warren and Biden in the
national polls right now here's what I
would tell you national polls don't
matter that's not how we pick a nominee
okay so just let you know okay I'm done
no I'm here what's up okay okay so do
you see what I'm going with this are you
still still I mean I think I do I it
seems like the general argument you're
gonna make from this data is that the
kind of the disenfranchised populist
economically left but socially right
voters that bet from Obama to Trump are
more likely to be brought back into the
fold under a Bernie Sanders than a Biden
yeah okay
that's that's largely the point also but
that's that's only one bucket of the
electability argument because like so
there are four categories of voters we
need right like we're approaching how
are we gonna win an election like we
look at these different groups right so
we have we have our base voters
there's the those are those Obama
Clinton voters we've got to keep those
then we have three other persuadable
groups right there is you have the Obama
Trump voter you have the Obama other
voter and then you have the non voter so
which candidate is gonna be best able of
activating those three buckets and
moving as much of the votes back to the
Democratic Party as possible and I would
argue that in every single one of those
buckets
Bernie's the best choice and we can go
through this exactly and did you look at
the share like the distribution of the
electorate like the the ideology did you
find that interesting I talk I kind of
read the study to to the chats as we
were going oh so they can understand
what I was what I was doing yeah I mean
I think it kind of winds up generally
with with most of what I'm kind of
familiar with I think that like the
dough is that right because you said
that you thought they were economically
moderate well I guess I well I I guess I
don't know what you mean when you say I
can't really modern I'm sorry I've dealt
with so many socialists over the past
few days like people call me right-wing
if I like saying like hill
we Clinton's policies are okay so I'm
not sure 100 when you say economically
moderate but what I mean by that is they
would that they were happy that Hillary
Clinton didn't want to do a $15 minimum
wage but she only wanted to do 1250 you
know like that sure yeah right um
possibly but like one of the things that
we've talked about a lot because the
first instance for instance I interact
with Hasan was a was talking to him
about his debate with Charlie Kirk is
that like you see this emergence of New
Age Republicans that aren't actually
like big Pro corporation big Pro
businesses or whatever that these people
actually start to resemble a lot more
populist talking points then kind of
like the traditional big business
Republicans of old and if you try to
debate somebody like a charlie Kirk and
you open with like well these big visits
are destroying America a lot of these
Republicans will disagree with you
they'll be like oh absolutely they are
and you'll be like what that [ __ ] like
what's going on yeah yeah but that is
the political innovation of Trump that's
why he won because he was the first
person to really run that lane in the
Republican Party and if you look at the
chart if you go to let me figure let me
show you which figure if you look at
figure three you actually see that the
ideology that the populist voting bloc
is bigger than the conservative voting
bloc aka economically left but socially
right has more people in it than
economically right socially righted so
somebody who comes in there and says I'm
not gonna touch Social Security and
Medicare which is what Trump campaigned
on even though it turned out to be a lie
right he said we were gonna get we're
gonna get health care that covers
everyone remember that do you remember
that that was said that Trump said that
yeah um yeah I I don't know if they said
that I remember like repeal and replace
has been like a big Republican talking
point for [ __ ] no no that was that was
the unsuccessful people's campaign okay
uh and we can pull it up yeah sure I'm I
watch I followed all of the Trump stuff
like pretty religiously I don't remember
him making as strong a stance on like
health care related stuff most of it
seemed or not yeah here it goes here you
go I got a Washington Post article I'm
gonna [ __ ] I don't pay for it
goddamn it so um let me see if I could
copy this link here I'll send it over to
you
and feel free to correct me on anything
but I feel like I'm not trying to bust
you too much but I think you are you did
slide a little bit like you went from
Bernie's to extreme economically right
so that's why we can't nominate him and
now it's like oh now that I see your
evidence clearly populace are
economically left and those are the
actual swing voters yeah sure okay okay
well yeah okay oh yeah okay I'll give
this one a my intention okay so the past
like two weeks like the average Bernie
voter that I have interacted with has
literally come and tried to like shove
socialism down like voters throats and
anybody that is opposed to socialism is
a right winger so like the moderate
position ends up being like this very
strange like like even left of like a
suck them so as somebody that like
spends a lot of time on like the Michael
Brooks show or in that community I'm not
when you ask me like what does a
moderate I don't I'm not necessarily one
Harper sent sure how you're using that
term so I mean like I'm usually a more
confident sure usually usually when we
talk about these position the way that
we that it's that it's discussed in like
mainstream media parlance right okay
sure
I use generally okay so good I'm not a
Bernie Sanders fan I'm a professional
and like and I know what I'm talking
about like so yeah I'm sure you had a
lot of dumb people on Twitter like
that's a problem with Bernie Sanders
yeah I'm not trying to say that I'm not
trying to say that you're done but it's
when somebody that is coming from this
realm is asking me like if I think most
people are moderate like that I've heard
this word use like so many times so I
mean like so I'll kind of say like sure
I think most people are kind of moderate
and that they're not like Pro socialists
but I mean obviously this could mean
like different things to different
people generally when we talk about like
specific things I'm usually looking it
likes more specific policy points
because I think it's kind of hard to
just say like is somebody like
economically moderate or not on because
this even or not like poor policy
position like this can mean like
different things for different elements
yeah what percentage of Republicans do
you think want to raise the minimum wage
if you had to guess what percentage of
opponents want to raise the minimum wage
if I had to guess if I had to go yes I
know you know I I don't know 100 percent
if I guess I would probably say 60 to 65
would be a guess that's a good that's a
good guess at 70 okay sure 70% okay no
doubt is that part of the republican
party platform generally no so why is
there a disconnect between the demo the
republican party voting voters and what
their elected representatives support
right so we have we have this disconnect
where the voters are to the left and if
you look at this chart so let's look at
let's and and this is why I gave this
because it has so many visuals so much
easier to talk about on stream because I
know that that's what you want if you
look at the 2016 electorate right that's
figure 2 what you'll see here is even
the Republican Party voters are
clustered kind of in the middle
economically there's almost nobody in
the far right like the people who want
to privatize Social Security and
Medicare even though that's part of the
Republican Party like platform and
something Paul Ryan was budget well I so
okay well if we're gonna be really
specific I'm gonna be real specific
that's never been like am i from my
knowledge of the past 10 years
privatizing Social Security whatever it
hasn't never been like a big part of the
Republican platform people like Ryan it
seems to me are more fringe positions of
this but yeah go for it one of the
things that Bush failed horribly on as
he tried to do a privatize social
security plan and he was utterly
rejected way totally George W Bush it's
a little bit going back I'm a little bit
older than you sure bush is fine yeah
this venison but but he tried to advance
privatization plan for Social Security
and he and he lost it got rejected
because its electoral poison yeah but I
can't tell if that's like it that's
something but I don't know if that's
your point or my point
like it seems like I don't think
Republicans have ever n mass supported
like a privatization of Social Security
question Republican voters or republican
party elites Republican voters I don't
know if it's been a big part of like any
Republican like platform so like people
running for like the Senate or the house
or people that are running for president
but oh no no no it's it's okay so this
is a little bit more of a sophisticated
argument but sure it's not something
that campaign on because it's very
unpopular but it's like have you heard
about like the Pete Peterson foundation
and like the simpson-bowles Commission
and like the idea that we have these
unfunded liabilities and that they're
gonna bankrupt America yeah people
always complain it's like some austerity
[ __ ] but basically the idea that
like yeah those are all garbage right
you know you understand that those are
garbage arguments and that true we can
really get into the into Social Security
Medicare the only reason and this is it
this is the diversion it's not what what
will we really what I'm trying to say
what the point I'm trying to say here is
the Republican Party voters are not
actually that right economically they
actually do cluster more around that
more moderate of you at least according
to this studies questions and we can
deal with that and and then can we be
just so we're like super clear when you
say not that far right economically what
what like what do you mean by that what
do I mean by that I mean like they don't
want to abolish the minimum wage they
don't want to repeal let's see let's see
some of these things they don't want to
increase they're concerned about
economic inequality mm-hmm right they
think we should raise taxes on the
wealthy and they don't think that and
the distribution of money in wealth in
the country
those are the questions that was talked
about and if you asked if you asked
Republicans like one of the things that
happened recently was Warren came out
with this tax the wealth plan of wealth
oh well thanks him and and I was pulled
and do you remember how it was pulled it
pulled very well across the political
spectrum okay that would that is like
that would that's not part of the
Republican party platform every
Republican politician would fight that
tooth and nail even and some Democratic
politicians would but yet the mass of
the people and Republican Party voters
say they support a wealth tax for money
over 50 million I'm so like what I'm
trying to say is that I could like the
voter the electorate is much to the left
of where the political conversation and
an end the economic policy that we have
okay youth does that does that track
with what yeah I would agree that sure
so like the main problem that like when
people say that Joe Biden is a better
candidate because he's more moderate
economically actually that is a disaster
for him
that's going to demotivate those three
buckets we talked about earlier to vote
like non voters are not gonna come out
and vote because he doesn't want to
raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour
right they're not gonna be excited about
that if they're checked out of the
political program right our political
politics right now that's not gonna
entice them back we both agree they're
right that if he's not in favor of like
very what left positions that he's not
going to motivate the very left people
to come out and vote
so like the the population of people who
don't vote actually tend to be more left
okay and there this is like this there
is so much political science data behind
this I could send you a couple things on
and if you want so you can read but one
of them is like when mandatory voting
was put in and some Swiss cantons this
is a political science thing that it
increased the vote share of left-wing
parties by 15% so the people who are and
and what we see in America is in the
party for example we have different
scoring that we put on every person
every voter okay and I'm not really
revealing super secrets but this is a
little bit of inside talk so you say you
can understand what I'm saying
well you get two scores you have a you
have a voter propensity score and you
have an ideological score your voter
propensity score is 0 to 100 how likely
you are to vote and your ideological
score is 0 to 100 are you gonna vote
Democrat are you gonna vote Republican
right so the people who score at 80 90
on the ideology tend to correlate with
people who don't vote very much so then
when you go down that so the only group
of people that Republicans have the
numerical advantage in is people who
show up to vote 100 percent 90 to 100
percent of the time Democrats have the
lead in every other cohort okay so as
you step down
people are more left and you don't know
if that surprises you it doesn't
surprise me because they tend to be
younger right they tend to be lower
income to the young people and lower
income people tend to have more
left-wing views and so what I'm trying
to say is with Joe Biden he will not
appeal with two younger more left-wing
people do we is that track I mean the
polls right now kind of show it his
support largely clusters around that 65
plus cohort right mm-hmm
so so what I'm trying to say is if
electability is your concern Joe Biden
sucks ass
because he's not going to appeal to
those people that don't vote and as far
as like the Bernie er Buster's they're
burning or Buster's maybe they would
consider a warrant I think Warren is
another acceptable choice some people
disagree with me and I respect that but
I think she would be just as good as
Bernie on a lot of these things but I
think Bernie appeals to those populist
voters more than any other candidate and
I think they were decisive both in the
the election but also they have a
disproportionate influence on the
electoral college and that's how we pick
our present so that's why Bernie is much
much much more electable than Joe Biden
because when people find out that he
supported NAFTA now we could have a
disagreement about whether NAFTA is a
good policy and we can leave that to
another debate if you if you enjoy this
we can come back and do another one but
the fact that he supported NAFTA and
then he supported TPP and he supported
these trade programs may be something
that you think is a good policy but
politically you recognize it that it's a
killer in Michigan Pennsylvania
Wisconsin Iowa Indiana and Florida right
mm-hmm
so like it so that's actually a bad
thing
that means he's to thee that who cost
him votes when he goes up against Trump
because Trump will be able to tack to
his left on trade and when I say left I
mean skeptical of free trade agreements
as they're currently constituted okay
and that's a big problem for the
persuadable voters especially in those
electoral eCollege electoral college
significant states of Pennsylvania
Michigan Wisconsin etc sure can I so can
I ask you a couple questions
sure so firstly why are you so confident
that people are actually gonna be making
these votes on policy if that was true
then wouldn't we expect to see like a
much greater share of Bernie Sanders
supporters being in favor of Warren
rather than like Warren supporters being
more favorable to Kamala Harris what
like why don't we see these trade offs
and the electorate in terms of people's
psyche okay so well first of all I would
say that if you look at if you look at
morning consult full and and I know you
have but we can pull it up yeah I can
you link it to me yeah I got it
I just I just do it I'm fast
if
you look at it like your right to note
that Bernie Sanders number one second
choice to Joe Biden and why it might
have changed to one this morning I think
these got updated just recently it's
it's a lot it didn't okay find some
things number one oh I say you look
Arnie Ernie's a second choice is Joe
Biden right but if you look at the if
you look at the Sanders supporters what
you'll see is Joe Biden number one at
thirty-one and Elizabeth Warren at 25 in
Kavala Harrison eight or 26 excuse me so
there actually is an ideological section
now I am 100% understand what you're
saying about voters voting by ideology
they don't you're right about that
ah I'm not arguing that Bernie is going
to win them over by ideology it's a
little bit more sophisticated than that
but what I will say is it's hard for you
to come at me of that voters don't vote
by ideology and then to also
simultaneously hold in your mind the
view that bernie is debt more dangerous
in the general election because he's too
far left that's an argument about
ideology yeah yeah so I've never my life
said that people vote by ideology that's
a very vague term what I would say is
people don't vote by policy if you're
going to say ideologies policy well then
I of course no I definitely don't think
every person votes on policy because
then these vote overlaps wouldn't make
sense I would say that voters are more
likely to vote on things like rhetoric
that's usually what I think so like I
think is strong and appealing and simple
well then why is he so far behind in the
polls right now uh what do you mean do
you mean in the Democratic primary yeah
in the Democratic primary okay so do you
know what the national polls were the
day before the Iowa caucuses in January
4th 2008 annoyed you know how far behind
Obama was to Hillary Clinton before the
first primary quiet I think it was 20
points behind plot yeah more than 20
points so like and then he won Iowa and
then there B then the whole race changed
so okay well they you you understand
that these two situations are not
comparable at all though right well
they're they're comparable in many ways
and we can get into it and the second
thing is like if you look at Hillary
Clinton that 2008 primary now I'm just
giving you an example because you asked
me a question sure that was about
polling
and so we're gonna talk about pasta
victory here is that Joe Biden it's not
that Joe Biden supporters don't like
Bernie Sanders they do like Bernie
Sanders
they just largely think that Joe Biden
is the most electable and that's kind of
a self lifting popsicle the media says
that Joe Bynes the most electable and so
they say that they're voting for Joe
Biden because they're he's the most
electable and it continues to go around
in a circle
well because I mean honestly dude it's
August 6 2019 most normal people are not
making their final decisions about
candidates right yeah of course so I
want to push back on the first things I
hear this given a lot that like that
that Obama you know was able to make up
this huge gap so and I could be wrong
cuz I definitely wasn't as politically
corrected at a time but my understanding
and that Democratic primary was that
Obama was like who nobody really knew
him much on the national level yet at
all really not much and that when he
started to speak more people started to
figure who he was he started to pick up
a ton of popularity and it kind of came
almost out of nowhere and dethroned
Hillary in term in that election
Brad was had a full election cycle for
everybody across the country and almost
across the world because of how popular
that election was to get to know who he
was he's coming into this race with way
more name recognition than Obama ever
had at the beginning of his race against
Hillary
oh sure at the because no I I grant you
that and he also has he has a lot of
strengths as well that that Obama didn't
have and like the other thing is like
the other the thing about Joe Biden is
he's a much weaker frontrunner than
Hillary Clinton was in 2008 do you at
least acknowledge that what do you mean
by a weaker he's got much less support
both money endorsements his positioned
in the polls like Hillary Clinton mm I
don't know significantly behind her he's
not even the top fundraiser I keep
behind
he's behind Bernie on fundraising he's
behind Bernie and volunteers
he's behind Bernie in in almost every
metric but national polling I don't know
if I would grant that and and the reason
why I wouldn't is because the field is
so much wider this time like back in
that's part of why Bernie doesn't have
higher numbers is because there are more
choices like you're kind of making my
argument I bet
so I feel like if anything I feel like I
would be making my argument they're like
burning into this with he's already had
a full campaign cycle to run everybody
for eight years right
like why do you think people are voting
for Joe Biden because there was a poll
recently done on this well I haven't
seen the broad but I would almost bet my
life on the association with Obama that
people miss correctamundo 88% of people
saying they were voting for Joe Biden
was this association with Obama first
now at this point that's the most
relevant thing to most normal human
beings because frankly most normal human
beings do not think about politics as
much as we do in this conversation in
the whole year so like that that is the
truth like you have a certain percentage
of the electorate that consumes
political media as a hobby mm-hmm which
is a very very very slim percentage of
the electorate I would imagine like look
at the look at the ratings at MSNBC Fox
News CNN combined you're talking about
like 10 million people it's it's for
sure that's the people though based on
the polling data I've seen and it sounds
like you're familiar with all of this it
seems like the people that were the most
politically connected or that considered
themselves high consumers of media still
were overwhelmingly or not well ruined
but still did come out like the poor
ality of those plurality of those people
favored Joe Biden it wasn't sander sir
okay so so I hear what you're saying so
here's what's happening like right now
we have a narrative in the media that
largely kind of recirculates the idea
that Joe binds the most electable even
though there's no empirical data for
that other than other than there is one
point which is general election polling
versus Donald Trump uh-huh 18 months
from the election okay which if you look
at Nate Silver and you asked him hey is
general election polling 18 months
before the election valid he would say
[ __ ] no sure so it so it is a data point
that he's the most electable he does
lead Trump by the most in most places
but Bernie is right behind him in most
of those general election things for
example a poll just came out today about
Texas and both Bernie and Sanders were
winning in Texas at the head against
Trump that came out today okay and so so
what I'm trying to say is the Elector
ability argument is what's circulating
in the media attention is low so this is
something that III think we should
address more I think that a lot of
people kind of just use this as a gimme
but I don't know if I would buy that the
only reason so many people support by
Odin is just
because they think he's more electable
like I feel like the name recognition
from Obama and the desire to return to
kind of like that Obama s Kara like the
Association has is more powerful than
people literally like oh well I will not
like Biden that much especially yeah
especially because I got same polling
that like you know tested people's
political engagement I think the people
with the lowest political engagement
were the ones that were more
overwhelmingly in favor of Bernie
Sanders so III yeah so I don't buy this
thing that Biden is only popular just
because people will think that he can
win I I do think that people as much as
it hurts to say genuinely do like Biden
and harken back to the Obama days there
so think about Joe Biden is again like
I'm not somebody who's telling you the
polls are fake but what I am telling you
to do is that I want the one the
assertions I am making I think they're
pretty well-founded is that national
polls don't matter though not how we
pick nominees Bernie Sanders is behind
but he it's he's bought like for example
in the morning console boy we have you
know Joe Biden's at 33 Bernie's at 19
warns at 15 Kamala Harris as at nine
like that's a substantial lead from
Biden but you know a wiggle down five
points and Bernie up five points which
is telling within the margin of error
and you have a tight race like we're not
and that in that kind of movement can
happen easily right and and what we see
here is Bernie Sanders advantages are
like for example he did he beat Hillary
Clinton in Wisconsin primary right he
beat Hillary Clinton in the Michigan
primary last time mm-hmm he won the New
Hampshire primary he has the best
operation in Iowa when you're talking
with Walter so Iowa's I was only
important because of the main caucus
like momentum right like otherwise like
I don't think I was like necessarily
that important in the overall electorate
except for the fact that it's a purple
state right sure yeah but when we look
at these other responses as opposed to
like South Carolina which is a deep red
station never heard Democrats yeah for
sure
but like could we care what the purple
states that are gonna be the you know
where the possible winner loss of the
election is gonna be more than say like
a deep red Republican station sure but
when we look at the fact that a lot of
these like purple states that ended up
swinging Trump like a lot of these
states are places that support Biden
don't they like he has like strong
support in these places due to his
associate
with Obama okay so you're saying like
like for example Biden does pretty well
in Pennsylvania right now I mean like
that's true that's true but if you I
think there was a poll of Michigan again
they don't tend to pull the states that
are not coming up early you know what I
mean yeah because they want to see you
later where the like caucuses and
everything are gonna fall right like the
Big Show and like for example there's
like almost no polls out in Nevada right
now and I know you've heard before that
Bernie Sanders is the most popular
candidate among among Hispanic voters
right Latinos yes black people know but
Latinos yes yeah and so Latino voters
are vital for a you know Colorado Nevada
possibly Texas because we just had that
poll right and if the Dems can flip
Texas and the Republicans literally have
no path uh-huh and so somebody like
Bernie he he has this kind of
interesting coalition right and and the
one thing that's happening I think is
with Elizabeth Warren a lot when it was
just Bernie versus Clinton a lot of
Elizabeth Warren voters right now our
supporters were in the Bernie camp but
since they they do track closer to
Warren now they're in her camp I don't
know that it's true we're not used to
Beth Warren voters more likely to be
like college educated yeah more likely
to be white more likely to be high
income it seems like an exact flip
between Bernie's photos Bernie seems
like he is more of a coalition with okay
don't remember the memes about Bernie
bruised like now though if you look at
the numbers like Bernie Sanders voters
are overwhelmingly like young
lower-income he does say okay they gave
us less educated but he was very I think
he was like tied with by and among
people of color which includes all
Hispanics Asians others black people
like if you look at them it's like 20 to
22 uh-huh and so what we have here is a
very interesting situation and and I'm
not saying that binds not the
front-runner but I'd give him like a
thirty to forty percent chance of being
the nominee and that is a that's a good
number hey I'd want that number right
but it doesn't mean that he's like gonna
win and then when you actually look at
policies which a lot of voters are going
to do as we get closer and they are
gonna see what the pitches are and
they're not gonna just go like it's
right it's one thing right now to answer
a pollster yeah you know you get called
on the
phone and you say who are you leaning to
I've got 20 candidates the name here
they're gonna go in alphabetical order
are you ready Joe by Michael Bennett
blah blah blah like 20 minutes later
you're done with the list it's not a
surprise that people are saying Joe
Biden right that's a far cry from 18
months from now they go into their
caucus location in Iowa oh and they sit
out for four hours sure that's yeah I
mean if anything psychology I think
would tell us that you're more likely to
probably say the name that you hear
laughs if Sanders is gonna be a lot
further down that list and Biden but but
I sure yeah stop when they do these
polls by the way they stop you would you
you when you say they're nothing the
name they don't just keep reading oh
okay yeah yeah all right I feel like I
could be totally wrong but I would be
shocked if they didn't like randomize
the names or something for the things
they normally do okay with this many
people it's too much of a hassle for
like to randomize the names yeah it is
if you wouldn't believe it but it's true
go look at some of these polls and and
if it doesn't say randomize they didn't
randomize it like I know this cuz I've
purchased polls before and run them so
like why what are people that run these
like mess I know you would think that
you would think they would be competent
but they [ __ ] up it's believe it or not
okay
it seems strange that the polling data
on all about leave all these compounding
[ __ ] up surface has been relatively
consistent I think since like the
beginning like the this election cycle
but it's been it's been pretty
consistent like you have a poll today
that came out from I think Reuters where
where Bernie was four points down to
Biden and then you have this morning
console poll that we're looking at where
Joe Bynes at 33 and Bernie's at 19 and
so like which one of those two
statistically like which one's correct
because the numbers are outside the
margin of error of each other's poll
sure I usually just like at the
aggregator I guess unreal clear look at
aggregators right but aggregators don't
necessarily like I'm not trying to I'm
not trying to say the polls are wrong
they're not like Biden has the advantage
and he's probably leading but there's
there's a far cry
so the point this argument all started
because I said Joe Biden is not
electable in the general election and
then you said well why is it that he's
got thirty
percent of the Democratic primary vote
if that's the case and I'd like to me
that's not actually it's kind of off
track from the original argument which
is his electability in the general
election like I'm not saying that Bernie
sit like the thing about about primaries
are that when you have this many choices
you're going to have this much of a
diversion or a diversion or divided I'm
sure here's here's like a kind of like a
question I have for you that I guess I
don't know
what it seems like if I take everything
that you're saying to be true that that
people are gonna rally behind Sanders
because of the more kind of populist
leaning message the the left-leaning
political positions aren't really a
problem that all of these things are
true statements
why did Bernie come into this election
cycle you know so low and has stayed
there the entire time why wouldn't he
what do you mean by it what do you mean
by so low you mean second yeah so he's
he's ok so he's been in second he's
maintained in second uh-huh and the
answer is largely his supporters are
lower income lower educated they're
probably considered to be less likely to
vote then Biden supporters who tend to
be old like Biden really crushes it with
the 70 plus demographic right in the
Democratic primary okay not necessarily
against Trump and so what you have here
is Biden is just doing better among
older voters who are more easily polled
more easily that are a significant
portion of the voting population and
it's they're not saying Biden not Bernie
they're just saying I like both at this
point I prefer Biden cuz I think he's
more electable and that's where we are
right now but if you ask them who do you
trust more on health care they're gonna
go with Bernie
so okay with something I just want to
push no clear answer on this because you
because I feel like I've kind of yeah
maybe this is what I'm a different thing
so I'm saying a double speaking so like
do you do you genuinely think that the
people that support Biden over Bernie
that the primary reason not the owners
but the primary reason a voter would
support Biden over Bernie is just
because they think he can win the
general election
I mean I feels like that's what you just
saw but right now I would say the
primary reason that people support by
nova bernie is perceptions of
electability and possibly nostalgia to
the to the Obama administration those
will be the top two okay oh my go D and
nostalgia okay not and I and I think
like we like if you look at for example
support of Medicare for all among
Democratic primary voters it's like 80%
well you look at the joining I look at
how you asked the question but yeah oh
we could we could talk about benchmark
pools versus tracking polls versus
brushfire polls it was like the the it
seems like the response to that is like
heavily persuaded based on which side of
the Medicare for all you present well
let me put it to you this way
let me put it this way if going into the
election of 2016 and you ask people do
you support Donald Trump's efforts to
build the wall on the border with Mexico
do you think that that is neutral or
should we have said do you support
Donald Trump's efforts to build the wall
with Mexico even though it will cost
twenty billion dollars and it is not
actually physically feasible wait I'm
sorry could you give me the first
question again so the first question was
do you support Donald Trump's plan to
build the wall on the border with Mexico
or then another question you could ask
is do you support Donald Trump's plan to
build the wall of Mexico even though
it's physically impossible and will cost
twenty billion dollars I mean I would
depending on what you're asking I would
argue that both of those are primed the
second one is super Prime but in the
first one you might not be finding out
if people are in favor or against a wall
you actually responded if they like or
don't like Donald Trump right sorry but
I mean I'm okay fair enough fair enough
but but what you I think what you're
what you're seeing here is and by the
way here's the thing about voting right
sure
like when we do these poll like
benchmark polls which is what you're
talking about where we test messaging
like we go would you support Medicare
for all if it means you lose your
private insurance and by the way that is
a very loaded question because you're
aware about the cognitive bias that
humans have called loss aversion sure
where are we still coming and trading to
if you if you think you're gonna lose
five dollars even if you gain a hundred
dollars I like like after your you're
more likely to just avoid the loss it's
like a decision so
of course still once when someone wrote
that question they were they were
deploying the strategy of triggering
fears of loss aversion now it goes to be
fair not effective doesn't mean it's not
true because I'm I would say that based
on all the data that you showed me so
far loss aversion seems to be the like a
general trend of the electorate because
that that polling that you showed me
earlier and that big thing it seemed
like a really big common factor between
both parties was like that that the view
that politics is a rigged game so if you
do believe that politics is a rigged
game right both parties seem to united
on that talking about taking away
anything I don't think Joe Biden unites
on that wait what I don't I'm sorry that
the electorate the people that are
voting that they're united on not
trusting the political parties right
right yeah and who and who of which
which candidates do you think speak to
that the best well I mean it's gonna be
the populist anti-establishment ones I
think right so so they're in sync with
the electorate well I think that
question is too broad like generally I
would agree with that
but like and it's so hard to tell how
people will react but like when I think
of how when I think of like the types of
attack ads that were made in the against
the ACA it was usually things like death
panels like rationing care you're gonna
lose your doctor and I mean like these
are rhetorical attacks that are you know
very effective that play into that
popular politics is a rigged game
narrative very well and I feel like you
get much all the same once with against
like a medicare-for-all there do you
think that the public option would be
attacked in the same exact way is in the
exact same exact language as what you're
saying as Medicare bro do you think that
the health insurance industry will adopt
will allow the health of public option
to happen without a bloody fight I think
that the attacks will be similar but I
don't think that people are gonna say
like they're going to make your private
option illegal and I don't think that'll
land the same if the other person
actually would you did you see that ad
that took place during the during the
democratic debate no I was streaming so
I had to mute when he let me see why it
would see if I could find this
[ __ ] had it at some point mhm it
won't take me too long to find but like
so I'll talk why I look so like
ultimately I think what we're talking
about is you're kind of your point to me
is binds more electable because he's
currently winning in the Democratic poll
primary poll and like well not obviously
that I mean but if you want we can we
can stipulate that by and is currently
winning and then in the end the
Democratic primary and that it might
indicate and by the way winning with
thirty three percent sure doesn't even
have if he had fifty five that would be
one thing but to have thirty three
well sure I mean it's a much it's a it's
a much wider field right now so it's a
lot different than it was when it was
just burning versus Hillary but like
when we dig into primary votes I'm
pretty sure in 2016
didn't New Hampshire swing pretty hard
for Bernie when it was Burt wasn't one
of Bernie's big wins
why is Biden leading there now oh god
I've seen so many different polls I've
seen like three different people winning
in that I don't know I think honestly we
you know if it binds win in New
Hampshire uh its bite it's probably a
point I although I don't know let me I
see it anywhere anywhere but depending
on the poll you go anywhere from three
to seven points but like even this being
closed I mean Bernie won this massively
if we're trying our game you're making
is that Biden aligns more with kind of
Hillary Clinton this sort of distrustful
neoliberal ask thing why would you have
so many X Bernie supporters I guess that
swung for Bernie on this primary now
going to buy it and if that was the case
if they were making these same types of
decisions all right
so like looking at I mean like we're
talking about buying at twenty-one and
Bernie at seventeen so like this is
margin of error stuff this is what we're
talking about that Bernie one sixty two
thirty eight in 2016 what I'm saying
what I'm saying is like when we get to
this point like a future sure like this
New Hampshire is up for grabs
Iowa's up for grabs we were highly
uncertain what's gonna happen in the in
those elections so like by projecting
ahead and saying Biden's up five
therefore he's gonna win New Hampshire
or Bernie doesn't have sixty percent
like you did well it cuts both ways
there's a lot of different candidates
everyone's like that decisions have
not been locked in now if bernie is
losing in New Hampshire when we get to
that primary he's not gonna win okay but
like right now all I'm saying is Bernie
Sanders in it is in a position that she
can win the Democratic nomination I
would give Biden the advantage but if
you put together say the candidates that
support Medicare for all various forms
so Warren Bernie and Harris together I
think their chance of winning is greater
than Biden's chance of winning so that's
another way of saying that is another
way of saying it but I don't know what
on that that the supporters of
medicare-for-all are actually the
favorites right now to win the
Democratic nomination which means that
the party is actually oriented more
towards the policies of Medicare for all
wait wait there's so much hold on I
would never associate like a person
support with just Medicare for all
people are voting for these candidates
for vastly different reasons I'm
Medicare fraud I don't make sure we make
sure that they're pegged on firstly
secondly I don't know if it's fair to
say that we can just go ahead and add up
Warren Warren Bernie and Kamala Harris
together and say like oh well look like
you can definitely tell that these
voters I'll go for each other especially
when it seems like a lot of the people
that came out and supported Kamala
Harris where we're eating into the
people that voted no I'm not saying that
they necessarily transfer from one one
to another in any like direct way I'm
just saying that if you have the odds of
who's gonna win the nomination mm-hmm
add them all together
I would rather bet on the field than Joe
Biden well that's a math question of
course if you go take I think if you
look at the voting odds right now I
think you get 25 it's like a 25% chance
I think that by the neck so what I'm
making is yes Joe Biden's leading
because of those Nostalgia reasons and
the electability argument those two are
very strong but overall his odds of
winning are not greater than anyone else
like he's he's not a odds on favorite
he's not like a crushing frontrunner
yeah I guess I guess I just hurts that
like in these places like Michigan or
New Hampshire these like shocking like
huge wins for Bernie that when you get
like he had a whole campaign cycle to
woo these people where it was only his
message he was like one of the only
people that had their ears
aside from Hillary and I guess O'Malley
or whatever for a little bit but like
Hillary it was like really his only main
competition he got them all on his side
and it's
like he lost that support like almost
instantly in this election cycle I don't
know how he goes back to getting it back
that just seems kind of weird to me
that's why I said like this I don't like
a pairing him to Obama cuz he came into
this race was so much recognition I
would have expected him if you would
have asked me like before people started
calling I would have said oh if Bernie
runs for the next election cycle he's
gonna start as a front-runner for sure
he had a whole election cycle last time
against Hillary who Ross like he's gonna
be Matt well who would be the
front-runner fine wasn't it do you think
um if Biden wasn't in I don't know if it
would be Warren or Kamala Harris I don't
know or Pete I'm not sure I don't know
if it would be Bernie or not I don't
know it would be it would be it would be
Bernie and I can say that with
confidence based on the second choices
like breweries already significantly
ahead
um Kamala Harris like she's at like five
nine percent and polls like she's ten
points out of Bernie and most buying
supporters seem to support Bernie like
they share a similar coalition yeah yeah
so yeah we'll probably be Bernie yeah it
would be like by any I think Bernie or
Warren would be the leader okay [ __ ]
yeah so like what you're saying is that
Joe Biden's personality is leading them
to have a small advantage in the
Democratic primary right now which means
that we don't need to deal with your
general election arguments why don't we
why don't we just stipulate them that
Biden it's an interesting argument that
Biden has the advantage right now but
let's turn to what happens if Biden wins
versus what happens if Bernie wins
because I think that's where and then we
could talk about this and see whether or
not you think it is is persuasive that
some progressive would have a better
chance against Trump than someone like
Joe Biden okay but I don't necessarily
think like if you look at like
favorability like if we look at the
favorability of the candidates like
Bernie Sanders is 72 percent favorable
and 18 percent unfavorable according
this morning consult fall and Joe
Biden's 74 percent favorable and 19
percent unfavorable which means they
have the same [ __ ] numbers basically
statistically I don't know if I like
using those numbers that way I'm a
favorability versus unfavorability it is
not I don't know if that's necessarily
makes a statement about who you're going
to vote for I'm like a lot of people can
be favorable or not have much on favor
release verso do you think that do you
think
that if someone's favorable of Bernie
Sanders but they don't have them as they
have him as their fourth choice he wins
the nomination they're not gonna vote
for him oh okay hold on I'm sorry you're
in general we're just talking general
okay okay so yeah in that case yeah my
favorability matters a lot
yeah I would say that that's good then
that he has high favorability for sure
yes so so like I'm not very concerned
about Bernie and by the way like if I
could make very strong arguments for
Warren that are even I think the numbers
for her show that she's like the
consensus candidate right now kind of
behind the scenes and like the nut and
there was some burly I'm just a Bernie
supporter because of my ideology and
policy positions but I and I love
Elizabeth Warren like and we can get
into that but there is I think she's
probably if I was bedding mm-hmm they
under the like you could get a good deal
to bet on her right now okay but what
that indicates to me is that my argument
about the about where the Democratic
Party is I think the Democratic Party
ideologically is with Bernie and Warren
like the voter base now they might not
be voting based on those policies right
but they think that those policies are
the right policies they might end up
voting for Biden because they're more
concerned about electability because
they hate Trump but if they had their
dream candidate I think this has been
polled I think if everybody said that
like you could wave a magic wand and you
could get the person's policies who
would you want I think Elizabeth Warren
won that okay um and if you look at it
by the way if you look at the debate mhm
uh post debate polls mm-hmm Elizabeth
Warren annihilated I think she got like
yeah her favorability was really massive
covered everybody else here yeah yeah
and I think I think it was like Warren
Buddha gig Bernie and then everybody
else had a pretty disastrous debate they
didn't really they didn't really matter
which it does track I don't think that
you know for me personally when I
watched a debate I thought that Bernie
and Warren did great and I thought
Warren had more quips that were slightly
better but I thought Bernie did did good
and I wasn't as impressed with good a
gig but it's fine that's just my
personal view it's not based in numbers
um so like okay what am I trying to say
so like look let's let's look at the
general election and why I'm concerned
about fern-like Biden
so like on the mayor
like what right now we have a perception
of electability versus like the what is
the day to say about what makes you an
appealing candidate to these voter
blocks that we talked about earlier okay
and so and we can and then this is we
can get back into this study and you can
you could push back on this or think it
makes sense to you I'm I really like
figure eight and by the way everybody if
you want to see my side of the debate go
to central underscore committee switch
calm twitch.tv whatever uh uh and you
can see mine and follow me if I ever at
least held my own come on
anyway uh view that politics is a rigged
game so like what you see here is those
Obama other and the Obama Trump voters
both view politics bores a rigged game
and the people who voted for the parties
like we does that that tracks with my
personal impressions cuz I've knocked
like ten thousand doors and in
Pennsylvania from 2016 and at 2014 so
I've talked to these people like so I
have my own personal like lived
experience and then I but I'm not gonna
appeal to that because you can't verify
that yeah I'm just saying media tracks
yeah and then look at this when I look
at this it feels like okay this makes
perfect sense and Bernie at least I
think and my perception is if you're one
of those people that think politics is a
rigged game you probably are open to
listen to the Bernie San and you like it
for sure 100% yeah then I look at
importance of Social Security slash
Medicare so like we both agree that
Social Security and Medicare are Social
Democratic positions socialist stupid
you know programs right like Social
Democratic program yeah for sure II very
redistributed very much like well it'll
last they wouldn't come out of the right
wing right I don't want to be like super
nitpicky but just because here earlier I
wouldn't say Social Security has
redistributed right it's literally a
pension that you pay into and then you
get back more or less based on how much
you paid into right so technically
that's true that it you do get more if
you pay more but you actually get more
out than you put it you get a return
sure yeah for sure
that's true yeah so you are so you are
getting redistributed and the way they
pay for that is they have current wage
earners pay attacks and that's what goes
to pay you
and we and they have a trust fund but
it's in its the US government holding a
US government debt hmm so like if you
give yourself an IOU that's not really
an asset so the real the real flow of
fund is from its funds is from current
workers to you know retirees sure so
that's a so in a sense you have somebody
giving money to someone else
so that's redistributed in the sense of
like a program okay if you disagree with
that I've been here I'll be happy to I
don't know how about when I think
redistributed I think that like you have
a like some sort of progressive tax
policy that is taking a greater share of
income from higher earning workers and
didn't giving it to lower that's kind of
what I think when I think of like guys
tribute social scared he sounds more
like a pension slash retirement plan to
me I understand that it's heavily for
any of my workers because the people
that are retiring are getting more than
they put in and we have more older
people and younger people because of the
baby boom and therefore it is almost
like a quasi kind of pyramid scheme
depending on how you look at it like
good or bad or whatever but like yeah
but but this is such an on point I think
but like yeah I agree what you're saying
actually okay the point I'm largely
trying to make is that it's a left-wing
program sure okay I get agree that right
well everybody supports it everybody
loves Social Security okay everybody
left-wing program and the Conservatives
hated it when it was being proposed and
they fought it tooth and nail sure how
they support it because the voters will
kill you if you try to get rid of it
because they're 65-plus sure I'm just
trying to be really clear because I
don't wanna say like civil I wouldn't
say like civil rights is a Republican
thing because Democrats in the 50s of
60s where the distribution saying okay
but I go ahead okay I'm sorry we lost in
the nitpicky okay go for I do think
though that if you looked at it from
annum from kind of a dispassionate
objective view program like Social
Security if it didn't exist we were
proposing it would be a left-wing
proposal would be would come from
Democrats
absolutely I think yeah for sure and it
did in history came back for sure men
you have attitudes on foreign trade and
here is here's the thing that's really
interesting to me are you aware of like
attitudes on trade and how they've
changed over the last like six years um
I'm not but my guess would be just
tracking what the general electorate is
like or I'm sorry just tracking out like
who's popular and what the speeches are
about I would guess that people are
becoming aunts
free trade and increasing numbers on
both sides that'd be my guess so
actually that's not the case what's
interesting is like Democrats used to be
the party of that was skeptical of free
trade agreements the voters okay and
Republican base voters were the people
who were largely in favor of free trade
okay I didn't love it but they were the
and it's kind of swapping under Trump
where there was emma-crats are favoring
free trade right yeah more than they did
in the past
okay Republicans are starting to oppose
straight because that's what Donald
Trump is out there saying right so
that's really interesting because like
Bernie Warren all have like anti-free
trade positions which is what I know
isn't that interesting and that's
because largely that was the position
they've held for a long time and that's
what they objectively think is the right
thing to do okay and there are reasons
for that and it like the trade
discussion till has to be its own
conversation we can't we can't do it
here it's too complicated maybe I almost
wonder if I'm just because I don't think
here's something that I would wonder if
Americans aren't actually pro trade or
free trade but rather their position on
trade is a proxy for other things so for
instance like if a Republican is anti
free trade
I wonder if that means they're really
anti-free trade or they just really hate
China and Mexico because Trump talks
about it so much and then same thing
with Democrats that like Oh free trade
sounds like ways to globalize in other
countries and immigration and it kind of
ties in to that I wonder if the
positions are actually related to trade
or if they're more just like proxies of
like other positions of people have I'm
not sure the answer is yeah yeah I mean
I have I have a story that I could make
up but I don't know if it's like
empirically uh-huh yeah supported but
the point the point I'm largely the
reason why I'm talking about this cohort
because mm-hmm we can argue that like
the thing that Bernie said that Trump
was able to outflank Hillary Clinton on
was on trade like he was the he was the
anti you know NAFTA guy he was the anti
TPP guy yeah and Hillary Clinton was the
person who helped negotiate TPP when she
was Secretary of State and then she kind
of pulled back and said no I don't
support the final version and meanwhile
Barack Obama was going around the
country saying we should do TPP in the
middle of the campaign kind of hurting
her sure and what ended up happening is
a lot of those Obama Trump voters they
are skeptical on trade and because which
tracks
because where are they located Michigan
yeah manufacturing and [ __ ] yeah and in
those Rust Belt states so if Joe Biden
were the nominee the same thing would
happen he would get outflanked on trade
again in those same states that our
electoral college powerhouses and that
Democrats must win and you know what may
be his personal likability would hold up
I just tend to think that when Donald
Trump's goes down in the dirty against
creepy Uncle Joe or whatever his
nickname will be and he goes and has
rallies and he talks to those you know
you know blue-collar workers in western
Pennsylvania and he said this is the guy
that was behind NAFTA this is the guy
who supported TPP I was going to resume
so I'm not sure on that actually and the
reason I don't know how much you trade
but holy [ __ ] if the markets lied to
much more because of our fighting with
China I don't know where American
sentiment on free trade will end up at
because my understanding right now is
that the the round of tariffs that we've
done on China and then the retaliation
is actually hurting a lot of different
sectors across the United States well I
don't just need to be clear I don't just
mean stock markets which I don't think
most Americans honestly give a [ __ ]
about but like actual jobs and
agriculture and [ __ ] is actually getting
hurt because of a lot of these like
counter terrorists they're transacting I
would say like chat you know if you hold
a large portfolio of securities please
go ahead and put put it put a 1 put a 1
in my chat if you're a high roller and I
will expect you to be like sending me
donations because I don't think it's
really relevant for most America like I
think most Americans hold some sort of
like mutual fund or some sort a pension
or now it's so small it's so small right
it's such a small number I think like
the average 401k balance was like $7,000
sure sure sure so I want to be clear I'm
not just attacking like stock portfolios
because like I said I don't think most
American psyche 81% of stocks are held
by like the top like 5% of people so I
mean it's some outrageously small amount
I don't think most people care when the
stock market dips other than they maybe
they say their 401ks or pensions get
hurt a little bit but I do think that
like jobs are being lost and actual
people are suffering ah and then look at
how many stories you've got of like
protectionist like Trump like remember
what was the there was the air
conditioner
I think there was four that laid off
like $10 yeah carrier yeah like all of
these stories of them you know they
moved to Mexico well I think carrier was
going to but I think they stayed but
they still fired everybody because they
ended up automating everything or if
that wasn't carried was another company
that did it like Trump really hasn't
saved any of these manufacturing jobs
yeah because he's in a party that's the
corporate party that doesn't give a [ __ ]
and mostly like they let him do
ineffective things that's messaging but
it's not a coherent industrial policy
like they have in Germany right it's
it's just like it's just random [ __ ] he
throws against the wall and he's an
incompetent and so he and he doesn't
have the people in his administration to
do a protectionist program that makes
any sense more have it if not
protectionist like an industrial policy
that makes sense sure and he's a tin cup
and so largely he's an incompetent fool
and so yeah I'm the only reason I bring
that up is I just I wonder if Americans
sentiment on trade is going to shift one
way or another based on the tariff wars
with China because it's gonna be really
easy for Trump to continue to pare it
the same China's killing us on trade
over and over again but it's gonna be
harder for that tool and I feel if like
everybody's starting to feel like an
economic pinch as a result of that like
I think if Bernie or Warren are the
nominee yeah and say Trump's like trade
policy goes sideways
they will not be hurt because you can't
hurt them if they have a position that's
similar to the person who [ __ ] up
right like why would why would someone
who's angry about Trump's trade policy
then vote for Trump it doesn't make any
sense whereas with Bert with Biden what
we know right now is those Obama Trump
voters mm-hmm those populist are
skeptical on trade and that's part of
the reason that they shifted from Obama
to Trump he is because during Obama's
campaign I don't know if you know this
but he was like anti-nafta during his
campaign did you know that I did but it
wouldn't surprise me but at the same
time there was a scandal during his
campaign this is one of the most
significant scandals where he had some
of his like campaign went up to Canada
and we're talking to the Canadian
ambassadors and they said don't worry
about Obama in NAFTA that's just
something he says to rile up the base
okay and that came out and so he it was
like a huge like Obama's talking out of
both sides of his mouth on trade and it
was like actually one of the
downtimes for obama in the campaign
because of that and so what i'm but what
I'm trying to say largely is that like
based on the data that we have and we
can only look at the data we have yeah I
see what I see what you're saying is a
possibility and I don't just exclude
that universe as a possibility I just
think that if you look at this you see
the Obama Trump voters are skeptical on
trade and Bernie and Warren are stronger
than Trump and their skepticism on trade
and trade agreements that we currently
have that would at least neutralize that
as a talking point for Donald Trump and
if anything they could go after him for
his incompetence like costing farmers
and and and failure to move protect
carrier and the manufacturing and you
know they could hammer him on exactly
those weak points where you pointed out
he's totally failed and not save
anything they could go after him on that
and there's a difference between and
this this you may think this is
propagandistic and I'm fine with that
because I care about winning yeah is
maybe it's not totally fair maybe Trump
couldn't have done anything but in a
campaign nobody's gonna give him the
benefit of the doubt oh that's always
true as a president you have the
responsibility you get the credit and
the fault for anything that happens in
the economy even though the reality is
you probably can exercise very little
influence on bread and if you look at
like and as we kill and we I'm planning
on going through all these I'm gonna go
fist faster through some of them than
others but like the next one is attitude
on gender roles this is why I think
Bernie is better than Warren in a
general election is I tend to think
those Obama Trump guys are probably
misogynistic sure I noticed that like
Kamala and Elizabeth Warren share a huge
like coalition of Women Voters in it
like right kind of wonder yeah for sure
yeah which is fair I mean I'm sure Obama
got a lot of black voters because he's
black I mean that's how elections work
and I'm sure Trump gets a lot of voters
that are white and don't like you know
yeah so yeah for sure yeah so I I think
that's I think that's the one advantage
that Bernie has is he's able to and you
know what like what I'm saying
fundamentally is there's a lot of pieces
of [ __ ] out there mm-hmm who have bad
opinions who might consider voting for
Bernie anyway and the thing about
politics is you can have all the bad
opinions you want it's your objective
actions that matter so there I'm sure
there were racists
and objectively according to this study
there were we're gonna get to it who
voted for Obama so they did a
anti-racist act even though they're
personally racist mhm because they made
a choice in the structure and vice versa
you can make a racist decision while
you're not racist and we all know that
like that's obvious
instead of like Bernie Sanders so like
all attitude on gender roles I think
this is what gives Bernie Sanders an
edge and a purely Machiavellian I'm not
saying it's right I'm just no yeah I'm
for sure yeah and then you know stuff
like you know pride in America you know
this is one of the things is is those
Obama Trump voters tend to be more you
know that poor working-class White's
they tend to listen more to the
patriotism argument right perception
that people like me are in decline right
like this is another thing like Hillary
famously said like America is already
great yeah she [ __ ] up real hard
because the general sentiment around the
world was this pushback against
globalism because certain populations
have been left behind completely and
when you're sitting there saying
everything is fine people like what the
[ __ ] not and where do you think people
have this opinion in America where do I
think we're like wait what are you
asking exactly where we're in America is
this disproportionately concentrated the
people that oh it's gonna be in the Rust
Belt in the places that swung for Bernie
versus Hillary in the in the primaries
for the last cycle Trump for Trump over
Hillary in the general for sure right so
like and Bernie is the one who's making
this argument about the middle class and
not getting wage increases and it's all
going to the top and although I would
say to be fair every candidate by it and
included is making these arguments much
stronger than Hillary was but he's the
most authentic voice of on it right the
millionaires and the billionaires people
make fun of him for it should it's it's
so he's so authentically him that no
one's gonna beat him on this argument
others are making it and I give you that
but he he is the anti millionaires and
billionaires die billionaires guy or
whatever not that he made a million he's
you know people are saying you can't say
anything millionaires and billionaires
pressure um
and then add a to tour back people this
is the thing that really tracks for me
right like these Obama Trump voters
we're kind of racist but they still
voted for Obama why do you think that
was well they were probably voting on
some axis that didn't have to do with
the racial animals mm-hmm I don't think
they suddenly gained a racial animus
after they voted for Obama
I think that doesn't make any sense to
me maybe you disagree well I mean I I
think I would have to agree clearly if
they if they're super ultra races and
they stop voting for Obama there must be
something else that causes them to vote
for him yeah of course right and the
same thing with immigration the Muslim
stuff like you know all that and the one
thing about Bernie and this is a point
I'm interested to hear your take on it
is what is Bernie known for as being a
squish you're like what does he get
attacked from on the left like somebody
like what would Kamala Harris say about
Bernie that you're not strong enough on
X issue I've heard that Bernie doesn't
spell out his foreign policy positions
is enough and enough and I've heard
people attack him that he's not as
strict as he should be on guns I think
those are the two that I usually carry
and there and there's one more yeah and
I'm not trying to do a pop quiz ya know
though for yeah I don't know what is the
other one think again the other one is
he used to say that open borders is a
Koch brother proposal he used to be
skeptical of like extreme so I can open
borders types of kosher okay which I
would expect cuz he's a protectionist
yeah yeah cuz he's for Enys from Vermont
right and so now he shifted on that but
he gets attacked for being a squish and
what do you think those populist voters
those blue-collar Obama Trump voters
what issues do they want to have a
squish on I'm sorry just when you say
squish you mean somebody that like
breaks from party lines or what do you
mean by that breaks from party lines but
or is it it is it like part it isn't a
core part of their message right like if
you think about voting for Bernie you
don't think oh that's the gun control
candidate alright yeah for sure
I mean I would imagine that most I would
imagine that these kind of like middle
moderate voters or whatever it would
generally lean a little like I would say
generally lean a little bit
anti-immigration if you're talking about
like manufacturing place or whatever
because we view it as more threats to
Definitely Maybe anti-immigration and
like if you've ever interacted and maybe
you have maybe you have it
have you ever interacted with a union
electrician in Philadelphia or carpenter
um I have a New York but yeah yeah yeah
do you know the type of guy I'm talking
about unfortunately but that my family
is half Cuban so or well that part of my
family's Cuban and they [ __ ] hate all
Mexicans and ever the other immigrants
know so I think it's different for
Cubans but holy [ __ ] but yeah I know but
so like but those guys tend to be left
on economics as far as I've heard like
they they have scabby the rat you know
they're pushing unions they're pushing
higher wages they want to have like
strict protections on like the worksite
they want to have vacations they want to
have stuff that is left-wing
economically but right-wing you know
they listen the Howard Stern and [ __ ]
okay and those are the type of guys who
traditionally voted Democrat but who
voted for Trump and I think those guys
and in my personal experience I've even
seen like retired steel workers with
cowboy hats wearing Bernie Sanders sure
these are these are like what you're
describing is like this is the Blue Dog
Democrat right no no what is the
difference here because when I saw this
is a term that I use it I hear Blue Dog
Democrat is like are these people that
aren't necessarily like ultra
conservative I'm sorry all right they're
not like ultra progressive on social
positions but they're like big like
Union guys big manufacturing guys like
big protectionist guys yeah yeah so okay
so there's there's this is more like
Connor Lam I don't know if you remember
who that was but he won a special
election in a trump plus 20 seat in
Pennsylvania uh-huh
and he was not right he wasn't right
well so Blue Dog is traditionally like
right-wing on economics they're like the
guys who vote against a minimum wage
increase oh okay and then so like so a
blue dog is kind of considered a
pro-business Democrat okay gotcha all
right so what I'm saying is these guys
are the inverse of they might be they
bike they might catch these guys on the
social stuff like the guns they might
vote against gun control
like for example Kirsten Gillibrand used
to be a blue dog and she would vote
against gun control and before she
really reinvented herself when she
became senator okay she went from being
a congressman in upstate New York and
she was a Blue Dog Democrat and when
Hillary Clinton became the Secretary of
State she B got she got appointed to be
senator for the state of New York and
she had this political transformation to
align herself more with the state of New
York as a whole as opposed to that
district she used to come from an
upstate New York right
okay so Blue Dog Democrats are gonna be
mainly like southern tier type
yeah yeah I tend to think of Blue Dog I
mean so this is like one of those things
where this is my analysis and some
people might disagree but like I tend to
think of Blue Dogs as like pro-business
and their squish on social issues so
they might be anti-abortion they might
be like anti gun control they might be
opposed to like the Affordable Care Act
do you know who Matt Cartwright is this
again not a quilt no nobody okay so in
Pennsylvania Joe Biden is from Scranton
okay and that is there's something
called a pivot County a pivot County is
a county that voted for Obama twice and
then flipped the Trump okay and Joe
Biden's hometown of Scranton is one of
those counties you know you know there's
two others in Pennsylvania we'll get to
those in a second uh-huh
and it's represented by Matt Cartwright
now Matt Cartwright is a member of the
progressive caucus and he primary to
Blue Dog Democrat who voted against the
ACA and he is a co-sponsor of the
medicare-for-all bill okay this is the
heart of Obama trumped territory and so
when Hillary Clinton was losing to
Donald Trump by nine points he was
beating his Republican opponent by ten
okay so even in the territory where I'm
talking about like we can field test
this there's another pivot County in
Pennsylvania in Northampton County it's
now represented by a Democrat for the
first time in 20 years by the name was
Susan wild Susan wild is also a
co-sponsor on the medicare-for-all bill
so two out of the three pivot counties
are now represented by Democrats right
who are members of the progressive
caucus and who support Medicare for all
now those are the supposed to be the
moderate swing voters yet they're our
own Congress people in Pennsylvania
support Medicare for all so when I hear
Medicare for all is dangerous for the
swing voters of Pennsylvania and I look
at this empirical data about how the
Obama Trump guys are left on economics
and I see the politicians that represent
those areas supporting Medicare for all
I just say what the [ __ ] are you talking
about and by the way the third pivot
county is Erie County and now I'm from
Pennsylvania and I work in Pennsylvania
politics so I have an acute encyclopedia
acknowledge here Erie County is
currently represented by a Republican
and he barely won his race in 2018 it's
probably going to be one of the top
targets for the Denver
the shirt so I have to kind of I'm
trusting everything you say because I
don't really know as much so I've got
like look good or I say so to sentiments
I'm kind of seeing a couple people
saying I don't know if you can speak to
these or that one these these districts
didn't actually go that far for Trump
and that too like some district
redrawing happened here that might have
swung these districts as well do you or
either these true or do you think that
people just okay now you'll two things
first of all redrawing did happen but
Matt Cartwright one prior to that and
after okay number one number two and his
district both pre and post voted for
Trump by a lot so people who saying it
was narrow or wrong now Elizabeth
Susan wilds district did end up the new
district did vote for Hillary Clinton by
one point uh-huh in 2016 the old
district voted for Trump I think seven
but she what the old Republican retired
in 2017 and so there was a special
election so in 28 I'm sorry at the end
of he retired in 2018 so in 2018 Susan
Wilde ran both in the new district that
was redrawn and the old district that
was gerrymandered and she won in both
okay so that's that's the way it is and
by the way I mentioned pivot counties
not pivot congressional districts right
so this is their districts include more
than these pivot counties but the pivot
counties are where those Obama Obama
Trump voters are so these so if you are
a representative in those counties and
you're you're asking yourself what
policy should I support to increase my
likelihood of winning my district and
you are on the front lines of where the
Republicans are gonna go after you you
would not co-sponsor Medicare for all
unless it was very popular in your
district for sure
and the key thing to remember here is
Pennsylvania went for Trump by like
30,000 or 41,000 votes I can't remember
exactly okay I thought my head ass
looking up but it was very close and so
these areas if they're telling you
they're representative state
medicare-for-all is a good idea the data
we show so is that these swing voters
are left-of-center economically the idea
that Bernie's too extreme uh you know on
the two economically left is not really
supported to me well maybe I we real
quick whoa
as a huge jump it seems to bet and
you're obviously more versed in this
than I am but it would seem to me that
like like I don't know which if he would
say call it district politics but like
local politics
arf arf arf arf arf are different than
like a broader like general election or
even like a primary landscape that the
reasons are the policy positions of
somebody might run on in like particular
districts that there is so much more
going on at a local level that we can't
just I don't think you could just paint
like a broad brush and go like oh well
look like you know a medicare-for-all
was popular and worked in these two
districts so all moderate districts
should be okay with that I think it's a
lot more nuanced than that at the local
level right oh of course of course I
think I think what I was trying to
demonstrate was particularly here in
Pennsylvania for sure okay yeah because
like my understanding in terms of like
and there's oh my god is so complicated
but like when I tried it when I was
rying to look into like I'm like who was
flipping what in terms of like which
districts were going like more popular
why did we have like our go to Quantico
Blue Wave in 2018 that it seemed to be
more moderate Dems flipping purple
districts than it was any extreme left
so like if we look at like for like
people that were supportive of the job
that like these people didn't flip a
single district at all and it was
generally more like the moderate Dems
that are being hurt more by that is a
talking point okay now that you brought
me on to debunk it yeah for sure so it
so it's two things it's kind of like all
right so you may you might have a
disagree with me here but this is this
is my opinion and experience yeah go for
it there were districts that the
progressive candidates won in the
primary and then the d-triple-c said
they're too far left and they pulled out
and those people ended up losing by like
1% I'm thinking off the top of my head
Kerry Eastman and Scott Wallace people
feel free to Google those those were two
people that were considered to be too
far left for their kit for their swing
district and at the end of the day
people were like oh we probably should
have gone in harder on them because they
ended up getting very close and then
there are actual progressives who won
I've already mentioned Susan wild I
already mentioned that Cartwright who is
incumbent but he held is see there's
also I'm Katie Porter out in Orange
County she won a she's not nominate and
she wasn't endorsed by justice Dems
and I'm a progressive I'm not just
justice Dems I'm talking about the
recive change campaign committee sure
talking about moveon.org and to be clear
the Progressive Caucus in in the in the
in the house is far more moderate or it
seems to me than like the Justice Dems
who pushed quite a bit further to the
level yeah okay yeah but so like weird
and I would say like for Bernie Sanders
in particular in all of his if there's
two things there's like the flavor of
his rhetoric right and the long term
horizon and then there's the actual
things he's proposing and most of the
things he's proposing are pretty solidly
Social Democratic and not like crazy
socialist yeah like it's kind of like he
kind of puts on a air of socialism but
he rules like a social democrat
you know what I mean like all those
things that he's proposing are not like
Looney tune yeah we're not like dica
modifying housing or drive a shotgun and
and you know there are arguments we
could talk about housing and different
models of how we could deal with it in
the future and you can bring Dan in here
to scream because I thought it would be
funny but he's actually not proposing
like all these radical things there's a
few things out there that are pushing
the boundary like his medicare-for-all
plan would actually be the most
left-wing single-payer plan in the world
in the sense that it covers more things
than anyone else so it'd be more
comprehensive than every other single
player plan yeah and you know that is
pushing the horizons a little bit but I
don't think that like deciding to cover
dental whereas you know Canada doesn't
is not like it's not an insane thing to
do you know what I mean you talk about
degrees here yeah I mean I don't think I
don't think that covering dental vision
is insane
banning private insurances that's a
pretty big step on top of that though if
you're gonna cover it right but oh and
by the way like I'm not I'm not saying
that democratic socialists are lunatics
if I said that I have no idea what I
meant I said that sure you guys are fine
I'm just saying that if you look at
Bernie like he has that flavor and then
if you look at the substance it's not
that it's not like we're gonna make sure
that companies get taken over by there
and put we're not gonna seize the means
of production there he's not proposing a
ton of nationalizations of stuff like
he's not saying America's the number one
oil producer therefore we should take
all the oil wells yeah yeah no no no
enough
nothing it's one of the reasons why it's
confusing when people call Bernie
socialist and the Bernie calls myself as
socialism and he's not really a
socialist but yeah yeah I know what you
mean I mean so like the reason is like D
are you kind uh familiar with the
concept of convergent convergent growth
I can guess what it means but I don't if
it something particular no what do you
mean you know I can China how they have
like 6% growth every year okay the
reason they're able to do that is
because they are less developed than
than the United States and the Western
world oh sure but you probably are
maybe theoretically you're
asymptotically approaching some level of
growth that right a hard core yeah right
and when they get close to the fully
developed economies as we would call
them like the OCD would probably they
wouldn't be 6% per year everything
anymore maybe like two to one or
something depending on yeah and so it's
very easy to get that growth when you're
starting from a relatively undeveloped
yeah when you're developing countries
job right but once you catch up you you
are out of the phase of converging
growth now in the United States we have
the same thing with our public provision
of services all of these things that
Bernie's talking about in countries
around the world are already policy free
college universal pre-k you know sickly
paid sick leave and return all leave
you know $15 minimum wages exist out
there in the world like there is there
is almost nothing he's proposing that is
not tried and tested so like when people
say he's too far left they're really
making a judgement about the opinions of
American electorate voters not his
actual policies like I whether the
usable or yeah but I mean like that's
what we would expect people to do right
of course we talked about like are you
left or right it's gonna be in the
context of American politics we're not
gonna judge you based on where you would
be in Scandinavia because that's not
what the American electorate is I'm sure
sure sure but what we ask people like do
you support paid sick leave and
maternally overwhelming support yes
support a wealth tax overwhelming
support do you support you know
universal health care Medicare for all
and and you have different flavors of
that people are like yeah we want to
have universal health care hey look you
might you have to be careful because
like when you pull the question like
this like depending on how you present
the question I mean of course
like all of these can boil down to not
to be reductive but like do you support
free [ __ ] and like people always say yes
to that but like when you start to ask
like even a slightly more nuanced
version of this one of the biggest
shockers to me was um the polling data
on climate change I think it was like do
you support like doing something about
climate change or should the u.s. do
something about climate change I was
like I think like 88% of people but 90%
of people said yes and then the next
question was like if you had to
contribute one dollar a month or
something or one dollar a week to combat
it that support drops to like like 50%
it's like insane
and for a lot of these things you know
what that tells me like what the truth
is like half of people don't even have
enough money for $400 expence a you're
aware of that statistic right so even
one dollar - like a large portion of
people believe it or not kind of seems
like a burden and you're right like yeah
but like what you saying is supporting
my argument right this was like a lot of
people W this is a loaded question but
when Jake Tapper asks like you know are
you gonna have to raise class on the
middle class or raise tax on middle
class pay for health care any answer of
a yes to that is gonna be really [ __ ]
scary for a middle class voter that like
you described earlier has that decision
paralysis over giving up a little bit in
the hopes that they'll get a lot for it
in the end but there's there's a counter
to that because you ask it's gonna have
to raise your taxes that's true mm-hmm
it will raise your taxes but you have
another mandatory payment that you
already have because we have to get
health insurance right or we do gamble
it don't take it you take it pay the
penalty but in other words and that
trump reduce to zero that's a whole
other discussion but the point is like
you have you have to pay premiums you
have to pay your deductibles you have to
pay your co-pays right or you could pay
taxes and then it's a math question will
your taxes exceed your premiums co-pays
deductibles and healthcare costs or will
you win and so the thing is for Bernie
Sanders plan 90% of people will see an
increase in their take-home pay and
they'll have better benefits now there
will be some losers some people at the
higher end some people with really good
health care plans we might get a
slightly worse benefit although not very
many people but on net like it's not
going to result in this like sticker
shock that people are talking about
where people have to take out their
checkbook and write a big check because
we're substituting one mandatory payment
for another and so the implementation
be the implementation will like wow I
don't ever have to worry about
healthcare costs again and then my taxes
did go up but what's my bottom line on
my paycheck and the question is and I
says what I believe voters care about is
the bottom line in my paycheck gonna go
down that's what they're scared of now
Republicans use that rhetorical thing
and you're absolutely right they're
trying to trick people and they're
saying your taxes are gonna go up and
that's technically true but the real
question is the relevant question is are
your is your take home pay gonna go up
and down your disposable income gonna go
up and down and is your benefits are
they gonna be worse or better yeah and I
like I mean obviously from a number of
unity' a correct
well of course obviously yeah well well
I mean yeah of course because this is
obviously true but rhetorically it's
difficult because the average vote is I
mean obviously this is my taken right I
think the average voter is working idiot
right so it's really hard like for
instance like and I'm very loaded with
my own anecdotal experience like I knew
a lot of people that where I worked at
who were scared of getting a raise
because I thought it would bum home for
the next tax bracket and they thought
all of their income would be subject to
that tax or people that contributed the
maximum amount to like their 401k like
20 percent even though they weren't
getting company match because they said
that like oh well money that is taken
from you before you get into your
paycheck doesn't matter it doesn't even
exist like these people have like really
crazy concepts hopefully yeah like in
terms of like what a bottom line means
because like they don't work because
people you know now you're absolutely
true that people are terrible with money
so like when you hear something where
it's like it just sucks to give like
that answer where something well you're
gonna raise taxes on the middle class
like the best names it's like no but if
you're like well yeah tax are gonna go
up however the money that you spend more
on taxes is gonna be more than made up
for the amount of money you're going to
save on health care after we take away
your private plan Steve I could I could
probably be a little bit more pithy and
I would just say your paycheck will go
up and you'll have better benefits sure
and I'm hoping that like that type of
rhetoric attacks at work now I I can't
prove it to you cuz you know I'm not God
I may sound like it on a chat but I'm
not I can't predict everything in the
future for sure I can just say that I
think that from a point of view of like
is this the right policy it's the right
policy
according to my the way I evaluate the
evidence sure I mean it's better than
what we have now almost anything barb
far better than what we have now what we
have now is the worst system in the
world pressure in all countries and then
to the other thing is what are the
distributive effects for being like will
it cause working-class people
middle-class people to have a better
both benefits and and disposable income
mix before the policy or after and then
we just have to try to persuade and you
know what I can't guarantee you that
it's gonna work but you also can't
guarantee me that going for a public
option is gonna work either like we can
only go by what we think you know I
believe that the policy is a stronger
more pithy easier to explain policy that
gives people better benefits and maybe
they won't like that they'll be risk
averse or maybe by going trying to
moderate and move closer to the center
you lose those people that are left-wing
you lose the people that are left-wing
on policy but right but so you don't
appeal to those guys right you don't
offer them anything materially strong
enough for them to appeal to them and so
you and you don't turn out any new
voters because you're not offering
something that is like interesting
enough to make people want to show up
that didn't in the past sure and so like
all those things all those reasons is
why like Bernie Sanders is to be more
electable and when I'm on I'm on figure
8 if you're still looking at the stupid
study I think this you know this study
to me tells you at least it gives me a
strong empirical view that's a some
empirical II supported view I'm not
saying it's God and or it's the future
that Bernie Sanders would actually be a
strong candidate and that worries about
his general election electability are
either in bad faith formas or or or miss
fountain and and you know so ultimately
if that's true if both Bernie and war
and Biden are probably electable and
depending upon what universe we live in
in the future which we can't know mm-hmm
[ __ ] worrying about electability let's
get on who's got the best policies and
let's vote with our head and think about
what we care about what we believe is
right as opposed to trying to be our own
amateur pundit and predict what some
other guy's gonna do like [ __ ] that [ __ ]
pick what you think is the right thing
to do pick what you think the best
arguments are and worry about convincing
other
people with rationality now I you're
right that people get they make bad
decisions oh yeah of course I mean like
what you're saying should be a general
strategy for a primary regardless right
like regardless of right over you should
always people which is why Bertie's the
poor and all of us who agree with
Bernie's the majority of Birdy's
policies and maybe we have a quibble
here maybe we think bernie banning all
private insurance might be a TRO too far
huh
i tend to think that if Bernie gets
elected this this you know he has the
majority of the caucus supporting the
Medicare the jayapal do in the house
right huh I think it's a hundred and
seventeen it might have gone up from
there
so there is I there is and two of uber
in those swing districts we talked about
earlier here in Pennsylvania yeah
although overwhelmingly the people that
are supporting it or not in swing
districts but yeah but I am familiar
with that well the one thing I would say
about that like the whole idea of we got
that we got we can't be too radical
because the guys in the front lines like
only about 7 of 27 blue dogs or in
districts that are considered to be toss
up by the cook report and you could
probably say at most if you're being the
most generous half of them are in
districts that are purple right for sure
I don't think so when it comes like the
Medicare when it comes to the medical
thing all I'm trying to say like one
more sense is half of the blue dog
demonstrates so primary every single one
of them right we agree with that the
ones in the safe seats and we can leave
the ones in the innate and the
questionable sure to be clear when I'm
talking about moderate districts I'm the
the policies are worried about usually
in Medicare for all because like I said
I don't I don't think that um I don't
know if like Americans are as hotly
divided on issues like this usually when
I'm talking about things like this it
comes down to more things like like
impeachment proceedings in the house
against Trump like that that's usually
the stuff that scares me more in the
more moderate seats although obviously
that's a go a whole other thing not
necessarily related to this but yeah I
don't know if I would expect like like
the health care plans to necessarily be
I don't know how I I've got a lot of
stamina hmm so if you were to keep going
we can let me know and we could talk
about other things in the future and
hopefully I can start bringing you back
and and the one a piece of advice I
would have if you would let me give it
to you yeah go for it which is try not
to associate Bernie Sanders
policy people like me who work for the
campaign currently which I don't I don't
work for them now with the fans yeah I
generally try not to like some people
seem to think like when I attack like
progresses on Twitter that all of a
sudden like I've had a lot of people say
like oh like I'm being conservative or
I've gone like back to the right or I'm
like David Rubin or like Tim Poole like
supporting centrist whatever I'm not
really like my policy positions are more
or less the same as it were like I'm for
some form of like I'm very big like very
single not single pair I'm very big for
a public option probably multiplayer
system stuff like that I guess the only
thing we should do we should do a
discussion on that by the way yeah we
can't share yeah we definitely can
sometime I I just like the only thing
that bothers me is I don't want people
to be delusional about where we are in
the polling or whatever because if
somebody like Bernie or somebody else is
going to make it through like if
everybody thinks that they're at number
one it would just be really sad to have
like another like 2016 cycle happen
again because people just have no idea
like where the electorate is or what
people are generally Binger yeah and I'm
starting to see like a lot of the same
types of rhetoric being supported by
Bernie supporters that were supported by
like Trump supporters where people for
instance are linking like oh well look
at this broad map of where with all
these rural Bernie donors and it's like
this looks like them out that could be
used to show that Trump had so much more
support than Hillary on the electorate
map because I with you on that I will
say like Bernie has more donors from a
count like I'm sure he does effective of
like popular vote
whereas with Trump in those maps you're
talking about empty land a lot of them
read of the map literally is federal
land and no one lives there sure like
when you're posting those maps of Bernie
doing this geographically your only goal
is to mislead with that right because
like bro because if you look at those
maps it looks like Bernie has like 20
times more supporters than like any
other like sure but but but but like if
somebody were to show you that map at a
glance like oh well look at Bernie huh
he's like 90 percent of the u.s. is like
donate it was like okay well we why is
Biden winning in the polls by double
digits like that seems really weird like
you know that's just there's a
difference between having a group of
passionate supporters versus having
people that are willing to just you know
say I support that guy in a poll so like
we both agree that Bernie has the most
passionate supporters right that seems
to be true yeah
yeah and so and that that does confer an
advantage would you agree with that I
mean in terms of conversion to like
donations or getting people to actually
go on the field and work for you yeah I
would imagine it should yeah right so so
we have so we have the advantage of like
the most passionate supporters like they
land the largest passionate supporter so
they are both the most intense and they
are the largest group of like hardcore
supporters and then you you're right to
point out that bind currently is leading
in the number of people that are willing
to say that he's their first choice
which is by the way in voting in case
you guys are wondering if I go in there
and I vote really hard for Bernie it
doesn't count more than if you go in
there and grudgingly vote for Biden
so the because the only thing that
matters when you vote is whether or not
you did it yeah all other things are
just in your own head and we do kind of
have this this solipsistic obsession
with what we care about and not so much
like with what the consensus is and what
you should be working on if you really
really really care about Bernie you
should be trying to convince other
people and you should be trying to be
persuasive when you talk to them don't
be an [ __ ] because you're not you're
actually hurting Bernie sure you know
like when I see like another common leg
people another X Trump talking point I'm
starting to see I've thought today like
people with tweeting about like how how
Joe Biden is like having strokes and
he's like having stuttering spells and
maybe I want to say one thing that might
piss you off but it is funny okay memes
in the chat Joe Biden has had two brain
aneurysms already and they were all
surgically repaired he also had a
pulmonary embolism so those are whereas
the Hillary that sounds like a survivor
to me but go yeah here's the survivor
whereas the Hillary Clinton stuff was
totally unfounded and everybody who said
she had Parkinson's disease I mean she
collapsed outside during a period and
there was she fainted and there was a
there was a medical reason she had she
had pneumonia and that I mean like
there's no reason to think there was a
big conspiracy there okay sure Bernie is
a Bernie almost like 80 years old though
like with the actuary tables he's coming
up on like the death's door right but
he's a wealthy Jew for those people go
off the other end he's got another 20
years and I'm proud for sure no no but
no we're being a little bit edgy here
let me just say like
I think that's ridiculous I mean like
listen Joe Biden of 2019 is not that Joe
buy in the 2008 that's for sure yeah I
do I do think it's valid to look at
someone's health and I think it's valid
to look at Bernie self and his age it is
but the evident like Bernie seems to be
a very good help like for him for his
yeah there was a clip of him four years
ago like running to catch like the
subway or some [ __ ] or whatever you know
he's active and you know and and listen
if he has some medical thing then you
know that will be a concern and and you
know and I don't think by the way I
don't think you're convincing anybody if
you're a Bernie supporter I don't think
you're convincing anybody when you go
out there and talk about Joe Biden is
having a stroke I think you actually
alienate yeah I agree yeah so if you're
a Bernie supporter don't do that [ __ ]
talk about how there's gonna be no
[ __ ] co-pays you're never gonna
have to worry about medical billing
again you feel sick you'll be able to
call your GP and go how many of us like
I know it happens to me where I don't go
to the doctor even though I have a
hundred fever 102 and I'm [ __ ] my
brains out because I don't want to pay
for it I don't want to pay the
deductible that will go away that's
stress I'll stop after worrying about
the medical payment of medicine and
start worrying about getting better do
you know how much better society would
be if we eliminated all the concerns
about medical financing objectively from
a hedonic level yeah of course yeah for
sure of course
literally any system we have right now
would be better than the American system
well any system would be better but the
Medicare for all no payment at the point
of service system would be the best as
far as hedonic lis from getting like the
stress away from worrying about
financing right agree well I mean I
wouldn't agree with like no co-pays or
anything like that but yeah I mean for
the most part I agree if we probably
Bradley we probably broadly agree on
like you some form of universal health
care has to happen in the US is there
insane that it hasn't yeah like like in
Norway for example they have co-pays but
the the annual limit for all
out-of-pocket expenses I think it's like
$400 yeah yeah yeah and they provide 97%
of the treatment in Norway is covered by
like government-run hospitals yeah so
Democrats are against like if they think
health care is gonna be bad than that
even that could be a pro point because
death panels will kill all the old
voters that vote conservative anyway so
so I mean
like he's like it is a double pound
there you go what uh I'm just curious
what do you normally do like around like
the around like the debates are you like
on the Michael Brooke show or what so
like I don't know like I been part of
like Sam's community I worked on the
show for a short time before I left to
do you know campaigns and yeah I've just
I just decided to start a twitch stream
because I was like you know there's not
enough lefties on here that have a
policy empirical basis like a lot of
people make a really good moral
arguments sure like like this is the one
thing about the left is a lot of people
are comfortable with like like we're
Treader ik like nobody should work 40
hours a week and live in poverty yeah
and I agree with that sentiment and it's
a good sentiment but on the other hand
if society only produces so much stuff
there's only you know so much ways we
can distribute it yeah that's exactly
this is exactly the position that I'm
stuck in right where like people will
talk about like oh you know people can't
afford a like a living wage and it's
like okay well economics doesn't deliver
that but like we should do this but not
even necessarily for moral reasons but
like because this actually would be
better for the country on like an
empirical basis like we don't actually
need moral reasons to tell us why our
people shouldn't be dying in the [ __ ]
streets because they're either homeless
I can't afford health care like there
are empirical economic reasons to
support this will just been like my
prescription and that's and that's where
I'm at and I think that was that's the
weakness of left tube right now is those
empirical nerd arguments which is I'm
sure that's gonna get me a lot of
followers and people who support me for
the nerd [ __ ] arguments and there's
and I it frustrates me because so I saw
that I saw that there was a need and I
was like you know I saw you starting to
slip into the neoliberal hellhole
because we're oh I'm a hardcore
neoliberal my dude even though you're
not you actually aren't you just didn't
honest to god there is like let me ask
you do you support private prisons it
would cut it would come right now no but
it's not ideologically that I'm opposed
to them it's just that right now like
the incentive structure and everything
is so absolutely [ __ ] insanely stupid
that private prisons are god-awful in
the you [ __ ] United State
I mean like you could deliver like
private prisons that didn't incentivize
like people to pay off mayor's to make
laws to [ __ ] lock potentially yeah
with the court structure you have Fisher
create they create rent seekers working
in an area of of the economy that is
best provisioned in a non commodified
way you do is you create when you have
private prisons you create companies
like geo group and they have an
incentive to fill the prisons to fill
the prisons and so unless you created a
private prison law that worked in the
way of disincentivizing prisoners in
other words you're paying somebody to
make you're paying somebody might create
a building and then keep it empty
yeah yeah create we already do that
we do it with farms people right we have
people plant plant crops or sometimes we
pay them not to plant them I mean anyway
I mean but I mean like I'll take issue
with this I'm saying is like do but like
commodifying prisons liberal policy I ok
so here's like my big problem between
sock dem and neoliberal and and and I've
and I've explained this a lot it feels
like there's a lot of overlap between
the right most parts of a sock dem and
the left most parts of a neoliberal
because I've seen people describe not
liberal as being but go on yeah I know
you're saying no but like I like it so
friends if we were to go visit like the
neoliberal subreddit erever or if we
would just be a liberal then like the
sock Dems end and then liberals begin
and then okay but like so like here's
the thing like I've heard I've heard
Neil liberals I like give these give
these takes where it's anything from a
neoliberal it's like the free market
should destroy health care all the way
to the free market can't provide health
care and we should have a single-payer
system without even like private
insurance like I've seen like these two
policy positions well presented so this
is a definitional question so I'm glad
that we're sure yeah yeah neoliberal
refers to a certain movement that was in
response to Keynesianism
sure in a sense of you wanted to return
more and more parts of the economy to
the private sector yeah and the belief
in the efficient market hypothesis sure
and of
heard this and we can go PI and kind of
like the historical like the foundations
of like new liberalism to define this
but I mean Pelerin society etc but I bet
I mean like one people don't know yes I
have no idea but I know that like okay
sure we can but it but it doesn't it's
not really relevant right because like
nobody goes ro because I'm trying to
help you label yourself criminal I
understand I understand but what I'm
saying is not relevant because nobody
goes to the foundation of any sort of
party to figure out like what the
current modern-day beliefs are like if I
were to ask you like is a Democrat pro
or against like civil rights today you
wouldn't go back to Democrats that were
anti civil rights in the 50s ago well
actually because this is a Republican
argument well the Democrats were the
real slave owners right this isn't
typically how we define these labels
today right we usually go by like what
and so like when people are telling me
like oh like people like Joe Biden is a
neoliberal and these people support some
form of like universal health insurance
like okay well I don't know what you
mean you liberal that's the only reason
why I don't know like if I would say
like I'm a stock Tamara Neal abou
because some of the ways that people
describe neo liberals or some of the
ways that like the neoliberal people
describe themselves is like pretty far
left on a lot of economic issues like
being against like rent-seeking behavior
for instance which is what private
prisons often do with the extra profits
that they make right as rents to keep
behavior to further lock up more people
whatever so yeah I saw you I'm just not
sure it comes down to like a definition
of the label more so than a disagreement
on policy positions I think you know but
but what I'm saying is when you say your
neoliberal it tends to mean that you
want to move away from public provision
of services it's sort of like if for
example what would you feel about a
municipal ISP so like say a city could
run their own ISP they could run 100
percent baby and then ISPs should just
read the last mile yeah so neoliberalism
would be to privatize that and grant it
to a utility I don't oh well okay I mean
I'll take thanked yeah this is why I
don't use potable labels anymore because
like the thing is is like I understand
what you're saying Mike okay I guess I'm
not a neoliberal
well I'll say that but I'm to be fair I
don't even label myself in your liberal
this is why this is the joke where I say
like I'm an omni liberal because I just
made up a new prefix because like every
time I say like oh well like these are
my political positions everybody from
like the neoliberal subreddit and the
guy that runs in the liberal podcast and
all these feel like all like these are
totally neoliberal positions these I
mean they can get me it's not going to
change my policy positions I'm just not
sure what people know they're trying to
use
as a propaganda for their dying ideology
okay but like another thing that happens
in here with [ __ ] sure but another
thing that happens is people seem to
like Alan Greenspan Alan Greenspan is
not ancient history that's neoliberalism
sure but people people will try to say
and I've had people throw neoliberal at
me as like a pejorative because
everybody to the right of like so like
oh here people say like Oh Pelosi she's
right-wing clinton by it and their
right-wing and they're all neo liberals
and like neoliberal saying anything
that's like not a socialist I'm like
what the [ __ ] so yeah it's all like
really [ __ ] confusing in terms of
like how people understand these labels
okay I don't know what dumb dumb to say
people say that are wrong
well oh no I understand push back on me
on anything and we have and frankly like
ask your chat after this if you feel
like you're much more persuaded about
what I said today then you were coming
in is that true do you agree with that
statement I think so but I don't think
we started off like okay yeah different
right because like and you even said it
yourself right well no no because like
you have said yourself like the
beginning isn't like my problem are the
people my problems are with the people
that are entirely out of touch with
reality in terms of how they promote
things and it seems like you generally
agree that like for instance attacking
Joe Biden because you say he's having
seizures is probably not a very
politically effective strategy but this
is all ironically with a lot of why you
think I get so [ __ ] mad on Twitter I
don't get mad on Twitter because people
tweet me and they go well actually
destiny I think there's a lot of
marriages to single-payer I get mad
because people treat me to go oh you
support a public option you're literally
[ __ ] fascist it's like what the [ __ ]
like and that seems to be like a lot of
the Bernie bros on Twitter today are
like these insane [ __ ] like if you're
to the right of socialism you're
literally like a [ __ ] right-wing chill
and it's like it's insane to me because
if I were to talk to 90% of Americans I
would be extreme I would be left-wing in
most European countries but for somehow
somehow I've gotten branded it's like an
extreme right person neoliberal show
online it's like that's generally where
like where my problems are yes okay like
I think all right one of the things that
I was known for like in majority report
with sam cedar if you talk to him again
is I talked to Sam like why would I like
got the attention of the show and I
started to become part of it was I
talked to them about my experience in
2016 with the Hillary Clinton
program in Pennsylvania and how she
really [ __ ] up and she didn't persuade
people and she didn't do the work that
you need to do to like run a good
campaign on the ground yeah
and one of the things I ran into is I am
a hardcore sock dem dem socialist I'm on
that border
you know I'm dem socialist curious like
I want to experiment but I don't but I
also want to get all the good
well-founded Social Democratic stuff
that they do in the short country I
heard like I don't know you well enough
but I hope that what you're telling me
is true because I'm getting I am also
running into this thing because I get a
lot of people said like all USS on
Tigers in Temple did say like oh yeah
like I'm mainly a sock down blah blah
blah but then when you look at their
rhetoric when you look at their fan base
you look then they say they're like the
most anti liberal people know we're like
they're borderline tanki's and it's like
wait what the [ __ ] I thought you were
sucked him so I hope that like you're
actually like it like it like that like
okay yeah because like a lot of people
say this like oh yeah like I'm probably
gonna suck - maybe Democratic Socialist
and then like I go and I click on my
stuff and they've got like a [ __ ]
USSR flag and they're like we've got a
liberal and the fascist bleeds I was
like what the [ __ ] like wait what is
this [ __ ] like okay well first of all
like I do think and now the hot cakes
are coming okay get ready get ready to
follow my stream tanking okay oh boy
here we go
most liberals actually are fascists okay
go ahead let's hear it what do you got
the Soviet Union as a what was
progressive in some ways and horribly
reactionary and imperialists in other
ways and like like the United States so
this sounds like every society every oh
go ahead but we should have a
sophisticated and nuanced view of a lot
of the things that happened in the
Soviet Union and keep in mind that the
Soviet Union was being run was under
attack and isolated from the rest of the
world because of its positions so they
were forced into you know maybe you say
forced maybe you say it's inevitable I
tend to think it's forced because I look
at Sweden and they got pretty far left
and then mind their plan and a lot of
the stuff they do today
and they didn't fall into this
authoritarianism I think it was and also
Russia was a backward country when when
the when the restaurant wasn't happened
so like okay what I'm trying to say is
be smarter read history you know like
and so when people do that like I kind
of see it as a reaction to our dum-dum
culture where we just kind of flatten
all nuance all history all learning
right about the world yeah which is
really stupid because then it hampers
our ability to understand why people did
the things they did in the past how to
avoid another future right yeah right
exactly and you can look and the Soviet
Union had a lot of successes like that's
just the facts okay and and like for
example they bore the brunt of the
European theater of world war two they
probably did 70 to 80 to 90% of the real
fighting was done by the Soviet Union so
we have them to thank for the
destruction of fascism in Europe and the
United States on to their own benefit
that a lot of the fighting in the
Pacific but then they decided a new
guinness of people sure to be fair the
soviet union killed so many nazis not
because they were like invading like
germany but because germany was trying
to launch a bunch of eventually asobi
union right like that's what most of the
german that's happened was we're on
soviet battlefields yeah sure okay all
right but then they carried it home I
mean they're the ones who took Berlin
and and that was the hardest fighting
like you know like and and so no you're
absolutely right but the point the point
all the point I'm trying to make here is
like why are people so scared of you got
to honestly look at what went wrong in
the Soviet Union so you can learn I know
everything about it I watched the four
part chernobyl documentary that fight
there so I got it
by the way Chernobyl could happen here
like that the same [ __ ] could happen
here and if anything you could argue
that like the Soviet Union acted like
incredibly fast it did like they got
like all the liquid nitrogen in the
entire Soviet Union can we get all the
liquid nitrogen in America to solve a
problem maybe not you know what I'm
saying okay I don't know but okay I see
a big spike show like you could say that
Chernobyl was caused by the Soviet Union
but you could also say that the reaction
that saved millions might have also been
the result of it the Soviet Union so
like you could you could argue both ways
like that's that's the point and like
ultimately like the reason why we're
even bringing this up is you know
left-wing politics in America has been
dead for a long time
I remember in 2014 when I was a
progressive and there was like nobody
okay so that's why I'm so like you know
in my opinion well
red and I because I've been a
progressive before burning I met Bernie
in 2015 before he was a thing you know
and like I I get it I'm saying I'm in
the original Bernie bro that's why I got
all the answers and so I've seen
something happen and because the left
has been rejuvenated there has been like
a little bit of over exuberance right
people experimenting with ideas that
have been left in the waste bin for a
while but some but most of the idea but
that's not related to Bernie Sanders
those are just like random weirdos on
Twitter who gives a [ __ ] sure that's not
Bernie Sanders really that's not really
his platform those not really his people
that is that is a subset of people and
you know what I like a lot of I like a
lot of the energy of those people I'm
not gonna lie I want I like the fact
that people are willing to fight dirty
and the Democratic Party for a change
I've been going through election after
election where 2004 John Kerry got multi
Purple Heart winner his military service
record was totally trashed my draft
dodger George W Bush I remember this
very well cuz I was a very big
Republican at the time I was like [ __ ]
what was I was in high school but I
remember all the meetings about how
Kerry got into a boat and he like filmed
his own friends doing nothing and they
jerked off and like scammed people out
of purple hearts cuz he got a little but
that's all garbage yeah yeah I know I
know I know I remember yeah but I
remember like being a being a young
Republican at the time that was like
think about John Kerry's is he came back
multi decorated guy came back and he was
pretty bravely led Vietnam veterans
against the was one of the leaders of
Vietnam Veterans Against the War
uh-huh right that's insane to me how
quick like it's so weird how fluid
people are on their policy positions
because those policy positions were
always just a proxy of something else
like I remember that like with Donald
Trump
there were like everybody did this I I
imagine unless there was some God like
they could predict the future where
there were so many things was like Oh
Donald Trump just effectively ended his
campaign the the time I got the hardest
feeling that was when I was when Donald
Trump made fun of McCain's service I
couldn't actually believe that like a
guy who'd been tortured so bad that he
couldn't even lift his [ __ ] arms over
his head like that Donald Trump most
Americans are not vets anymore sure oh
yeah I know but like the Republicans
have always historically hid behind the
troops is like a horseman they wrap
themselves in a flag
serve yeah [ __ ] yeah he's like I mean
like so that that that is all like an
identity it's really based in this
political ideology yeah for sure yeah or
like or the same thing would like this
weird blocking of like trying to get
benefits to the like the 911
firefighters and [ __ ] like it's like so
[ __ ] weird to me that like the only
people standing against this are
Republicans it's like very strange oh
yeah tax cut but we can't afford to make
sure that people who got lung cancer
from it don't have to keep begging every
two years - are you [ __ ] yeah it's
the same and so like ultimately what do
we need in the last like I I you know
like for example your your fight with
Hassan like I've watched with dismay
because I actually you know I do think
how Saudis to your left but that doesn't
mean you can't can't be friendly what
happened was you had a position and you
don't want you don't want you don't want
Kamal and tell me if I'm wrong here
Kamala Harris uh-huh we don't want her
annihilated because if she wins the
primary and and we [ __ ] her up we made
her totally unacceptable to everybody on
the left that might be Donald Trump is
gonna win I mean I don't care if you can
I learn I just wanted to be because I've
made up dumb [ __ ] or whatever okay
hold on a lot of people say that I get
in trouble okay because it's not because
on Twitter it's not me on Twitter so
I'll defend everything I say on Twitter
okay I understanding that it might not
be the best platform for the most nuance
of conversations but okay what are
tweets like this you can listen to a
group of mostly white men rant about
voter skull shapes while reading 538
Nate Silver 5:30 was a 21st century
phrenologist wait what is yes
are you like super auntie like
everything he does her no no no so like
if you listen to the pod like what I
specifically talk about is the
distinction between where he's very good
which is statistics aggregator okay
versus when he does his pundit tree
where he blows ass and I hate it like so
what he goes out there and he posts like
oh like for example he had these
pentagrams so do you remember this this
is a couple months ago so this is what I
was reacting to
he had pentagrams where he was like oh
Booker is good with Millennials Booker
is good with this Booker was good with
that and in those pentagrams he had
Bernie Sanders and Booker the same
support among Millennials and it was
just like and then he had a category was
Hispanic slash other you cannot
aggregate
seeing all those categories into one
subcategory like that's totally not
statistically founded at all so my so I
called it voter phrenology because it
was like oh black people are gonna go
with Booker and Harris even though
there's not actually been evidence of
that statistically so you have a pundit
riah prediction that's happening here
that he uses the credibility that he
rightfully earned from his statistics
aggregation and the models which I agree
that I like them they're at Dave's
problems and we can get into statistics
if you want but I think they are useful
and I read them and I look at them I'm
not I'm not saying I'm not anti data I'm
the opposite but what I do have a
problem with is his bad takes his take
saying Bernie can't win or birdie this
birdie that where he obviously is
baiting people and he's way out of of
beyond where the statistics actually
show right and so and he cuz he's a he's
a center-left
like that's his personal beliefs so he
gives center-left takes he he got like
you bombarded with bernie bros that do
exist on twitter and and and he took
that psychic injury or whatever of being
attacked by bernie bros and he turned it
into like oh let me tell you all the
reasons bernie is not even Tier one
you're telling me the guy with the most
volunteers the most money and pulling
second and most of the polls is not in
Tier one he's in tier two under three
other people that's ridiculous that's
not based on Matt am I still connected
yeah I'm listening yeah
okay I mean I understand yeah we'd have
to run back to everything I got but okay
I think I lost my I lost my stream oh
I'm gonna take all yours now oh yes my
baby okay well hey listen I really
appreciated the conversation if like
anything comes up well you think there's
like an interesting poll or some [ __ ]
that you want to come on and chat about
it ever or if I say something on Twitter
and you totally disagree with it like
feel free to just like poke me and disco
to me by the way
don't you dare try to [ __ ] like
pretend like you know you got me cuz you
didn't get [ __ ] no and I was like we I
don't think I don't think you think that
I persuaded you in any way I don't I
don't think I don't think so I don't
think you've said anything that I've
radically disagreed with ever I think
you've nuance my views a little bit more
on some things that like voters are
aware of but I don't think you've like
read I don't think that there was
anything it was like oh wow I didn't
know that at all like no I'm totally
like I think for the most part like
we've read like most of the stats ladies
you know you've done a good persuasion
job oh my mind has actually changed but
I don't know it okay well I well then
this is where I ask you this is where I
offer you oh an 8 to 1 odds $1,000 bet
to see if you're that confident in
Bernie wins I'll give you better the
market odds on him winning and we'll see
if you wanna you know I don't know it
might be you know it's like gamblers
fallacy like like just because you make
a bit like if the bet is too large you
can't afford to lose you know what I'm
saying okay it doesn't mean I wouldn't
take it if I had him you know if I had
the risk of loss is too great even
though the odds are good yeah I know I'm
just playing any also I'm just that's
like it's posturing I'm also you know I
get it like you got to put your money
where your mouth is right you can't just
you can't just oh yeah a little bit but
usually it's more the goal of those
kinds of things like oh well I make so
much money that I can bully you and make
your position seem less credible because
you're not willing to risk as much as I
like this well yeah no but it would be a
bit [ __ ] of me to like pressure
somebody like that like oh right because
that's [ __ ] if I I seriously would
do like a $10 bet like 8 to 1 just cuz
I'll be funny to the PayPal transfer on
the day of whoever wins who loses would
be funny for internet meme but yeah it
would actually be funny and you know hey
hey well you know what
don't attack earning anymore bro I don't
know if I do attack burn I usually tag
his fans now maybe that maybe that's a
meaningless distinction or distinction
without meaning but well I think you
said that his medicare-for-all but I get
you now
his medicare-for-all policy was the
fifth right did you not say that or am I
crazy
I don't think I did I know I've been
critical of his policy I think I've said
the fifth right I know I've used 5th
Reich for some things though but I think
I don't know what that was in reference
to because I think the reference that
I'm talking about how his plan bands
duplicated coverage so like you can't
have private insurance that is which I'm
heavily I think I'm heavily opposed here
right now
yeah well I mean that's common in many
single-player payer systems that I got
banned duplicate coverage the thing
about the thing that's unique about
Bernie's plan is it covers more than
other single-payer plans like for
example a candidate I don't believe they
have pharmaceutical coverage or dental
coverage they might
that's all like so you need to have
private insurance for the
pharmaceuticals but by the way the
pharmaceutical market and Canada's
heavily regulated for sure which would
be fine in the United States as well
yeah I I just think remember from from a
policy position multi payer systems seem
to do pretty well in other countries and
then from a rhetorical position I think
multi-payer system would be way easier
excited to the American public in a
single heroin well yeah they're
multiplayer but they're like nonprofit
and they're super heavily regularly sure
that's fine bring on the [ __ ]
regulations and hell yeah I'm okay see
but health insurance companies are gonna
fight that justice because that's
existential threat to for-profit
insurance just as much as single-payer
is like there is like the organizations
that would be opposed to that to the
multiplayer system like you're like
you're you know you're describing a
German or a Swiss system right
like those systems would be just as
coastal to the American status quo as a
single-payer system and they have
disadvantages that a single-payer system
doesn't have primary the number one
being that they're more expensive now
they have good out some of them have
really good outcomes and they do provide
universality and it is equitably
distributed and you know what if
tomorrow I could stop my fingers and we
had the German healthcare system I
probably would take that bad yeah for
sure which is generally where I point to
yeah that so if I if I did say that
Bernie I don't know like what the
Association do you think man when I say
like Bernie's plan is the fifth reich of
health care I didn't mean it was like a
fascist Nazi [ __ ] you think like
America's capitalist right sure you know
you have right my general Association
that I didn't realize that when Bernie
was putting forth a medicare-for-all
plan
I didn't only wanted a ban on private
insurance which that's like a farmer
wanna ban he doesn't want to ban all
distinction he doesn't want to ban all
private insurance he what's the bad
private ature that covers things covered
by medicare for all but Medicare for all
is gonna be expended to cover everything
besides cosmetic surgery or everything
everything besides cosmetic surgery no
no like for example like in dentistry if
you want an implant versus dentures
maybe the implant will not be covered by
Medicare for all intents as well so if
you wanna Maas medic surgery yes not
necessarily cosmetic a the same sense
like there is a there is a practical
distinct distinction between an implant
and adventure like there is and you're
right
but nothing that people need to survive
will not be covered by Bernie's plan to
me that's an argument in favor for it
because whatever you require people to
get supplemental insurance you're gonna
have people all through that
that III think that like I mean I
understand what you're saying well wait
which part of that drug I don't agree
that this is a distinction with meaning
I think there's a meaningless
distinction I think for the most part
you're banning what when most people say
private insurance and you say oh well
we're still gonna allow like
supplemental insurance no you're
allowing insurance to cover generally
cosmetic things so for instance like on
a Bernese plan and we buy this really
something else if that denture wasn't
couldn't happen because of like some
medical reason you needed the implant
instead then you wouldn't be allowed to
have like insurance supplemental
insurance with that that would be
covered under like the medicare for all
thing yeah so like so here's the thing
like the question is do you think that
there is some sort of right to have a
for-profit insurance company in the
United States or that it serves any
positive perfect purpose for society
okay these are two very different
questions in terms of like for a right
for anything I don't usually look at
things like that like should there be a
right for this or that or whatever well
we asked you because you said like you
know it's capitalist America do you know
you should be able to do that or
something like that
hey walk by so many Broadway Chad if I'm
wrong [ __ ] like show the clip like
send the clips in like tell me if I'm
being crazy wait wrong on what well the
fifth-ranked stuff like oh yeah one oh I
think I think I said that because people
looking at clipper I was like I didn't
realize Bernie's health care was like
the fifth right upon the point of what
I'm saying is I didn't realize he was so
extreme that he's gonna ban like private
insurance for the American system that
represents a significantly extreme
departure from where we are right now
it's more extreme than just right now
sure but it's more extreme than like a
public option which is what I was
getting at okay right like I think I see
that the difference between us is I
reckon it and maybe this is just my
experience I'm talking is like when you
try to do something legislatively uh-huh
right you have you have different
categories you have the apathetic people
that don't care either way you have your
enemies and you have your allies right
okay and I think the enemies of the you
know public option are going to be the
same enemies and with the same intensity
as the single-payer I just I don't know
if that criticisms Valley when Bernie is
literally rep like recommending the most
extreme we are going from
are the worst Oh a seedy country in the
world I think for healthcare and you're
talking about recommending the most
extreme health care plan in the world
extremely worse but we spend the most I
understand that nobody I know this I
talk about this all the time Universal
can really put private health insurance
is so inefficient full of so much
overhead so which I agree I'm not gonna
disagree with any of these are Kurtz's
[ __ ] garbage but bernie is
recommending the most extreme health
care plan in the world sure it's more
and give people more cons why I'm not
going to support it well that's what you
are by not supporting its abolishment
you are supporting its existence oh sure
a lot a long side a public option
alongside a public option yeah sure but
but here's the thing that okay okay
here's that here's something that I have
at the point I haven't made which might
help you understand where I'm coming
from okay private health insurance would
not exist but for the government what do
you mean by that so like for example the
the individual health care market
basically did not exist it was a rump
thing prior to Obamacare almost all
health insurance was in
employer-provided plans and
employer-provided plans are subsidized
by taxes they're tax-free so when the
employer gives you a healthcare benefit
they don't have to pay taxes on that
compensation sure where's that they just
gave you that in money yes consider
probably considered part of compensation
so it's like a write-off against your
like revenue or some [ __ ] no no no no
what I'm saying is like it's a it's a
they get subsidized actively so we're
losing hundreds of millions hundreds of
billions of dollars in tax revenue to
provide private insurance right yep that
we would be able to use for other [ __ ]
so private insurance doubly doesn't
exist prior the and by the way that
individual market that Obama created has
is heavily subsidized like they have to
give government grants and money to the
insurance companies directly in order
for them to be able to provide those
insurance those private insurance plans
so what you're saying is Mike maintain
this tax deduction for private health
employers what wait oh my god saying
this at all why would I let you finish
this i dude
I am never in favor of employee provided
health care it is one of the few issues
that it economic economist every
economist case employer you're saying we
should do an extreme departure then
because if we got rid of that employer
provide
insurance everybody loses their [ __ ]
insurance but we don't necessarily but
what I'm saying is we don't necessarily
have to maybe you revoke some of the tax
benefits for those or maybe you have
collapsed that's great that was Pete's
point and you know what if we get to
single-payer because the public option
is so good that the private sector
becomes non-competitive I'm okay with
that they're [ __ ] aimin then that's
the path forward okay so what do you
think is more disastrous for our country
changing the laws on this and causing
all of these insurance companies that
preview existed to a collapse having a
public option that's not ready to absorb
everybody because we can't predict when
the collapse will take place or an
orderly transition to a single-payer
model that is more efficient covers more
the motor crime the question in the
world I feel okay we have two things we
can either provide a public option in
which case the companies the insurance
companies will randomly fail at totally
unpredictable times and we won't know
who'll be able to absorb we can have the
god-sent single-payer that will be fully
funded on day one they can absorb every
single person and it will be
administratively efficient in every way
and we're doing well I mean if watch
what am I going to choose I'm not really
sure why it's not you don't know that
you don't know that the United States
transition you don't know that the
United s transition to a single-payer
system is going to be a there's gonna be
a massive shift of employment you know
that that's gonna be an issue initially
right all of those insurance companies
are immediately going [ __ ] bankrupt
and all of those people are gonna have
to transition to other types of work
which is gonna be a huge [ __ ]
nightmare right we are gonna have to
find funding for this program which is
going to be a constant [ __ ] fight in
Congress so I keep fighting over even
finding the [ __ ] ASEA it was a huge
[ __ ] fight so don't tell me they're
gonna be a fight over funding the
single-payer system you know there's
gonna be a push back through tons of da
okay yeah don't get Scout oh look at 90
percent of the time we've been talking
don't tell me I'm just galloping okay
listen we don't even disagree you did it
okay listen we don't even disagree on
this okay we don't describe any of it I
know we don't but what I'm saying is is
that the public option is riskier
according to the way you want to do it
which is get rid of all those incentives
and all of those subsidies for private
insurance then you're right like so the
rates will skyrocket the premiums
increase dramatically that like people
will be walking to the public option and
you're right so but but it will be much
more disruptive and all the stuff you're
worried about with people losing their
jobs will happen because they're going
to the public option right yeah but
maybe it happens in a more gradual
fashion maybe the private insurance
industry while they could be more
Graduate than having a plant like
because maybe the private insurance
industry well one because you would
probably the the Medicare for all the
public option rollout probably wouldn't
be instantaneous it would probably
happen over some number of years like
even Bernie's plan does one to maybe
private insurers find that there are
certain niches that they can fill maybe
giving you preferential lines at some
private hospitals maybe covering stuff
that you know maybe like things like
LASIK people have better care that's how
multi-payer works in other countries and
it works just fine they have like yeah
sure well if your values are health care
outcomes and cost it seems like multi
payer systems are pretty competitive
with single parties do you think that I
do think like having a safety valve like
for example in Norway what they do is
they have like a maximum waiting period
right and if you exceed that maximum
waiting period then the government isn't
obligated to pay for your carreer
treatment in a foreign country like they
will fly you to another hospital and
they'll get that treatment taken care of
but for the most part you have to take
care of your health care what did that
private system and I do think they do
allow like a small private market to
exist as a safety valve yeah against
that yeah and if you are like super
[ __ ] amazingly rich in America maybe
you should be able to pay to go to a
[ __ ] doctor that like gives you a
[ __ ] head massage in a blow job when
you get your [ __ ] cast taken off or
some [ __ ] like if people have a lot more
money to spend then that's good we
should let them throw that into the
[ __ ] healthcare system like collect
they're paying for the [ __ ] they're
not paying for the cast well I don't
want them to pay for the cab the reason
why is because universality is much
harder to attack than having all these
like different tiers of service right
because I hear this so often the
universality is harder to attack okay
universality is harder to fund
you're gonna need way more [ __ ] money
to deal with this if you're not gonna
collect any outside revenue now we can
sit here and pretend that money is free
and no one's gonna fight over the
funding for this or the tax raises that
are gonna have to happen to fund it but
yeah is universality easy to defend on
something like say like education or
health care yeah sure but it's also
gonna require
ton more funding to get it done okay so
the one the one advantage to the Bernie
plan is that creates like by expanding
Medicare Medicare is a non discretionary
program do you know the distinction
between discretionary and
non-discretionary discretionary spending
is usually spending I think that's
negotiate of the budget every whatever
and non-discretionary like has to
[ __ ] happen it there it's a
non-negotiable yeah and
non-discretionary spending that most
people don't realize far outweighs our
discretionary spending it's like so like
first US and those non-discretionary
items have like they have their own
financing sources of money so they so
like Social Security is paid for by
Social Security taxes Medicare is
largely paid for by Medicare taxes and
so what the single-payer model will do
is would be out in one bill you expand
Medicare you increase the benefits right
and you increase the taxes that would
have to happen and then it becomes a
reoccurring thing that exists and
doesn't require what you're talking
about which is like doing a budget every
year and so it becomes much more
different once you have all of the
mechanisms in place well I don't [ __ ] I
don't I don't have this information
my guess is going to be that it is going
to require some adjustment and funding
passed like we're not gonna get it right
on day one I'm gonna guess that there's
gonna be some adjustment in funding
after the the initial inception of the
program but that initial inception there
is going to be a lot of fighting over
the funding for that and universality is
going to drive up the cost a little bit
like that's just a fact so I mean like
okay well there's two things about costs
like first think about cost is the per
person like like paying for someone's
health care in Canada I think the last
numbers I saw it I haven't looked at
this for a couple years so I might have
gone up a little bit was 4,800 per
person right for a single-payer in
America we spend 9800 per capita so by
being a single-payer system they have
squeezed more efficiencies out of the
system and so they pay half as much so
for the same money they can cover two
people and so what I'm saying is that
the single-payer I'm not saying that
Bernie Sanders thing is going to
instantaneously make us forty eight
hundred per person but it will have some
savings that take place and you rightly
say a lot of worthless insurance
bureaucracy is gonna die here [ __ ]
riddance I'm not better occupied like be
careful like just because the money
right now exists the money does exist in
the you
it states for single-payer as you
rightfully said we spend more than every
other country in the world I think on
health care we definitely spend one
people with even single payer systems on
health care but that doesn't mean that
the US government is collecting that
right now in tax receipts that's why we
have to do it that has to be part yeah I
know it has to be part of it but that's
gonna be a fight you know it's gonna be
of course it'll be a fight sure we've
got a people that it's a fight worth
having of course sure yeah of course and
this is why this is why we're having
this debate because you think Mike you
want to have this bloody fight and it's
just marginally better than what I want
huh and my white fight won't be as
bloody and here's what I believe I
believe it your fight would just be a
justice bloody for an inferior system
and you maybe you don't recognize it and
you have a disagreement about how to
fight how bloody it would be but I think
the insurance companies are they're run
by smart people they're evil worthless
scum bags but they are run by smart
people and they see the same thing you
do which is that if a public option came
in and we remove those tax subsidies
from private insurance and
employer-provided healthcare that those
systems would be untenable and so that
wouldn't that be it just it's just as
much of an existential threat threat to
do a public option as Ed removed those
subsidies as it is to just do an orderly
transition and a difference between the
two is you're maintaining those
insurance companies longer I understand
what you're saying I just I don't but
it's so hard to I don't know how I can
make this argument like it seems like
for the ACA that passing the ACA without
the public option was easier than
passing ACA with the public option right
that put that public option before that
was what it was gonna be passing died in
the Senate because of Libra winner would
ever like it this [ __ ] me so the
reason why we didn't have a public
option uh-huh and I'm I'm quoting and I
don't have it at my finger sure that's
fine that's right yeah pain in the ass
to find out was that there were 55 votes
for the public op okay okay I'm this
Senate and that God what was it what was
the majority leader at the time who was
he he was from Nevada I'm blanking Harry
Reid or Harry Reid yeah Harry Reid was
surprised that the bill that came out of
the house was without the public option
and they expected there to be a fight
but one thing that people need to keep
in mind about Obamacare was it was
passed with 59 votes in reconciliation
mm-hmm they passed it in reconciliation
because Ted Kennedy died there was a
special election election and a guy
named by the Republican by the name of
Scott Brown won and so the Democrats
lost their filibuster-proof majority and
there were four blue dog demos Joe
Lieberman who were against the public
option because their scumbag pieces of
[ __ ] were funded by the insurance
companies and and I believed your
Lieberman has literally gone on to work
as a lobbyist for you okay that's like
literally a fact okay and so listen we
can we can we can get we can give a
reason why it didn't pass I'm just
saying it seems like the version without
the public option passed and the version
that had the public option for whatever
reason it's because there was a lack of
political will because there was a lack
of organization there was a lack of
outside pressure there was a lack of
knowledge maybe there'll be a lack of
political will for a single-payer versus
a multiplayer that's true but Bernie
Sanders is making this his he's making
his make it in his plan Bernie Sanders
isn't the Senate he's not the guy from
[ __ ] Star Wars political fight we
make sure that every single Democratic
senator fears for their job if they
fight this and I'm not saying it's gonna
happen necessarily mmm or in 2021 and
you know what say we barely get the
Senate back which is probably the most
optimistic outcome right well well I
think Bernie Sanders is the one that
understands we need structural reforms
which means he's going to do stuff like
have a 21st century Voting Rights Act
right where we we we give everybody the
right to vote back but we have universal
vote-by-mail vote with paper ballots we
do automatic voter registration we do we
get senators for DC and Puerto Rico if
we can if we and we try to change the
game and we you know we do car check for
unions every single one of these things
are gonna be fun could like crazy along
the way but yeah it'll be fought but but
I do think that even centrist Democrats
a lot of these things are doable and
they're part about building a power base
that we can carry forward for sure and
you know what I'm not saying that Bernie
Sanders is necessarily
to be able to get everything done by
making a flaming a magic one I'm a
[ __ ] bloodied warrior I know how hard
this is but what I'm saying is we should
fight to win and the insurance companies
are objectively bad and they are enemy
of progress and if we can finally slay
them it's a word it's we should be
arguing to slay them rather than being
scared of a fight that's they're gonna
do it anyway they're gonna fight your
public option destiny sure I'm sure they
will I don't know if I would say I don't
know if I would go as far we're getting
real lofty in here we're getting real
lefty in here okay I told you I told you
I was lefty like I'm not hiding yeah I
know
okay the reason why we get bad outcomes
in this country and see if you disagree
is because the structures are [ __ ] up
not because because because that's why
we get the bad outcomes you know it's
not personal foibles like we don't have
more we don't have more shootings in
America because America yeah no yeah I
agree there's not like Americans are
like too stupid to go to the hospital
there seems to be some structural
incapability of the current American
system to deliver health care to its
citizens compared to other OECD
countries yeah of course it's not just
that it's like horrible for all sorts of
distributive reasons it causes
bankruptcies it causes job lock it
causes a million that people don't start
businesses that they might do because
their wife has some sort of condition or
their kid - the dependent on this
insurance company so we don't know all
the lost productivity oh you don't have
school districts and local governments
that have to spend money on their own
health care plans as opposed to like
doing what they're supposed to do like
pave roads or build buy books for the
kids
there's vending money on stupid [ __ ]
unions are having to negotiate to keep
their contracts so they could get more
contributions for health care so they're
not fighting for higher wages and down
la line every um you know many of our
social ills are directly related back to
this ridiculous for-profit insurance
system which has no benefits that's it
there's a lot of political stuff that's
located there I don't know if I want to
go through dismantling is wrong with it
tell me what's wrong objectively I know
I put a pact the problem is that like
every time you preserve it yeah the
problem we have consensus on everything
I said right not for everything you just
said no I don't think that companies
aren't harming evil of stand in the way
of progress well I don't even it seems
like the alternative system that you
present are always infinitely funded
always have infinite resources always
have the infinite ability to deliver
care that's not true there are problems
with with
with free education or free health care
and other parts of the world there are
waiting lines in countries like Sweden
it takes a long [ __ ] time for some
particular but you know what happens at
the end of the wait you [ __ ] die
listen there are no waiting lines in
America for me because I can pay for
whatever the [ __ ] I want okay so that is
not true if you haven't really faced
that but if you got if you got some
difficult brain cancer tomorrow even if
you have millions not millions okay
listen alright I love your channel
Europe I'm on my way to developing brain
cancer if I do this internet politics
Inc for much longer but I'm okay no I
didn't say you were doing it I didn't
say don't have honey don't straumann me
okay no no listen okay hold on in order
to disagree with what you're saying we
would have to like we would have to go
through like whole like ideas of like
economic organization I don't
necessarily disagree right now I would
be crazy to disagree that the run stinky
behavior and that the the economic
structures right now insurance companies
in the United States probably reduces
health outcomes or almost certainly
reduces our health care outcomes in the
United States I think I would definitely
agree with that
that doesn't mean I think health
insurance companies are evil or always
stand on the way of progress or are
horrible things that ever exist those
are rhetorical flourishes what's wrong
with that you've got to persuade my
dudes that require some rhetorical
flourishes when I say that insurance
companies are evil what I mean there are
that they are amoral profit-making
interpret everything in an economy is
amoral though right but health care
companies seem to exist in other
countries as you've admitted with
regulations of course health care
country health care companies arms seem
to exist in other countries and
seemingly unaffected driveable Tamara
says as well sure me admitting that you
know multi payer systems exist do
decently better than ours it's not some
sort of huge concession okay well with
eight well then what do we disagree on
well because they annihilated for-profit
insurance and those multi payer systems
they have nonprofit basically extensions
of the state that dictate what the
policies can and cannot cover
sure they give it which we hate and we
even did that a little bit with the ACA
where we dictated a user it's companies
allow what I mean the same structural
barriers that we face for single-payer
which I think you agree it's better than
what the multiplayer models in a lot of
way I don't know if I agree the single
pair is better than multiplayer I've
seen like the outcomes are similar and
that both systems have their
strengths that and single-payer is more
efficient with money I don't know if
that's I don't I haven't looked at that
I don't know if it's true or not
okay well based on my knowledge okay it
they tend to be more efficient okay and
they tend to have good outcomes and you
know what like again as I said earlier
if I could wave a magic wand and have
the German health care system I probably
would or the French system you know
France I think has three major payers
and they are super heavily regulated I
think they're nonprofits I'm not French
so I can't have it psycho Pete
acknowledged about every system know
what I do know is if you were designing
a system which is what we're talking
about doing we're talking about Mike
what should the system that you design
if you had the ability to persuade
people to do what would you do I'm
telling you what I think we should do
now if we get into the political arena
destiny and like we're out there in that
in the house and it looks like you know
a strong public option is the only thing
that's gonna make it through hi Bernie
Sanders will do it sure I don't think I
necessarily disagree with any of that if
in a vacuum if we were designing the
perfect health care system I mean the
most efficient structure is almost
always going to be a monopoly something
that doesn't have any competition from
any other structure with like actual
like price controls on it I would that
would be like my guess so a single-payer
would probably the most efficient thing
in a vacuum I would agree I just feel
like the American electorate like
actually when I say design in a pack in
a vacuum
I mean designed without any regard for
like electability or possibility or have
what the American public things like
like what is the most perfect system we
could ever possibly design like on paper
like is what I mean right there it might
it might be single-payer I think I think
I think the main point of our
disagreement is it's it's it's the realm
of what's the political horizon right
mm-hmm and like you rightfully
understand Mike we have this shitty
system and no one's ever fixed it aren't
you being a little bit naive thinking
that we have this ability to do this
political horizon yeah to make the most
extreme healthcare system in the world
it's not the most extreme I think it is
well I think Bernie's plan would be the
most extreme health care single-payer
system in the world the most extremely
best
okay listen I love you and I've had to
go for like 30 minutes I'm gonna die cuz
I'm sorry but we will do this again I'm
sure okay if there's ever any major [ __ ]
that comes out that you want to chatter
forever just hit me up or if you want to
talk after like the next round of
debates or whatever I think I'd be
really interested to get your take
afterwards I don't know okay all right
man all right I really appreciate the
conversation I do what's your what's
your Twitter chatter what's like your
main thing you want to promote oh why
don't you go to my twitch channel guys
twitch that TV slash Central Committee I
think we've gotten about 800 follows
from my starting point of ninety good
you so we've done okay I also have a
podcast that I do with my friend called
in too deep and he's more of a he's more
of like a hardcore socialist about more
kind of leaning towards the suck damn
democratic socialist I would I would go
there with all that tanky iconography
you have a go ahead but here's the thing
I want to reclaim that [ __ ] oh my god
I'm not fronting man like I think we
should have labor solidarity I believe
that we should have like we should
demagogue the rich like I'm fine with it
but that's rhetorical stuff you know
that's fun for me gosh and we get to for
you you might have a different aesthetic
which is fine dude like we all have like
we all have our we have we all have our
yum Yum's that we all have our ducks
that's my um it could be your yuck it's
not it has no bearing on the substance
of what I'm saying and I would not back
down from anything I've said today
gotcha okay you know and if I've been
inconsistent I'm a human like sometimes
that happens I'm taking back symbols -
okay this is the new this is the new
Omni liberalism that we're gonna be
flying guys okay we're taking it back
alright guys but okay but yeah I
understand all right listen I really
appreciate the conversation might do it
okay Chad who won
[Music]
jesus [ __ ] christ oh this is the
study that I'm familiar with I need to
look into more of this but single payer
system performs better in terms of
health care equity meaning the
difference between best care and worst
care I'm imagining risk pulling a
negotiation where as multi payer systems
yield additional options to patients and
are harder to the exploit by the
government
LTI system also involves a higher
administrative cost the findings
pertaining to the impact on efficiency
and quality are rather tentative because
of methodological limitations of
available studies so it seems like with
what I know it seems like they seem to
perform like comparably in terms of
health care outcomes or at least I
haven't seen anything that challenges
that and then both systems kind of have
like their pros and cons but yeah do you
think Bynum will likely push his health
care reform as fodeez binding or never
get selected
oh you mean as hard as Sanders or Warren
I imagine so health care is a pretty big
deal to a lot of Democrats right now
right isn't that one of the time
pranking issues [ __ ] I have to be
careful with defining terms excuse
[ __ ] I can't let anybody define it I
can't let anybody asked me a question
I've been just an Susa like do you think
the average American is more moderate in
their political position and their
economic position is like oh moderate
like after I've been debating like let
cuz my brain is so [ __ ] for debating
socialist and I'm like oh yeah probably
yeah and it's like well actually no most
of our more left-leaning it's like wait
no they're not he's like yeah they
support like Medicare and [ __ ] I'm like
oh wait you mean left-leaning like that
you don't mean like socialist [ __ ] like
uh yeah I have to be really careful when
I because like people use the words like
so differently and in terms of how they
uh in terms are happy to find like
moderate like it because like I'm coming
off of like every conversation I have
with like Bernie bros are like Nancy
Pelosi Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton are
like right-wing conservative candidates
that it's like what the [ __ ] yeah please
don't stop shooting in those dumb [ __ ] -
IQ Bernie bros on Twitter maybe this guy
was infinitely more interesting to talk
to then like the random Bernie bros
though this guy was actually I really
really really enjoyed this guy's
perspective and he seems to have like a
huge like knowledge and a huge amount of
knowledge about electoral politics which
is actually something that I'm like so
interested in now that I had like I had
almost no interest before I was like
really interested in policy and I was
really interested in philosophy these
are like the two big things that I cared
about for politics I didn't really care
about electoral politics now but now
electoral politics are way more
interesting to me and this guy seems to
have like a good backing like every poll
that he referenced like I remembered
seeing and like it seemed like he had a
good foundation for knowledge and knew a
lot of show that I was I didn't so yeah
we should spend like I'm honestly I have
read a little bit into like the Soviet
Union memes but it's so [ __ ] hard
it's one at Soviet Union history is like
[ __ ] Nazi historical revisionism to
me where I like try to like stay
away from it because like I've seen like
people post like big defenses of the
Soviet Union but then I've seen huge
takedowns of those defenses of the
Soviet Union so like I have no [ __ ]
idea like what's right or what's wrong
or who's to be trusted whatever I just
don't know like holy [ __ ] did you read
my threat yeah not Mike I saw one of
your threads and then I've said yeah
it's like yeah it's insane like the
differences in opinions on some of these
things yeah I don't think that the
history like I don't think the history
of the Soviet news is like they were
like it exposed like evil country but I
don't think it even these like beacons
of like economic and social progress if
some people in the lab sometimes say
that they kind of sort of are like yeah
I don't know I'm not sure okay I'll be
back my life right now oh my god I would
I would actually be shocked if somebody
was doing it
