okay hello hello hi can you hear what
sorry
hey if I were you doing I'm doing great
how you doing okay what are we chat
about philosophy mind materialism joy
that butchers and I think dr. Lewis I
don't want to say I'm educated but maybe
he didn't bring forth the strongest
arguments against materialism I think
okay yeah sure what's here just case
what's your background in this I worked
my best round in the philosophy of mind
but as a mom and a toaster
yeah I remember gotcha i which i think
is what REM is wanting to do but okay
cool okay I think my English is fine
enough as a frickin yeah so maybe we can
start with your meticulous right I think
so yeah I think maybe I used to say
physicalist but then somebody told me
nobody says physicalist I say
materialist well maybe we can go firstly
about what that means maybe and then
goes for some arguments few hundred yeah
sure so what do you understand under
material physical disorder
I guess my understanding of physicalism
is that the only things that exist are
things that are like I guess like
properties of like the physical
world and there aren't any other like
like dimensions or any other areas where
I guess information or anything can
exist outside of the physical world the
only properties that exist yes yeah
that's sure yeah and but you only want
to say the only thing that does exist is
physical properties not the only thing
so to be very careful I think I would
say the only things whose existence we
can know about our physical things I
guess I can't really make a definitive
statement
Frye's to other things existing outside
of the physical but I would say we can't
have knowledge of any of those things I
want to make this distinction because
this has limitations and like when we
talk about necessity and modality and
possibility and such things right okay
if you want to say is the only thing
that was possible for material things to
exist you will basically say something
like there would be no possible worlds
in which mental things exist for example
Oh
not possible worlds in which angels or
demons yeah I don't think I would ever
make a statement that strong that sounds
like a way to okay powerful okay yeah
this would be this was a earliest
approaches and materialism physicalism
they would say something in this vein
that basically the only thing possible
to exist are physical things in a sense
and they would claim an identity of
psychological or mental things was those
physical things to you so how do you
want to explain presumably mental things
they're just abstract things that are
arise from are not abstract emergent
things that arise from from other
physical things basically I see no
reason why you would need anything
non-physical to describe like mine
states okay but they are emergent
emergent meant in the sense
they cannot be reduced to that's usually
understood and emergent physical things
so does emergent necessary I thought
that emergent means that new properties
arise once like other things are kind of
combined but you wouldn't necessarily
say that there would like irreducible
like if you reduce him it would lose
like it's greater property but maybe I
misunderstand the term then but I mean
like when I say emergent I mean like
like a bunch of physical properties come
together and the and the whole is
greater than any of the individual parts
but it's still reducible back to the
brain combined with functions maybe yeah
like from the conditions under which you
on fire yeah basically yeah that every
mind state should be reducible back to
some physical property yeah would you
say that the nature of reducibility so
that it would be something like this
the idea you would probably put forward
or something like yeah they are things
that appear to us to be mental but
actually if we look close enough they're
like neurons and brain cells and stuff
like this yeah pretty much
and what's the nature of the
reducibility in this case so I don't
know if you know or if you are elses
distinction between like logical
materialism and like different forms of
it you know I don't know any
distinctions okay ethically logical
materialism this is what I put forward a
little bit earlier this is basically
this idea that to say that I believe
that McCulloch
German Chancellor can be is the same as
having certain mental state for example
so there's no difference in saying I am
in such-and-such mental state to me
believing that I'm gonna Mecca as
Chancellor of Germany not ever swing
that and what else a certain mental
state
not many said you will state a certain
state of my brain with certain new ones
and certain and certain connections yeah
that that sounds agreeable I think yeah
mmm this is a that's why I've asked yoga
because identity if you put identity in
such a way identity it's a very strong
connective in like logic and stuff right
if we say identity in such a way because
if we say for example 2+2 is identical
with 4 and that would be like a primary
example of identity in such a case we
wouldn't say in 2+2 is identical before
that only in certain words this is true
right that would be true in all words in
all personal words however the statement
me believing that anger maccalister
Chancellor of Germany being identical to
a certain mental state needs not to be
wait so wait so are you saying that
there's like a distinction between a
person's thought and the underlying
physical properties of that person's
thought or whatever what is the
distinction being drawn I guess the
distinction is a matter of linguist
whether we want to say it was logical
identical that my mental state means
nothing else but me believing that as a
Chancellor of Germany or if we want to
say in our world under our natural laws
for example such a mental state comes
out at the end is a different way of
thinking about those things because one
has to be true in every world right
because identity is this is such a
strong connector this is a logical
operator in the same sense that two plus
two equals four has to be true in every
world it has to be true that if my
mental state is identical with a certain
if this connection also has to be true
like every word in every possible word
however the sentence under our natural
laws such in such a physical state and
that such in such another physical state
I have such and such and such beliefs
does not have to be true in every world
am I making sense or not um a little bit
I mean I guess so
okay so let's say that I go with the
what is it the logical materialism or
logical physicalism yeah I mean I I
think that sounds so whatever mental
state you have is equivalent to the
underlying brain state and I guess I
don't understand really all possible
worlds come in the methodology so to say
to make sense what make sense about the
operator of identical entity so to say
to understand what identical means is to
we use us to refer to our possible
worlds and because identity has to be
tuned or possible versus because two
plus two equals four has to each one for
example has to be true in all possible
worlds and and for example do you know
of analytical sentences for example
tautologies I mean I think I know what a
tautology is right were you basically
like restate a definition of a word kind
of or yeah like this for example two
plus two equals four or something like a
[ __ ] to us an unmarried man or
something yeah and those things are
supposed to be two possible words
yeah because because one logically
follows the other and if we assume that
logic functions in all possible world
cinema okay yeah okay okay yeah so then
yeah I think so then I would agree that
two plus two equals four in the same way
that any mental state equals whatever
underlying physical property would cause
that mental state to emerge in all
possible worlds yeah I mean Scully the
shadiest prohibition
not the shittiest one but it's the
strongest one right it's not necessarily
the city but it's it's it's the
strongest one you have to defend it the
most if you want to have this kind of
materialism you have to you have to
climb the defense the highest hill so to
say well what is the what's the
strongest attack against it usually the
strongest attackers that for example use
the other example of identity to pursue
it goes forward we don't need to know
what's on each side of the identity sign
there's nothing new gained from this
it's just a different way of stating it
mm-hmm
so if I have two plus two I really
didn't didn't need to write down equals
four because it's the same I don't write
something new for the same as two plus
two okay there's nothing new to gain
before her from this
however in like my mental state if I
have to believe that Angela Merkel as a
Chancellor of Germany for example and
there's lots to be gained if I if we do
like new neurological research and stuff
and we actually find out what mental
states what physical state coincides
with this belief supposed to be I don't
think yeah so I think my issue here
would be for two plus two equals four we
would say that we would say that there's
nothing to be gained by knowing the
other side of that identity because it's
identity but for the mental state thing
the only reason why we don't know both
sides it was we don't have a way to
perfectly gather information from the
brain know like let's say for instance
there was one neuron that fired every
time you thought of the color red if a
person said I'm thinking of the color
red and then we had a machine to scan
their brain and we saw that single
neuron fire then couldn't we argue there
well look because of identity we
actually don't gain any information by
knowing one of the other sides of these
equations if they know the color red
we know that neuron is firing if we know
that neurons find we know the thinking
of red yeah for sure yeah we don't have
the necessary information right now I
totally agree okay we want to state
identity in the sense we wouldn't need
research right because it means the same
why would I need to find out for two
plus two means this would be ready to go
wait you're saying we wouldn't need
research if this was all right no I
don't think it's the same it's the same
research well time to understand why
right figure well we do the research
that we could so that we can understand
why we don't want to just take it for
granted right we want to make sure that
it's true so like for instance like one
plus one equals two like you could like
I feel like there are like six page math
proofs on actually proving that this is
true but you would never stop and say
well we already know it's true because
of identity because that's like because
we're making sure it's true because
there's any right let's say it's not
like a post hoc rationalization where
you're saying like oh but we don't need
to research these mental states because
we already know that they're true well
but I mean we still do it anyway so that
we can understand the underlying I guess
whether they function now the difference
is two plus two is we don't do research
to find out whether it's two we please
paulus certain axioms that result in it
being different hmm what about for like
a more cannot what about like a more
complicated like how like it like a
really advanced again a girl a
derivative or something or some crazy
thing I mean that's still a solution
that would math groups her research or
something to solve no calculation
certainly but not really research or
proof in the servants and of course when
we get to complex formulations and such
there might actually be something going
on however if we just have very simple
not simple we're very like the sub
formulation to identity is the state at
least I don't think
research would be appropriate okay we do
extra Matic system so we don't have to
do research we can just put it into a
calculator yeah so let me restate your
argument attack because I I'm cause I'm
totally not agreeing with what you're
saying so let me restated tell me if I'm
saying this accurately you're say so my
argument is that for any given mental
state it corresponds we in a one-to-one
fashion with an underlying physical
state so for instance the thought Angela
Merkel is the is the Chancellor of
Germany 100% one-to-one corresponds with
some underlying neurological state via
identity that's that's what I'm saying
and then your response to that is saying
okay well if that's truly the law of
identity why do you need to research one
side of the equation and for any other
given identity we already know both
sides given a single side so why would
you have to research the other side if a
Trulia's identity that's is that kind of
what your argument is I wouldn't say
it's correlation is identity a little
bit later okay and say that on an
equations there are two sides I also
don't think that's a correct formulation
it's the same right we are just taking
the same thing differently okay gotcha
um yeah I guess I I guess I just don't
agree the argument because I mean like I
could still say like oh well you know
this corresponds like I don't think that
just because somebody says I have one
side of the equation and I believe that
it
I believe that it what so what word
would I use if not correlates it
identifies with or yeah okay so just
because I have a just because I have a
thought process or whatever that that
identifies as something else that I
believe is physical just because I don't
know exactly what that other thing is I
don't think means it's not identity or
or I would consider something
supernatural or whatever as I feel like
that I don't think anything supernatural
is going on I simply think conceptually
materialism it's not enough to capture
our experience I don't I think we need
genuine it would use a little mental
state I couldn't you make recording to
make the same argument for literally
any scientific phenomenon that wasn't
once understood but now is understood or
yeah yeah that's an interesting case
right we need to find more out about it
however the argument is not that we
haven't found out enough about it but
that we can't find out more about it
in a certain sense we can't find out
certain correlations and stuff obviously
we we see us with mental illness for
example and some brains that actually
damaged in a very physical way that we
that you have lived in need that there
is obviously some kind of correlation
where I think the the rate of thought
might be something like conscious
consciousness genuinely emergent merging
out of physical stuff irreducible to
lots of physical stuff or not yeah
obviously codependence yeah and I just
seem so hard given so much physical
stuff can be altered that has such a
great impact on the mental stuff I guess
I don't know however very much mental
stuff can be altered to have impact on
the physical stuff now so if I want to
get an is a mental state I can go out
and get a nice get an ice ice cream
sorry um I I want an ice cream I can go
out and do it through physical ways no
you can't will that into physical ways
however so the cause of the action this
is my mental state right so obviously
mental states also have influence from
physical stuff I call us my body to move
yeah I hate to borrow from neuroscience
here because I [ __ ] hate everything
I've ever heard about it but like hasn't
had been demonstrated for instance that
like decisions that we made are actually
made before we're even conscious of
making those decisions
I couldn't you arise of their underlying
physical states that are just giving way
to mental states that are making
decisions that appear to be mental
states but are actually just physically
made experiment into sense right okay
also very important regarding
[Music]
yeah and the my my point would simply be
that our consciousness is read broader
than we think so it's a stuff that
happens before we actively noticed it is
part of our consciousness
that's not something separate from I
mean at what point are we starting this
yeah but at what point are we starting
to semantically real able physical
things as conscious things or do you
think that this is different so like
let's say that I show so okay so the
initial argument is the mental is
actually impacting the physical and the
argument here is that we can physically
go after something however the cause of
that the the initial starting condition
or whatever was a mental one and then I
say well look actually I can point to
the idea that this mental thing is being
caused by a physical thing and then you
say okay well that physical thing even
though it appears to be a physical thing
that's actually a mental thing that's
did that make sense mm-hmm yeah so yeah
so that my question would be like aren't
you just redefining some of what we
understand to be physical as mental or
mmm redefining maybe I don't think
that's necessarily a bad thing if
evidence supports us yeah well yeah
because logic follows yeah so then my
question and this is I feel like the
hard one for you to answer is like okay
well if you have evidence on your side
how do I find mental states alright
where do I find these things or how do I
even what by what process can I even
evaluate the existence with such a thing
how can I have knowledge of something
like this
yes other mental states besides my own
extremely big I think I personally what
I'm putting forward and just in the chat
more or less with was if you are hold
like maybe two years early at the moment
I'm kind of if you have other things
that may be a little bit too nice and
that's a big problem you would have to
you would just have to accept that
there's a very big problem of the
external world it's also called word yet
if you're a private mind how we how do
we get outside of our private mind and I
don't think there's really brilliant
armed forces we just have to accept that
there might be a problem and we just
have to live with the possibility of not
having access to other people's minds
here um here's a question like a thought
experiment have for you let's say that
let's say that artificial intelligence
became sufficiently complicated enough
that it could emulate a human mind in
any conceivable way would you argue that
we've created like a physical thing that
gives way to something non-physical or
is it something yes I think if we are
able to create physical physical like
computer brains for example that have a
complex enough structure and that are
functionally close enough to human
brains I would certainly say that there
are concepts consciousness emerging I
would also say for example for babyco a
very complex muscle networks for example
so where does this information reside in
I guess what so like when I talk about
Robert II yeah when I talk about
properties of the physical world and
entities that exist in the physical
world these are things that like take up
like a they occupy three-dimensional
space right where do um or four
dimensional space item anyone where do I
am where do I find mental states what
are these things exist at and one what
form I think in the description you're
also presupposing kind of your view yeah
my position would be some kind of
property dualism this code it's good
okay you probably know about Buddhism
but that's basically you have a soul
into your body yeah this is some stupid
view Dakar foot forward
sure it's trying to marry like
spirituality with physicalism right kind
of yeah it's very stupid it doesn't work
the cat got killed over a hundred times
in the 20th century and the smarter
version is basically
property dualism was which would say the
stuff the world is made of it's not
physical
but it's neutral it's some kind of
neutral stuff
the world's our universe whatever and
this stuff can have physical properties
but it can also have mental properties
for example we are people right and
people can have mental properties but
they can also have physical properties
for example I am like 188 tall that's a
physical property but however I'm also
hungry for example so just curious do we
need to invent this language literally
just to describe mental states or there
are other possible things that could
exist here that are that are like
property dependent non-physical things I
think we would probably regarding what
view we hold towards Universal or
abstract objects like numbers for
example we might just invent this
language for this additional category
for mental stuff I think so so are you
saying that any property dependent thing
will it be like 100 percent reflected by
any any physical thing or 100% like
emergent from any physical thing my next
question is gonna be then why wouldn't
you just call it physical because the
way of emergence is not non-reducible I
think okay and I would also probably say
that those things in most cases I can't
think of any case where it wouldn't be
dependent on physical stuff I think so
however I put this for you for because I
think they are massive flaws with us
materialism as such when we assume
reviewability of mental properties what
can you give me like a potential problem
oh man if you want to go through so you
already run through some I think if I
remember correctly
I'm not went to that you already talked
about some and you talked about Claudia
what yes yes communicate experiences to
other people right not communicate I
think the ability to accept
and as such yeah yeah no not necessary
about the linguistic part of oh yeah yes
I that was the the context of the
conversation was at any qualia that some
any individual experiences it's always
going to be unique to them and you can
ever experience another person's quality
or whatever right yes this was a very
famous paper in the 1980s or something
however what this is like to be a bird
in bed
what does it like to be a bed yeah this
is basically a very important but but I
think you already talk kind of a lot
about it but I'm also very iffy if we
can't solve this problem physically I
think we could maybe and that you say
something like experience is just self
recognition of a system or something
exits so that we could say something
like we experienced in happiness as
nothing else but my sister in
communicating to itself certain
informations and it appears as happiness
because that is easy for the system to
grasp or something like this so they
think we can actually answer
stuff you talked about intentionality
correct
what is intentionally mean our ability
of mental states to have propositional
content what is the ability of our
mental states are propositional content
what does that mean for example that my
belief can be about certain things and
that those certain things can be
fulfilled or not fulfilled not for food
for example my belief that Angela Merkel
is Chancellor of Germany can be true or
false
no there's like there's a distinction
yeah there's a distinction kind of
between an idea versus the actual
physical thing and an idea might not
correspond to any actual physical thing
yes intentionality is basically the
ability to have mental states that are
about things in the world and the
ability of those mental states to be
true or false okay cause physical stuff
cannot be true or false right stone if
that is what isn't but it's not two of
than any sense like recently two or four
sentences kind of yeah that's pretty
that's probably one of them okay wait
hold on so actually I wouldn't so what I
would say is like um like the the idea
itself can't be false but in like the
false statement would be like a like a
normative statement or something so like
for instance like if I make this
statement look like if I make the
statement that got the sky is purple
that idea is true or it's not true but
that idea exists insofar as its
reducible to some some property of my
brain that I have an idea by the sky but
that idea itself in the way that we
understand and have linguistically to
find everything may or may not be true I
don't understand how that stands as an
attack on physicalism though just
because an idea might be not true
doesn't make anything physical untrue no
or did it were by saying that did I just
admit that if there's something
non-physical I'm sorry that was
confusing does that make sense it's very
confusing how stones are supposed to be
true or false and if people are nothing
but stones
how can people have things that are true
or false right so my feeling here and
you're obviously gonna know wave [ __ ]
more about this than I do because it's
your area is it this feels like this
feels like a linguistic trap that we've
fallen into not an actual logical trap
so like if I were to if I let's say we
arrange ink on a paper right
I can draw a circle I can draw a square
I can write a statement birds are black
or birds are blue no matter what
statement I write physically it exists
it doesn't have a true or false value
physically that it always exists now
whether or not the statement itself is
true that there's so much normative
baggage that's loaded into that that
we're no longer talking about any
physical property of the universe
because we would have to get through
[ __ ] we I don't even know how much
philosophy do have to get through to get
some [ __ ] establishing a language and
then understanding idea it feels like
you have to get through a lot of stuff
and at that point yeah so but so by the
time you've gotten to the point of like
parsing a statement and like logically
deducing whether or not a statement is
true or false that that's gonna
correspond to stuff that's way outside
of like the simple well I say simple but
the simple question of is something a
physical property of the universe right
like III does that make sense of it just
it feels like making a statement and
then saying well this statement you know
all rocks are black well that statement
is false and and how can that be how can
you have a physical universe of that
statement is false that statement being
false isn't the same type of false as
saying like whether or not something is
is true or false does that make sense
like well is this contextualism or
something like I feel like we're using
it what I mean when I said something
like Ravens are black we can look
outside in the world and we can check if
levels are black and we can judge based
on those facts so I think it's not
simply stating a taste or an opinion or
something normative it's making a claim
with some kind of content and we can
check this kind of content and yeah [ __ ]
I feel like I don't have the tools to to
toy with us so like I guess like my
feeling is that let's say somebody says
all Ravens are white so they're so some
things as a physicalist I would say that
their brain state is something that
physically exists that statement that
they uttered corresponds to some
underlying brain state that physically
exists but I would also say Ravens are
something in the world that physically
exists as well and they don't tend to be
white I don't think just because they've
made a statement that through all of our
human definitions of how we define words
and how we come up with ideas just
because they've managed to make a
statement that's false that doesn't
correspond to something in the physical
universe doesn't mean that it's not
totally reducible to physical things
just because it represents some idea or
whatever to a person that isn't true I
don't think that is a rebuke against
physicalism I think
mm-hmm or do you not think that's just
wrong do you not agree
can you repeat your point no no that's
fine I'm sorry cuz I'm being very
worried cuz I okay so like let's say
that somebody if somebody utters a
statement that we know to be false right
yeah Raven four right yes
so somebody says Ravens are white so
here are some statements that I think I
can say that are true that I believe is
a physical list that statement was made
by a human okay that idea exists in
their head that is reducible to physical
properties in their brain neurons or
whatever that they have this thought the
thought might be incorrect but just
because that thought is incorrect it's
that thought being incorrect is
incorrect and so far as like ah [ __ ] I
have to I would have to think about this
what a phrase is correct would prevent
the word what we prevent the word in the
wrong way Oh share something it is
something we presented right and that's
not the case yeah I just don't see why
that necessitates a non-physical thing
to describe anything that's happening
there because everything that we're
talking about ultimately can still be
physically deduced
so good yes right but we have to show in
what sense the proposition is the
apparent position of the content right
the ability to be true or false and to
have to be about stuff how that can be
reduced because on like kima Fatiha
it seems like stones cannot be true or
false and if we are nothing but stones
how come there are stuff that in a very
particular very very structured and
organized way hooks up to the word
and can't you check it and stuff like
this I oh man [ __ ] I feel like Oh God is
I feel like I want to say so much but I
just don't have the words maybe this is
what a child feels like like when you
say that a stone can be true or false I
feel like
I it feels to me like we've when we're
when we're evaluating without
something's true or false it feels like
we've moved past like like epistemology
and like and like meta ethics we've
already like snuck like some sort of
normative like claim or whatever I fit
that's what it feels like to me that
with it's not no no when we when we say
whether or not something exists I feel
like we can do this I personally I feel
like we can do this before without any
normative statements that we can do this
purely with descriptive statements
whether we're not something exists but
to make a statement about whether or not
another person's statement about whether
or not something exists or not is true
or false do we not have to do some sort
of normative work there in order to be
able to say that or do you think you
don't have to at all yeah it's one of
intentionality and how we might
understand in tonality physically and
they are they are actually approaches I
try to do that and they're somewhat
successful as they are extremely
complicated they go very deep into
semantics because and the philosophy of
language because when we talk about
intentionality we talk about and
propositional content which is ability
to be true or false we talk about
language and in what sense language is
to a fault yeah like I guess like um go
ahead okay I'm about to just say a lot
of [ __ ] okay and hopefully something
that makes sense so like my problem is
that when we interpret whether or not a
rock thinks that something is true or
false
what what that oh man it feels like that
true or false Nisour t' of of like
normative normative claim that we've
made at some point it like in respect to
something else like a rock we interpret
rocks as just doing things that they do
and we don't think of a rock is is doing
anything that or making judgments about
things that are true or false like a
rock just rolls around and it does
whatever even if it does something that
might be contrary to its own existent
made
rolls off a mountain and falls into a
[ __ ] pit of lava or whatever right
but but we don't like a scribe like like
true or false whatever but like maybe
like a higher intelligent being could
look at humans and say something similar
where humans just we do as we do we just
make statements and we've made symbols
and some things in blah blah blah and
maybe we just we just don't understand
the world and we're making statements
that are just dumb and wrong but it's
just doing things that we do and there
doesn't have to be any sort of greater
explanation for that does anything I'm
saying does this make sense I yeah okay
yeah I'm sorry I don't have the
necessary vocabulary to talk about this
alright good so this simply seems like I
would say wrong sense because we simply
do make statements and those statements
seem to work out in the end in some
sense it's not simply normative stuff
that's really nearly and kunis
unfortunate falseness does not really
exist hold on I don't know I don't know
if I believe that the things do things
do work out on the end that's don't
don't we don't think things only work on
man because we change our language to
fit what works out on the end no okay my
problem is that I actually might kind of
agree with some of you you are putting
which is basically I don't move you I
think that's basically the attempt to
reduce semantics to a pragmatic level
which i think is to this just it seems
really [ __ ] it feels like there's a
lot of groundwork you have to do to get
from like to get from literally like
epistemology up to like a person says a
statement and then evaluating that same
it seems like there's a lot of legwork
to do to get through language and do
that it's like way way more than what
I've ever thought about before that's
what it was like the legwork basically
started in the 19th century and the
first papers water but one I don't know
if you had a quadruped quadruped Vega
was probably the first he was a
mathematician and and he basically
started and the ideas
basically that in language language
always and in figured this always stands
for something else for example if I say
something like moon the moon stands for
live singing in the sky for example and
and sentences can be true or false in
respect to those ten rotates the referee
was the object of reference for example
if I say this was the Moon and Moon
reference as the singing in the sky but
I don't I I thought I point my finger at
the cup or something like this then that
sentence would be wrong because they
denote eight this one sure and that such
structures necessarily necessarily
underlie language and this is not simply
conventional thing but this is about the
nature of language in the nature of
humans in the nature of intentionality
also so in that sense that language is
not purely conventional and normative
and pragmatic but that some underlying
real structures in language is yeah this
I'm just curious to make sure it does
this tie into the idea that or would
this be at all related to the idea that
we gain we gain knowledge through
experience is that it all tied into this
or not at all mmm-hmm so for instance
like we're not capable of just inventing
a language a priori like we necessarily
have to have something that this
language is referring to like we
necessarily need some experience or to
become a claimant and this is one that
was that more recently in the 50s or
something people actually believe more
in fleiger I don't think he cares very
much about cat very much about
experience in this classical semantics
[Music]
later on however people were very hugely
aware of for pragmatic everything
actually yes so I would I would say yes
experiences a hugely important
however not for this very classical
realist view mm-hmm
in a sense I don't know if you want to
go deep in this topic because I think
it's extremely complicated yeah the cow
is like I like so much fundamental stuff
especially who's gonna be you hand
walking me through it and I'm not gonna
be able to disagree with you on anything
cuz I just yeah basically the idea that
an answer to a problem of internet
intentionality would be to to trying to
solve this content aspect of words right
so the ability of sentences to be false
or true in like any purely referential
way so that we don't need something
special like meaning or something like I
was like meaning we don't need meaning
of words we simply need to know what
words stand for we don't invent what
they stand for
it's supposed to be explained purely
physical that's a basic idea okay so in
the sense when I say something like I
believe Angela Merkel as a Chancellor of
Germany or something like this I could
explain the content aspect of this
purely physical by knowing in which
possible worlds subverts angle America
points to us which people you basically
every single word is corresponding to
some from physical entry right sure
exactly so I believe so I as you believe
as a mind stay that unglue Merkel
another entity that exists in the
universe is is a verb that describes
physical properties and then the
Chancellor of Germany is like a
universal thing that examiner yeah yeah
yeah in but also additionally we would
not only say this but also need to do
this about every possible world because
we don't want to say with Angela
Merkel's just this person but everything
that would be angular miracle something
like this oh yeah sure
okay sorry this was probably too long
another more I said easier argument
against some kind of materialism often
called the dimension argument and the
main point in of this argument is said
if the material isn't real to be true
just for me you don't know supervenience
or something like this where I don't
know why supervenience is very fancy for
the perfect eternal that's supervenience
yes never heard of it before hold on
okay okay
philosophy supervenient refers to a
relation between sets of properties are
such as facts access to the supervene on
Y if and only if some difference in Y is
necessary for any difference in X to be
possible the basic argument is something
like for materialism to be true they
need to be more physical things than
mental things right because when we want
to reduce mental things onto physical
things we need more physical things
sentimental things otherwise us wouldn't
make sense otherwise it wouldn't have
meant a neurological state for a thought
yeah I understand what for send you a
lot to share that those are the
supervenience thing right kind of what
plays into it yeah this is necessary
concept to kind of formalize okay gotcha
okay yeah I understand okay and they are
know many possible ways to create more
mental states than physical states wait
how wait a minute
for example I can say something like I
[Music]
believe I'm bulimic as a Chancellor of
Germany and I can say something like
Stephen believes that lots of beliefs
that Angela Merkel is a Chancellor of
Germany and I can Steven can say
something like massive believes that
Stephen believes that Martin believes
that Angela Merkel is
all of these nights still only represent
like a single mind state though no no
they're different different states
different different oh no I'm sorry when
I say they all represent a single mind
state what I mean is it like as soon as
you create one mind state this person X
believes Y and then someone else as well
X blues Y that believes Z or whatever
right well once somebody has changed to
something different than the last one
ceases to exist so there's still like a
one-to-one correlation between like
minds and brains right this is supposed
supposedly not mind send you mean do you
mean your logical statement yes okay so
what I'm saying so you're saying that I
could create an advanced neurological
state like I could create plenty of
these but what I'm saying is sure but
only one can exist at any given point in
time because it's yes into it in such a
way like for example inference is called
like a beliefs P and then P I believe a
believes P and then B believes that a
believes that P and a believes that
people Eve's at a believes that P in
tacos
we can create an infinite amount of of
mental states but sure and they are only
a finite amount of well okay wait if
we're gonna play that game then I would
say that's not true we can't create an
infinite amount of mental states that
will the other run out of ink will run
out of people to believe something or
we'll run out of right we can't okay
granted see how about but seems to be a
possible amount of infinite mental
states no well not if you're gonna hold
on because intuitively I want to say yes
but if we're stretching this to its
actual limit I don't think I can believe
in infinity as a concept of anything
because if I believe in a physical
universe I can't have infinity because
there's a there has to be a limited
amount of matter in the universe so
there can't be an infinite arrangement
of things aren't infinite possible you
look really there right no no no it's
only a problem it's only a problem if I
presuppose that their infant
mental states but if I say well no
reasonably there is going to be a limit
to the number of mental states we have I
mean I was like math or something what
there's a limit in the number we
actually have that are actualized 100% I
agree with you however it seems to make
sense that infinite to be possible
mental states no because right I can
Intuit integrate I can I can go
infinitely this is this is yeah you're
correct no you're right you have to be
yeah because you could simply say that
your mental state is somebody believes
the number one and then two and then
three and then you could do that
infinitely right or something sure
there's probably a little bit more
complex because we can actually do
remember purely syntactically
so that we don't need to assume well
thanks that because whatever argument
you were about to make those sounds like
I could use that against you
were you gonna say that like four
numbers like we can say the numbers are
invented things or whatever they don't
necessarily correspond to anything in
the world would be something something
like we don't invent numbers in the same
way we would invent some sentences
because numbers is also very like
prerequisite heavy in like piano
arithmetic arithmetic this is Vedic is
arithmetic of natural numbers we only
need one number we only need zero we
don't need any other numbers everything
else can be derived from from zero so we
only need one thing basically however
was mental states we can actually say
get two we need more than one thing we
did I don't know if that's true but I'll
go I'll grant it go ahead I'm trying to
think is like for instance like for
computers right we only need one we only
need one thing we only need a binary
state right like I won or no and then
through transistors or whatever we can
you know like we do logic gates and all
that should we can get up weakened yeah
I I would also argue that computers are
not able to treat
mention it amount of numbers and the
argument is if they are or maybe maybe
you can revise your opinion if you want
to right if you want to go later hope
that it doesn't lead to a stupid
conclusion I want to revise something
you can obviously yeah for sure yeah
question if we assume that an infinite
amount of possible mental states then it
seems pretty weird if there is only a
finite amount of possible physical
states yeah it seems hard yeah sure the
brain is only a finite amount of
particles probably right and finite
amount of particles have finite amount
of combinations and computations so
there's less physical states and mental
states possible let me think let me
think about that for a second okay I
don't want to go too fast and see well
it like it's intuitive me for me to
believe you that there are an infinite
amount of mental states yeah yeah I'm
sorry anything amount of possible mental
states but I'm not sure if that's
actually true the consequence would be
of a physical list
no they don't say only finite amount of
yeah but that number is seen seen is
seemingly infinite so like an exam like
something that I would say is like in
any given game like you know League of
Legends right mm-hmm there are it would
seem that there are an infinite
combination of ways that games could
play out like based on how you move in
any particular pixel or any particular
square or like even though like mentally
I would say well yeah infinitely like
and this number is probably something
that is greater that the number of this
is probably greater than the number of
atoms in the universe it's probably
bigger than two to the sixty-two power
whatever how much like that that's
probably how many combinations because
how many permutations probably it
probably far exceeds that and that
that's close to infinite but it's not
actually infinite and we both know that
because we know that the system works
under some kind of constraint and for
the human mind but now the problem is I
don't know if I'm just pretty supposing
my conclusion because I'm gonna tell you
well the mind works under the same
physical constraint but that's because
I'm a physical list right
yes for example one postman Chet said
something like - in a finite amount
infinite amount of possible mental
states if the idea would be that I can
draw an inference key Marta for example
that a believes P and B beliefs at a
believes that P and a beliefs are P
beliefs at a believes that P and P
beliefs at a believes it he believes
that a believes that P and so forth and
I can I control you the schema and in
the same way that we construct numbers I
can show you numbers I can show you hey
that can lead to infinity there's no
reason right any point in time we
couldn't go on further and that meets
infinity well is that true though
because at some point a human mind can
only hold so much of a thought no it was
some point you have to start writing it
down and with the rules change at that
point all right this is complicated
because I only want to talk about the
possible states and not sexual so I
would agree if we if we were to
actualize all states see the human mind
couldn't do it there's not enough time
in the Union so the problem is like I
have to fight you on this for the same
reason that you talked to me earlier
because if I grant you this then then
physicalism can't logically follow right
unless I were to give you a reason why
it seems weird I feel like I can't I
feel like I just don't have the leg work
to do this conversation I feel like I
just don't know enough I feel I really
do I feel like I think there's a lot
here that I want to talk about but I
just I feel like I'm just not I can't
you know I think I think lots of
physicalist would simply accept I think
that there's you know there's a
potentially infinite amount of or an
infinite potential of mental states no
oh that's that's what I want to feel
right yeah but I feel like I can't I
don't have I can't mount an accurate
attack against what you're saying but
what you're saying doesn't feel right to
me but I don't know enough to that's why
I think conceptually you physicalism is
problematic not in its content right I
don't believe in Souls
however may be saying stuff like they
are only physical stuff it's two
problems yeah I think not for
physicalist would probably simply accept
that there's a finite amount of possible
mental states and they would be happy
with it this is it but this is
problematic in a sense from math
mathematic and stuff where seemingly
infinite stuff exists and we do very
important things with infinite stuff
right and if it works in math why can't
it work in this case and wait are you
just i'm just curious just to see how
this relates we're also real quick
I'm sorry [ __ ] because I haven't been
talking train wrecks give to me like 20
subs earlier thank you very much and
then invader I don't know if it's a V or
VY I actually don't even remember how to
pronounce her name I don't know she ever
said OS and boots about UV or why but
the invader person hosted me as well
thank you very much appreciate it okay
do you believe that do you believe that
are you a mathematical realist or
mathematical aunty realist
[Music]
well yeah because because if we're gonna
start appealing to math here if we view
it in totally different ways then I
don't know big scope so like for me I
don't believe that I don't believe okay
[ __ ] okay so like cuz I would be I think
I'm consider because servants of a man
that all anti-realist differentiation is
very basically the most people are okay
it's an accurate description of the
reality of the universe of possible
worlds or something like this I agree
with that that it is an accurate
description here ok so then you'll
probably be also ok maybe you're not a
platonist
if you want to say something like this
you don't believe that there's a heaven
where numbers exists or something he
makes us now but mmm realists probably
same thing you know say things like math
is simply an accurate description of the
reality of the universe or something
like this
anti-realist would probably be
constructionists or intuitionists and
they would say something like in a world
without humans math wouldn't exist yes I
agree with that
is that a constructionist or
constructionist with both saying okay
and today wouldn't agree that in a world
without humans two planets is the same
two plus two planets would eat before
plane and say would say this would make
no sense
oh wait no hold on [ __ ] that sounds I
guess like what I guess like the way
that I understand it is like if with two
plus two planets would always equal four
planets but the concept of two and the
concept of four Doudna aren't found
anywhere in the universe so these are
concepts that these are categories I
guess whatever it's crazy that the
concepts we don't have the concept of
tour as a concept before no world
without humans however we have we have
root of logic or something like this
that I think people would be refined
versus another argument that is brought
up oftentimes in regards to materialism
follows a similar strategy towards one
of influence it also tries to construct
an infinite amount of of mental state
and say or not an infinite amount but a
bigger amount of mental states and
physical state and say there's as
problematic in some times and I think
it's pretty it's fascinating in a sense
because when I have I as a person can
talk about my own neurological States
right I don't I don't know the answer to
that I to a fancy apparatus and I put my
head in it and I can I could
theoretically like see my right and you
want yeah usually like and using like
another tool yeah it seems like we can't
investigate these things on our own like
for instance I can know intuitively how
much is serotonin I have in my brain but
I could you know
reignover but we can use tools to find
out what urological state we have right
yeah I believe so yeah yeah sure
do you think we can believe some state
to be warmer than 40 that's also the
state itself to be false
yeah right if I get something from the
doctor we're assuming that the
instruments are it's not something
stupid like an instrument isn't
calibrated correctly or something right
I can believe this is wrong this is
right no it should assuming everything
is like why would correctly you're not
gonna say well what if the machine is
broken then I would say that any brain
scan should be just as accurate is
detecting like white blood cells or some
level of vitamin in your blood that it
should be true it shouldn't be able yes
sorry I can believe the irrational thing
that this is wrong
print out you could be it could a person
okay wait hold on sorry let me make sure
I'm understanding are you asking exactly
if a person could believe that it's
right or wrong or if it could actually
be right or wrong yeah oh yeah any
person could believe any individual
thing at any point in time yeah yes okay
okay and those beliefs themselves would
be neurological right they would
correspond neurological States yeah for
example if the belief that print out a
is wrong and the belief that print out a
is right would both be separate
neurological state word correct and we
get printed for those states okay also
correctly yeah and we can again say that
all states are wrong were right about
each of those pinholes again so about
filter B and print RT I could say B 1
and B 2 because B 1 is I believe P to B
right
and I believe it we own and about the
pill don't see I could also go and say I
believe P dot C to be right in the
belief without
seated we want what the problem that now
arises that we can also do this till
infinity and we would get more mental
states so in physical states because
this is
product we have actually yeah it feels
like we've restated what we basically
said earlier though right very similar I
just don't know enough about language I
don't think it because this is what it
feels like I'm hung up on is it's got to
be a language thing because I don't
think that big well no no because the
problems I keep begging the conclusion
when I ask you a question because what
I'm gonna say is there can't be an
infinite arrangement of neurons in the
mind in order to produce these mental
states on a need go well of course
that's why it's not physicalism but i'm
presupposing all my questions are super
begging every favorite question i think
we don't know i mean i don't know enough
to disagree with you it's like yeah i
can't even do anything yeah
it's simply the formulation of
materialism might be problematic or may
be different and this is something that
i agree with actually I heard an
argument that was very compelling to me
and there's that maybe this is stupid
maybe is just compelling me because I'm
dumb but it's basically the idea that
everything will always be physicalism
even if it's not physical because let's
say that you find something but it's
supernatural but you figure out a way to
measure to understand it you'll just
redefine it as physical so of course to
the physicalist everything is physical
because that's how you see the universe
whatever it was like something like that
I've heard as well which is interesting
I think about as well yeah [ __ ] I mean
yeah up [ __ ] I mean you can if you want
I guess you can like email me a couple
articles or whatever and I can train
like read [ __ ] but like it might just be
that like physicalism is so presupposed
and literally every single thought I
have that it's very hard for me to step
outside of that and actually consider
something not physical I guess I think
most people would agree with you I think
our intuition to what physicalism are so
incredibly strong said everything else
mode surrounded even MA for logical
stuff like this I think our intuition
regarding physicalism extremely strong
yeah but then when we go into the master
but that the most fundamental aspects of
our existence though camp
explained by physicalism which is like
the big right this is where like
soloff's is and [ __ ] comes some like I
don't even know if you have a mind which
is a pretty basic like tenant of human
existence right are the other people
around me thinking like I do so that
that's kind of shitty that there's
nothing there's no like way you can make
there right yeah I guess so you hardcore
physicalist Center I was putting forward
is like a property dualism I probably
think that both physicalism and and and
property dualism is probably both one I
think also kind of presupposing this
inner otter dichotomy that there's a
mental thing and there's physical world
outside I think this is maybe of what we
are trying to explain it's a moment this
is very complicated you I'm in this case
just for the memes are you a moral
realist or anti-realist what is so what
is moral realism mean to you I guess can
be specified on may be subject so I what
does it mean to be a realist so like do
you believe that ethics are like a
property of the universe that can be
discovered or that ethics would still
exist of all humans were to disappear or
what do you think ethics come from or
where they exist just curious okay I
would say I'm probably a very it's
called so it's basically saying that
humans have objective value that is part
of the humanity that's pop of being
human in the same sense that human
irrational is this all just lay is this
literally like just axiomatically put
forth or yeah
all right okay all right well yeah well
I mean it seems to me because other than
that then you just you're real edgy and
you say no one is about you and suck my
dick and then you can't really want to
be friends with you guys when you're in
your appeal to pragmatism it makes sense
yeah why should people believe you so
one of my without getting too far back I
think it's important to be able to
convince other people of what is true
and false and materialism gives us we
have ways or that we can measure things
in a materialistic universe and we can
get into arguments over what is correct
like what action ought we take in
regards to whatever moral systems were
using based on measurements that we make
in the physical universe if somebody
wants to become non-physical with their
arguments then they can start to make a
whole bunch of normative claims that I
can never refute so for instance a
person ought to sacrifice their child at
the age of four because some God tells
them to well if your non-physical list
and I have no way to test that you eat
morally your statement is correct
because it conforms to your values but I
don't want that statement to be correct
because it doesn't conform to mine and I
can't argue with you right because I
can't argue with any non material system
does that make sense and you would say
that yeah so yeah so I think the
framework I would use it would be
consequentialism to optimize yeah yeah
so basically any ten people in any room
I would hope if they were ten people
that were perfectly logical people that
they would be able to argue amongst one
another about a system would produce the
most happiness for all of them in regret
and they would have to do it in a
materialistic fashion because as soon as
any one person brings up any non
material thing every other person has
lost the ability to communicate with
that person it feels that way yeah mm-hm
like for instance if I tell somebody
that racism is wrong but they tell me
well my my creator told me that that
this group of people is inferior to that
group of people how can I ever convince
this person out of their position are
going to persuade spiritual things are
very difficult to to argue this I think
not all spirituals not all non material
for example a an argument always but
lots of times put forward against
materialism is presupposes non-material
things because for you to convince me
you need to isn't that reason seem to be
non material well this is where we get
into like this is cancer this is
epistemology cancer this is where we
have to get into areas where I would say
well like things like logic and reason
are kind of just granted to us off
priori and now I'm using the axiom
excuse kind of right I would just say
that well things like reason are a
priori and then I at some point we have
to presuppose you know what I'm really
curious about that I is and obviously we
can never do this but in the perfect
philosophy like no moral world is if you
were to raise humans with no senses with
like no no eyes no ears no ability to
gain information from the outside world
I wonder what I Prairie experiences they
would have like what would a person that
can't see or hear or experience the
outside world still understand like the
law of non-contradiction or the law of
identity do you think that's a really
loaded question I don't know I'm just
I'm super curious on that I think I
would have answered very different two
years ago but at the moment I probably
think we would that those things
wouldn't be humans there wouldn't be
humans without experience no you know
yes I believe very that's a good
argument for a boy
I believe that humans without experience
and piss out a word to live in I'm not
humans but do you believe but regardless
whether neither him is that's not the
interesting question the interesting
question is would they be granted would
they still have access to the same a
priori hmm truths
it seems that humans don't normally have
access to this fossa probably one of
most important issues in German idealism
[Music]
Kant would say yes say they definitely
would have still a pretty experiences
and life experiences a priori intuition
it again and know you're really central
go ahead Antigua would say no they are
those are abstract universals and
extract universals always lead to
problems we need complete universal
surface universes that are only that you
only get through a dialectical process
of experience for example so here that
we could do math without having things
to do math with what you do problems
okay does this tie into like like
empiricism versus rationalism is this
related to that however I don't think
with siegerland comes okay I don't think
maybe maybe not gotcha
wait is it I'm sorry I'm just kind of
remember this [ __ ] does I'm don't like
empiricists say that you can like in
order to have information you you
necessarily have to build these off of
experiences but rational let's say that
you can get to a lot of stuff like just
using our ear knowledge or is this not
true I'm very hesitant okay yeah
probably cuz I super loaded I don't
understand
I got you okay um because yeah yeah
they're pretty about it
and not in a bad sense you need to
categorize yeah but you might be saying
yes and I might have a totally different
understanding of these words those terms
are usually like backward looking weak
instructions to make things easier for
us
founded in to think of themselves
probably okay I gotcha
maybe no you answer to my question right
why should I believe you yeah I just
said that you would simply would assume
that exist um should I believe a
physically oh yeah yeah yeah yeah so if
you're like a non-physical list or our
duelist or whatever or somebody that
believes in non material things how does
a materialist ever convince you a
normative way of anything yes because so
argumentative often brought up that
materialist need reasons and arguments
and stuff like this
and all seem seem to be non-physical the
physicalist mean would consequently need
not to show reasons or make arguments a
would to need to show causes but because
causes exist in the physical world but
arguments would be stunned this is yeah
so I guess like my my my argument my
next step it would really be it would
really depend on what type of non
physicalist we're talking about here
because I think we can both agree that
not all non physicalists are the same
that somebody that somebody for instance
for you saying that all humans have
value or whatever that's probably a
different type of non-physical statement
than then somebody saying like some God
is commanding me to do some action
probably mmm would you agree that or
would you not agree with that do you
think these are the same welcoming with
the same commitment so we have a lot of
problems right because I have reasons
for my for my for my exit so just
because the Exim doesn't mean they're
like unfounded sure I guess I don't
fantasize just like not all non-physical
statements are gonna be the same in
terms of the way they carry so like
certain non-physical statements and
promotes be okay with but like there are
certain like yeah cuz it seems like
there are certain types of a priori
experiences that are granted to all
humans and so like if somebody's going
to disagree with me over like the law of
identity I can't really have a
conversation with a person and I'm okay
calling them crazy but if somebody's
going to have like a statement but
somebody's gonna make a statement that
that is non-physical in other ways like
all humans have value these seems to be
things that we can have conversations
about there's a difference between our
outside wait Mike I'm sorry there's a
difference tween statements that are
like basic operator experiences versus
statements that are like much heavier
than that like related to like gods or
spirituality right yeah I don't know
what exactly the differences are how to
quantify it but I definitely feel like I
would call a lot more people than you
literally in Tennyson seeing the people
you talk this yeah I think this
basically those main arguments I wanted
to put forward whereas a certain
dimension argument that about many we
have more mental stuff than physical
stuff that needs to Frankie sings the
buiiet sings I think that's a super
interesting one especially the one with
the printouts yeah it seems very
plausible that we should be able to
talk about our own neurological States
and this however leads to more mental
states and neurological States and maybe
maybe something is good maybe yeah
or it's something really complicated to
do with the theory of language that I
don't know how to talk about so baby
yeah I'm sorry I don't want to like oh
yeah no no no you're fine
yeah it doesn't feel that way that
argument was not proven but there's a
more general structure that potent
potent right like when you support n 4
for 16 this is white okay oh the
fricatives effect over at factors oh
yeah this is a case yeah I will consider
this and I will talk about it in the
future and try to read it a little bit
more I'm not going back
yeah okay all right well I appreciate
the conversation buddy thanks a lot okay
that was okay that wasn't bad I thought
it was me real bad
