what's happened in Europe in the last 12
months you had a lot you want to left
you are prepared to let white women get
raped by Muslim immigrants I mean there
there are there people who prepare to be
raped themselves under most of the
context you claimed he said that's he
said Europeans in favor of immigration
want their women to be read by Muslims
how did you say that based on this I see
the similar words but you somehow
twisted it that's kind of what Sam
Harris said he pretty much said that
there are people willing to get raped
themselves even to defend Muslim
immigration right like he never said
that man this honest it's like it's
incredibly dishonest it's some good
atheist memes and addresses that guys
last point about atheism being a
lose-lose situation
we have lost mad money Bernie will win
85% will buy it in us killing it in the
polls right now what is it like 40
points five minutes at like 40
percentage points and Bernie's at like
15 or something although it's still
early but why do people like Biden
because people like to Obama
was that John Zurcher guys so [ __ ]
standing neutral every time he's on he's
just like the goal is to be as obnoxious
as [ __ ] constantly just gets really old
really fast
you want my huh here is the only true
I'm gonna give you the only true hot
take on the n-word okay are you ready
are you ready here's the only true hot
take on the n-word if you're white you
just can't say it it doesn't make sense
there is no good argument there is no
good reason the whole thing about like
it's our culture is [ __ ] because
[ __ ] Hispanic people and [ __ ] could
say it and nobody gets mad all right
there are plenty if I even [ __ ] I've
seen even Asian people that could
[ __ ] say it depending on who they are
and how they talk and they're okay right
it's just it's some [ __ ] you just
can't do it just don't it's not a
[ __ ] it's just not an argument that
you ever want to [ __ ] do it's just
it's not there's not like a good reason
for it it's just a [ __ ] cultural
thing that's it dude like how can I and
like one quick thing to this triggers a
[ __ ] yesterday why did you turn me down
[Music]
excuse me hold on density why did you
turn me down
why am I not good enough for you now you
only going get in here destiny okay like
first of all this idea that there are
all these people pushing that being 700
pounds is healthy we're talking about
like fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe
like the fringes of the fringe like
generally you don't have people saying
like 700 pounds is healthy these are
like the one or two off Instagram
accounts okay it's like ultra cringe to
when cutie Cinderella brings up that it
is absolutely a fact that like Size Zero
is like the default must be pretty like
if you guys actually looked up like what
Victoria's Secret plus-size models look
like it would blow your [ __ ] mind you
would never look at those people for
those from the [ __ ] up you [ __ ] idiot
Jesus Christ you live [ __ ]
[ __ ] an hour okay quiet John let him
finish like if you look at what
plus-size models actually look like a
what's considered plus-size it's pretty
insane like incredibly rigid beauty
standards that are pretty much set for
like women and then to some extent for
men too in terms of size but not as
rigidly as for women so like this idea
like we have to be really careful
because there are some extremists on the
internet when by far the most common
message in society is hardcore pushing
women to look a certain way I think it's
kind of disingenuous
okay that's pretty strong Manning but
all right I'm Silas land [ __ ] you
want to harm society by telling them
they're beautiful I'm fat and blah blah
blah
oh [ __ ] up this okay do you want to see
five hundred dollars right now we can
both run through Google Scholar we can
look at the evidence and if shaming
people over their body that's not that's
not productive go ahead we can do it
like it's just a fact that it doesn't
work like shiny people over how they
look it doesn't work it's never worth
what are you willing to put five hundred
I don't wanna posture okay john-john
zurka destiny has come up with three
three three studies that prove his point
that fat shaming makes things so here's
a PubMed one our results indicate that
rather than encouraging people to lose
weight weight discrimination promotes
weight gain and the onset of obesity
implementing effective interventions to
combat weight stigma and discrimination
at the population level could reduce the
burden that's called fat acceptance by
the way I single-handedly do so you just
went by the way you're probably fatter
than me but you just went from saying
that society is not a way and I just
said that it is away and now you said oh
well it is that way because of you you
literally just ran the [ __ ] gone a
lot of rubbish you literally just ran
the globe us you went from saying it
isn't like that and now you're saying
well it is like that but it's your fault
somehow I guess on this ok all right
John your Bitcoin isn't
profit wait what it would have had to
have jumped whoa
Oh baby where are the [ __ ] talkers in
chat my facebook stock is exploding my
bitcoins are coming back going to 15k I
think I'm almost I think I'm like three
or four months away from being able to
sell this stock - oh and a big [ __ ]
look at the fourth clip of the day from
aphromoo clip of the day
fourth place housing now it's not it's
all good maybe one my personal favorite
is pretty much s Jamie Jamie Mon said
hey I mean honestly you could just move
these up why do people do people
actually like Jamie Jones okay how we
doing on our leader boards boys we're
still not there
we're in fifth place with afro bots what
do you mean by waiting one year to
suspect rounding taxes if you sell a
stock after holding it for a year then
it you get taxed as like capital gains
tax because like rich people tax meaning
it's not much but if you sell it within
less than a year you've got to pay it on
ordinary income like you're earning it
poor people pay which is higher I
thought it was one year everybody wait
this is the second person saying two
years short term capital gains is tax on
profit from the sale of an asset held
for one year or less long term capital
gains the sector products for syllabus
and help for more than one year yeah I
don't know where I don't know why people
check is in two years that's the second
person assumes the second person I've
seen say that you don't hold big one for
you right it's not a tax on capital
gains with some commodity [ __ ] I'm
pretty sure it's still a year for
Bitcoin I think what I'm not sure I
don't know what happened today that made
this jump so much holy [ __ ] it's been
like crazy lately okay was black
reaching into his car like already you
can tell this cop is a huge piece of
[ __ ] too because nine times out of ten
in a case like this when a cop's not
trying to be a [ __ ] [ __ ]
they're gonna tell you like dude you
need to remove this and feel like I
don't want to ruin you listen if you
don't remove it I'm gonna [ __ ] arrest
you and take you to jail okay like I'll
book you if you don't [ __ ] take it off
your car and like most do like okay
[ __ ] I'll take my car my job the fact
that he didn't get the guy an option
means the guys 100% looking to [ __ ]
to [ __ ] tow his car like I don't know
what are you dick move I don't know why
they dude I can pay for it because it
doesn't [ __ ] bother me because I'm
[ __ ] wealth you know but dude when
you're like when you're not richest [ __ ]
getting your car towed is some hyper
[ __ ] stressful [ __ ] when you're not
loaded getting another dry anywhere it
can be a huge pain in the ass one if
you've got two things are even more
complicated cos and you got to get your
kid home from [ __ ] daycare whatever
and then three getting your car out of
an impound lot that [ __ ] can be [ __ ]
expensive like 200 [ __ ] dollars on
top of whatever ticket you have to pay
on top of sometimes I'll charge you an
extra 70 bucks or whatever for the
[ __ ] toe and then on top of that if
you don't have the money to get it out
that [ __ ] night you can get charged
every [ __ ] day for the car being in
there and on top of that some tow lots
will charge you if it's a Friday and you
can't get it till Monday they'll charge
you to hold over the [ __ ] weekend
that [ __ ] is [ __ ] up dude tow lots in
America are so [ __ ] holy [ __ ] alright
guys listen
if you download the Dib dev app oh wait
[ __ ] top clip of the day after I bot oh
we did it
acrobats going 100 bucks okay either
this is boom Stinney being a [ __ ]
boomer or this is destiny being
oblivious to the fact that game fa Q's
did not exit I can't imagine a time
before game FAQ I'm not going to say the
actual name and the way because I know
people are gonna be like ha you're
saying the f-word
oh okay hold on I gotta figure how
triggered do I want to get so firstly if
you're talking about the website
gamefaqs okay a lot of those
walkthroughs were [ __ ] [ __ ] okay we
were really far away from having man
back in the day if you wanted to get
like a good walkthrough for your game
you would divide the [ __ ] prima brady
game strategy guide you would hope that
good [ __ ] was getting posted on game
facts in you to check it daily for
better updated walkthroughs because a
lot of those things were garbage like
eventually the site came around and a
lot of high quality [ __ ] was submitted
but like I mean those were hit or miss
all you just go and get like every
single piece of information constantly
and getting information that days was a
huge pain in the ass because we didn't
have [ __ ] laptops he would have print
that [ __ ] out and you had to take pages
of [ __ ] upstairs with you to your
[ __ ] PlayStation or whatever like
[ __ ] dude it was a lot harder than it is
today they did exist to some form but it
wasn't as ubiquitous as it is today
[Music]
