and uh welcome everybody to Nome stones
and catacomb whatever so episode
nineteen really yeah I'll buy it
welcome to um Soames catacombs everybody
how you guys all doing this week do an
amazing coiba why are you doing so
amazing you know today and I'm alive and
we graced with Stephens presents for
once then weeks so very excited to hang
out with everybody hangout session for
all of us sake it's the only one I get
yeah
visitation to visitation with Steven
yeah Sam nice job guys Supriya before we
delve into what happened last session
where we are right now does anyone have
anything they want to bring up I really
hope everybody feels the purpose inside
of them driving their character
decisions purpose then it sounds like
you should probably acquire some out of
character purpose if you have no purpose
because people have been asking for ages
Lilly I'm sorry if you don't have any
you're probably [ __ ] well why don't
you go over your purpose then kuhmo my
purpose is hidden from the group you
guys don't need to know my purposes but
I'm very much I don't want to share my
purpose I don't need to share my purpose
with you don't worry I don't want you
out of character metagaming me yeah
you'll know my purpose when I toast you
okay okay when I disguise toast you in
the face you'll know what my purpose is
I would look forward to your stupid evil
wonderful exactly the sort of unity I
hope for a group facing some amount of
trouble so since no one has anything
they wish to share why don't we go over
where we left off last session cuz you
guys were kind of in a bind when we
ended oh yeah without locks leadership
to guide them through conversations I
see that we've gone ahead and revealed
every single thing that we've been up to
over the past few adventures nice track
we're in a good spot honestly
all right cool so here is a quick map of
the hall and why don't we drag y'all
onto this come on they're gonna save the
prison owns like damn okay
I'm not retconning I would like us to
revisit our prior conversation I
remember explicitly saying that as soon
as these guys started going off on some
real dumb [ __ ] that me and pearl we're
backing up like oh yeah backing any
crowd kuhmo and pearl had backed up to
here well Barbeau and Gerald are still
out front somewhere I can populate this
with NPCs as well let's get some of our
favorites pop them around over here dude
dude nice try Koivu I'm not a murder
hobo
and about to kill the Queen just take me
to prison and then let's grab some
actually this shouldn't be nights these
should be guards there we go much better
something like this with guards along
the walls as well just to make sure
everyone is safe and sound and then we
also have a mage near the Queen limit
and
a cleric near the Queen where you'll
amazing you thanks am funny actually
they should be swapped with guards and
then let's see if with Queen token so
when we laugh look last left the party
y'all were under arrest
well when you say y'all when I say y'all
I mean these two front and center and
whoever else they were traveling with
not us yeah not you guys except for that
you were clearly up there a few minutes
ago isn't it like a crowd of people here
aren't there like a lot of girls there
there ought to be yes should be yeah
mm-hmm but you know luckily for
them they keep the doors closed as I did
mention before you know so people don't
leave and disappear in the middle of
these meetings so you have backed into
the crowd and these two people front and
center are being arrested
does anyone resist no but I will say we
were with those people back there are
you serious oh I can't wait to PvP we
are not the criminals we only observed
and reported a crime
we have no fight with you all everything
will be explained in time I drop my
hands Oh whispers leave it no Mishra the
trial she calls as her knight step
forward to arrest you leaving one behind
the two of you are arrested your
backpacks and anything that is on you
other than your clothes is immediately
taken off of you including your staff
just just clothes shoes whatever and the
two of you are escorted out to the
mumbles and rumors and whispers everyone
else in the hall and after the two of
them have been led away the Knights come
and take a look through the crowd for
kuhmo and pearl and the people in the
crowd have seen you up there before and
as the Knights move fall or they sort
makes space for kuhmo and pearl our
people like pointing us out or if we
were to maybe disappear maybe nobody
would notice or it's not so much like
how do you say when someone they're sort
of like trying to give you space so they
see oh that guy was up there and those
people in arrested I'm just gonna step
three feet away from this guy he's right
there but there are like pockets of
space being created around you as people
try and like not getting between the
Knights and you all oh my god and they
feet tall can't they just like kind of
blend in with the keno like hide behind
someone's dress right sure sure you want
to evade the police give me a stealth
check to resist arrest oh come on it's
definitely not gonna be additive oh my
wait is yeah you try and hide behind
someone stress but you don't realize
it's one of those like long and back
short in front or vice diverse addresses
so you like hide behind it and then
you're kind of under it and the woman
screams and you know more attention gets
drawn to you Lily and you were accosted
by knights as I'm being dragged away ice
cream
I didn't choose thug life thug life
chose me
[Laughter]
can I slip into a corner and just
quietly cast an invisibility spell on
myself no it's not gonna work I mean if
you want to try you can give me a
stealth check but like them it's a it's
a fruitless effort they're gonna find
you okay yeah excellent
you all get dragged down to the dungeons
and you all get thrown in the same cell
together again stripped of just just
your clothing and your shoes no
instruments your instruments are taken
away from this yes and you guys are
placed in a jail
Oh can I whisper to Gerald jailed we're
gonna have to cancel the thing with
little Jimmy we're not gonna cut
home-baked we're gonna make it like
we're gonna make it down there in a day
we'll see the week is young my friend
well he's got to be there tomorrow but
oh yeah we're probably fact now mr.
wizard do remember that you do not have
an arcane focus or components oh I know
okay cool
just making sure okay all right
once you guys are all tossed in the same
cell together locks turned you know
don't start that web please you're
triggering me into the hallway yep some
time to discuss things before anything
else going on comes near you ourselves
into quite the stupid bind you guys
really don't know how to keep your mouth
shut do you to be in prison I'll kind of
ignore those two and go up to jail what
do you think um I mean we told the truth
I think we should be fine in a trial
right we've done
crimes really well this is a world that
isn't necessarily about crimes right
might be that the queen is in with
vicious don't know really all kinds of
possibilities I think we need to where's
yours
can we call to him he's in the same cell
cell or dungeon isn't he uh yeah he's a
few cells over from you
hey Joris who is it it's just it's the
gnome and friends we came to rescue you
but we cut it out doing a great jump
right now how you doing not that great
yeah um so your message helped we found
the thing but she didn't care what do
you mean well we got the necklace to her
and everything and then she arrested us
she doesn't believe us about all the
crazy stuff about vicious he just gives
a heavy sigh and you can hear like a
body hitting the bars of the cells and
slumping to the ground so we're here to
rescue you great yeah let me know when
the next step comes along okay we're
working on that good good yeah yeah darf
said hi Joris
yeah progress you saw or is it yeah well
I mean we did four we're in jail there's
a zombie left in capri hill under the
the dungeon we found a zombie yeah
that's doesn't bode well I know it was
weird but then we told the Queen I don't
know what do you know anything what's
going on with this Queen do you think
she's um she vanishes yeah you know
considering this is her jail cell and
everything I I kind of feel like not
directly speaking about her I'm sure
these cells have ears yeah she's
probably a great lady I love the Queen
she's matically best queen ever mm-hmm
live the Queen so much better than her
mother Oh God yeah I mean I almost as
good I mean her mother was a wonderful
lady - yes I believe you why did you
steal her necklace drawers you [ __ ]
what I know of um okay so I have a spell
called shatter right mm-hmm so shatter
is a spell that is like super effective
on things like gargoyles or whatever
things that are like made of like solid
stone would I be able to reasonably use
a spell like this - like shatter like
prison bars good question to shatter
work on metal let's find out a creature
made of inorganic materials such as
stone crystal or metal has a
disadvantage on a saving throw for a
spell being used like this each creature
takes damage isn't being worn or carried
it also takes damage so it would do
damage and I would just have to figure
out the HP of metal bars I'll whisper to
the gnome I could probably get us out of
here but yeah I think we should stay put
we could but I don't think we should
yeah I think we should just talk to the
Queen and see what happens I mean we can
escape any time I think I almost fell
Civic our best bet is honestly waiting
it out if anything if push comes to
shove we still have her pardon or her
favor that's maybe we could use as a
pardon if need be
yeah kuhmo before we go all crazy and
break out let's hear what the Queen has
to say and everything what do you think
it's possible by the time she drags us
up there we're all marked for execution
anyway do you think it's a guy but
executions all beer kradic takes a long
time they'll put us back in the cell
then we'll get out no problem we could
add storm I'm just like that one wizard
guy I wasn't aware that Strom Hine
wasn't known for its wide appeals
process it's the biggest city in era
done of course big bureaucracies could
take a long time lots of people that
kill especially lately interesting how
many universities of law do they have
down there and those tunnels you lived
in Nome listen I'm a very educated gnome
okay I'm very smart and I'm telling you
take some time executions a big deal
okay oh yeah Joris what's your list on
the execution
what do you mean are you scheduled
excuse just in jail permanently yeah
think they tell me these things I guess
that's true
so maybe 15 20 minutes later some guards
come in and open all the other prison
cells and take out all the other
prisoners and March them out of this
section of the dungeon into a different
area oh that sounds good you know you
can see joris hands behind his back
I waved yeah he has since Reisler to the
gag around his mouth
apparently he's found a way to get it
off and on my wing and once everyone is
gone a bunch of guards five island some
Knights violin and then the Queen files
in with her wizard at her side mm what's
listen yeah I don't say anything she
immediately takes a key and unlocks her
cell and opens the door and says I am
sorry about the deception count vicious
is a problem that we are all well aware
of but my trusty cleric when visiting to
inspect him came back with a clean bill
of health I can only assume he has been
compromised and I didn't want to tip my
hand to such a vicious man feel pardon
the pun of course of course
so so you're aware of what he's doing
there have been enough accusations that
I am concerned we perhaps some kind of
proof like we maybe could serve you by
going on some sort of quest to
authenticate this and so that maybe what
would you need would you need an army
would you need proof to raise a favor
and the nobles like what what could we
do I can handle that my bigger concern
my bigger question which has that failed
has been addressed by the people I've
sent for it so far is what is happening
in heatstroke and specifically what is
happening between heatstroke and fortune
we all know the
Demon's marched up that way about a year
ago and haven't really been seen since
and fortune was never overrun by them
and count vicious has been busy sacking
cities in the West completely ignoring
some terrifying growing threat in the
East which is right next to him so I
wonder if there is foul play some sort
of interchange between them or he knows
something about them that we don't or he
has something planned for them what is
going on here mm-hmm what I would do
please would be to find out what is
happening in heatstroke because as all I
know now is nothing sailors report weird
lights all scrawling attempts have
failed
I sent a group of men on horseback out
there and they never came back
I sent a group of men on foot out there
and they never came back and I would
like some answers we can find them for
you my queen
seems fair good and once you figure out
what's happening in heatstroke if you
could figure out why count vicious is
not concerned about it that would be a
relief if it is all the same instead of
coming back to you for an audience to
avoid any suspicion I will send you a
private message and we can all meet
somewhere in your city she gives it a
tap on her crown and says I cannot
receive private messages of any kind or
any sort of telepathy as long as I wear
this is there one you trust the wizard
perhaps well your friend
Joris who has been thrown in jail will
be given better accommodations if you
need to communicate with me you can find
do whatever she kind of waves her hand
dismissively Magic's with him and then
he will consult with my wizard and the
two of them will then come to me a
perfect bureaucracy that is agreeable to
all of you yeah I think it is agreeable
is there any chance my queen
that you would loan us a night for our
journey we are simply not it's
unfortunate but in this situation we are
going to have to stage some sort of
prison break from you you will have to
be renegades of the law otherwise our
enemies will be suspicious that's not a
problem
anyone my queen yeah we're pretty used
to that kind of thing so I couldn't get
it down yeah
if maybe there's a specific time that
the guards are just kind of somewhere
else and we'll take care of the rest I
will have it taken care of
yes very good if you could leave the
hope of a jailer on duty so I can speak
with him on the way out I was just going
to let you out through a sally port
hidden here in the dungeons yeah that
works so if you want to go in the front
and fight throw my guards I think I
think the Sallyport sounds great let's
let's do that plan and then on I hope
that after all this is through we'll be
able to redeem ourselves in the eyes of
the law and strong hime what is that is
that reasonable or in the eyes of the
law you have done no wrong as of yet I
appreciate your efforts
the only jailing is to deceive our
enemies I assume we can get all of our
items and whatnot back she nods and
motions to one of the people nearby who
comes over and dumps a big like a piece
of canvas down which has all of your
possessions wrapped up in it sorta like
plops it in front of the cell do I
notice anything missing nope it's all
there right including the stuff that you
had left at the gate oh yeah oh we will
be in touch when we learn something more
of my queen we will head to heatstroke
and find find out what to make of this
whole thing with vicious and the demons
perfect she makes a motion to her left
where you can hear the sound of stone on
stone and once you get out and sell and
take a look down the hallway you can see
that there is indeed a set
of wall that has like been pulled out
and pushed to the side she tells you
this will lead you outside of the castle
walls a little bit north of here you
should come out in a bit of a hill it
should be some brush above you just push
it aside do make sure to hide it again
afterwards I'll whisper to jail real
quick should we ask her if there's
anything that she can do to help us on
our journey or don't be pretty good do
you think we're good um let's let's ask
her for information but we should
probably save the requests for later
since the wake we're yeah yeah I think
we're not in a position of leverage here
my queen is there anything else that you
or your wizard could tell us that would
help us in our in our journey for you I
wish there was all scrying attempts and
scouting attempts have been blocked that
is why you then we'll do our best
the bar bows are at your service you're
my understand are you all are those yeah
we're the BART those kind of a bar bow
for hire but yeah it's it's uh you know
it comes and goes guidance mmm I see
yeah that's Carl you should ask her if
she has another one of those crowns
maybe she has a crowd of bravery for you
it'll help on our adventure ha ha good
one kuhmo thanks thanks for your time
and for not and for helping us out of
any perceived crime and we will go find
you we will go find you the answer to
this quest leave us to the rest please I
am concerned the fate of our people may
rest upon your answers then we shall try
as hard as we can to find them all uh
Wow after she leaves I'll talk to Gerald
gerald we really do need to tell a
little Jimmy or he's gonna be pissed off
that we're not there yeah um how long
are we in the jail cell for maybe half
an hour an hour ok I will tell him
before the day is up I think I'll see ya
he's gonna arrive tomorrow so that's
okay mm-hmm kuhmo Earl what do you think
I mean I'm along for the ride whatever
you guys want to do I'm just glad we
don't have to be in this prison cell cuz
I'm not a prisoner I'm not a bad person
halfling thing yeah I mean you know
pearl I think I perhaps was a little bit
too cross with you before do you think
you can hold yourself up in a fight next
time and then we can fight together see
look I'm trying to be really nice here
but I can also light things on fire and
I snap my finger you know I look older I
will fight I'll fight oh cool yeah glad
we have it understand it's really neat
okay cool I've totally think we can be
friends then alright see let's go escape
from this prison now all fast quickly
pearl what are what are some things that
you can do in combat to like help us out
you've like a checklist that you go
through or something like that um I have
a sword thingy mm-hmm I have I also have
Tasha's hidden you might just let me
tell you me tell you my spells
I mean well I've heard of something
called like Bartok inspiration you are
you able to do that yes that'd be really
useful you use it every time to start of
like a cuz I have a limited amount oh I
thought Bartok inspiration was like a
contra no actually Noah size per day oh
no wow Thank You Carly you know we
should probably start getting out of
here before we the Queen's probably like
getting her garden somewhere else you
guys can head up through the exit it's a
dingy underground passageway that is
unlit but I think you guys have a light
can trip to light your way someone there
think I can cancel a yeah that idea
coiba cool all right
and with that you guys peace out you
make it outside of the walls up through
a ladder at the end of it and into some
brushy-brush I just want to take mental
note of this location like that so that
I kind of get us if I need to do a
nature check or something but I'll do
like I'll just keep a note of like where
this is yeah that's fine yeah
yeah again to the city if you need to
break in for some reason and it's been
like a long time I might have you do an
in checker perception check to find the
exact right spot but you'll have a
mental note of what it would look like
great I'll also send the owl up to scout
120 feet and I'm gonna ritual cast
phantom steed so that we have travel
accommodations all right
cool phantom steed work for all of you I
can cast two of them then it should be
enough to carry everybody there's okay
and then we just have to take like a
50-minute break every once in a while
mmm sure but we'll ride on horseback if
we're so once we're outside the walls
and so are we heading straight to
heatstroke to find out what has happened
to the city what do you all think yeah
that sounds like the best course of
action let's go maybe we should stop for
a moment and think okay
let's not for a moment and think so it's
possible that there are incredibly
powerful figures in these towns more
power for them all we could ever imagine
do we agree yeah so based on what you
told the Queen back there apparently you
have a very powerful artifact that
somebody's holding on to you that's
within our possession don't you think
would make sense to take that object
with us very difficult to get because on
the other side of the world but that was
it right now maybe we should travel
there first to acquire that object and
we can use it to assist us from where we
are right now we would have to travel
down the shelter would to get back to
Jimmy it would take a couple of weeks to
come back another couple of weeks and
then we'd have to go to heatstroke it
would be a very long journey as a detour
to get that I mean what good are we'd to
this Queen if we end up dying on our
adventure because we don't use all the
tools available to us what guy and then
give them one of the most powerful
artifacts and all of the land well I
guess if we're dead we really don't have
to worry about it do we Barbra well
since it's our artifact I don't think
we're gonna bring it is that fair Gerald
the artifact the artifact itself I don't
know how much it will help us in live
combat
boom ow it's a it's a it's a control
based artifact so I don't think we'll
have much time in an actual scuffle to
use it it's not like you know like a
fireball wand or something neat like
that that I wish I had he looks down to
the floor okay we'll keep it in mind for
the future I suppose yeah once we're
back in that area we should grab it um
well then it's a heat stroke then to
heat stroke we go
let's grab for a little party token you
are just north of town how fast you move
on your phantom steed phantom Cetus
fastest he'll let me see we'll probably
want to avoid fortune and move through
golden sea straight across do do we have
do we have any law or knowledge of
what's out there when we traveled
through it from the south there was
there was almost nothing right well
there while it's vast open plains some
creatures some are dangerous but you
know you're where you guys are it's
probably eventually you'll hit this
desert called hourglass and it's just
big rolling sand dune some of which have
been turned into like glassy dunes by
the dragon that has lived there in the
past and then as it walks on the glass
it breaks and kind of shuts up so you've
got areas of sand areas of broken glass
in areas of like very smooth glass does
the dragon still live there as far as
you know it's up here usually living in
the north side of our glass it's a brass
dragon or a bronze dragon you're not
sure which one but it's one of those
good aligned be dragons okay good wine
dragon yeah so might have some something
to help with the demons or something we
ever heard of any stories of the dragon
fighting demons or anything with that no
there's not very many stories of demons
at all they're just usually kids tales
and there's no place or names or events
associated with them this is the first
real appearance anyone's ever heard of
or seen of okay the the phantom steed
both of them can travel at ten miles an
hour to normal
13 miles an hour at a fast pace and that
we just have to recast them every hour
but it takes it 2 minutes 10 minutes 2
minutes 4 - 1 minute per horse okay but
that's okay so you're not ritual casting
them
we are ritual casting them don't rituals
take 10 minutes ritual [ __ ] is the writ
if the casting time of a spell is a
minute then is it the ritual time always
10 minutes I don't know if I be I don't
remember I think it's always 10 minutes
but I'm gonna double-check ritual do you
do either way we'll cast while reading
right so still doing so will increase
the casting time by 10 minutes oh yeah
so we'll just I'll just I'll just time
it so that I'm casting well right in and
I'll assume that I can't do much and I
don't think you can ritual cast while
riding a horse I think I'm not trying to
to hobble you here because I actually
want you to get there as quickly as
possible but I was like a precedent I
don't think we can say ritual casting
while riding horses legit you totes
camera ritual show me show me where I
shall metagame time please do that would
make this overland travel so much easier
if you could do that if you um I had a
question would we know what I know like
as a bar bow in character that like
Dragons of like gold silver like
chromatics
those are like goodwill like mouth
metals or like what don't quote like
good ones and then ones that are just
like straight colors like black white
and like are usually like bad yeah
normally you have the metallic dragons
which are good any dry dragon has a
metal name so gold silver brass bronze
copper and two colored dragons the
chromatic dragons white black blue green
red are the evil one additionally there
are a few other types of dragons that
are scattered about like fairly near to
heatstroke as well like south into the
writing in the water there's a mist
dragon that lives up there named Hyde
Roxas and sort of neither good nor bad
sort of like a neutral
thingy ish they might I was gonna say
would I think if I saw like a Cremora
like a metallic dragon would I think
that they would go out of their way to
help me or they're just not gonna like
go out of their way to [ __ ] who's a good
person that you know in your life but
like particularly close to you like
someone you've never met but is a good
person I someone I've never met but a
good person but is a good person yeah oh
I guess rock Obama yeah person what
Barack Obama go out of his way to give
you a hand probably would probably not I
like maybe if it was something minor
like is on his way to go like sign some
documents for some post presidential
something or other and you're like hey
buddy I need to go that way can I borrow
your motorcade he'd be like yeah [ __ ] I
got your things to deal with all right
quit boo so I have two exhibits exhibit
a you'll see a picture I've sent you
it's Ark mage anti Dyess from Warcraft 3
you'll see he's clearly casting spell on
a horse ok here is number 2 page 203 and
204 in The Player's Handbook normal
activities such as moving and attacking
doesn't interfere with concentration or
casting you said two or three two or
four
yes what breaks concentration or caste
does taking damage being incapacitated
or killed casting another spell that
requires compensation tration mm-hmm
your DM a rule that certain aspects of
travel do interview but that would
interfere but that will be situational
such as a wave crashing over you on a
storm-tossed ship requires you to
succeed at dc-10s Constitution saving
throw so if you think horseback riding
is difficult enough I can roll with DC
Constitution saving throw the maintain
concentration but according to
everything in The Player's Handbook it
really doesn't seem to be that bad yeah
I just think it's gonna be hard to like
perform a ritual like so here's good in
my concentration spell I think it seems
to be fine but when it comes to like the
ritualistic casting of it because in my
mind and maybe this isn't how it works
near mine but in my mind when your
ritual casting something
like moving around an area you're making
some big hand gestures there's like a
whole ritual to the event and I wonder
how much how well you can perform that
like greater ritual that goes above and
beyond the casting when you're like
strapped to something that's bouncing up
and down you know well in a
philosophical sense magic is just
basically like the focus of intent on a
certain outcome right so I can kind of
be on the horse being like I won a horse
here comes a horse I want to hurt my fin
tension is like what concentrated enough
and there it is then the horse appears
so if you want to do like a DC v or d
c---ten saving check to see if I
successfully cast the ritual on the
horse I am down all right I think
phantom steed can be cast as a ritual
from phantom steed back if you can pass
a simp like a dc-10 and con saving fro
like real good example if using my
backpack with that let him cast the
ritual well being like bounced and
jostled around on the horse and then
he's also like in your cramp little bit
I last for an hour you go ten miles an
hour so you're going to need weight
we're doing all of this for horse to go
ten miles an hour is that normal if it
wants to go really fast okay that's what
I'm talking about yeah do you will I
spare the dieing coypu as a can trip do
you have any healing spells whatsoever
back yeah let me like have I given you
access to any healing spells no I only
have shield of faith in commit well I
just put shield of faith and command on
there right so no healing spells spare
the dying's of healing spell oh okay
[ __ ] you Steve alright so you leave I
think we're probably midway through the
day so you can get five hours of travel
which will get you 50 65 miles if you
can pass a couple of checks yeah roll me
some checks just we'll just do one for
each set of horses okay you want a you
want a Constitution saving through them
for concentration yeah
why don't we do that do I just click the
conversation throat yeah where's that
one nice character she i totes it yeah
here we go all right that's one give me
two oh that's actually just one from
Haneda one ooh so you'll botch one
you'll be died a little bit yeah and
then give me a couple more Bob botch
okay I love my I love roll20 dude it's
completely non biased towards me and I
can give you guidance okay after the
first two they're all half day of
traveling you have left Strom Haim in
the dust you are most of the way to
plains view the Bruin city of plains
view and you're on your road is there
anything you guys want to discuss before
you get to these areas or you just eager
and chomping at the bit I want to
discuss how roll20 is racist towards
them also I have my owl scouting 125 120
feet high up the whole time lovely there
the open plains no encounters today next
day as you travel will be I believe
March the 1st each stroke lovely and can
you give me just like 10 jacks real
quick you're doing water room for your
again for your writing cuz you're giving
it every hour 1 2 3 5 6 7 Wow I just
burned all my good roles for the rest of
the but I hope you're happy all right so
you guys can easily get to the edge of
the desert where the earth sort of gets
a little sandy every now and then and
over a period of a couple of miles it
goes from earthy and rocky to sandy
and then you begin to push in to the
sand dunes and you go up one big dude
and down the other side and you start to
walk through an area where there's
broken glass everywhere but your phantom
steeds are fine because I don't even
think they touch the ground and you
start to go like up over another dude
and you come down there's like a big
flat stretch between this one in the
next one
but something about the next dune and
the ground between you and it looks off
its off sand that gets blown with the
wid it it looks sort of like ink and
fleshy I don't see [ __ ] well yeah it's
not on the map I'm giving you know I
mean I roll I roll the one on perception
I literally [ __ ] I'm just chanting I
want a horse
I want it look - pink pink and fleshy
she was it like bigger added ground just
look sort of Oh plus she in the distance
wait
go ahead hey demons on the show there
you go no I just remembered something
[ __ ] sorry what we like drama Haim we
should have talked to [ __ ] Grendel I
just remembered it whatever okay cuz we
had that quest from forever ago right to
deliver that dudes riches - okay go
ahead I'll like point over to it and I
guess like we're in the party because I
think that's pretty weird and like a
sand dune area yeah it still may be you
know 400 feet off or so can i do i could
nature check yeah go ahead give me a
nature check you've never heard of any
ground being pink and fleshy i do an
archangel I throw up a nature signal do
none of you have ever heard of ground
being pink and fleshy a pink and fleshy
magic is usually used in golem creation
or some types of necromancy maybe guys I
think it's a giant ground go um let's
poke it
brilliant plan maybe a thousand feet at
most a thousand feet how big is this
pleasure thing in the ground it looks
like it's the terrain in the distance
can I just like park my crossbow up and
just fire off a shot like and expect to
hit it or is this like sure I mean you
move a little bit closer to like
whatever the max range of your crossbow
is 400 feet yeah so you move to within
400 feet and Archer crossbow hmm
flops into the pink and fleshy ground
and the bolt just sticks there please
lose the bolt from your sheet gotcha
also wait have we taken a long rest yet
I have three head dies you have had
short rests no do you recover you get
one hit died back on our short rest
right yes okay okay did you want to
spend any days um I mean I don't need to
I I was missing one HP but there you go
okay okay all right miss you right over
to it cautiously I guess so what happens
after my bolt hits the ground nothing
can I go wood no no 400 feet away from
it
your front you're a good distance so the
ground is like fleshy looking it doesn't
when my bolt hits does it like stick out
and like start to bleed or does it just
like so well it's like 400 feet away
right so you can't you know what is my
what is my Alcee from above your I guess
do have good vision I guess it just
seems like the bolt sticking in the
ground okay so what I send the L like
closer what does he see any closer to 20
if you guys want you can walk all the
way up to the edge and inspect it but
these inspections from a distance are
gonna be much much harder to get
anything useful expected sure I'm on the
pool kit with miry beer you're gonna
walk right up to it
let's all go what's the worst that can
happen well we'll watch you from here to
find out how about that I'll walk with
Berlin okay I I think I'll Water them
all right Barbeau it seems you've gotten
a little bit braver I'm gonna stay quite
a bit behind
I have not however this has not been my
first time like as far as my arms will
extend with the length of my rapier like
poke the very tip of the fleshiness it
gives sort of like flesh might give and
your rapier pierces through it and when
you pull it out some sort of like oily
yellowy clearish fluids leak out of it
more importantly to note is that the
ground that you're stepping on even
though you're still like armed and a
half reach from it feels a little soft
all right back to [ __ ] yeah just go
back back back back back we treat ya
take a few that far is this like fleshy
stuff like like how how much area is
covered by this is this like hundreds of
hundreds of miles or is it just like a
few thousand feet or what you can see
what's in front of you
but you do not see an end to it in
either direction does me out from 120
feet up it doesn't expands Labels
definitely see that this sort of stuff
extends pretty deep out this way and
pretty deep in all of these directions
like miles and miles like miles and
miles let's light it on fire
[ __ ] I wish the wizard would have told
us about this [ __ ]
where are we at on the map right now
sorry where the token over here oh I see
us here okay I gotcha there must be some
way can I um can I trying to think of
some way that I can figure so the only
thing I know about this is that fleshy
stuff is made in golems I mean that's
how I say you can get from your Arcana
role I think I don't think you're gonna
get anything from a role right this is
something that you've never seen before
that if there was any hint of knowledge
about this anywhere I would have told
you this is alien can I use mage hand
and from far away keep poking it with
there with you probably yeah
no I don't mean to wield a weapon no no
I don't believe so I have an idea I have
an idea it's ready a drone the hand
attack yeah we send the horse across it
and see what happens if it eats the
horse or something
and if it doesn't we know it's safe to
travel sounds logical
hmm yes and it works forward to see what
happens I do that I sent I send the
horse running across the ground like
running a hog across there got hard
it runs I want an egg just runs off no
problem yep I mean it's gate looks a
little bit weird cuz the ground is super
soft but sure you can use mage hand to
tickle the fleshy ground that's not a
weird thing at all we're definitely not
gonna get any artwork of that yeah you
tickled the ground with the mage hand
how what sort of tickle are you going
for Oh like really aggressive tickling
yeah hit laughs Brown does not respond
ah I think it's fine jailed maybe this
is just some fucked-up area because of
the demons I don't know maybe this was
their portal in or I have no idea but it
seems to be fine I'm gonna ask a really
particular question where the slime
meets the dirt does it look like the
slime has been like growing like over it
like if I were to just tap the end with
my foot I'm gonna push it forward does
it look like it's encroaching onto the
dirt or does it rather look like the
dirt has been like destroyed or
misplaced by something growing up
underneath it it looks to be level with
the sand and as I said the area that you
only hand in a half way feels a little
soft too huh I think we should just walk
across it maybe it's some kind of Zerg
creep
I'm not sure what the Zerg is but I
guess we have no choice but to travel
forward can I dig under the sand that
we're at yeah do I see the pink stuff
flashy 700 yeah you pull the way a
couple inches of sand and sure enough
the ground below you was all pink and
fleshy looks like it's growing from the
ground up maybe I'm not an expert on
yeah you guys go first
I'll be I'll be right behind you guys
pearl why don't you hop up on my back
you can come with us we'll be safe
together
I immediately hop on his back what is it
total weight of pearl in her all of her
gear I think we were saying that you
were lightly encumbered last time
pearl weighs 40 pounds her gear weighs
16 pounds 46 okay wait yes presenting
another option if if we don't want to
travel across this ground we can go down
through the golden sea to Hillsboro and
take a boat up to heatstroke
yeah let's travel and see what happens
what's the worst that could happen to us
giant demon ground well aren't you
supposed to investigate these things
anyway isn't this Queen ism very
interested in what exactly this is okay
I mean there was just a group of riders
that went this way and then they never
sure sure I'll be fine okay I hope that
goes I'm assuming all this is making me
go through the land all right you guys
hop hop on your one horse since the
other one rode off and make your way
through the dudes pleasure
meetings at ten minutes across the
fleshy dunes with no problems ten
minutes roll into 20 into 30 into an
hour and too many miles until you come
to an area where the dunes sort of stop
rolling and it's sort of just like
stretches and even ground maybe a little
bump here a little bump there but
relatively pretty flat round so we're
like through it nope and it's still the
flesh you stuffed beneath you and as you
walk through the flat ground the owl
spots in the distance these bony
protrusions that sort of stick up like
almost like a cage or like a flytrap
that has closed shut around something
doesn't maybe scores of them and you're
like an investigation on like the
details of it or something
yeah great investigation they are these
sort of blackish bony plate like
thingies that shut out for like a 360
degree all the way around something and
they're slightly curved and they're all
like shocked and they're scattered
seemingly at random just as far you know
in directions sometimes they'll be like
a gap between few sometimes they'll be
clustered together but it seems to be
this big expansive stuff together it can
only Jarrell - Gerald can see it from
the owl if you guys want to see it you
can get closer there's some bones up
ahead like almost looked like prisons
like closed bone prisons kind of I've
never seen anything like it I don't know
maybe we should go investigate one
that's like not in a cluster of them
just like one kind of one-off is that if
we get closer I can send the out down to
one it could be a trap maybe teeth
definitely a trap I didn't know you were
scared kuhmo I thought you're in for the
adventure by all means Barbara I'll
follow you walk us to the nearest one
and let's investigate
I'll ask jail to point us out to one
that's kind of like often the rest is
there such a wonder they all grouped
together clear be sure you can get
towards one that is sort of away from
the rest yeah let's get within like a
hundred feet and then I can I send my
owl down really close to investigate it
mm-hmm
okay just take a look at it like very
closely from like really is there any
like creatures around or any kind of you
are the living things except for the
ground as far as you can see do marching
orders do we need to discuss this right
now in terms of certainly yeah it's very
important okay I am 20 I am 30 feet
behind I got
30 feet yep no I'm not gonna allow you
to be 30 feet behind me I wanted to
leave this guy like 10 feet yeah
somebody leading you is it gonna be 30
feet ahead of you I know that you don't
walk it out very often but no it's
pretty far 30 feet is a safe distance
for traveling warriors I would say be
within 10 feet of me
are you okay captain are you a little
scared to continue I just think it's odd
that you're so far back kuhmo I thought
you were already in that's okay I'll
walk 15 feet behind him all right you
are 15 feet behind Barbeau as you get to
what do you stay within a hundred feet
was it within a hundred feet just to get
the owl to be able to kind of head down
and take a very close look at it sure
the owl swings on down and all but lands
next to one of these things I'm gonna
give you an image of what it looks like
the only alteration to this image is
that the colors are sort of like
iridescent black instead of the ivory
white that you're about to see so
they're like this maybe 10 feet apart
it's the Sarlacc pit yeah so there's
there's like a center with like an
entrance kind of right I guess yeah they
don't close entirely
yeah so can I send the owl to the center
and then look down the owl hops to the
edge and pokes its head down and I think
that's when the thing pops open yeah
we're feet away yeah totally but you
should definitely roll initiative that
sucks okay
oh god so this is the one that we went
to that's kind of like off ribbony yeah
I knew it it was the Sarlacc I told you
guys was one it is many that pop open
and as they pop open creatures come out
wait we try to find holy Sh we tried to
find one that was like far away one this
is yeah this is the one that's as far
away you know your hundred fifty feet
from everything else your 100 feet from
this one there's something even closer
that way
this is the this is the good spot this
is the optimal conditioning
we should probably leave you guys want
to fight this can I look at them do they
look like demon and aspect yes I will
give you a detailed explanation of all
of them oh and you can spend your action
investigating them if you would like not
a chin there we go let's turn on our
music alright monsters go first
where is monster number one wait how
come my initiative says sixteen I rolled
the twenty all right mom I know that you
rolled yeah twenty yeah oh there seems
to be some no character was found for
selected Gerald sixty oh I think I
accidentally rear old all of your
initiatives
oh no cuz I did like a group three
rolling find Cleveland who mo should be
sixteen Barbeau should be eight Pearl
should be five Gerald should be twenty
twenty yeah one point four all right so
Gerald you are the first so the L is
right there what does he see okay the
owl is right here and you know as the
thing opened up the all kind of got
tossed and starts flapping its wings and
these things right here mm-hmm
these toady little [ __ ] they're
short creatures really small maybe like
two foot seven inches but they're just
like they they're like tiny two hulking
little masses of rolling flesh they're
maybe 35 40 pounds their crimson
coloured small squat horned creatures
with thick arms bulbous bellies and on
the unusable small deformed wings the
critters over here these looking dudes
on the sides and up here are hairless
and skinless emaciated dog like
creatures they have discolored bony
plates that protrude from their joints
their jaws are
hanging unhinged and they have a row of
spikes that run down from their spine to
their Hale tail
now when I say boneless and skinless I
mean like if you were to play a person
it's just muscle and sinew like if
you've ever even those plasticized body
things that's what they look like and
last but not least these dudes dressed
in black are 6-3 ish 250 260 pounds tall
humanoid warrior looking suckers they've
got a black blackish iridescent plates
coming out of all of their joints
they're vaguely humanoid but they don't
have any wings or horns their chest has
these like blue interlocking plates
between them and they carry swords made
out of obsidian and shields I should say
swords and shields the shields are the
same sort of blackish bony plate that
all these other things seems to be made
of we heard um Captain theta and talked
about her adventures or she talked us
about like things in near heatstroke
right I guess can I do like what I
remember I guess what she would have
said about it I felt like I heard
something about like petrifying or like
turning people to stone and [ __ ] but I
don't really remember I it sounds like
Fargo doesn't really remember either I'm
sorry um okay they're their demons I
mean I can I can their demon people yeah
totally yeah okay so my friends I advise
that we leave and find another way to
enter I don't know if this fight is
winnable I'm going to move some as each
one of these cubes 5 feet yep how long
are you moving away yeah let me end a
little bit bigger to accommodate your
cowardice Sharyl take a shot first see
what happens
Joe fireball yeah well you guys calm
down
I'm just moving first okay I got it like
okay here we go what a watch right here
we go
screw it all toss a fireball
then I'm gonna throw a fireball at whoa
I'm in the matrix what happened I am
moving all of the figures to
accommodating your cowardice oh okay
which I think in turn is gonna add more
monsters but let me just keep tiling the
flesh wait
it's Gerald about to you blow this [ __ ]
up do it Lily do what this was all right
Jarrell our dick inspiration mmm how big
is uh there's no chance I can hit both
of these guys if I if I detonate in the
middle is there there's no way
yeah yeah wait shouldn't Pearl be on top
of my back right now oh okay if we were
15 people high bar boys would come back
here if I had Center here this hits them
both right yeah totally okay wait here
you have a 40 foot radius fireball is is
that what it is when you put radius
right let me see let's do some let's
turn off the grid and use some Euclidean
geometry to measure these things
ooh I like Euclidean z-- all right
that's my favorite kind of quid e'en so
40 feet across you cannot hit both of
these groups um okay my intention is to
hit this group and create it like out
here so that I try to create like a big
blast of fire that hopefully burns
enough that it would like stop the other
group from coming I don't know I'm
tossing it this way though all right you
just you you tell me where you want it
to show me again where exactly it's
gonna hit around here and go this art
now okay but it's a 20-foot radius right
yeah you just this one demon no I'm
gonna hit all three but it's gonna go
then it's got a 40 foot diameter so just
measure from one to the other side yeah
you can basically just yeah hitting
these three suckers yeah you know with
the objection yeah okay yeah
is there something else besides damage
that you might be doing here I'm trying
to create a big explosion which gates us
off from pursuit hmm as much as possible
yeah that's why I'm throwing it at the
ground and then I'm hitting them too
yeah okay I'll row you at 86 yep yeah
also worth knowing that I'm already down
one third level saw it somehow so that's
good
there we go that's a really shitty holy
[ __ ] what the [ __ ]
that's real natural ones is that
possible it's possible if you if roll20
is racist towards you as these creatures
are destroyed do they speak anything or
utter any words well hold on we're not
sure if they're destroyed yet oh yes I
need to make three contracts for them
one Dex Dex check oh I'm sorry that's
our start over one two okay so one
passes and takes half and the others
take full so those that take full died
the one that takes half half of these
are all right like that okay you blow
them up and you've moved away yes
fantastic the the bodhi things seem to
be like washed in fire maybe some of
them cracked one of them topples to the
ground and hits there the ground itself
starts to steam and smoke like charred
barbecue and in a few in a minute or so
the smell of barbecue will waft towards
you and smell uh
pretty terrible and awful yeah so this
isn't like good barbecue not good
barbecue like rancid burn are you yeah
really bad barbecue all right the first
creature is going to take 60 feet of
movement in your direction and then it's
turn the
one of these suckers is gonna go 3 feet
of women because they can't go very far
they're really small but these guys
these fleshless skinless dog like things
with dislocated jaws and spikes running
down their backs have fantastic movement
and the first one will close to 90 feet
here and it becomes kumo turn hmm
looking at that creature that just
charged I will take one shot with my
crossbow 14 will not hit it it cleanses
off some of the plates and skips beyond
I will take a second shot no well no
hits the plate says it bounced towards
you okay then I will back up I believe I
can move back 20 feet while I'm in
cupboard or the 25 20 you lose 10 feet
when you're uncovered okay yes okay and
then pearl should still be near me yes
perfect okay
all right next creature is gonna go and
move itself 30 feet next creature is
gonna go and move itself 90 feet next
one's gonna come 90 feet this one's
gonna come 30 feet this one's gonna come
30 feet captain Barbeau men cast shield
of faith no okay doo doo doo doo
concentration of 10 minutes you have
plus 2 to AC on yourself yep already
added it alright and that's a bonus
action I guess it's my action I will
ready a attack fantastic the next low
fat creature moves that way
this sucker moves 60 feet this one's
gonna move 60 feet this one's gonna move
90 and it becomes pearls turn
um hmm hmm I can't attack once I get off
kumo back you don't have any spells I do
but then I think be in 60 feet of range
and none of these are 60 feet in range
walk board cast a spell and then hop
back on all right I should be enough I'm
gonna cast vicious mockery lovely on
which creature um the one the only one I
can hear that guy oh right right okay
they need to pass a wisdom save do you
see thirteen wisdom save he passes it
takes no damage the creature is not
mocked by you maybe if you had bothered
to actually mock it when you cast the
spell it would have worked I was waiting
for you to like ask me usually ask me
what do you see do it yeah koi boo
what do you say to it I was gonna say
your mother was a kobold and your father
smelt of elderberries no ya know what
they're cool it's an old mean but it
checks out yeah yeah all right these
creatures move forward more in Gerald's
turn comes along those two right there
let me double check the ranges of them
good round lily encourage take note you
Steve
oh that's a doodle you are 90 feet from
these suckers
perfect um how about sleep ooh
sleep yeah it's been a while but they
don't seem to have that much HP so I
think it might work let's do it okay
roll be 58 that's how many hit points
two facts let's do it and they are all
within 20 feet of each other just barely
yes nice
you will starting with the lowest hit
point ones you put two to sleep good
that's better than none um laughs um
let's just cast it should be right here
one minute so ten rounds so effectively
all of combat yeah um then I'll move
some some ways back as much as I can
okay I'm just gonna take them out of the
initiative order so it's a little easier
to manage wonderful next creature is one
of these tall humanoid warrior guys and
it's gonna close to sixty more feet this
sucker is gonna go 30 feet I hope you
all did you come back on top of me after
the know you really should have you
[ __ ] up really bad good luck Joe Dirt
you're al yeah who is it with it's just
hanging out okay he's having a good time
I'd this guy closes to within range of
Barbeau this dominant creature and I'll
see y'all assisting on barboza
next attack I get to attack you do make
your attack role with a ban 17 will hit
20 will hit and you will do 16 damage to
the creature almost killing it outright
it will bite at you with a 17 nope does
not hit right boom oh it is your turn is
it can I pick somebody up as a bonus
action
ah I think pearl is light enough that
she can be your free object interaction
for the turn okay okay that's so lovely
okay I'm going to move forward and I'm
going to pick up pearl and put it on my
back excellent and then I'm going to
cast a fly on myself and then move as
much in the air as I can fly fantastic
one action concentration up to ten
minutes you touch a woodland creature it
gains a fly speed of 60 fantastic
[ __ ] yeah so I can I move up like thirty
or forty feet
how far did you move thus far I think
about fifteen so you can do half of your
fly speed then okay so like 30 feet up
thirty feet up okay okay
next creature scuttles your direction
next creature come here buddy toady here
you go
and this one's gonna come 90 this one's
gonna come can't quite get to you so
what its gonna do instead is get as
close to Gerald as it can which is not
all that close wait that one couldn't
get to me really from sixty I couldn't
get an attack oh god I can't move 45 or
90 with no attack Jesus alright this
one's going to here and barbosa turn
comes along alright I'm about to Merc
the one in front of me I don't wanna use
the owl on this one the L was just used
on your last attack yeah it's already
done oh as a reaction yeah got it I'm
going to attack the one in front of me
twenty two we'll hit it for a bunch of
damage and it dies yeah can I not have
you sneak attack on that is that okay is
it always the first or am I allowed to
choose because it had zero Flair ahead
then you don't have to necessarily use
it thank you cool since I tried to
declare the owl thing yeah that's fine
that's been and now I'm gonna run over
to this one and my is that taken on the
flank I don't know how no thinking cuz
you have to be yep 24 will hit 419 which
will slay the creature good stuff
actually buddy next guy coming up comes
to hear this one coming up comes to hear
this guy you're so far in the back join
the fray this one comes here and pearls
turn pearl you are in the air thirty
feet off the ground
riding kuhmo shoulders I guess they'll
class vicious mark are you that you can
as long as they're still within range
cool
that one's in range certainly maka
okay let me see if you're as ugly as an
ogre but that'd be an insult to ogres it
feels four points worth of insulted pain
and has disadvantage on this next attack
role I think right yes okay the next
toady goes and it will barely get
anywhere cuz these creatures are short
stumpy little legs makes it hard to move
Gerald it's your turn um I need to drop
a big-ass fart can you draw me one I got
a seat a fireball just use the arrow and
draw forty feet and that's when I tried
to but it's if we kind of need a circle
to see how much I hit cuz I'm gonna drop
it right in the middle of this is your
big brand someone make a 40-foot it's
line for me and hold it still and I can
make how about this I can hit all of
them what do you want to
like here it's not 40 feet that says
exactly goddamnit
that was beautiful whoever did that that
was so using hydro beam that's 40 how's
that
it's about perfect yeah that's right
measure the top to bottom
46 yeah that's a circle move it on the
most amount of people possible so
including the two Black Knights I mean
the most amount of people possible might
be at us yes
Yeah right there yeah I like that a lot
yeah all right here why don't ya why
don't you draw a circle over this circle
so then you can just move it because I
can't assign the circle t I don't know
how to draw circles top left there's a
little draw thing that you can just like
you draw shape and then hold alt while
you're drawing the shape and it'll make
a circle or do what he did and manually
draw it yeah yeah perfect love the
purple line I can resize that for you so
it'll fit see there you go use that oh
my god don't don't no stop stop
drawing period of time all right I can
handle all these guys that'll hit three
no way it's close this is not these are
like less than half hitting well now
he's loose cuts in that's perfect that's
that's a it's gonna totally get all five
of these that's a hey guys all the edges
I will give an advantage to their saving
throw since they are like questionably
within the aura wait why not five right
here this is easy you can hit these five
where I'm drawing a line okay yeah there
you go so much better okay this guy's
yeah all right I'm casting flames search
from my fingertips and then they surged
onto the enemy
lots of surging involved better role
hopefully Oh Mike I quit twenty eight
yeah yeah so is it okay I don't quit
eight times four and a half three and a
half so half of 27 is 13 so we got to
make some saving for us for these guys
waiting around up trying to be 14 14
still need to make some saving throws
for these guys we will do one two three
four for the toadies this guy's dead
this guy's dead this guy's dead this guy
takes this guy takes seven almost dies
this one here I think by now you're
close enough to see that these creatures
seem particularly resistant to fire they
are taking half damage from this off the
back quartered if they pass their saves
that one doesn't can we can we talk
about the the prejudiced against gnomes
and roll20 who has done the most damage
to all of the enemies I'm wrong and
running away I'm running away and I'm
moving my all over to me - cause
disadvantage on anything that tries to
run at me an attack all right
next creature is one of the big warriors
the big guys and it will close - Barbeau
that cannot attack is it big guy
it is really three two hundred and sixty
pounds short bony iridescent black
plates arising from all of its joints
it's got a shield that seems to be these
plates all sort of together pointing in
the middle a little bit along like
bastard sword hand and a half made out
of obsidian with a boney handle as well
its mouth is unusually long like instead
of being what is this like four inches
from Giada nose it's like 12 inches it's
sort of like Slenderman length jaw and
it roars and anger at you as it
approaches I'm not afraid awaits its
turn kuhmo I'm planning up here I'll
take two shots at
I'll move up I guess like another 40
feet so maybe about 70 feet in the air
what is the range of vicious mockery 60
feet six here okay I'll float till I'm
like maybe about 60 feet in the air
right on top of this dude okay for sake
of clarity
oh yes are you okay then I will fire two
shots 20 more will hit for 14 points of
damage
oooh cancer you thinking I'll fire
another one 13 damage creature is
wounded next creature goes it is a thumb
and it will it'll just charged towards
Barbeau and bite with a hit
no no no isn't that missing HP because
she cast vicious mariana which gives it
a disadvantage on it yeah it is yes it
is Captain Barbossa your turn
alright I'm gonna attack the big guy for
me with so is this within 5 feet of me
yeah there you guys are Jason your
tokens aren't on a grid you're close
enough to melee each other ok I'm gonna
attack the dark and I'm not using sneak
attack
thank you crits more 12 damage alright
and then I have my fancy footwork to
where I'm going to move so no creatures
within 5 feet of me and now I have I can
use sneak attack there's no other
enemies but me in the target are within
fight of even if that creature can't
make opportunity attacks against you yes
so you just dance away from the dog but
you say j6b the demon warrior
correct and go ahead and make your
attack this one will use sneak attack a
ticket yeah 19 will hit for 22 damage
very nice is getting wounded the next
warrior is up and it will trudge in your
direction slowly but surely same thing
with the next one
you're gonna come to hear the next thumb
is going to come fifty so it can't
necessarily don't want none unless you
got thumb hyung it'll come to here so
you're sort of getting surrounded here
captain bar bow and pearl takes are
turned dissonant whispers against this
one mm-hmm
roll it does that do saving Sal you
whisper a discordant melody melody that
only one creature within your ear engine
here racking with terrible pain I must
make wisdom saving throw or take psychic
damage and must immediately use its
reaction if available to move as far as
its speed allows away from you do it
won't obviously hurt itself
okay so wisdom saving throw for the
critter eight is they fail so it
immediately uses its reaction to run
forty five feet away from you does it
take for bombing an attack of
opportunity it does take the damage
provoking attack of opportunity from
Captain Barbossa - hey barb Oh would you
like to use your reaction to attack yeah
then go for it I did it didn't I
that's fine toady is next and it Huff's
and puffs as a bounces and it's little
horns bounce in the air and his little
wings flat back and forth running as
quickly as it can towards Captain barb
go but it takes forever Gerald who has
sort of left party behind in the dust
I cast spells from a long way away okay
and speaking of spells you know what
kind of spells I like control spells
[Music]
let's uh let's um move forward a bit
this time and I'll move here so that I
can cast web which is a 20 foot cube
which should be enough to hit both these
dudes alrighty
you can web them I think they roll saves
on their turn or on your turn let's cast
we'll find out not having used it in a
while
moot and flanking only applies when you
have an ally on the other side of them
it's okay got a whole flanking a third
thing so if they're running away it's
not like so each creature that starts
this turn or enters them makes a dex
throw on saving their restrained and
they can make a strength check to break
out if it succeeds they're no longer
restrained so they got to make a deck
saving throw on their turn to try to get
out okay right here thank you for the
sound effects those were perfect all
over town nice job thanks back next
creature is this badly wounded warrior
who faces captain Barbeau lets out a
horrendous yell and we'll multi attack
he starts with his obsidian sword with a
14-2 hit no good which is really really
shitty crit is it built it's a yeah you
rolled the two ones on the first attack
and 5 minutes 7 on the second so you
will take what is that 16 damage yeah am
i able to uncanny dodge it doesn't that
take your reaction it does and you
already used your reactions mark waybill
go ahead and subtract 16 from your hip
points and next up is the toady it's
coming in it's only got one hit point
left but it's gonna do its job kuhmo
it's your turn
um I'm going to go ahead and take a shot
but the dog beneath me ok 9 damage
should kill it 9 damage will wipe it off
the board and then that the toady thing
beneath me is still alive as well right
yes ok just [ __ ] me out I just [ __ ]
you up or in gym yeah yeah 17 against
this guy is exactly the number you need
to hit 12 damage is a kill and it dies
oh yeah there you go buddy I got ukume
oh don't worry he's so cool kuma and
then I'm gonna float over a little bit
up here so I'm still like kind of
directly above I'm by a lot by like 50
feet sure perfect
next up is the barb oh wow yeah I'm
gonna walk up to this guy and beat his
ass tanks 12 was no good his obsidian
his bony shield blocks it 24 will hit
though for 789 16 wounding but not
killing I'll use the rest of my movement
to move away 15 feet okay all right the
one that you just attacked charges in
after you and makes attack rolls two of
them first one with a sword note 14 the
second one for 12 I'll have that
okay so you take six I got it I got it
uh warrior in the web is it a deck save
ye 12 I think is a fail yes and if it
fails its save what can it do its
restrained and I think it can take a
full action to break out with a string
saving through each Krishna starts to
stern
I failed save the creatures restrained
as long as it remains in the web's or
until it breaks through
the creature restrained by the webs can
use his action to make a strength check
against your spell save DC perfect so it
will try to break free the strength save
no weapons not gonna make it and it
stays the thumb on the side that started
to run gets its courage back turns
around and charges right back yet at
Barbeau taking a flying leap at you to
bite you know and
wildly missing falling away short and
plunging face-first into the ground
pearl pearl heal me I have a question um
feather fall it says it's a reaction so
if I jump off of kumis back is that can
I just use it as a reaction and then
cast something yes okay so I'm gonna
jump off of kumo back and can I like try
to land on Captain Barbossa if I'm
falling slowly enough can i navigate on
him or something you don't have any way
to push left or right you know so you're
stuck with whatever momentum you already
had but if you make me an intelligence
check to cast it exactly the right time
so that you'll fall towards him you
truly can do it I miss my person though
you do it that's enough 10 is the blood
I needed you can feather fall on to
captain Barbara's back and then I'm
gonna use Carolyn's
level 2 because I ran out of little ones
buzz nice you will heal him for 12 so 35
yep alright toady is up toady gets to
make a deck saving throw and
unsurprisingly it fails and it will try
and make a strength save throw to get
out and will also fail back it's stuck
Gerald it should it should like further
entangle itself with the one it rolled
it to it gets even stuck er yeah I see
this little toad dude it's like right
there
mmhmm yeah that guy that guy gets the
fire bolt roll it yeah battle hit and
that'll rip it to shreds
probably have just an X through instead
there we go
next up is kuba and I've moved I'm still
floating up here I'll take a shot at the
creature beneath me again sure which
kills it and then drifting over a bit I
will take another shot down of this
creature
another cools and you will kill that one
as well come oh so much cooler than lock
don't kill the restrained ones before
they break three Captain Barbara's your
turn then kill the sleeping ones I can
move I can move thirty feet right yeah
well I'm gonna move thirty feet
somewhere in there
not in the web with you oh you might
actually be slowed because you're know I
might have a like shake her off my back
before using like an object shake her
off but in a nice way thank you it'll
use pearls reaction to leap off of you
boss fine I'm gonna kill this thing go
for it you have a pinch is on the attack
role because it is restrained 16 and 15
they will both hit and you will rip it
to shreds
the next Warrior goes it gets to make a
deck save to escape fails and a
technology in to breakout number 16
right yeah my spell this is so high yeah
it's pretty cool all right all right
enough of that pearl your turn I'm um a
vicious mockery the other one okay go
save and what is your what is your mock
I'm not mad at you I'm just disappointed
well that's the worst oh it works it
really you know what it does double
damage
that's just yeah it's too real Gerald is
your turn again
really that's it yeah it's just this one
creature left well the two other ones
that are yeah I don't know I've kind of
out of ideas I guess I'll that was all
the cool stuff I could do
I guess I'll over dude yeah sure I'll
total dead on it on the on the warrior
is saving throw well that's one wise
warrior
alright I'm done alright come oh you're
flying damage that would've been pawn
what would that roll five I guess I'll
kind of drift over and then there's that
web creature to the left of me mm-hmm
yeah I'll go ahead and take a shot
twelve damage
certainly and another shot another crit
jeez nine okay I'm gonna say you and
ready an attack
what come on I can't I can't down the
movement creature does not make it out
is restrained by the web it's yelling
and some sort of maybe a language you
can't make out anything that it's saying
bound to the ground with these webs it's
it's just sort of like got a rolling
yelling you know just be abrasive if I
did it okay all right pearl I needed my
immersion thank you this is mocking
again okay your face is ugly and you're
dumb as a tree take my vicious mockery
what it's actually impressed it's not
bothered by you it's like wow that was
pretty clever good job good job
yeah it's proud of you Gerald oh yeah it
does more damage even though it's a
resisting thingy
yeah does you rip it for 12 that's
getting close to the ground kuhmo it's
ripped I'm all yeah shoot two more and I
hope you've been marking off animal for
all of these 21 is a hit 9 doesn't quite
kill it and 15 18 because it's
restrained okay I will deal six and it
will die
the only things left are those two that
are sleeping up there and they're still
super another 20 seconds or so I don't
know just run over and execute them yeah
I'll do a double movement sure you can
run over and execute them without any
problem awesome
alright they died I have a question now
that um all of these things are they
like open and like decaying or they just
like open um did he close again take a
look they've closed
I think we closed yeah closed I suggest
we don't [ __ ] with those so look um two
things number one I did everything cool
that I can possibly do in that fight and
I'm not gonna be able to do anything
cool for a long time number two pearl I
take it back I'm really impressed you
did really well this fight good job pro
I'd like to graduate you to a 35 percent
cut I'm still an intern yeah Oh fifteen
percent more money percent yep what was
that before 15 have I even been paid so
far we haven't paid any money
we were just in jail q um am I able to
pick up or I fire 14 shots yeah how many
of them hit
I think tendon ten so you can recover
half of them just take it five back I
must want to all 50/50 for each but okay
yeah I'll take a sample from each
individual creature so one from little
fleshy dog one from the really slow
green guys and then one from like the
Warriors sure uh you just taking like
samples of flesh
yeah samples of flesh and like maybe
like a hand or something
sure sure you take some samples of flesh
and specimens and toss them in your
backpack I hope you don't have any food
in there you expect to eat I have a song
you do how much does that weigh
pound yeah you tell me how much you want
to take just so I'll probably pound
stuff you get like sure each hand yeah
Gerald has a song I see now my opinion
was trite pant pearl handled herself
well in this fight she hurled insults
assisted by magical flight I most
definitely underestimated her might and
I shall be glad to fight with her to see
when she what she next smites
how much is the huge obsidian blade that
was very good like I'm gonna put it away
go ahead and take another inspiration
Devin it's the same weight as well you
can only have one right so it'll have
more than one it says the same weight as
a bastard sword which might not be in
the five ebooks so we'll say halfway
between the weight of a longsword and a
two-handed sword which I'm looking up
let's see longsword is three two-handed
sword great sort of six let's call it
four-and-a-half pounds
okay do we want to do a half oh yeah I
guess we can't even yeah that's fine so
there's no like loot on these or
anything they just they're just like the
obsidian blades that's it everything
else is just flesh and bone and news is
obsidian worth while in your world
there's it like dark Sun no I mean it it
might be worth some small amount but I
was thinking to sell it's like a
collector who's like really interested
in demon or something they might be
interested that it was wielded by a
demon but so so can we take a closer
look at the Sarlacc pit and I try to
figure that out maybe like just to
figure out if it's like what I'm most
interested in is if it's like respawning
well has closed again certainly yes but
you said there's a little entrance at
the top and the alum ever mm-hmm do you
want so you walk on over go ahead and
move your token next to whichever pit
you want to look at I guess it's not
really pits they're more cages cells
some things
as everyone joining him I will yeah um I
guess I floated to the ground by now
I'll be kind of behind them watching
where we're getting closer to the one of
they said he was gonna go do it half way
I'll do it you know we just like looking
inside we're like it's I don't know Jail
learn to do it Gerald the [ __ ] you want
to do your mics muted okay all right
well we don't inspect it oh what a great
point for a break reporter we take a
break
Gerald bounces out and will inspect
these on the other side of the break
yeah sounds good take a swim or gnomes
tone the catechol a minute don't move
anywhere we'll be right back after these
messages
you
[Music]
[Music]
you
you
you
three two one welcome to gnomes tomes
and katakana do this again and I don't
want you to interrupt this I want Steven
to do the intro
take those Stevens go we knew what our
university we're gonna gnomes Thomson
catacombs episode 19 Lilly put that
[ __ ] fork down it's time to play
dungeon dress you were eating our first
part of this okay captain barboza bout
to reach inside the hole wait I was
muted because if I ever get me to like
that it's because my my um connection
and my mic is bad I just have to plug it
in and take it out again takes like five
seconds so anyway I want out my owl go
we were we were not supposed to go up to
the thing supposed to stay a hundred
feet away send the owl in and look in
from the center look it down into the
center from the bone enclosure on top
okay the owl peers down and it seems
that the inside has sort of like a
sphincter that is tied tightly closed
beneath it and yet it's sort of rippling
on top what a sphincter are you familiar
with the term yes yes it's sort of like
you know rippling moving it's a butt
hole no a sphincter is a spherical
collection of muscles that like opens
and closes your multiple sphincters I
believe in your body it's not just your
ass really yes yes
what's another sphincter that you have
mostly their internal you don't really
have any external sprinklers I guess
your lips could be maybe I don't know if
they if there's more precise definition
for example the lower esophageal
sphincter I'm assuming you have multiple
of these in your digestive tract which
you like which moves things like through
your banana okay and what do you say
rippling what do you mean like moving
know how your butt feels when you're
about to have diarrhea
yeah yeah I didn't eat it looks like you
I beat your boy okay okay that's good
it's good till later
so it's like okay it's like undulating
sure yeah all right can I roll do I
understand why I understand of this can
I like search my Arkana no religion for
like demons wait so what are we doing I
was Barbara like reaching in or touching
it oh cluckums wanted to look at this
and I was looking at ok can I can I walk
forward and just touch one of the bony
protrusions totally yeah my bony
protrusion touch the bony protrusions
and I'll reiterate again these are black
and iridescent not this ivory colored
here you touch it and it it feels hard
it feels like bone is there any give
could we like pull one open yeah if you
push it hard enough you'll feel like a
little bit of rocking on it but it's
pretty solid you think with some effort
and some tools you could probably rip
one of these things out if you didn't
want to just like break it off with
force can I do a religion check on what
I think this is go ahead you can make
any check at any time you have no idea
what the 23 religion Arkana go for it no
idea history go for it I'm gonna do a
perception check to see if I can see the
Wizard of heirship survival you just see
Gerald sweating I don't know what the
[ __ ] this is guys but it was spawned a
fuckload of creatures and it looks like
it's about to erupt again maybe we
should get out of Dodge why don't we
open the butthole and see what's inside
maybe it's like a see what happened last
time yeah but like it must take time for
the creatures to come back really dumb
that would be really unbalanced if it
spawned immediately
toss a fire bolt aside see what happens
okay I'm on top of it to cast a fire
bolt into it also hey can you two guys
get over here why are you so far away um
I'm not gonna climb on top of it take em
on my back and you can climb on my back
if you should be able to reach it right
I don't know how tall it is wait it's
it's it's so it's so close these think
that I can't just shoot a little Bowl to
fire through it doesn't it yeah look at
it
I guess maybe really if you get really
close to it you might be able to shoot
through the spines but from your
distance you know it's it's too small to
shoot through it okay if we yeah what
about a magic missile you gotta have
something to target but also magic
missile says you couldn't hit something
behind like arrow loops so you still
couldn't target something inside is if
we get in another fight I really can't
help and it might be really bad so I
should back out but where would we go to
rest like I need at least a tiny Huggies
for two couple days and [ __ ] it wait
what if these things come make more
things well I don't know can they get in
our tiny Hut isn't it indestructible
they can stand there and so fat is over
and then they come in I think these
things these demons have better things
to do they got demon [ __ ] to do they're
not gonna mess with this cool how about
you get on one side and I'll pull from
the other side we can open this thing
open I think we should shoot one and
then see what happens to it maybe we
should destroy these little flat holes
one by one and then well what our
creature is being spawned inside of
these things does this lead down into a
deeper tunnel maybe we should open one
and see what's in yeah I mean it
definitely they definitely came from the
butthole didn't get on one side I'll be
on the other and we pull and we open it
okay
all right can we open it is here a
chicken what chickens yeah
so you guys pull you so one of you gets
on one side and grabs one of these bony
plates the other gets on the other side
and grabs one of these bony plates
you're gonna try and like pry them apart
yeah sure give me strength checks not
athletics check strength checks how
about an acrobatics check I think you're
betting everybody cool here 13 and 18
yeah it's not enough to pride them the
18 will get it to sort of like give a
little bit but by the time you get it
any further like your feet slip on the
slippery oily ground because it is like
fleshy and that means there's like
bodily fluids that we're shooting up
through a and there's like little pits
that are collecting this like Halloween
didn't rain I take my huge obsidian
bastard sword and like try to break the
spine totally yeah just roll it yeah
give me roll to hit you definitely hit
it mr. Mouton and your sword clatters
into it and like chips away at the bony
thing on there and your blade seems fine
you get the impression that if you hack
at this enough I'll ship it all throw
one yeah yeah break it for a while sure
you take a minute and eventually hack
off one of the bony protrusions that
holds the thing together
there you go Gerald to shoot the insides
okay I'll shoot it with a I'll shoot the
butthole with a fireball wait wait wait
what exactly are we expecting to happen
by shooting a fireball tenir giant
butthole on fire
this is so exciting I think we have to
destroy these if they make more demons
yeah we like because listen I like
thought really hard about this and no
matter how hard I thought I can't figure
out what it is so we might as well light
it on fire that's kind of what we do on
this party right I don't know what it is
so let's write it light it on fire
I'll give jail guidance okay I step back
I don't need anything right now I'm into
the canned room we're gonna we're gonna
toss a fireball at the bottle or fire
bullying the butthole
okay you throw a fire bolt at it sure
enough you hit the ground where the
sphincter is and it's sort of you know
the pressure of the fire bolts that
explodes slightly let some fire down in
and some fire demo and the whole area is
charred with this kind of oily wet
rotting flesh char smell does it look
like the other ones were affected like
kind of like I you know how they caves
really connected with these all be
affected by that fire boat with the fire
go and through a very interesting
question but fire bolt isn't a large
enough spell for you to see that you
know if you like the others are they
like opening up now or are they just
still finding no thorough chill did the
one we just kill open up after it died
quote-unquote who said it time
oh I'm just asking like did it open up
at all no no I'm at what I don't we need
to just maybe hit it a few more times
with fire bolts even anything okay throw
another one in there twelve anything
that's a bigger one yeah you char the
area around it and you can see the the
flesh is beginning to Sag under the
weight of it as it dies another one
another one alright that's enough
it sort of collapses and droops down
inside revealing a fleshy sort of pit
with upward-facing spikes around it that
goes down maybe four or five feet into a
greenish pool of fluid that is sort of
spasming and twitching and writhing as
if the pool and the spikes around it and
the walls and the floor are all one
living organism we should kill the rest
of these I feel like this is like a kind
of spawning pool I think it's the
hundreds of these there's no way that we
are there hundreds right well we go as
far as the thousands even never men holy
[ __ ] should we leave and report back to
the queen of what we found and see
what's been I don't think we found much
of anything yet
we found a spa
pools of hundreds of demons what do you
mean that's great information people are
gonna get struck one realize there's
like a huge army we can't continue to
heat stroke with all these things in the
way unless we sail there we need to get
a boat
I think kuhmo the reason that we should
probably go back and report this just
quickly is because jail does not have
spells
yeah and then I think we could
Commission a boat and we could go around
to heatstroke and go around we can't
okay
let's not waste time let's go hell yeah
okay yeah so all right we need to take a
rest before we get like we're gonna get
out of the fleshy ground yeah but we
need to like we need to hole up for the
night
maybe we don't even well I need to know
yeah I know rest is fine
definitely yeah I was gonna say maybe we
don't go back to Strom High maybe we
like shack up and like I don't know
there's probably like little villages on
the way right we could just wait there
for a long rest
there will be countless tiny villages
scattered throughout these Plains you
can buy you can also head towards
Hillsboro we have friends there yep
that's always gonna say and then we can
take a long rest and you can report back
to the Queen with your information yeah
yeah I can I can report to the yeah so
far what we found that's a good idea
self service back to what's head down
towards Hillsboro let's take a rat out
of the foot yeah get out of the flesh
like this out of the flesh okay
add the flesh okay that's fine you've
gone less than half a day on the flesh
you can go half a day back out or you
know you can escape the fleshy stuff no
problem take a rest and make your way to
Hillsboro it'll take you two days to get
there from where you are or like you
know the rest of today and tomorrow and
oh that's two nice people
you'll get one more safe before you
arrive well before we before we
encounter I just want to make it clear
like like when we get out of the the
fleshy we rest yeah right like with a
tiny Hut like I want okay like the
moments you escape the fleshy stuff you
death you bunk down okay so it's midday
you've escaped the flesh you're still
within the sand dunes
and you tiny Hut up crawl inside and
rests while you're in here resting up
some questions for you Lily Picchu pearl
you're here as sort of their chronicler
and storyteller what story are you
getting out of this thing do we came
across multiple giant buttholes and we
lit one on fire and then I got to kill
like a monster and then I got raised and
a promotion I'm gonna be 35% I'm pretty
excited so the stories are no longer
about these great adventurers stories
about you going on this adventure and
the glory that you have gained and less
about the glory they have gained yeah
pretty much cool awesome
cool oh these people seem to be sort of
cowardly but they certainly stood up
well in this fight do you have any more
respect or any less respect to them now
um I don't really care just I really
want to get that crown what I want hmm
interesting how much do you know about
the crown um well I know a little bit
about what was said to the Queen which
is apparently that they stole a
philosopher's stone and they merged it
with a crown so it must be extremely
powerful mm-hmm which is all I need to
know all right
and mr. Barbeau um a weird day everyone
sort of left you to tank in the front
lines well I'm used to my party members
being useless looking back to Locke one
of the most uses people I've ever
encountered in my entire life so yeah
Barbara is used to it he does however
worry for a little Bobby and his heart
is with little Bobby and last but not
least mr. Gerald you came out seeking
all sorts of adventures and you've been
on adventures and now this is a
different kind of adventure this isn't
like there's a giant there there's some
weird monsters there this is like the
lands being taken over by a biological
thing that keeps spawning weird
creatures and his spikes and it might be
coming from another plane of existence
and it's demons and it might be
threatening all of existence and
certainly this entire continent are you
worried about your people back home who
live underground which is apparently
being transformed um Gerald
in the in the last couple of episodes
has kind of like had a sort of identity
crisis sort of existentialism and since
this since this encounter with the Queen
and the parties staying together and
this kind of discovery of the demons and
everything he seems a lot more chipper a
lot more like his old self you know
there could be like some kind of I guess
guesses into like what he's feeling
right now but he definitely feels more
full of purpose and that there is there
is like something that this is all for
that maybe like his friends didn't all
die in vain and that that he's kind of
finally on a track that may lead to
something of importance that doesn't
just make everything worthless he's he's
he's gaze he's not he's not it like
gotten all of us hope back in his
confidence but you can see it in his
step you know he walks a little bit
taller he's feeling a little bit better
he's reading his spells again he's not
hitting the pipe as hard
mm-hmm-hmm okay
you rest for the night you wake up the
next day as you look out you can see
that the peak of the sand dune near you
has just a little bit of fleshy stuff
that seems to have creeps towards you
over the last day it's growing that fast
yeah you said you'd left beyond the
flesh so I figured you smell like you
know one dune over and maybe a couple
hundred feet well far enough away that
there's not gonna be anything in between
you and there you're safe but it seems
to have grown at least a hundred feet
150 feet yeah that's what is the night
just a hundred fifty feet in one night
yeah Wow okay okay we shall no
percentage checks please mate you know
everyone oh you've got your passive
right okay yeah so as you wake up and
get out of your Hut and stretch in the
morning and you noticing that there's
this creep on the side there you also
turn and a little bit down the sand dune
is a creature it's uh maybe six and a
half feet tall it's very thin with some
of those same hard
dear decent black chitin exoskeletons
all round it it's you know how do you
want to call it it's like six five but
only like a hundred pounds so it's
really thin like a Kevin Durant you
don't love it's body sits a single mouth
but the mouth is tall like you saw in
the Warriors and it has a single eye
that sits in the middle of its forehead
and in each of its palms and on each of
its feet and it's just sort of like
hovering in the air on the dune and your
direction looking at your dome I will
point it out to the party and say we
should really do as you point to it the
abdomen opens into this tall mouth maybe
like a two and a half feet high filled
with sharp teeth and then closes again
that doesn't look friendly
fan me yeah Kim yes a mentality hello
how are you are you our friend and your
friend I'm sorry
there's no reply
does it okay tremendous menacingly or it
does not move it just stays hovering ten
feet off the ground how far out is it
does anyone speak hundred I speak I
speak abyssal could I call out to it yes
sure nice what do you say hello creature
who goes there a cry comes back and sort
of like a shrieking echo or like this
guy's palms just a group of adventurers
who'd come upon this fleshy domain what
business have you here ask it about its
quests what it wants to do who leads it
we can't raise this thing doesn't seem
like it's up for chatting much I think
it's probably best if we just leave just
can't you ask it anything it is talking
what's it saying it's basically just
telling me that it's here to eat us I
think oh [ __ ]
how big is this again can you describe
this again it is lensman six foot five a
hundred pounds so very tall but vey and
it has like this iridescent black
shit'll in sort of like a black beetle
it's all shiny exoskeleton over it and
it's just floating to us from from over
there it's just it's hovering it's not
coming or going it's just hovering on
top of a dune about a 120 feet away okay
hmm like I think you just asked it what
it wants well not you asked me hungry
so ask it who it serves sure okay I look
back speaking in an abyssal
who brought you forth to this dimension
what are you doing here who do you
answer to that's good what does it say
says it's answering to me I mean maybe
it's got a new pet I should order it to
eat Barbeau and see what it does
why aren't you like aren't you like a
guy who deals with this thing maybe you
called it here maybe it's like you're
I'm asked entirely sure why I can speak
this language but I'm pretty sure I
would remember if I called a creature
like this into existence okay speaking
of the creature again did you arise from
this pink flesh did you come from one of
these caverns or from the green ooze
that's beneath this terrain you almost
said I came from the same place as you
we are wanting to say when you say we
are equals do you mean all of us
do you mean only me what do you mean my
party and David us you a singular can
you come forward to any are so steps are
you able to float in my direction
it floats back down to the ground and
then walks the opposite direction
descending the sand dune it's not much
of a sand duty anymore it's sort of a
fleshie dude walking away from him yeah
walk towards me some number of steps
that it seems as always walk to the
other direction not entirely sure what
it means when it speaks to me it's maybe
like a bizarro demon where you have to
tell it the opposite of the thing maybe
you could tell it to walk away from you
see what happens okay I scream as loud
as I can hey there's our thing move away
from me now a hundred twenty paces does
anything answered guys should we follow
it down together no pearl this sounds
like a really exciting chapter in your
novel I'll do what the party wants I'm a
little tired too honestly I have very
little spells left so it's said that it
serves you in the singular I mean that
seems to be what it's are you
sympathetic even Laura you didn't tell
us like I'm pretty sure if I was a demon
lord I would have remembered it seemed
to walk in the opposite direction maybe
it thought it was speaking to someone
else that looks like me that's in the
other direction or maybe it's just
trying to learn me in I'm not sure maybe
it answers to anybody that can speak the
abyssal tongue can you tell me how to
say hello and then I'll try to see it um
is the abyssal time like a special one
it you can't really teach I don't
remember can you like it were to worry
translation nothing like that huh I mean
there's definitely going to be a
greeting and a missile but I think a
missile is you know how there's some
languages but is like weird cliques that
you make we got a row
yeah it's definitely you'd need to be
well trained in it to make anything what
check you out the past to say a greeting
DC 20 charisma check
damn that's savage hey it's gonna be
tough yeah only if kuhmo tries to teach
you how to do it okay yeah I'll try to
teach her what do I like it all no she
rolls it she [ __ ] did it okay all
right she shouts out and surprisingly
good abyssal there comes no reply oh but
take inspiration for getting hello in
abyssal okay so that creature was weird
as hell we should like we should feel
like this is like some very valuable
information don't you think the Queen
would want to know more about this maybe
there are some exceptions but if we okay
wait I send the owl up where is it where
is it going now
so the ologists like takes a look that
sees where it's going
the owl pops up and on the other side of
the ridge or maybe like a score of those
warrior creatures crouched below oh
let's get the hell out of here it's
actually a trap there's there's like
four of those black warrior people on
the other side of it we should leave now
it was it was trolling the whole time it
never intended to be our friend it was
just kidding
hmm yeah perhaps we should leave time is
a factor
we're leaving it let's go wait all right
we set up a trap of our own we don't
think there's no way that we could count
it you said there about ten of them did
you say there were around us how does a
score 20 oh it scores 20 no let's leave
I don't think that we get any meaningful
loot for it wait so if we had followed
that thing we would have got ambushed by
20 more we don't know if they're not
friendly friendly I stirred a doubt I
think it's the army that's waiting to
lead you somewhere or waiting for you to
lead it somewhere right
that's your faithful servants let's go
we're ready to leave okay you guys can
leave
you gtfo in the other direction on your
phantom Steve's that you take 11 minutes
to cast each one up so 22 minutes later
you leave no we're leaving okay you just
trail on foot yeah all right going over
the dunes on foot is way harder than
with the Phantom steeds
I'm overhead against we're gonna get
there we're gonna get a certain distance
and then cast it right so you get out of
the sand dunes far enough away from the
creatures that you're pretty sure they
can't catch you in - 22 minutes it'll
take you to to summon your steeds and
then you can book it and let's see 50
miles 13 miles an hour yeah you know
what even if you have to stop and recast
a ritual you can get to Hillsborough
that night that late late afternoon
early evening this is where the spell
keeper is for the shop right that was my
old friend that we took we went on a
date she lives in Hillsborough her name
yeah definitely I'm looking through my
notes and this is near where locks from
right yes he's from rock wave places I
was from correct we don't know if he's
dead well we don't know I didn't see a
buddy we gave a funeral to lock or
midori good so this is where the
Archmage bro Mulan Brahmans yeah yeah
Bravo
okay I like bro Mulan a lot better
that's it's a kind okay oh is this the
way we did the yeah so we have a friend
here and then you get to the gates of
the city and the city guards immediately
recognize the two of you like there's no
doubt in your mind and they recognize
that
view and as you approach they take a
slightly defensive stance not you know
threatening you or anything but they
whistle and you know come shoulder to
shoulder and sort of block your path and
say what do you want here um more
distance to the wizard
yeah the wizard and we're just here to
rest we don't mean any trouble how are
you guys doing Dave looks to pearl and
to kuhmo and goes are you with them oh
yeah we are you're with these sick [ __ ]
no I honestly mister I don't have many
friends in my life and they all free you
can pick better ones I understand that I
need I'm still growing up you know wait
hang on aren't you guys happy about that
giant you can come in
you're allowed in the city we've got our
eyes on you gnome and you barb oh we're
honored guests yeah I see yeah we won't
cause any trouble we appreciate your
hospitality mm-hmm
also we need to talk to the wizard cuz
there's like a huge demon army behind us
so we're actually here for some
important stuff no one in we're watching
you as you walk through the gates you'll
see there are posters caution dangerous
people posters plastered on either side
of the entrance tonight the four former
members of your party including Locke
and there's not a there's not a bounty
is there no there's no bounty it's just
like caution signs these are evil people
can I ask
I'll show them like the big obsidian
bastard sword and be like I'll tell them
that it came from a demon is there any
Yeti [ __ ] out of here I'm not talking to
you move all right better be funny to
see look kuhmo pearl look how popular we
are all over the world isn't this great
maybe any better friends feel like this
isn't the type of popularity one would
usually want well you'd be surprised you
get used to it
alright you make your way into Hillsboro
it's a bustling town every now and then
you'll catch somebody recognized
you and like quickly getting out of your
way or giving you a terrified skate
aired look or something like that no one
wants to confront you and you've got
plenty of breathing work are any people
like excited to see us really really
just to go back like when we brought in
the giant they were like spitting on the
giant and like clapping for us what
happened certainly that's a great
question oh no did they find out that
those weren't magic donkeys so can we
like ass like a passerby er like it's
like like hello wait why don't we do I'm
not tasty I'm way smaller than you what
did we do why are you scared that person
backs away in fear and terror I'll do
this to make the ground shake a little
bit no babe whoever thought Mukherjee
whoever it is bolts in honest-to-god
fear and the people around you start to
perk up because the ground is shaking
and then like they look towards the
center the center of the shaking and
they make eye contact with you and it
begins I tried to make it there by
Dionne the gnome though cuz he was like
talking to dude is that okay Bridget's
for a point 30 feet your choice within
range maybe if you'd said i originate it
on the gnome but if you don't that's
fine he can originate them yeah yeah
yeah generally speaking in D&D the more
you specify their actions the better
otherwise I nursed ones like Tyga take
the most default basic assumption that
yeah so it shakes on you and the people
in the streets begin to flee okay so why
did you do that what possible thing
could go on in your brain to think that
that was a good idea do you think that
was just a natural earthquake Gerald I'd
not really sure do I can I sense the
magic inside check something I don't
throw up a deception if you wanna to do
what to see if he's lying
well the insight beat the deception so
tells the truth Barbeau
ha I just thought that it might scare
him into telling us some things you know
did a little thing that I picked up from
my goddess ephra the greatest lady in
the world well you're certainly here to
fire I mean they already hate us as well
we might as well inspire more fear in
them so do you want to get arrested
again I think we could actually deal
with these maybe not the only place that
we are actually allowed to rest right
now in this region can we just chill for
a bit and find out what's going on let's
go see the Wizard no more no more
earthquakes okay for now okay brand new
I'm just can we go see the Wizard sure
you can go see the Wizard you make your
way to the castle in the town and they
of course recognize you will block your
path and ask you what you want you tell
them you're looking for the wizard and
they tell you to go hang out at they'll
name an in town at the emerald boar and
if the wizard wants to come see you
he'll come see you there well let him
know we'll let them know that it's a
dire matter and that very close to the
north there may be a impending doom
coming for the entire city they are they
they acknowledge it okay so we'll go and
we should hit that in and rest okay so
you head to the end you guys wanted to
take a long rest anyway right that's a
week yeah okay wait why don't we yes
there's no chance that fleshy stuff is
so far away it can't cover we move like
50 miles right you moved many many miles
yeah yeah okay okay you bet yeah you
move like 50 miles yeah just making sure
it's not gonna we're not gonna like wake
up covered in pink flesh no reason to
suspect that at this point in time okay
so we're but just before the long rest
captain barb oh yeah would you like me
to tell Jimmy to sail up here
uh yeah we're gonna need him to take us
to heatstroke okay that's something
we'll do in the one rest so you did send
that message to jiminy already about not
being able to make it right yeah are you
missing your third little spell slot I
actually didn't send that message yet
all right yeah so days later you send a
message to Jimmy and what do you say to
him it would literally be an extra night
it would just be like a half night
because on the way there I could have
sent it does that make sense so one two
three
so it's you have had three nights since
you left strong hind right so one two
three nights yeah I'm here at Hillsboro
on the late late in the evening on
Sunday March 3rd 15 11 mm-hmm okay so
I'll send them all so the message I'll
count it mm-hmm
Jimmy ran into trouble captain Barbeau
asks if you can come to Hillsboro I need
two more we're here yeah okay
and let's see little Jimmy what is your
charisma score Gerald
yeah that's a dumb stat whoever doesn't
take any [ __ ] in it's 11 all right
bust out the TUI player NPC encounter
reaction table Oh little Jimmy is pissed
oh [ __ ] you get back just like a
vitriolic smear of curse words and
insults and
helmets about your mother who's also
your sister and he's got planned for the
both of them in here you know it's the
sort of thing that makes you blank your
own mind it's just it's it's nothing but
pure frustration he is not [ __ ] happy
are you able to talk to him again I
think I could change his tune just tell
him I got [ __ ] for him if you can if not
that's with child pirates is not always
not necessarily the most reliable form
of transportation in the world
he's a child he'll he'll forget about
this a few hours it in that message did
he say if he was coming up here actually
I mean well we'll wait and see what
happens week right mom and you would
know Barbeau that to get from where he
was supposed to pick you up to over here
stay within line of coast is 400 miles
and he's going so I would probably take
him like a week or two probably two
weeks to get here okay I'll tell that to
Gerald and okay so so while we're so
while we're here I do want to visit the
spell shop but but before that can we
like listen to some rumors in the
taverns and just kind of try to get an
idea of like why we are I have an idea
why are people so scared what's like
going on the news remember I kind of
checked into the news I want to like
look at um like like Town Criers in the
area articles things like that sure I'll
roll anybody else oh well they're
looking to do that actually I'm kind of
curious in seeing the reaction as well
so could I try to find a contact on this
city to see what they have to say about
them absolutely I also don't need a
heavy sum to an orphanage hey thank you
so I will go and talk to them and see
figure out anything there yeah fantastic
yes the orphanage is up and running and
they're doing great okay I asked him why
they're like people are so virtual to us
sir yes okay so all three of you are
looking for information rumors on these
subjects so let's have you guys roll
with something charisma based as a bet
extract information from plunging you
know what's gonna do can jail do a vista
investigation cuz he's looking at town
criers like articles like he's going
like deep into the end stuff uh what I'm
trying to get it is that I think talking
to people is a charisma based skill and
like it's not talking he's looking for
news I guess I don't know how that's how
you can look for news without talks like
combing through papers right yeah news
look at the town crier like listen to
like read papers like read read things
that come out publications
unfortunately the Hillsborough press the
Hillsborough Times hasn't been invented
yet
the printing press hasn't been invented
yet so you're in a bit of a pickle when
it comes to like looking through this
stuff
how do people publish books in this they
write a thigh hand and it takes [ __ ]
forever and each book is basically
unique and almost priceless because that
probably took someone like six months to
make yeah Lily [ __ ] was hard back in the
day guys charisma would I be able to do
a deception check because I'm gonna act
like it really care but I don't really
care so I'm deceiving them in the fact
that I care a lot but in reality I don't
really care that much but I still want
the information I was just gonna have
you guys make straight charisma checks
that seems fine
Devon there you go perfect thirteen is
more than what I'm looking for so you go
up to town criers and you start asking
people and how do you approach them
Devon what is your your pitch okay
um actually KITT I would want to write a
rhyme but come back to you know improv
it
let's see um hello friend
I've just come from around the bend and
I'm trying to see what is the trend in
this town and it seems that some of us
have been known to an ill fate but we
know not to what end
could you help explain and perhaps I
would I it would be it would be better
for us to gain some more knowledge for
our big brain okay
those my best I've got so said our
travels are not in vain so the who is
this you're talking to and is that the
town crier that you're speaking to her
first Criers yeah like these news people
yeah yeah you find one of the Criers and
looks at you who goes you're the gnome
right the one that came in with the bar
bows and the man the giant axe bits a
time ago yes I am the one you know well
let's just say your penchant for murder
and disfigurement and barbarism the
barbarism as the bar Bove of the bar
bows as they say is well known but we
were to shoot the messenger no no of
course not we were asked to dress so
what caused all the fuss I the barbarism
of the bar bows you're you hacked a
person to shreds I know it's a giant but
poor bastard you could hear its cries
from the tower every now and then hmm
they say are you guys as afraid of the
wizard as you are of us I wouldn't say
so no kelp Romulan is a more or less an
upstanding man why he hasn't put the
creature out of his misery yet though
okay
well everyone seemed quite happy when we
brought the giant in yeah well everyone
was happy when George Bush passes the
Patriot Act's they're not so happy now
are we things change thumbs up man okay
I gotta go
can Barbeau isn't being religion if you
want to you can try and make it this is
like this counts is like a major city
right it's a maybe it's a big town it's
not a city Oh could I sell something at
like whole price here if it's a valuable
object or no give me more specifics
please um we had a we took a longsword
and a scroll from that tomb where you
went underneath it remember there was
other things right yeah well the scroll
just has like information about who it
was and the longsword you could sell
certainly you will probably never sell
it for full price because then how would
they ever make any money off of it right
so they'll buy it from half to
three-quarters of the price and then
they'll sell it for whatever they can
get sure what is my what am i selling it
for it's a nice it weighs three pounds
and costs 1500 cover murder three pounds
copper
you can sell it for 75 gold okay sounds
good seventy-five hundred copper yep kid
you want me to do my selling [ __ ] too
right now all right
what do you have to sell ornate shield
for bejeweled rings and my huge obsidian
blade the medium blade will be different
but yeah the shield you can sell no
problem for market value just under Sam
Sam
shields and its ornate so we will
increase its
[Music]
so you can sell the shield for 1200
copper the ornate rings the what we call
them bejeweled for bejeweled rings for
bejeweled rings they will sell for you
can get 2080 copper for those okay and
then can I try and sell the huge
obsidian blade as like so you know like
a world war peace like it might just be
like okay cool it's like another helmet
but if you attach a story to it and like
it cool then people are interested give
me a persuasion check so this will be
quick let's not do a check your a cleric
of ephra you're trying to inspire some
sort of like great story here right yeah
Zella so give me your best most
convincing story of why this blade is
important so we were adventuring in the
demon lands of each stroke and as a
cleric ephra i am tasked with one thing
and one thing alone doing the coolest
[ __ ] humanly possible so on this episode
of the coolest [ __ ] humanly possible I
went to heat stroke and single-handedly
took out a myriad of creatures I'll show
them the hands the foot the bits of
flesh and then my best jewel and I'll
pull down the huge obsidian bastard
sword how big is this do I think I could
convince somebody that this was like
wheels and a half sword it's halfway
between a longsword and a two-handed
sword so okay this was whit lead by the
commander of the army of demons and I
single-handedly took him out while my
party however did kill the rest of the
demon horde all right now give me a
fresh persuasion jack very doesn't
matter
the person nods long they they somewhat
believe your story
everyone over-exaggerated s-- you know
Susan willing to get at least and remove
a hundred thousand and gulp yeah so they
will buy the sword off of you they will
set what they think is a fair price and
make you an offer on it they will offer
you three thousand copper for it yeah
it's fun so in total I have 42,000
copper I was not doing the math along
with you I believe I got it right yep
okay cool got it thank you excellent so
let's flip over next to pearl that you
weren't trying to do anything right
you're just chilling I am writing my
book Plato
Oh your book is called quavo no no no
I'm just talking to you okay you can
call me Neil that's fine
okay all right yeah and okay I can't
call you a poo you can it's just no one
calls me Koivu really I thought nobody
calls you but I let you call me that if
you want that's fine I just go by Neil
most of the time I'm pretty sure you
change this I'm pretty sure before
nobody called you Koivu I guess I don't
know what people have been calling me my
professional career for the last five
years that's my that's the rule that's
the metagaming idea okay I can even I
can metagame the dm's name that's how
far so good what his name actually
brutal I want to hear more about your
book Lily look what you did Devon look
what you've done
I'm trying to publish a book about it
cheese and I want to eventually
mass-produce it I want to hire a bunch
of little gnomes to write it for me you
know I knew why gnomes what do you got
what what do you think gnomes are your
you think gnomes are your servants I'm
sorry did I ask you now you're saying
listen I'm gonna report you in the Ark
idiot well we'll come back to you on
that a little bit later
Barbeau you are next going down the line
you're looking around for why people are
pissed and afraid of you guys right yeah
I'm going to the orphanage don't want to
see what's doing see ya so you get to
the orphanage and you ask how it's doing
and it's going pretty well
they seem to have invested this money
really wisely they have bought two magic
donkeys which are promised to deliver
wonderful things to them the donkeys
just haven't done it yet but don't worry
we have spent money well these are good
donkeys I can tell mm-hmm all of the
money was towards the donkeys or they
were expensive their magic donkeys after
all that's good okay this is white
everybody this way don't invest in a
broad you know good things you just
invest in the people cuz Little Jimmy
does some cool good [ __ ]
whereas this place just wasted the
[ __ ] money in bureaucracy so mm-hmm
Barbeau is about to start investing in
more people I would like to go I guess
ask him why well I think I already know
people are upset how much would it cost
me to set up a little uh bar bows like
tavern here and have like because you
know how Jimmy is like setting up
subsidiary subsidiaries and something
like that
you want to like some property you want
to buy an existing tavern and then like
run it or have someone run it on your
behalf yeah I'm curious of the cost well
um I think that is a long-term project
it's probably not like a week I don't
think it'll into town and bite so if you
know I might take a couple months to
like buy a good property or if you want
to just do it like quick and dirty
we can manage something like that
let's set our expectations at something
reasonable um do I know offhand how like
I have liked to integral I think that
that is way too low to buy like a piece
of property and like run a business
correct yeah 200 gold 20,000 copper yeah
20,000 copper and a coppers roughly $1
so if you wanted to buy some property in
a town not necessarily a great town you
know you should be expecting to spend at
least a hundred thousand concur
I'll talk to Little Jimmy about it later
on one thing I do kind of want to set up
is I guess my big goal is to have like
to be able to go to huggy did you watch
Game of Thrones yeah no like the guy who
has like the like the bunch of kids who
are like his whispers I basically want
to cut better yeah Varys I kind of want
to set that up through orphanages where
I donate large sums and then I can go
and like communicate with children and
get whispers of the town okay not in a
weird way hmm
he means in a weird way sure sure
I think to properly do this sort of
thing you're gonna need to find a moment
when your party has some like serious
downtime and you've got like a month or
two they've really invest into a like a
large-scale project you know this is
this needs infrastructure you're gonna
need people to pay these kids yeah
collect messages while you're away
you're it's it's a complicated task yeah
so let's see there's one a family a
couple month but you can give it cool
cool
let's flip on over last not least to
Coombe oh you are look into your ear to
the ground folks right yeah I guess but
I mean we kind of covered a lot of
curious why these guys are hated yeah it
for you it's much easier to get
information about this because you're
not one of these people that they're
afraid of so the story you get is that
there have been some mountain giants
that live in the mountains and they've
kind of left the town alone and they've
been annoying but whatever and then this
[ __ ] out there he went and
hacked one of them to bits then he like
bound the wound so the kree should be
alive rub salt into the arms and leg
stubs so that it would like be in pain
but also so it would like be sterilized
torture
the poor creature dragged it back here
on his back dragged by two oxen through
the city streets leaving him a bloody
mess brought it to the wizard tower
where it's been imprisoned and crying
ever since and that wizard in town is
too afraid to do anything about it
so it just sits in the dungeon screaming
and crying itself to sleep every night
Barbeau is this like insanely murderous
person who just like rolled through did
some fucked-up [ __ ] and then pieced out
and everyone's like [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
is wrong with you suckers okay can we
all reconvene in front of the Wizards
Tower I guess is that were redoubling
yeah I mean the Wizards gonna come to
you guys yeah I want to see Barbara go
for it why do you always do this yeah
hey yeah I got some dumb scheme in my
mind let me go [ __ ] the party up yeah go
ahead man you guys have quite the
reputation if you guys heard the stories
about yourselves here tell us
these people seem to think that Barbara
over here was actually brave enough to
kill and murder and torture a giant can
you believe it that was told me before I
met my friend Locke before you decided
to run from every adventure that came
your way a lot yeah about this Locke you
seem to be quite fixated on sir can you
tell me about you and Locke's
relationship let me get my paper all
right and go gerald lights this place
I'll just walk away
oh no pearl I think when you took out
your pencil he must've thought it was a
weapon and he ran in fear we got to be
very slow around him we it's been a long
couple wizard coming where's yet we got
to go to the end to wait for the wizard
yeah he'll arrive the next day cuz you
arrived pretty late that night sounds
good you won't meet you there in the
afternoon and he brings a couple of
guards with him me too in a public place
and sits down on the opposite side of
the table from you and says well my
friends it's nice to see you in such a
public venue where there are so many
spectators what brings you back to
Hillsboro we're here to rest for the
week but we have a news most week master
wizard
lay it on me just to the north and
heatstroke is painted ground it appears
to be alive and while we don't we don't
know it's what its drive it's growing in
all directions
we estimate maybe a couple hundred feet
a day and with it comes these strange
pits that are spewing demons forth and
we encountered these and fought them
Barbeau over here has some of their
corpses in the in his pack I think yeah
I will reveal the corpses and stuff and
then I guess like my goal is like I want
to kind of slip away after I'm like kind
of unnoticed I'll reveal the stuff and
like let drilled handle it but I want to
like slip away and go find like where
the giant I would assume that like
[ __ ] big giant so he's gonna be
somewhere in this tower within like
you're not in the Wizards Tower oh I try
to say I want to go to the yeah yep well
can I slip away and go to the wizard
tower sure but the Wizards Tower is
gonna be with him to keep itself and
that's got a whole sense of their guards
anyway I'm at the tower that's going on
uh-huh so that sounds terrible it's
pretty terrible right you know who needs
to know about that
the Queen you should go tell her yeah so
about that we're probably gonna do that
but have you heard any news about he
stroke from being this close to it from
where you are about a year ago we sent
out a actually and he stops and starts
thinking to himself how close to this
date are we uh and goes you know it was
I think exactly a year ago that we sent
out a band of knights and men at arms to
go see what was happening in heatstroke
they didn't come back
let me get yeah yeah that was after we
had already said a sent out another
smaller expedition just a few people and
they didn't come back we've had some
ships sail along the coasts and the town
seems to be covered with something
similar to what you said and there are
lights in the skies at night sometimes
the fish in the area has seemed to have
disappeared so the fishermen don't go
there anymore scales of hydraulic system
is draggin have washed up on school on
the shore in great numbers my able to no
one goes near the water yeah you can
told me interrupted no no goes there
anymore
I'll interrupt him and be like it seems
like both you and Strom Heim are
interested in sending people out on like
massive parties took like go see what's
happening heatstroke but they never come
back and you guys are not worried in the
least bit you just keep sending people
to go and die and then you don't follow
up with it at all you're just like oh
well they're dead well we send one group
they didn't come back so we sent another
group which is following up on it and
they long ago and now you're just gonna
ignore the problem until did promise for
you hahaha I calm down now mister barb
oh no need to get angry calm down we
have been we've done what we can with
the problem but if people don't come
back and there are bigger fish to fry
there are more pressing problems than
people that just go missing like what it
is I'm sure we're stressing where demons
are like spawning and we do know that
there were any demons spawning anywhere
this is news to us
really because sent people out and they
didn't come back guys
well there's yeah well what other
problems are so big that you didn't
concern yourself with this refugee
crisis the food shortage is the drying
up of the Seas which further exacerbate
the food shortages the the war that is
going on we sometimes get ships from
mrreow that are coming around trying to
raid our shores so we've been trying to
vendôme off small landing parties from
dreck us have been landed near the what
Shima call that place near the patch
wood and have been attacking small farms
and villages in the grazing meadows you
know the general collapse of society and
war raging around us and the pressing
day-to-day matters what do you just move
remember here he's a bit slow I would
never call him that to his face
so anyway so ok there are now you have
this information is there any we are
going to go back to Strom Haim and also
report this there there may be some any
information that you can provide do you
think that would be useful for us to
take a vote out there or of your people
already kind of seen what there is to
see there's more of those pits people
lights dead fish my people won't go
anymore the fish in that area have dried
up and as I said hydrolysis scales have
been washing up on the shore and many
fear him/her it dead the dragon fear no
evidence one way or the other other than
the scales that wash up on the beaches
so you know night Roxas Hydrox this was
like neutral right like if she's in it
she he it I don't know but it was a Miss
dragon yeah yeah yeah so what is your
plan now to deal with this issue in heat
stroke because the creep is moving
forward at an alarming rate well I'm not
the lord of the town so I have no plans
to deal with it I must confer with other
people and you know the the wheels of
bureaucracy go slowly everyone has
something political to gain from
everything that happens can we speak
with the Lord of the town then what
would you have to say I want to inform
him of this issue since it seems your
incompetence has made heatstroke oh and
notice multiple times
sure I can arrange that meeting I should
go and do that now goodbye and he gets
up and walks out sometimes I think he
should let me do the talking
you're too busy rhyming yeah you're
right well now he's walking huh I see
reading them that great conversation
guys nice don't worry if he [ __ ] with
us we can just accent more murders in
this town we might as well live up to
the hype how's that book coming Lily um
can I like put up posters around the
town hiring gnomes for writing books
will pay five three how much money do I
have hold on well yeah five gold apiece
only have five gold I will play two
copper an hour no self-respecting gnome
is gonna take that price and a jobs a
job okay so they work for half the rate
who's gonna write all these posters me
I'm gonna paste them around we have two
weeks all right we're gonna buy it
you're gonna just like write a whole
bunch of posters being like gnomes
wanted for they're not even posters I'm
just ripping the pages out of my already
existing sketchbooks to save money nice
warm the halfling council of her racism
tell her to work with work with dwarves
they're cheaper than why is that why are
you why don't you say for short people
are vertically challenged or okay I'll
rewrite it gnomes slash dorbz
to copper now what about halflings
yeah what about half plans oh yeah we
draw the lines of that I'm only gonna
hire people who are shorter than me
because it makes me feel like I'm
actually the boss nice see what so she
wishes you do that generally speaking
scribes which is what you're looking for
have a daily rate of 100
I'm not looking for a professional
scribe okay I'm just looking for you if
your handwriting is legible I don't care
you know how hard it is to read and
write and a fantasy society this old
it's basically a superpower all they
have to do is copy what I wrote it's
like just tracing almost you know yeah
yeah okay you get two people that come
to you they are a pair of dwarves they
arrive being like yeah paying I know my
letters I can write it yeah write your
name right now the proven with give me
some pen and paper I gave them a piece
of paper and the cheap pencil he gets
the the quill dips in the ink and like
writes his name and it just says Garth
and the other guy writes his name and it
just says Brooks Brooks
alright Garthim Brooks you want to be
rich yeah so what I have for you is a
vision Garthim Bruce you understand me
mm-hmm so well here's what we're gonna
do we're gonna write books Carthon
Brooke and these books are gonna sell so
well we're gonna be reached by the end
of this month but you're gonna have to
be patient with me you know I'll give
you 35 percent of the cut if you're in
this with me we're in it for the long
haul we're here to rock and roll the
whole country yeah I'm gonna put my hand
in the middle they all put their hands
in all right so the whole book right you
said 15.com for an hour
ah I said too but I said to Butler but
you can choose you want 15 clobberin are
or are you really gonna give up your
only chance to be rich 35 percent you
know I'm feeling really generous I like
you guys I'll raise it up to 40 percent
for you only for you guys there are
other people have come to me beforehand
and it's fighting given that hmm 40
percents good take I mean they exchange
looks and one of them Brooks says you
know what I need the money now I'll take
the hourly wage and Garth says oh you
know what I'll take the percentage that
way we cover both our
we're brothers we stick together you
know what they're enough I can I can
appreciate that I'll give you 15 copper
an hour you said that's what you said
that's that's not what I said I said two
copper per hour and my posterior you
know the 2 and the 5 are the same thing
very similar how about I raise it to 6
copper now there you go all right 6 copy
now and Garth you get 40% when all the
royalties are paid out they slap the
table and excitement nice all right I've
written up a contract can you both
please sign it they both sign it give us
the supplies and we'll get started
hey I have one copy so far all you have
to do is write as many as you can ok ok
so you give them paper and pen and
everything yeah I get them everything
okay so are you is this like a book or
is this it's just a single page or what
is this thing you're selling take a
short book of like my adventures and
stuff give me a page count let's see 25
pages but it's like but it's like really
cool I kinda like the super cool
adventures of pearl the barb bought that
in pearls a bard with the Bartos it's
like really really cool and stuff I drew
all over and everything okay 25 times
100,000 so each like you're gonna need
to get a couple of like books to have
this written in right so you can go
ahead and buy some books that are of 25
pages it's gonna be 4,500 copper per
book because this [ __ ] is expensive back
in the days can I go to a kuhmo and ask
him hey buddy you wanna invest in my huh
my prized gopher because that was at 4.5
gold per book 45 gold a book that's five
golden wait what do you five go with a
book papermaking is extremely difficult
when you have to do the okay I'm gonna
condense it this is gonna be a 3-piece
book okay so it's a hundred it's a one
gold per page
20 gold for the binding on a book so
maybe you want to do like pamphlets and
sampler let's go to pamphlets you know
alright I start to wonder if this is a
good idea maybe it's a better way to
allocate your resources in my life with
this party Pro we haven't even had any
patience so wouldn't it be better to
start a book with the end in mind we've
already had our promise most of us just
don't know how to read so it seems
useless you know pearl I've got an extra
20 gold here I can throw you maybe that
I get you a few more books printed but
it's pamphlets I gotta give her a 20
gold alright it's 25 gold per pamphlet
set that you know per pamphlet that
you're gonna produce itself so you can
how many pamphlets do you wanna buy you
know what you got to start somewhere so
you you've taken the book that you've
had you've written this long story in it
you buy a single pamphlet to give to
Garth and Brooks to like write and like
fill out so that you can sell it for
like you know five or ten times as much
to some great collector somewhere right
that's true you're right it's gonna be
great you're gonna sell it to some bard
for a bunch of money and they're gonna
make money singing your song it's gonna
be wonderful
maybe I have I'm very optimistic about
this endeavor great
so Garson Brooks take your your pamphlet
and head off to go to go copy it for you
they didn't ask your money upfront
no one's getting the 40% and the others
getting paid I guess I feel like that's
towards their foolish creatures Oh to
ask for a an amount upfront just to
prove that she has the money but
shovelers what are you gonna do in
all-in Polk Gerald I'd take out my pipe
and smoke it
[Music]
all right the next day you can get an
audience with the Lord of Hillsboro a
dwarf named Baron Wiley deep hill
Barbeau this one time don't screw it up
Isaac Gerald I speak dwarvish I think
that's gonna really listen Alice Bob
whispers oh I might have my opinions
against dwarves but this dwarf has
really worked him he's worked up from
nothing probably he pulled himself up by
the bootstraps and he survived
I think this dwarf is of the utmost
intelligence and therefore I'm good to
talk to him all right buddy good luck I
believe in you
you guys can get as many good ones you
guys can go to the castle will they will
ask for your weapons before they allow
you to meet their their Lord you guys
gonna try and smuggle anything through
no pots now you can keep your staff old
man that's but wait a minute
then they go and pat down all the double
check yeah they take your [ __ ] you find
yourself in a comfortable sitting room
where there is already the lord of the
area plus the wizard plus a half-dozen
well armed guards in plate male standing
around just in case things go wrong
there's no chances with you guys and
there is Baron Wiley deep hill he's
three foot 783 pounds a hundred and
seventy years old stroking a long red
beard looking shifty between the four of
you hi my wizard fool that he is says
you all know something about heatstroke
while I'm sure you know something about
stroking your heat I don't know if you
know nuttin that matters to me and mine
I approach it a victim you want me to do
yeah okay um greetings master dwarf we
come with with it with a tail
of great look yeah there's this there's
a lot of problems in the North
everything that was incest is true this
is a fleshie ground that is that is
coming here wait
Barbeau we need the Lawrences yeah
because I still have the foots and
whatnot O'Brien
these are of the demons in the fleshy
area of heatstroke and this area is
quickly expanding even as I speak
towards Hillsboro so I and also towards
Strom Heim and it brings with it these
I'll call them cocoons of gala toll
remains which demon they're spawning an
alarming rate I think that this is of
the utmost important and of a complete
and utter I don't know it's needed to be
dealt with
uh-huh now tell me buddy
are these demons edible I'll speak to
him into remission say no they're not
edible that's a damn shame
my people are getting hungry we need a
new source of food well wait about this
fleshy ground is it meat can it be eaten
and it smelled like barbecue it's quite
possible you could eat it the gnome
speaks true um I do think that you could
eat the ground and I'd actually you know
what I've changed my mind I do you think
that you can eat the demons after mime
remembering the smell it seems like an
abundant source of food I don't know how
it tastes I didn't partake it myself all
right all right and you've come to me
with what an offer a proposal or juggies
you think I should run my domain the way
that you want it to be run I come with
you with like a plea just for the people
of this area honestly I think that these
demons are big enough if we don't have
united front that we are gonna be
overrun and eventually the race of
dwarves gnomes half elves elves battle
so you're coming to me tall angry man
with a there's monsters to the north
please do something about it not do
something about it please help us I'm
we're under direct order of Queen Queen
[ __ ] pants Queen little [ __ ] you can't
keep her kingdom together Queen failure
that she destroyed the greatest Empire
Arcadia has ever seen
I don't think Queen Kiara sanguine is
gonna take kind to those words when I
report back to her of what you said Oh
Oh Kiara sanguine is not gonna take
kindly to my word why don't she March
her ass over here and do something about
it instead of sitting behind her walls
letting her people do her work for her
letting us bleed and starve can only
come as a humble messenger my lord
mm-hmm well you tell her the next time
you see her that the deep hills and got
no use for a faulty queen we ain't got
no use for a queen who doesn't fight for
us so what are you gonna do about these
demons man have you a plan I have a plan
the dwarves always have a plan you know
what we're gonna do
we'll build a wall well keep them out
they're not gonna be able to march on
our city these today Hittle is there he
says pointing in the direction of the
the hills what are they called
Rock Rock Ridge these hills
great defensive terrain no if they don't
have boats and you ain't said nothin
about votes they'll never get over that
terrain to us and the walls of
Hillsborough are tall I'm strong we'll
hold them there let the rest of Aragon
deal with their problems
how many valuables do you have stored in
this city come on what kind of question
is the head through the remnants of this
destroyed City once the enemies have
already overrun and destroyed everything
maybe we could pick it take certainly
there's plenty of treasure in the depths
of our halls if we
to you than to them that killed us I
think we should leave here bar but we
can come back and loot them after
they've been destroyed I'm just really
like the vast majority of the towns in
this wait wait a minute
what have you heard of count vicious to
the to the west anything and his army do
you know this I know that he's causing
problems for people in the Far West he
knows better than to try and come East
wait County has stood on its own for a
long time we've been a center of economy
a center of trade center of horse
breeding we can do all right we're fine
on our own okay well you with your
people in the streets starving a new
source of food now we can go out and
take what we need hopefully so maybe you
can fight it back with us and then use
it as a source of food well you know
general now you're gonna start leading
my armies for me if you'd like oh you
come one confident to do it all you say
is oh I want you to do something and
then you give no specifics and [ __ ]
about my answers you know what you are
fine your arm in hockey art and chair
general fine give me the task of leading
your armies into heatstroke
oh I don't trust you work of it what are
you some sort of Walker get out of here
he says figuratively all right look I'm
just gonna say we know a guy that tried
to build a wall and everyone came in
anyway just keep that in mind
mmm we already have good strong walls
they'll hold firm and these demons if
they come for us we'll take care of them
they ain't gonna get past our axes if
you've killed one well then we can
certainly kill more well I think
I think we've said enough with this guy
we'll go back and report to Kiera and
hopefully she didn't storm your lands
why don't you lead her armies this way
that way we'll have a chance to meet
proper if I had the great fortune of her
letting me lead her armies into here
that would they were there's almost
nothing that would bring me more
pleasure master Shoveler what do you
call them what do you call stupid human
oh right a stupid human Colisee to leave
what do you call a stupid dwarf one's
never been found before we just call
them dwarves chuckles along with you
gives you an approving nod I like this
guy
you're all right Master Dwarf honestly I
kind of like him yeah yeah short people
got to stick together we'll see you
again soon
have a good rest of your day very much
for their coffins all right
the nobles and Hillsborough seem to be
preoccupied with their own stuff and
don't really trust you don't really want
to work with you on any particular
account wonder why what do you want to
do next back well you don't wait for a
little Jimmy coming okay so you can take
the rest of your week here in town
resting no one gives you any trouble
just chip me out some money for your
room and lodgings are you sure that
they're gonna make us pay they will give
you a bill if you don't want to pay the
bill we can go into that but they will
bill you um I'd like to go see my friend
in the spell shop also yes just to say
hello and the share of books again cuz
we exchange spells in the past she was
happy to do it
you know I'll show her my new list and
see if she's interested in anything
right so are you guys I take it you're
splitting rooms that's what usually
people used to do even Lincoln had two
spare beds with people when he was
somewhere between his no not even
wartime just regular time was it wasn't
there was a people sharing beds Oh pants
not quartering or whatever right we got
to ordering this that's taking someone's
house over yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't
remember the name can we uh guys can't
we just all share one room no you know
to save money me a child share rooms
yeah good so two of you need to chip up
175 copper can I use bad reputation or
put it in chat for me bad reputation
people are afraid to do do do you can
get away with minor criminal offenses so
you just refuse to pay your bill and
let's make a quick check here no one
comes after you know why I'm trying to
extort the bill from you in any way
Kubo pace is built like a good citizen
and it's not on anyone's [ __ ] list
everybody's already mad at us [ __ ] you I
will pay that bar as well wait we were
in the same room you want to just pay
our bill to him yeah oh here we go that
solves that problem listen come on I'll
sleep on the 475
in gold 175 copper 1750 copper and gold
it's one gold and 125 sofa cover you bad
reputations over to [ __ ] go yes I mean
that's all I can do I can't get away
with crazy thing Gold great a week
passes all of your spell slots are
restored all of your HP is restored all
of your hit dice are restored all the
things are good Rach wait oh and we
level a pod you love them did we did I
level cuz I'm alive we all have a lot of
creatures over there I think
wait can we talk about milestones quiver
that sounds like a mouse toes it's a
great time I think we just think well
the last time you guys
I can tell you tell me exactly my dear
dude notes the last time we leveled was
for 319 it looks like just before no
even further than that looks like it was
like two sessions ago no it was least I
was a bad joke but I think it's accurate
that's one month ago and I think we've
been playing every other week it was at
least five so in terms of actual
episodes it looks like just before
episode 15 and since then there's been a
lot so like more importantly than length
we can talk about it's not it's not the
length of time it's how you use it quite
a bit I completely agree with you I feel
like we haven't done any combat I think
this is like the first comment we've
done in like one or two sessions we had
gone through all of the Malachi Ark we
went through the tavington Ark we went
through the the Knights Inn fending arc
when you say for 3:19 do you mean April
or March is it March 4th or April 3rd
the 3rd of April was the was at was the
episode where the crown hit the stone
Locke fell walked in before that was 322
2019 where we were in the treasury room
with vicious that alone wasn't saying we
didn't even level up there and that was
where like barboo actually our bow
actually I sneaked down grab that's all
the magical items we fought the banshee
the the totally balanced Banshee that is
completely a completely reasonable and
it I mean even then we just build like a
clay golem I don't totally one-shot half
the group and then all that so the last
time we leveled was 3:13 2019 actually
let's see
March 13th is when you love old
according to my last notes yep
that's what I got two or three thirteen
he doesn't mention all right
14 what have we done go to clay golem
let's see Philosopher's Stone do to do
to do to do do do to do to do to do to
do so we literally completed our main
story are right lady tavington which was
a whatever what about the vampire lady
that's that was a sad snub for us that
story was the crowded domination then
Midori and Locke that I never do
anything with a chrono domination oh did
we where we supposed to like a man like
we escaped vicious malli
we didn't get that for him are you I'm
trying to [ __ ] get us a level can you
shut the [ __ ] up with that [ __ ] crowd
we didn't do all that work for him to
have some [ __ ] not Malachi side
that's for damn sure
I admire commitment and integrity to
your your mission just try to get a
level yeah go ahead
we can hit yeah boy and cleric everybody
I'm about to talk to my god yep yep I'm
almost 7 oh really
why is my um where am i hit dice [ __ ]
that or do I really roll a 1 d 4 don't
you roll a 6
I think hope you change I don't remember
them they changed warlocks let's get
some more locks should be rolling d
eights 4 hit points I don't know why
yours is worked let's take a look at
your settings
Oh hit died d4 that's weird
there you go
that fix the problem
yeah yep all right clothes my
inspiration for this no please just ask
please oh please that bardic inspiration
and my inspiration for this
no okay all right Lily good luck okay
let's see it all right that's nice Ted
average inspiration No Oh barb oh she's
just gaining regular hit points from
wait I'm taking a level and cleric so
should I roll a cleric die isn't that a
cleric die right there I clicked Road
but they're the same so wizard is 1d6
right or how does it work I'm sorry
this is our d6 so it's 1 d6 + 2 your con
is at least 14 uh yeah yeah 1 d6 + 2
holy crap oh well does or warlock just
rolling head dice right or hit dime yep
okay please don't all share Rochelle
Rochelle Rochelle haha
perfect just like it's dig I'm say what
what's wrong with you kind of hit some
feels weird man in the chat oh my God
where would your um where would ephra is
like thing be and it was is it under
clerics on regal goblin do you know what
is I'm looking for ephra some so you
know how am i cleric now of ephra and
you did a whole write-up on the players
stuff where would that be under in the
more specific because you said the
cleric stuff and I don't know about all
of the spells and like all of the domain
I guess the stuff they get from cleric I
don't know
oh you mean there's a specific sub
cleric class for tiara I have PMDD it to
you in discord just scroll up I got it
thank
sorry we're all guys subject change for
you yeah Lois not Neal it's additional
magical seekers and six lovely you
learned to spells of your choice or any
class the chosen spells countess bart
spells for you but don't count against
the number of Bart's tells you know does
that mean so do i how many spells like
yet I'm confused right so you can
normally have memorized a number of
spells equal to your charisma modifier
plus your level or something like that
I don't member these specifics this
means you can learn two more spells that
you always have memorized that don't
count against the that regular maximum
so for if that makes sense
I don't I've already forgotten what
you've said so I have to look it up it
is counter charm your sixth level right
yeah I already put that counted turn the
other one and this is the other one the
other thing image Auber yeah
additional Euler to spells from your
choice smells Lucy level so pick two
more spells from any of the fifth
edition' spells which I will send you a
link to there you go so pick to you that
our third level or lower and you can
just add those to your character sheet
as well as you know occasionally when
you gain a level in this class you could
choose one of the bard spells you know
replace with another birds film which
also okay so you get to learn so how
would this you get two spells that are
special they will always be these two
spells and you will always know them
forever they will always be memorized
and then you can learn two more spells
from the bars there's one more spell
from just
got it so it's like three in total yeah
three in total okay and you actually
spells memorized you just you just know
certain spells you don't have them
memorized for a day or something yeah so
at total since you are now a level six
bard you should know eleven spells not
in counting not weekend trips yeah yeah
so grab free one from bard two from
whatever any other questions about class
levels gerald tell us what you get all
right it's gonna be a while this is a
huge level for me well he figures his
stuff out he said Barbeau I did say barb
oh um I get channel to channel divinity
which is inspire starting in second
level you can use your channel community
grants brain does around you I had a
question about this is it a spell or is
it like a free action like a bonus
action like once per rester how does the
channel divine energy directly from your
deity using that energy to fuel magical
effects you start with two such effects
turn on dead and in effect determined by
your domain which is the one that you
just got right now effects blah blah
blah when you use your channel divinity
you choose which to create you must then
finish a short or long rest before you
can use your channel divinity again some
channel divinity effects require saving
throws which you can use bubble blah and
then some other craft that we don't need
to worry about you can there are
specific rules for the turn on dead
channel Finity indeed Player's Handbook
and I do get turned Undead yes and the
one that you have yeah those rules can
be found on page 59 of the player san
bones the PHP
and I'll put them in features and traits
all right thanks and kuhmo what do you
get mr. warlock I'm at level 6 I get
something called a cursed Specter
studying a sixth level you can curse the
soul of a person you slay temporarily
binding it to your service when you slay
a humanoid you can cause its spirit to
rise from its corpse as a specter the
statistics for which are in the Monster
Manual well the when the spectre appears
against temporary HP equal to half your
warlike level roll initiative for the
spectre which has its own turns it obeys
your verbal commands and against a bonus
a special bonus to its attack or else
people to your charisma modifier the
spectra Ranson your service till the end
of your next long rest at which point
advantages to the afterlife and you help
me this once for a long rest ok so you
can have one Spectre out of time if you
kill a person that you've marked right
yeah yeah cool cool yeah perfect my
channel divinity will give everybody
around me inspiration die I suppose I
don't really remember what it was let me
look it up yes beautiful to those around
you you choose a number of creatures up
to cleric modifier plus your cleric
level or chrismal to the ten already
have inspiration yeah so you can give it
to anyone that is yes what is your
charisma modifier 3 yeah so you can give
to five people and then they can use
inspiration in the next 10 minutes
amazing thank you you're welcome okay so
everyone rests and everyone levels
once all that is done and you are
gathered around the table at the end
you're in the Emerald Bohr comes the
question of what to do now where are you
gonna go we'd already sort of talked
about it but let's reiterate it I think
that our plan is to currently go to
heatstroke with little drinkin but we do
need to talk I mean that's what we're at
asked with doing right
we're to ask to go and investigate
heatstroke more way uh we're not going
back to the clean no jail we can just
talk to her oh yeah okay what yeah over
the week I can message Joris yeah well
we'll talk about what we do there but I
think at this point we tell the queen
that we found ground growing outward
I'll have to send like two messages we
found ground growing outward demons
coming forth probably an army we're
going to the sea to investigate more and
then we'll come back do we say that that
sounds good yeah I'll just say that -
yeah and like - yeah and you'll get back
from Joris who's now working as an
adviser to the Queen sounds like he'll
get a painter to do a drawing or a
painting so we have some idea of what
we're talking about any of you paint
pearl does I draw yes okay and then like
just a couple like be aware large demon
army amassing ground growing every day
Strom Haim should prepare how big of an
army untold thousands all right do you
want to give me a deception check is
that that's what I actually believe is
that okay wait wait I misinformed I
thought there was like literally those
demons spawning pits as far as the eye
could see
yeah those things were all over the
[ __ ] place totally wouldn't it be
appropriate to assume like hundreds of
thousands would that be
sure sure I just wasn't trying to take
any assumptions about what those meant
to you guys if you believe those each of
those represents like multiple monsters
that are going to hatch and attack
everyone then you do not need to
deception check that's that's my genuine
belief right now with perks who knows
yeah cool
lovely so the plan is to further
investigate heat stroke and then at some
point to see why Fortuna and count
vicious don't really care about what's
going on over here
so I'm sort of know why Hillsboro
doesn't care I think we're trying to get
as much information about heatstroke as
possible and then we're looking for some
connection with vicious and the demons
since it's very odd that fortune has
never been attacked or doesn't see even
though they're directly in the path they
don't seem to have had any problems of
the demons so we're trying to link those
things together and we're hoping to find
more information on the trip with Jimmy
which we can then report back to the
Queen and maybe we can meet back with
the Queen and come up with like a
cohesive plan together hmm
okay cool everyone on board with this
yeah it seems okay right so where are
you gonna set out to first heat stroke
by land by sea yeah we were going to
wait for a little Jimmy to take us right
we do we assume that little little Jimmy
is coming
yeah little Jimmy's coming yeah yeah
it'll be another week for him so someone
ship out to people to about 175 copper
again and at the end of your second week
sure enough little Jimmy
sort of arrives yeah really happens is
in walks one of his sailors into your
tavern and comes up to your table and
goes alright Jimmy's here ain't happy
I got money for Jimmy it'll make them
happy Oh bleep wait yes I'm super sorry
I did before like we go on this arc I
wanted to visit the spell shop remember
oh right you did say that long ago
alright let's do that [ __ ] Oh God we
don't have to make it
big deal but like it's like I was
friends with the shopkeeper and we trade
spells like we've done it yeah I think
it's scarlet that sounds about right now
wasn't yes scarlet was because it is
Locke's family's friend or cousin or so
we ran Geraldton especially Good
Standing cuz like they had that date we
win and friends then like that's where
that's actually where Joel got fireball
yeah so sure enough you head back to
Scarlett she sees you and goes well if
it isn't my favorite no who's come into
my very own home what can I do for you
today hello fellow friend it's been a
great time and it's good to see you're
still great at rhymes we've been through
much and as such I'm sorry it's been so
long that we've been out of touch but I
come back with some interesting spells
so I thought it would be well if we sat
down awhile and traded what we know and
so our knowledge could again grow
together let me see your book and we'll
make a trade
cool sure great it includes two fifth
level spells what our fourth level
spells one's gonna be polymorph but I
don't know the other one yet okay so
what do you want do you have like
specific spells you want are you just
looking for a list that you can peruse
either is good right now
if she has any fourth level spells that
would be amazing amazing all right let's
take a look here fourth level wizard
spells
[Music]
so she has a single fourth level wizard
spell you can extrapolate what that
might mean about her later and her
fourth level spell is what's a fun
fourth level spell oh sure don't give me
a faithful hat now I was thinking about
giving you some are graded some greater
demon but of course not that's only for
the memes that's actually a great spell
it's actually so insane yeah I'm
considering taking that but I probably
won't have enough - I only have one slot
first so it's got to be like yeah I also
think I would probably Nix that one
spell as well I don't think that's one
that's gonna be available to anyone okay
yeah it's super strong it's it's it's
pretty ridiculous nah she has dimension
door interesting okay yeah I mean I'll
trade her polymorph straight across for
it all right so you gave her poly more
if she gives you dimension door I guess
there's no role to learn so you just get
yeah and did you want any other first
second third fourth yeah actually I'm
looking for a really simple spell just
comprehend languages would be yeah I
just never really yeah you can buy for
100 gold offer you sold me a level three
spell for $100 should be a hundred gold
for level we didn't do that before you
voice looks I promise i buy all my gun
level three four hut ago i scammed
myself
it's always been 100 GP for spell level
okay oh that's the rate I'll take it
yeah it is I I guess you just got super
cheap spells up until now I don't know
how how I [ __ ] that one out but also
I'll take comprehend languages oh wait I
actually already have it how do I learn
it I must have learned it from the
wizard here I'll look back at my notes
already have that let me let me check
then there's no way to learn can trips
right right can trips are set by class
restrictions I believe does she want to
trade any level fries I have a lot of
level threes what did you want from
pearl see she has it and then I'll see
if I can looking for so sleet storm
would be pretty neat are you gonna are
you gonna take DM ruling on thunder
stuff where like if I I can't take
thunder stuff kind of sucks cuz you
can't take someone larger with you so it
makes the spell totally useless but it
would be but if I've never like really
understood that
so I guess I if that's the ruling on
that then I'd probably take like
clairvoyance or yeah you can't take
someone a size larger than you okay
that's like no one so yeah clairvoyance
lead storm pretty great she definitely
has clairvoyance let me see if she has
sleet storm actually take clairvoyance I
think that's really good for bad time
yeah she does not have sleet storm let
me quickly take a look at your third
little spell see if you have anything
that she wants has to be something I've
such a huge list
do-do-do-do-do oh she wants to read
memory spell alright anything else
no she wants to read memory mmm
that's a very powerful spell we've been
such good friends so far how do we yeah
but I promised this wizard that I
wouldn't I wouldn't give it up you know
we all make promises in life right
I remember I was once dating this boy
back when I will must have been 14 or 15
years old I promised him I would love
him forever turns out that wasn't true
the yeah but you know between wizards
like we have to keep our knowledge and
like it's like if we don't have our word
then you know what are we worth in the
end because people we like our Wizards
like everything is our knowledge and
we've been good this far you know this
one I think we have to keep and if I
come across another spell though I'll
come back really I thought we had a
special friendship going on here a
special connection you know I I gave you
fireball
come on that's no ordinary third circle
smell its fireball I actually didn't get
fireball from her I got it from the
wizard book from the guy we killed like
a long time ago
it was something like let's see I'm
taking a lot of time from the party
right now Pacific I got I got like I
don't remember
I'd have to it's not even in my notes I
don't think it was you blah blah blah
don't you remember it's such a classic
spell Oh blah blah blah blah blah blah
is a great spell and it has found me
well but I have also given you great
spells I tell you what my friend
Scarlett I will come I will come to you
with a very interesting spell and we'll
do this and we will do this trade again
pray tell and you will not be
disappointed but that way I don't have
to break my promise to the powerful mage
who who gave me who left me this spell
you know Gerald I'm not angry with you
I'm just little Jimmy's one of his
henchmen
and goes alright Little Jimmy he's got a
ship it's down the coast a couple miles
we gotta go now I think the guards
recognize me when I came into town and
so Jimmy sure as hell can't park here in
the dock here in town so let's get the
[ __ ] out of here can my HP be reduced to
zero all right and the party can head
down the road out of town hop on to
little Jimmy's boat and he looks you
guys up and down and goes no one pulls a
fast one on little Jimmy you told me to
be somewhere as a favor to you and you
weren't there and then you're only two
weeks away yeah I gave him 45 golden you
takes your gold and throws it overboard
damn it I go after it Jimmy [ __ ] can I
learn that one from you barb oh you
learn quick Jimmy am i able to get my
gold kobe i can't go after it with a
perception check to see if i can see
where it lands and jump in the water and
grab it that's super hard dude no ocean
there's kind of a deep plates and you're
not necessarily docks you know you rode
out its lost you know when you should
let him jump and roll for it
alright bar go jump in the water give
you a perception check ask captain
barber jumps in the water i cast
darkness on him he probably drowns now I
don't it's gone he threw it overboard
it's just [ __ ] gone alright do you
mean yeah I did it's just a matter
hundred forty five a night we can't take
it with us well I hope Jimmy that the
laugh was worth it for you and I hope
you're no longer mad at us cuz you got a
good giggle out of that one didn't you
seeing me jump in the water now I'm all
wet and foolish my socks are wet - Jimmy
I hope hope everything really worked out
there mm-hmm now where are we going
what sort of booty we takin heatstroke
he gives himself his own chuckle to that
uh-huh
and every lady's there there be there be
wealth gold booty well your mother up in
weather light there be the thickest
ladies in heat stroke there's just
demons we're near killed demons but you
after can go venture to weather like
maybe even go to Pine spur I hear good
things about pine spirits you some did
you have me sale two weeks just so I
could taxi you 50 miles well we can't
really go through the land Jay Manuel
you'll find this funny
you had me sail for two weeks so you
could I could taxi you 50 miles
well Jimmy two weeks was it that bad
could you you'll be there in a day or
two another ship huh what'd you call me
from halfway across the world to be your
little your little your your little taxi
huh big his little Jimmy you agreed to
it you could have just not come I think
we're both kind of I thought I was gonna
be taken the great captain Barbeau on a
piratey quest instead all he wants me to
do is drop them off on the shore well
fine
I'll take you to the heat stroke and
I'll drop you off where's out of it
that's it we we don't need to follow you
you're not some great pirate captain
that [ __ ] you're just some jackass who
spread stories of his pirating days I
bet you never even boarded a ship though
Jimmy you're breaking my heart right now
take you to say the truth hurts Barbara
take it back Jimmy I'll take it back the
moment you prove yourself a man I put my
store down Little Jimmy hit all his crew
members pull their swords Little Jimmy
you won't have a duel with me you really
need a live HD my time and smoke it a
one-on-one Jimmy how about you drop your
sword drop your pants bend over on your
head all right
and why don't we meet up with the battle
next week oh my god Jimmy when I had the
chance
Little Jimmy doesn't get to [ __ ] with me
like that I need to teach him a [ __ ]
lesson real quick all right all right so
that has been Noam Chomsky catacombs for
you everybody we never did find out what
Gerald got for level seven so right now
I don't know I mean it's gonna take I
took Paul anymore for sure which is
gonna be a whole lot of fun like five
choices between that there's so many
good fourth level spells that's really
hard but but what abilities did you get
at seven anything oh nothing no was it
literate was there's just Wizards at
level seven get one slot and the slot is
one level spell that's all like one
extra spell and one fourth level spell
for everything or oh just one extra
spell was just one extra stuff yeah one
fourth spell slot is all they get yeah
but it's stronger than it sounds
it certainly is fourth level spells are
strong yeah we can cast one spell it's
good just Lili just just to clarify no
revivify right we vilified there's a
satyr not a pronounce it you should
definitely let her take rabinoff I don't
name probably because it's a spell I
abhor we're gonna bring Little Jimmy
back after I'm just I mean I'm
clarifying I'm clarifying
weight is great coy but what do you got
what if you're dead you're dead that's
it there's no resurrection in this world
ever well there used to be but not
anymore okay just two of my spells what
if you're Desmond how why no because if
you I'm just curious like if you
resurrect a person in your world like
there are gods there's gods with that
power revivify calls to a God to
resurrect someone right I just don't
have any resurrection because I think it
makes things really like cheapens I'm
looking for a reason
Neil oh if you want a lore reason okay I
can give you a hard lore reason because
once upon a time there used to be
resurrection magic but 1500 years ago
when depending on who you talk to some
group of people pissed off gods and they
decide to like break apart the world
they wrecked Arcadia they split it into
those those large canals they broke off
a Kouba that created the shallow sea the
the hills that create Wake County from
the rest of the area were razed all this
stuff happened and after that like
resurrection magic vanished and
everyone's really pissed about it well
you know people with large amounts of
power are sort of pissed about it cool
where's for me good story but there's
tons of spells you can so wait can
really take any spell up to what level
any game that's actually busted yeah two
third level spells well that's insane
there's wait she could take fireball I
couldn't think I want to be different
from you I want to take lightning boom
it's real good I think you should take
fireball to fight the demons who are
resistant to fire I think a great idea
amen quit man listen if I don't light
any more and I toss it you know like
Pikachu you know like really peachy the
voice
what is higher about that much better on
lightning bolt area fire bolt hits one
target wave philemon lightning pulled
those lighting ball hits one target
photos it what is the lightning bolt
damage 86 in a line it's the same damage
we were yes the line is 100 feet though
yeah lightning bolt 150 feet and at
radius please a lightning bolt will give
you one long beam of damage whereas
fireball yeah that was absolutely not
your lightning bolt could definitely be
better than fire bolt any universe
fireball is probably better but in
certain scenarios lightning book could
be wet you're firing down a hallway if
you're trying to hit something like yeah
like creatures in a line yeah for sure
that's especially if you're trying to
fight indoors when you're fireball might
expand and hit everybody but your
lightning bolt we'll just go down the
hallway yeah you know it's not gonna
expand and fill and soak you all yeah
I'm gonna take hypnotic pattern and I'm
still deciding the last one you could
have taken fireball and lightning oh
that's true I still think fireballs
better you should probably take fireball
no but the streamline them literally
looks you know what if you want to be
lux you should be walks I don't want to
keep you away from your dreams your
Luck's apprecia I got I got you take
them both another problem with lightning
bolt is you have to cast it from
yourself fire bolt also originates from
you I believe well but if fireball
aversions maybe the damage doesn't but
lightning does which does so for
instance if there's a creature beyond us
and she needs to shoot her that creature
using this all there will be friendly
fire wait you can't you position where
you want lightning bolt to be no no
really
Oh Jenny's friend myself Mike you should
take one damage spell in one fun spell
like fly or like so you don't have to be
a wizard spell to either there druid
spells chronic spells I mean there's so
many uh just talk to your chat your chat
will like oh yeah but from our point of
view if you want Lainey buddy boy boy be
my pal I probably take lightning bolt
it's fun are you serious
well what's more fun hell yeah wait
can't she just take both why do why does
she make a decision because you
shouldn't wearable and lightning Bowl
she should take a fun spell not just
like to damage spells that's like what
if we just let Lily decide was yeah yeah
whatever she wants okay
don't lay on the whole campaign Lily
look at our word cheers no look at her
she's she's super worried what all right
Lily you want to take us out okay yeah
thanks for watching um Devon go for it
oh okay um hi I'm Devon also known as
Gerald not and I'm running the DMV
episode 19 after show on twitch.tv slash
Devon that if you want to come over
there we're gonna do a recap we might
have special guests if they want to talk
to me sometimes they don't that it will
just be me talking to a screen but
either way it would be a great
experience go over there after this show
and we're gonna talk about that
otherwise that's where to find me also
all my media is Devon Nash
um thank you guys so much for watching
the show I hope you enjoy what we put on
okay mister murnian I just follow me - I
have another DM you campaign on there so
you're gonna check it out thanks clay
boo hey everybody I am quick you can
find me and onto a set to be slash Koivu
I have opened some extra slots for our
shenanigans campaign if anyone wants to
get involved and I think I'm gonna have
room for a new campaign I'm gonna talk
to you I'll fine alright never mind I
retract that announcement possibly see
you guys later
and even yeah you know my site that's a
no DJ follow mr. Poole I love how very
much cool cool cool right see you guys
next week happy
oh yeah bye
