Oh hold on one second that's the FBI I'm
gonna go do my fourth interview oh no a
slasher equipped for this who raped who
was raped bonus but if a kid runs out
onto the street you're gonna [ __ ] run
him over if a car like [ __ ] cuts you
off you're gonna [ __ ] again in an
accident here's like here's like a piece
of advice that I try to give to people
that seems like very unintuitive to most
people that was the closest I ever came
to kill him myself I don't think I ever
would come to narcissistic for it oh
[ __ ]
hold on I don't actually know how I can
talk about this is actually so sad holy
[ __ ] oh the sugar workout I'm doing now
until twitchcon before importantly I'm
anonymous for a reason knots he stalked
my account and give me outspoken my
outspoken support for Palestinian rights
I'd also be targeted by fascist outlets
like canary mission this who the [ __ ] is
this person that they honestly think
anybody gives a [ __ ] about them I would
target them this is the person who's
like a literal like [ __ ] Twitter
warrior like no one gives a [ __ ] about
you bro no one's gonna go [ __ ] find
you or find your [ __ ] or whatever like
seriously holy [ __ ]
oh I don't know where they original
tweet chain was but basically this guy
always like swipes tweets at me I don't
think it's much of a distinction
socially or something it was yeah Reagan
and Thatcher are classic Social
Democrats anyone who takes anything all
the centricity says about politics
seriously is mind-bogglingly ignorant is
nobody defines political parties or
political movements by what they were a
hundred years ago I don't think that's a
very controversial take I mean I guess
you can't even kind of flex on somebody
but like Saturday staff fanboy you like
three months ago yeah when I was
[ __ ] on people on the right did you
actually said what he said in quotations
on ironically a hundred years I don't
know how long ago was when neoliberal or
[ __ ] sock demin started his terms but
I mean like keep up the good fight of
trying to bring logic back into the
liberal base yeah hard yeah this is like
this is literally the samurai game ever
Republicans used to say that Democrats
are slave owners right like we don't use
democrat the same way today that we did
70 years ago we don't use Republicans
the same way we have in a long time like
100 years ago the swastika wasn't a
Hitler thing yeah sure as neoliberalism
actually changed anyone's eighties and
nineties
find online communities um I have no
idea people say that like Hillary
Clinton and stuff it would be like
Hillary Clinton Obama be considered
neoliberal all of these like political
um all of these like political labels
these days at least on the internet are
very [ __ ] fluid like they seem to
change or they seem to be like I don't
know like people use these in a lot of
different ways now but nobody nobody
goes to a political label today and is
like oh well let's go back and find out
what this guy thought fifty years ago it
was using it's a really stupid way of
using political labels I don't know what
anybody would say well I know where he
stands because you shouldn't get easy
dunks on me but remember how mad we come
when Donald Trump's had alt left now we
have the alt Center okay would you just
throw alt in front of like any group
that you don't like and now it's like
did you see the increase in the use of
logic bro yeah I seen that I see it a
lot on a Hasaan subreddit and I've seen
it a couple times on the left now I saw
it a little bit when um Michael Brooks
and Sam cedar were pushing back against
fact checkers it's super depressing to
me that it feels like the same type of
anti intellectual Bend that people on
the on the right have bait and this is
like another thing that I kind of
noticed is that like nobody seems to
have like any like principles or values
it's more just like I will agree with
whatever institution is currently
supporting what it is that I agree with
right so like the riot obviously
disregards all academic institutions
because nothing the right does is any
academic basis whatsoever and morality
is philosophically bankrupt WowWee their
political positions are generally
indefensible their scientific positions
are scientifically illiterate and
indefensible so they're like oh you know
[ __ ] all the academic institutions which
makes sense that's fine right you'd
expect me to say that but then people on
the Left will appeal to science when it
comes to things like oh look transgender
people are real it's the APA says it
it's in the literature but then when
they want to talk economics while all
the economic systems are actually debunk
like this is [ __ ] they're all
capitalist and they're rigging the
system and now all these people are
trying to blow lands like okay
oh the I'm not gonna go find the
respiratory cuz it mainly cuz I don't
give a [ __ ] cuz mine but I think this
guy was tweeting something like Oh like
yeah I think I've you know
I would I think I'd be destiny debate
but you know I can't do it because you
know how people will stalk me and [ __ ]
like okay dude like nice job you win
by default if you offer to debate her to
sing responses you accept yeah of course
I would I don't think they would though
I mean like I mean I think I'm starting
to see like I'm starting to see the same
trend with the progressives as I kind of
saw what the people that were like the
alt writers or like the hardcore
conservatives that everybody's like
everybody's like to questions from
collapse core it's like well why do you
think this why do you think that okay oh
yeah squirrel bro literally said he knew
every single response to screams before
you could think of them he's playing
chess what you're still playing checkers
yeah he thinks that like I run down like
my NPC dialogue tree or some [ __ ] yeah
okay real quick no more don't don't look
any more tweets from this [ __ ] what
is the point of having a voice debate oh
way they unblock me I can actually
respond what do you think this will
accomplish aside for me risking having
my identity out it and putting myself
and my family in danger what did she
just say I haven't debated you know
already people in your server did accuse
me of being an anti-semite and an alt
for some sex pest incidentally the creep
who made this last time it's been
obsessively four months and it's pretty
I should ever cloud dude welcome to the
[ __ ] Club what a hard life man it
must be so hard being an anonymous
person on Twitter oh hold on one second
that's the FBI I'm gonna go do my fourth
interview in two years [ __ ] out of here
dude we must stop the glorification of
violence in our society this includes
the gruesome and grisly video Gately
president Trump blaming video games as
one of the reasons behind mass shootings
in the US this is lawmakers struggled to
agree on ways to prevent future gun
violence and demands for action rising
after the massacres in Texas and Ohio
that left home no is slasher equipped
for this how are you gonna ever cite
video games over current Republican
rhetoric how could you even think to do
that that pivot oh no is a competitive
leader and an eSports consultant you
were here just last week to help me
understand and explain to everybody
about the benefits of fortnight and
these young people getting together in
these big competitions making a lot of
money but then we have these shootings
President Trump wasn't the only one
saying that this weekend here's House
Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy similar
sentiments the idea of these video games
to dehumanize into part of this
community you've been fighting back
against the sentiment for a long time
how do you respond to that I mean I've
been watching a lot of the guests and
interviews on on Fox News and it has
been very frustrating as someone who
comes from the video game industry
I personally been playing for person
shooters in these games for you know 15
20 years and I have never had any type
of intention to go out and perform
real-life violence and that same
sentiment is for everyone that plays
video games video games are an
international worldwide phenomenon
played in every single country in the
world including these first person
shooters played worldwide but these
things only happen here in America we do
not have we did not see or have that
violence that anywhere else in the world
even though everyone else is still
playing this game damn I have zero
[ __ ] expectations for slasher coming
to this is that's a good opening nice
job you hit them all you have our
personal anecdote I play games I don't
kill people which is effective in these
types of situations then then drawing a
distinction between America and the rest
of the world everybody plays a [ __ ]
violent video games the only place these
mass shootings happen right here in
America that's a really good opening
that's really good dan Patrick is the
lieutenant governor of Texas of course
one of the shootings they'll pass
they're shooting help happening in his
state he had this to say about a soldier
fantasy watch this this manifesto he
talks about living out his Super Soldier
fantasy on Call of Duty
we know that the video game industry is
bigger than movie industry and the music
industry combined what's changed in this
country we've always had guns we've
always had evil but what's changed where
we see this rash of shooting and I and I
see a video game industry that teaches
young people to kill okay so he's making
the case that if you had especially
these shooter games where you can
actually basically dehumanize somebody
he is making the case that maybe that is
a problem yeah and it is total nonsense
and it sounds like the same policy
that would do the same thing 10 or 15
years ago whether it's laymen grand
theft auto or male and Manson and metal
music to try to push the issue aside
from anything that is actually happening
all forms of entertainment whether it's
video games or movies or music do not
directly influence someone to have
violent acts and to perpetuate that
stereotype is heard in the entire
discussion and is moving away from the
real issues that are going on here most
namely guns and the access to the gun
issue I mean I've seen a lot of people
talking about it we don't want to be
taken away people's guns in this country
but there has to be a better discussion
on you being able to acquire them and
everything around that and there are
other accelerators like mental health
that go on let me ask you about this
because we're going to talk to Jonathan
Morris in the next segment about this
idea that of young people who are young
men in particular who are disaffected
from their communities loners maybe in
their rooms but they can they find these
online chat rooms but it's a
misconception to think that those are
the people that are actually
participating in games like I love
Twitter video it's such a good day
because as you were showing us last week
people who are playing games with people
all around the world they have more
friends than they can count yeah it
really is a misconception of people
thinking that people are sitting in
their basements or whatever playing
games but in reality especially with the
current way that games are gone
everything is online and there's a lot
of international competition whether
it's video games are eSports people are
communicating with other people from
around the world every day and it really
is a community of people meeting each
other meeting up talking to each other
and really get friend groups that you're
not able to for a lot of kids out there
playing games at home being able to sit
there and play games with other people
is what uplifted them and is what really
brought them into a new light when maybe
they were in a dark place and games are
thing that brought people together and
really that is what should be noted more
first how frustrating is it for the
gaming community to listen to as you're
saying politicians who are using
arguments that they've been using for 10
or 15 years even in those movies back
when I first worked on Capitol Hill yeah
I mean it really is ridiculous I mean
for me to hear it's also to watch Fox
News and see people come on everywhere
racist memes influencing people to
become Nazis versus be game
influencing people to kill wouldn't you
say if you agree with a ven B is also
true I believe neither are no B occurs
within the context of this is the action
that I'm doing in a video game
humor is something that generally
crosses over into our real-life
perceptions of things a lot more I mean
now it is possible that like video games
could reinforce negative stereotypes or
video games could reinforce like
negative negative aspects of a culture
so friends like video games could
reinforce like racist thought or
misogynistic thought or something but
but I don't think I just don't think
it's I don't think it's like there's any
evidence right now or unless it's
changed in the past like five or ten
years i'ma read into this in a long time
that video games are like linked to
making people more violent I don't think
that's necessarily true the the type of
like rhetoric and a type of like thought
that we see like on political platforms
online is usually a lot more extreme
than like the type of political stuff
like games are really light when it
comes to politics you know whereas um
where I was like online humor or those
types of things can start to get into
like some pretty heavy political [ __ ]
you know maybe if game is more like more
political maybe maybe I would believe it
like if we started to get full games of
like an Tifa super soldiers going out
and killing Republicans or full games of
like crazy like all writers running out
and killing Bible maybe then I would
start to think like a little bit more
like okay actually I can see this being
a problem but um coding Trump to see him
for continuing to perpetuate the myth
that video games and other forms of
entertainment media like music or movies
are really influencing the youngsters
out there to do these acts is ridiculous
and we need to move on from these topics
to really get into why this is
continuing happening because we don't
want to see shootings in America and we
don't want our favorite hobby which is
gaming that eSports which only helps
people to continue to be study from
Oxford it said there was no evidence for
a critical tipping point relating
violent game engagement to aggressive
behavior there are other studies indeed
and of course we have this from the
Royal Society of open science they're
right there you can see it that would be
from Oxford rod slasher Breslow thanks
for coming in and helping us understand
it Thank You Dana I'll teach you the
dance moves next time okay yeah we've
got to work on those dance moves all
right
what oh no he's damming her oh and you
know it's kind of troll to that like we
let Trump say I know so much [ __ ] he
attacks you know true holy [ __ ]
Oh real quick I'm sorry because I see
this meme popping inveloved
so you are popping up a lot of my
subreddit yesterday I made the joke or
kind of a joke but I said like a sign
should be running as YouTube as like as
like a co-op or that he shouldn't be
like bailing his content or whatever a
lot of people on my a lot of people on
my subreddit I'm guessing or beginning
from Hasan severed are saying things
like oh well you live in a society so
you can't critique Baba bah blah blah so
I know that we like to spread memes a
lot really thinking about him but let's
think for a minute what that meme
actually means right the reason that we
um hey wall [ __ ] yeah the reason why
you you say it's stupid to tell somebody
that they can't critique something yet
they can participate in it right why can
you do it how are you allowed to
participate aside your critique it the
reason why we typically say that this is
a stupid argument is because people
don't usually have a choice right like
if some guy wants to sit and talk about
how great cooperatives all day long are
and this guy is making like 30k a year
and you're like oh well huh you work for
a business owner what's great and it's
like well [ __ ] like this guy doesn't
have the ability to like meaningfully
push back against the system without
causing like measurable harm to himself
so I'll get some lower class worker
whatever wants to critique capitalism of
course he has to participate in and he
doesn't have a he does have a choice
that's where that mean comes from that
it's what it's supposed to mean you
can't take somebody that has no other
options no other recourse but to
participate in capitalism and then make
fun of him for participating in
capitalism it's it's insane but that
argument doesn't apply to his song sound
is almost a top one percenter in terms
of income it would be trivial for him to
cooperatively owned his YouTube channel
or would be trivial of him to not pay
all his content no I don't know if he's
getting kickbacks from The Young Turks
for selling subscriptions for people to
click through to the program that he's
hosting or anything like that but this
is a guy that's making you know probably
over 200,000
like this is not somebody that is like
oh well just because I participated it
doesn't
I can't particularly well no you have
actually the ability to push back and
actually like try some of the things you
advocate for not only do you say
cooperatives are more morally sound than
than capital ownership you also say that
they run more efficiently - so if
anybody was ever in a position to push
that model and prove the efficiency of
it or the efficacy of it I should say I
mean you would be in the position to do
it like if you can't do it I mean who
the [ __ ] is ever supposed to you know
but yeah 200k a year isn't top 1% I'm
sure it's getting close I mean let's
check top 1% income a family needs to
earn an income of 421 K I wonder if this
is for I wonder if that includes like
dual earner people or if this is like
for an individual damn in California you
need 514 K to be top 1% yeah I'm sorry
guys but these just aren't good
arguments it's not his company and he is
his YouTube is not a business with
employees this is ridiculous system no
idea what is happening having closed was
why I assume it's not a something
streaming long at all reaching it's not
it's been screaming for over a year
firstly secondly Hasan has a huge
presence on Twitch he could put he could
definitely push back against the Young
Turks pay walling his content I know
that he could I know for a fact that he
could absolutely he's huge on Twitch
he's he's probably as some of the
largest online presence outside of
YouTube of anybody in the Young Turks or
maybe the yet largest online presence
does had to be to of anyone in the Young
Turks so to tell me that he has no
influence over the pricing of a product
that he's offering via that channel
especially I mean like we're not gonna
get into the insanely hilarious irony of
a show called agitprop being paid walled
behind a company for capitalist profits
I mean like I mean anything you could do
it and YouTube is not a business with
employees I mean you're hiring somebody
to do editing work for you that's you
own capital right the capital is your
channel and you are hiring an editor who
is coming in to work for you and then
you are building that asset and you're
keeping the difference right so I mean
Dennis on say make 60 K year in his
debate with Charlie Kirk he makes 60 K
year that's the salad that he draws from
The Young Turks but he makes easily over
100k a year what do we come up with it
was easily over a hundred K a year from
his twitch channel pretty sure he would
just use the argument I use for climate
change even if I did that it wouldn't
create enough impact doing other things
kids a bigger impact no but that's
different I don't think there's an
inherent moral wrong with Veet with
eating animals he
thinks there's an inherent more wrong
with being a capitalist so he has a
greater moral imperative to do the thing
that is right even if it is making a
small change firstly secondly secondly
he says that it's more efficient to run
things as coops anyway that we wouldn't
suffer economic loss or anything as a
result well then why not do it you don't
know for a fact he tell I do know is my
job what humne dog I do know of course
you do you have a [ __ ] huge online
presence and you're producing some
whatever [ __ ] show that's gonna get
15k hits a month you're telling me that
somebody that pulls a 2k Kakarot
viewership on Twitch and has like as
much of an online presence on does can't
[ __ ] gets can't pressure them to
either release the stuff for free
immediately or at least do it on his
youtube channel [ __ ] out of here of
course he could do that the [ __ ] out of
here or he could [ __ ] front the cost
for producing themself again he's making
almost tuna cave a year like you could
probably he could probably do a
fundraiser for it like having like a
patreon or some [ __ ] you get the [ __ ]
out of here dude
as I keep subscribing to you bonus meter
shrugs did he is that kind of what you
do with your YouTube 5050 with Gary no
my youtube is not a co I don't know
people say sometimes like oh you're
basically random people did this mean
back in the day like oh you basically
run your your YouTube like a co-op no I
own my YouTube I do a 50% rev split but
I am the sole owner so I could kick my
people off at any time and say oh [ __ ]
you this is my channel I'm keeping it
get the [ __ ] out you have no equity in
this at all so no I do not I do not
share my YouTube channel that way I
share the profits but that's it same
thing as a son though this is proof you
were consistent from the beginning oh no
I am way more necessarily not even a
year ago damn we didn't even survive a
year holy [ __ ]
not even a year and the fan feels pokey
cry
it's Peter coughing a socialist oh god I
hope not
I would argue the reason you might not
be immoral and consistent by not caught
owning your own YouTube channels that it
blurs the line between a private good
and a personal good absolutely not
what do you know where YouTube channel
would absolutely be a private good I
have a YouTube channel that I post
content on and I use that to generate
revenue for myself it's absolutely a
piece of private property especially if
I have other people that I hired to work
it it might be like located in a digital
space but it's absolutely not a personal
good it's a private one is this quote
from Hassan or a mass shooter nah but
only because Harris is a cop warrant I'd
happily vote for him shut the [ __ ] up I
don't know if the Dayton shooting was
politically motivated I don't know we
will talk we might talk about that later
today that's one that I'm well we might
go back and forth on oh hey guys are we
almost there oh I can't 40,000 followers
oh wait almost thirty nine thousand nine
hundred seventy-nine follow my friend on
Twitter there you go I think this might
be the highest I've got a Twitter
account before destiny please weigh in
on this it started to debate this go on
for an hour I posted it in your discord
I think it's portal question tear Oh a
man wants to have heterosexual sex he
has a phobia of women it can only feel
safe if the woman is unconscious he has
no morals he decides to drug a woman in
order to have sex with her a woman
learns this she's attracted to him or
else just intends to take one for the
team
she takes an in the maneuvers herself
into being the one he drugs she pretends
to be unconscious while he has sex with
her who raped who was raped bonus she
impregnates herself with his sperm who
has parental rights who has parental
duties I don't think this is that hard
of a problem actually ready are you
ready we're gonna ignore the bonus one
because I don't even know if the bonus
is fun but on both of these up here both
of them are rapists that's the only
possible take away from this does
pretending to be passed out make you a
rapist yes because you're basically
tricking somebody into having sex with
you under false pretenses which I think
we would generally say is a form of rape
now the pretense is that this guy wants
would be considered rape as well however
if the woman expressed consent before
being drugged with this be rape
oh no if the woman expressed consent
then absolutely not but let's say for
instance we can augment this slightly to
see how we feel right let's say that the
man only wants to have sex with a
sleeping woman let's say the woman says
okay come into my room at 2:00 p.m. and
I will be napping guaranteed I promise
I'll be asleep let's say the guy goes
into woman's room and the woman is
actually not sleeping but she pretends
to be sleeping right we could argue that
this is a form of rape right that the
man would go in and f6o the woman she'd
be pretending to be sleeping but it
would be under false pretenses right
didn't the girl get herself drugged on
purpose with the goal of having sex with
him he thinks he's raping her but she is
consenting I don't think the act of rape
requires a victim or requires the other
person to like be violated so for
instance let's say that I stumble into a
room and my goal is to rape somebody
okay or rather actually let's get away
from it let's say that I go into a room
and let's say that like well hmm
hold on these get into really weird
definitions
I'm not sure we would have to separate
out like the legal the legal crime from
like the moral crime so maybe legally
you wouldn't be a rapist but morally I
think you would be here's just here's
something let's say that I really want
to murder someone okay I walk into their
room
okay I turn on the light and I see the
person is sleeping underneath their
blankets take on my gun and I fire five
shots into their body and then I walk
out let's say that it wasn't actually a
person under the blankets it was a bunch
of pillows I think morally you've like
committed the act of murder pretty much
but legally or practically you didn't
really because it wasn't a person there
but for all intents and purposes you you
absolutely did right like you performed
an action that you believed would have
led to some outcome you had full agency
and then you enacted a certain thing
like that's just attempted murder which
is illegal
I think attempted murder exists because
legally we have to and because most
people are really comfortable that
concept but personally I think attempted
murder is an insanely [ __ ] stupid
charge I don't agree with it I would
never say that like attempted murder
shouldn't be something that we have in
the legal system like there should just
be like acts of murder and like that's
it
like if somebody shoots me in the
[ __ ] chest the fact that their
punishment is going to rely on whether
or not I survive in the ER it's a really
[ __ ] weird like if I live it's
attempted murder if I die then you get
first-degree murder if you have you
thought about it right like that's that
seems like pretty stupid in my opinion
like both of them or at at were acts of
murder I mean I guess it but like it's
not really murder being to kill somebody
but like both of them were attempted
murder technically everything is an
attempted thing right like both of these
things were attempted murder you know
you when you just happen to succeed on
the other you didn't right but don't you
care about the consequences so no I
don't care about consequences I care
about like repeatability repeatability
predictability right if you have a
person that's attempting murder on
somebody I don't really care so much if
they happen to murder a particular
person it's more so this is a person
that's willing to attempt to murder
people does that make sense like it's
not so much the consequence of a single
trial but if you run it a hundred times
what would happen I guess is what
but isn't that distinction being made
because judgments aren't infallible so
we make crimes based on outcomes because
those are more factual but no no it
doesn't make sense
honest to god it doesn't make sense like
we like I feel like I could win this
argument a million times it gets even a
[ __ ] judge like for instant well yeah
unless they want to get into judge and
to damages being would you consider it
is punitive punitive means you're just
trying to punish somebody right I think
like unless you're talking about like
punitive like justice or whatever like
like here's an easy example if I go out
and I owe a punitive would be punishment
damages so Richard retributive
retributive writ retribution I don't
know there's a word there but um if I
get into let's say I go out drunk
driving and I get into an accident with
another car let's say that in one
scenario I kill a family of four let's
say in another scenario the other person
walks away unscathed the punishment
should be the same for both of those
actions it's insanely stupid that your
punishment depends on who was in the car
and who can survive the accident that's
insanely stupid it doesn't make any
sense
you can never defend that you'll never
win an argument defending that I think
that's like insanely stupid like your
punishment basically comes down to the
luck of who's in the car even though
both people are committing the same
crime with the same potential downsides
to both like this is the actual
definition of the concept of moral luck
oh yeah [ __ ] I actually read about this
like a week ago the the actual the
academic definition of moral luck I
think it has to do with something we're
like [ __ ] what is it like I buy like a
horse for some family because I think
that's gonna make a bankrupt and they're
gonna like not be able to take care of
it or some [ __ ] but in actuality they
get the horse and they start racing with
it and then become rich and it was like
I was morally lucky I think sound like
you basically unintentionally like wind
up doing an action that I think that's
like the academic term for like moral
luck or something the way the way
technically the way that where I'm uses
it isn't how isn't how like anybody
actually uses an acting although I don't
know of how much he would stand by like
his phrasing I think he was just it was
like a throwaway phrasing about it's a
difference between someone driving drunk
and killing someone versus someone
driving drunk and nothing happening I
think you could even back it up and say
driving drunk period should be treated
treated with the same with almost the
same consequences as drive
drinking getting into an accident maybe
yeah I don't know from utilitarian
perspective do the rape utils cancel
each other out so you have no rapes
I don't know Eric I think you just have
two rapes instead of no rapes both
people in that situation are bad people
if someone attempts to drive drunk it
doesn't matter of action end up driving
drunk right they were willing to drive
while intoxicated which is the issue
Pepe laughs boy anytime you try to drive
if you've consumed alcohol within the
past 48 hours you should that's driving
drunk didn't you try to drive drop with
Andy I did I admit it I did try to drive
drunk that day I believe that I had
consumed alcohol 7 hours prior to
entering my vehicle I should have waited
the full two weeks necessary I should
have waited the full two weeks necessary
to let the alcohol clear my system
I'm sorry kegs how has a bad person
that's my bad I don't know what I was
thinking
you were visibly off yeah probably
because I was a little tired cuz it was
kind of late but you know it's ok my
dude you don't have to be molding my
mate here's the driving tired the same
as driving drunk oh no I don't think so
but it can be you believe committing
immoral acts against immoral people is
just as bad as committing those acts on
moral people
kind of yeah probably yeah I mean unless
you're targeting immoral people to
commit your acts then it's a little bit
different I guess it depends on whether
or not it's intentional or unintentional
that you're targeting immoral people
thoughts on driving stoned pretty much
you ever know that smokes weed does it
and seems to drive fine honestly most of
the time you can probably drive stone or
you can even probably drive buzzed the
problem isn't that like you can't do it
the problem is that if you have to react
to something you're [ __ ]
that's why there's that's why it's so
dangerous to do it right like if you're
slightly buzzed or if you are or if
you're stoned when you're driving like
you can drive but if a kid runs out into
the street you're gonna [ __ ] run them
over if a car like [ __ ] cuts you off
you're gonna [ __ ] again in an accident
if something is like off if like a light
turns you're not expecting it or
whatever like all of your reactions are
insanely slowed or somebody else is
driving recklessly the chances of you
hitting them are getting or whatever is
like [ __ ] also your ability to
evaluate how intoxicated or how high you
are when you're in those states of mine
is really hard to so I feel like oh I
can probably drive buzzed it's hard to
know like if you're buzzed or wasted
unless you like have like a like a
sobriety test that you're ready to do to
test yourself or whatever so like
generally it's not a good idea to drive
under any any type of like substance I
don't think you shouldn't drive tired
either the only like driving tired can
be okay because like you you can like
wake yourself up a little bit like if
you're super drunk I don't really think
you can have like okay I'm gonna sober
up for like ten seconds but if you're
pretty tired you've been like I'm gonna
pop a Red Bull roll my window down and
[ __ ] like power through like these
like three or four minutes as long as
you're not like [ __ ] exhausted I
think I think like there's a little
difference but people that drive like
people that do like long-term driving
tired though that's real bad my dad used
to do it all the time that showed us
really [ __ ] the shows that there are
no changes and chance of crash on pot I
am almost positive that your reaction
times are slowed when you're high now it
might be possible this is I'm gonna be
an anecdote Andy here I had a friend
that drove to work high every time now
he didn't get in any crashes however the
reason why didn't get any crashes
because he drove on the interstate or
[ __ ] 45 miles an hour
okay so it might be possible that people
that are high don't get into car
accidents because they drive a lot of
[ __ ] slower and maybe more safe more
safe more safely
so like that that could be possible I'm
not sure but I'm almost positive that
like when you're under like when you're
under the influence of marijuana like
your reaction times are dulled like I'm
almost positive it's true all right [ __ ]
yeah we should look this up actually I
guess like some reaction oh so you know
there's someone in the traffic gets to
do something in Norway so that on
average when you in cannabis you're
about as impaired or impeded as if you
were driving in the dark as opposed to
in the day mm-hmm man I'm so curious
dude there have been time from smoke
that I've really wanted I was like I
really want to try driving high cuz I'm
really curious like what it would be
like I'm just really paranoid of
wrecking my car I would kill myself if I
crashed my car I've never been like in a
car accident before and if I actually
wrecked like my car I would hate myself
so much so I've never actually like
tried it I've never actually done it
because my I guess like the thing that
makes me the most nervous is it like if
I'm high like I don't know if I can
really like how can I subjectively or
how can I objectively evaluate how high
I am right like how expensive it's not
like it's I mean it's a 40k car it's not
so much that like it's not so much that
it's like super expensive for me to
replace I don't know if this is still
like a holdover for me being like really
poor but the idea of like breaking my
[ __ ] or the idea of like having people
still ship for me really really really
bothers me dude when I see kids that
break their [ __ ]
I or where like every single person that
I meet has like a phone with like 30
[ __ ] cracks in the screen I don't
know why I like triggers the [ __ ] out of
me like dude that's your [ __ ]
why are you breaking your [ __ ] what are
you doing that's your stuff what are you
doing
I don't know that drive that drives me
[ __ ] crazy yeah I don't know like
lending Ivan I only let one person drive
my car I think maybe in my entire life I
love my mom driving my car once she hit
a [ __ ] deer but um yeah the idea of
like letting somebody drive my car dude
oh my god it feels so bad for me oh no
actually I let Aaron Drive my car when
we drove from Omaha to LA so that we
could make the drive quicker
she's probably driven my
a car more than any other person
actually easily more than any other
person my entire life but I mean I
consider her dress riffing but I was
also really nervous the entire time it
was really hard to sleep while she was
doing it I don't know the idea was just
somebody else breaking my [ __ ] makes me
so [ __ ] paranoid I also don't know
what it feels like though when it's
smoking I don't know if I've ever gotten
like not buzzed what do you call him you
get like a little high I guess people
still call that buzz don't they
it feels like I'm either not high at all
or I'm like super high I don't know I
don't know like what it feels like to be
in them like just like buzzed high it's
called head rush I don't know what it is
like sometimes I try to like smoke and
I'll just like keep going like a little
in a little in a little it's like
alright I just want to get like a little
high and then like nothing happens at
all I wear like 30 minutes and then I
just kind of like smoke a little bit
drunk driving Steve here thing happens
in six pooling [ __ ] like it's 89 all of
a sudden it'll be like oh [ __ ] I'm super
[ __ ] high like that's what'll happen
every time I try I remember the last
time I had one of those vape things like
I'm just gonna get a little bit high and
it was just like yeah it was like 40
minutes in I'm like I don't think I'm
high at all and I'll like I'll try to
like laugh a little bit guy I really
don't think I am like I'm pretty sure
I'm just laughing I don't think I'm high
that I just like smoke a little bit more
and then all of a sudden and then all of
a sudden my eyes are like real big like
oh ho [ __ ] I'm super [ __ ] high right
now what the [ __ ] happened and I'll be
like I'll be like insanely [ __ ] I I
don't know yeah you become super aware
when you get super high when I get high
I just like melt into the couch and I
can't think or do anything I'm just
there and I can barely even like putting
together like a whole sentence it's like
really hard I think I said I think I
mentioned this dude when we went to I'm
pretty sure we talked about this I don't
know how many viewers had raj called me
one day during e3 news like dude you
were a good [ __ ] high with Mike Tyson
I'm like [ __ ] sure dude why not and
we went to the we went to like the Tyson
ranch place and where they make their
own weed and they're like bragging like
oh yeah this is like what did I say I
don't even remember what the percentage
was they're like this is like was it
like 35% weed or some [ __ ] I don't know
what the [ __ ] any of those numbers mean
and they passed around like a like a
joint and like usually I think like the
penso 38% weed yeah normally like the
Pens are are like like I'll usually take
like puffs off of a pen and after doing
like seven or eight
I get like fairly high like pretty high
like seven or eight will get me like
pretty high I don't know what that means
but they passed on a joint and usually
it's harder if they get higher on joints
because like they're usually it's harder
to smoke a joint than it is to smoke a
pen but like they're passing around like
oh you oh dude 38% folk and THC though I
don't like okay I don't like nice buzz
or whatever I mean and I got the joiner
whatever knows like okay well I'm gonna
be doing business and [ __ ] so like I'm
gonna chill so I just took like two I
just did like two puffs
like two like like Destiny's puffs like
so like like that just two of those not
like huge master tier one of us and I
passed it around and then like 15
minutes later I can't even believe how
other dimension hi I got it was like the
Scooby Doo [ __ ] we're like you move your
head and like everything is like Lou oh
my god it was insane I like I melted in
that [ __ ] chair and I had to tell
Roger I was like dude don't let me
[ __ ] answer any questions or say
anything I am so [ __ ] high right now
and for like the next like hour oh my
god dude I gotta get some of that [ __ ] I
don't even know how was possible off of
two baby puffs I was like [ __ ] blazed
so hard out of my mind I couldn't do
anything oh my god holy [ __ ] I couldn't
believe it I want to get a I gotta get
that [ __ ] but yeah like holy [ __ ] it was
the most intense insane [ __ ] weed
I've ever [ __ ] out of my entire life
oh my god apparently they're making like
a like a cannabis ranch or some [ __ ] out
there so will you get high on screaming
apparently we're not allowed to smoke in
our [ __ ] apartment so debate Hasan hi
I can't do it I can't when I'm high my
brain goes to [ __ ] people always are
like they have like
people always have like they say they
have like stoner thoughts or whatever
not me dude remember and I tried to
debate bunny when I like smoke like a
little bit I got oh [ __ ] I wonder if
this was the [ __ ] the toad I don't know
what the [ __ ] it is we smoked oh you cuz
it was in these [ __ ] jars or whatever
I don't know this is the [ __ ] we smoked
or not but like dude oh my god this [ __ ]
was so [ __ ] crazy holy [ __ ] I tried
to debate bad bunny high but like I
couldn't do it after like a few
sentences I was like I can't the problem
is it like I can't like if I start
talking I'll lose myself at the end of a
sentence I won't remember like where the
sentence started and then and then I'll
be like no I'll just be totally lost
you know like holy like the most
profound thing I've ever said when I was
smoking was somebody was with me and I
said what did I say what was my profound
stoner thought I said that when I smoked
a lot it feels like it's taking a long
time for the it feels like it's taking a
long time for the Highness to go away so
it kind of feels like smoking gives you
a time erection that was the that was my
most profound stoner thought there you
go you smoked more that happens less
yeah maybe I don't know if I would be
like smoking all the [ __ ] time to
like do anything okay
okay listen I'm trying to be so nice why
can't she just hop why can't she just
stop please stop we're not doing the
hoes mad meme here okay you guys are too
toxic you haven't earned it yet
oh here's I'm not really sure how I feel
right now about the I'm not really sure
how I feel about the lefty shooter from
the Dayton shed what I'm trying to think
of is let's say that a conservative
would go on a shooting spree and he
kills his family and his friends and
let's say we go into his Twitter account
and we find out that there's a whole
bunch of like alright [ __ ] and stuff
that he retweeted would we say that the
violent rhetoric that this guy was
embracing caused him to kill his friends
and family
I feel like whether however what you
guys want to say yes or no I feel like
everybody would be saying like oh yeah
well look I mean conservatives cause
people to murder people like that I feel
like that 100% would be happening if you
guys are saying no one chat you're lying
to yourselves I'm almost positive that
people would reach to that they were
like oh yeah 100% this guy you know the
violent rhetoric blah blah blah
but yeah I don't know I mean we were
doing that with the El Paso guy wait now
that the El Paso guy was specifically
released like a manifesto and should
saying he was gonna go kill Hispanics as
do we know anything about why this guy
killed his friends and family this
didn't sound politically related to
something I was just like triggered at
his family or some [ __ ] cuz he killed
like didn't kill like his brother and
her girlfriend his girlfriend and his
Brett his brother and his brother's
girlfriend or something like so yeah no
no damn dude you know it's gonna be real
sweats tonie's one of these [ __ ]
political shooters is gonna like do some
Sh in people gonna link his Twitter
account and I'm gonna click it on the
stream and it's gonna be like follows
you I don't feel like oh [ __ ] it's gonna
happen one of these days if it hasn't
already I'm not even sure yeah the guy
didn't follow Pokemon can't the problem
with college being unaffordable aside
from base cost we saw by subsidizing
housing like in Scandinavia the problem
is that like it seems like there are
actually some rules about economics that
do have to be followed like you can't
give everybody a ton of [ __ ] free
[ __ ] it seems like you do have to find
ways to provide these things like so
like I'm so glad I went to Sweden I
learned like so many interesting things
I would have known it's like on Sweden
when you come of age one of the things
that you do that's like I guess it's
like kind of like a rite of pass
sweet nerd something when everybody
turns 18 or whatever is you walk down to
some [ __ ] office and you sign up to
get like on the list to get like an
apartment assigned to you or some [ __ ]
so like a contract for you to like rent
an apartment when you turn 18 these
lists it's like what is there a swedish
person in here it's like 15 to 20 years
to get one of these like it's an
insanely long wait someone in chaps at
eight to nine years okay I've heard
people in Sweden tell me it's like 15 to
20 but I could I could be wrong maybe
it's less than that maybe they were
exaggerating someone said the same thing
in the Netherlands it's like 10 years
twelve year average where I'm from in a
medium population area in Stockholm okay
maybe they exaggerated a little bit but
but yeah like that's a long ass [ __ ]
time to wait you know my parents signed
me up for one of those when I was like
10 years old and I still couldn't get an
apartment when I was 20 yeah yeah yeah
yeah I didn't know about this [ __ ] in
Sweden yeah I was interesting but um I
had a five to six year queue and I got
one in a 100,000 population town do they
get the apartment for free after that I
don't think they get the apartment for
free they just get the right to live
there and then they pay for it
right or my Swedish Bros in chat you
don't you don't get the apartment for
free you just get like the right to live
there okay but what are they signing up
for they're signing up for like the
space can't they rent anywhere so I
think about half the properties in half
the properties in Sweden for apartments
at least in Stockholm are coops so if
you want to like rent you can't like go
rent units you have to actually like buy
in you've got to like buy a share of the
coop so you have to take out like a loan
at a bank at a variable rate mortgage
and then you have to go and buy into
like the coop in order to yeah yeah it's
yeah it's like it's it's yeah I'm not
sure I don't know how I feel about it
listening to Molina's dad talk about I
was like damn whatever I just want a
[ __ ] rent a place like I don't want
to [ __ ] buy in if I don't to buy
shares of the [ __ ] organization that
owns my [ __ ] apartment I just want a
[ __ ] rent from somebody fine [ __ ] all
that [ __ ] dude that sounds crazy what
you're talking about is called corporate
corporate sir I I don't know the [ __ ] it
is but um yeah I don't know yeah it's
yeah it's like it's very like I see the
pros and the cons to it like he says it
like when you buy
shares of your apartment like you get to
vote with the board for like
improvements to make on your units and
[ __ ] and all that and there's like all
of that which is interesting but like
like I'm getting a lot of this
information from Elena's dad so this
might not be 100 inaccurate but like one
of the things he told me is for instance
like students have a lot of trouble
moving out of their parents house in
Sweden to go find places to live because
there aren't places so there aren't
landlords to rent from and a lot of
students don't want to take a loan out
for you know like what would it be like
five hundred thousand kronor or whatever
like fifty thousand USD or more to take
that big loan out to get to buying into
a co-op apartment like a lot of students
don't have the ability to to do that or
maybe he didn't say students maybe said
young people we have a housing crisis
because landlords only build these types
of coops and they're really expensive
for most people yeah I think yeah there
was like some really sick there's like
some cool building in downtown Stockholm
that looks sick as fog but apparently
nobody can afford to like buy into it
and they don't rent I don't understand
why they don't rent
I don't man renting is is so good in so
many ways and it's like really painful
that people have such financial
illiteracy that they like like I live in
an area where this unit could cost
$200,000 and there might be repairs and
[ __ ] and I don't have to I don't have to
deal with any of the volatility of that
I'm giving somebody else $2,600 a month
that where they can manage the
volatility they're scraping a premium
off of that right I'm paying more than
this is technically worth but I don't
have to deal with any of the volatility
I don't need any of the upfront capital
I don't have to worry about any of the
variance I can walk away from this at
any point in time I'm not contractually
obligated to be here for 30 years
I don't have to find a buyer or seller
or anything like that like the renting a
place has a lot of advantages to it like
I know that like people [ __ ] on renting
and landlords and all whatever weird
[ __ ] but like renting has huge
advantages attached to it that nobody
recognizes it's like insane yeah I hate
the rent as dead money man yeah people
don't realize how much you get for
renting it's insane
you get along meeting her parents do
they already just accept the life she
lives do they find it odd that she was
with some old rumor a pair of parents
are both really chill actually and our
dad really like me
I'm a pretty parent friendly person I
think like especially compared to a lot
of guys today like I pretty I like I
very much like have my [ __ ] together I
think most people like appreciate that
like I have like a career I have a life
I do well like financially like I'm
pretty intelligent I'm easy to talk to
I'm not like out doing crazy [ __ ] or
whatever like I think most people
appreciate yeah I'm being I'm drinking
myself a little bit but honestly
speaking do they care about the age gap
between you two um I don't think they do
it's hard for me sometimes I don't know
if I like a fetishize like people my age
but sometimes it's like really nice I
don't know it's really difficult to deal
with the younger people a lot all the
time like kind of like wow okay boga
thanks for the raid buddy I still feel
that sometimes like I would consider
like Molina is like pretty mature
especially like she travels a lot and
she even has trouble getting along with
other 20 year olds but like a 20 year
old is still like definitely a 20 year
old and like there are times where like
I'm not to be Clara not talking [ __ ]
about her like I love her a lot if she's
really cool and I really enjoy the time
I spend with her but like I noticed that
there are like some things that she
still like hasn't necessarily decided
like in her life
whereas like for me like I know what I
want at all times like I know what I
want and I'm very driven to get what I
want like if there's something I need or
something I want like I'm gonna push in
that direction
like that's it whereas like for her like
she doesn't necessarily know where she
wants to live all the time or what she
necessarily wants to do in the future
and it's like it's very hard for me to
relate to these things like I like
figure it out do like I don't know what
to say like I figure this [ __ ] out like
five or ten years ago like I'm not I
don't have any like I can't I can't
really relate to these struggles no like
yeah how do you stay driven and
resilient I don't know what it is I wish
I could like put it into words one thing
that I noticed that like here's like
here's like a piece of advice that I try
to give to people that seems like very
unintuitive to most people especially in
times of your life where things are
stressful or there's a lot of stuff
that's like going wrong if you can just
start doing stuff it is so good if you
ever have if you ever have like
something like I don't know like [ __ ] I
wish I could explain this better one
thing that I noticed that people tend to
do is like okay like let's say this is
my life okay I can make a decision here
that will either put me down this path
with this path if I take this path I've
got another decision here and then we
can either go here here or here up here
if we do this path we'd have to split
off here or here right here's like one
here is one thing okay don't worry about
every possible thing that can happen all
the time me and Alena run into this
conversation a lot where she'll be like
oh like you know like I'm really worried
about like what are we gonna do like if
this comes up here like I don't know
what's gonna it's like dude don't worry
about that like figure out like figure
out what decision you're gonna make here
like we'll worry about this thing
okay we'll solve this problem and then
when we get to the next thing we'll
consider the options there and then
we'll solve that problem there if you
have the ability to look ahead and think
of like what will I do here that's good
but you don't want to stress about every
potential problem at every point in your
life it paralyzes the [ __ ] out of you
you can never move forward with any
decision if you are letting yourself be
weighed down by the potential negative
outcome of decisions before you that are
like mutually exclusive right like could
I have a kid or could I not have a kid
I'm gonna both simultaneously stress out
about where I want to send my kid to
school and what people are gonna say
about me if I'm 30 and I'm still
childless like you can't stress out
about both of these things at the same
time don't do it like make one decision
and then figure out what you want to
stress over don't be worried about every
single thing before you all the time
like that's so bad you can't be like you
[ __ ] yourself like so hard doing that
like yeah like a lot of people will do
that like it drives me crazy because I'm
always like that I'm always like that
listen Poland stop okay let's we have
one decision ahead of us okay let's make
this decision and then what for
depending where we go from there
we'll look at the next decision it's
always good to look at all the branching
paths like if we do this will that that
that happen if we do this well this this
has happened we can look at those
but don't worry about those don't stress
about all of those we're not even there
yet because you're gonna waste time
stressing over things that are never
gonna happen
right
it [ __ ] your life so hard that's one
problem that I notice a lot of people
doing and then here's another problem
okay I'm trying to think if I can use
like a real life example for this okay
when I was in Sweden
here are the here are all of the kind of
problems that I'm juggling right me and
Lena got into a fight over some really
dumb [ __ ] me and Hassan are getting into
huge fights my community and Hassan's
are like violently splitting I'm losing
hundreds of subscribers because I'm
traveling a lot I'm spending an
uncomfortable amount of money because as
I'm traveling I did it's costs a lot of
money to do it I'm not streaming as much
so I'm generating less money I'm missing
on a couple sponsor deals because I'm
not in the USA to take advantage of them
I'm reforming my business because I had
to cancel it in Nebraska and move it to
California I'm also considering whether
or not I should move to Austin or stay
in California so I've been talking to
two different financial managers slash
business planners to see what's the most
tax-advantaged thing to do and I and I
think there are a couple other concerns
but these are like the things that like
these things are all things that are
constantly weighing on my mind at any
particular point in time and while I'm
doing all of this I have to keep working
and moving forward right because like
for the kind of life that I live like if
I stop at any point in time and I start
like stressing oh and then I mean I
guess like I'll add this it's not a big
thing but like on top of all of this I'm
constantly being poked and prodded and
attempted people are attempting to
destroy me on like social media oh and I
had the big stress hanging over me that
the FBI called me and they said that
when I got back into Nebraska they
needed to talk to me immediately and
they wouldn't tell me what it was about
so and I'm sure there's even more right
if I'm oh I'm also trying to I'm talking
to my immigration lawyer to try to get
all the necessary information together
for me and Molina to do the marriage
stuff I'm sure there's other stuff right
there's there's always stuff going on
right there's like a million different
things going on at any particular point
in my life but like if you wanna if you
stop at any point in time for me right
if I stop at any point in time and I
just started thinking about like every
horrible [ __ ] thing that's like oh
god what I'm gonna do right you never
make any [ __ ] decision ever like
you're always gonna get [ __ ] like you
can never move forward but like when you
have like a whole bunch of problems like
the best thing to do is just like
okay I woke up today what do I need to
do I have to stream for two hours I know
I have to do that and then I'll gather
what I can for like the Molina visa [ __ ]
I'll schedule the appointments just
start doing stuff like if you just start
doing stuff like that's all you can do
like there's all these things that you
can always be stressing about but if you
just start doing stuff it's so much
better it sounds like it sounds like a
it sounds like a three head or four head
thing like just do stuff for head but
people will get themselves like so
paralyzed in like all the bad stuff and
all the potential and they don't even
know where to do it they don't were to
start it's like walking into like a
really messy room and you don't even
know where to start cleaning and the
best thing to do is just start somewhere
just start picking up something
somewhere go to a corner of the room and
just start cleaning it you know pick up
some books put them on a bookshelf even
if the bookshelf isn't clean just put
them there so they're in the right spot
um make your bed
right you know take all the [ __ ] off
your bed push it on the floor who cares
make your bed clean right and after you
do that when you step back if you look
at your room okay well now you have your
bed is made which is good and one corner
of the room is clean which is good okay
we've got something done that's good we
see progress right okay well pick
something else and just work on it like
okay well maybe organize your bookshelf
okay that's not push everything else off
onto the floor who the [ __ ] cares where
goes now your bookshelf is being right
maybe now we want to clean the floor
right okay just pick stuff up even if
you throw some stuff onto a shelf
someplace you haven't clean already
right but as long as you're like moving
forward eventually you know when you're
50% of the way through
well now it's like okay I have all this
bad [ __ ] but I've done everything I can
for this stuff and now I have like this
few more things I can do but I've made
progress it feels like I have
accomplished something even though there
are all of these things weighing over me
like at least we got some work done
because we didn't just sit down and
stress over every possible thing like at
least we did something and it's it's
like it's always possible to be working
on or doing something you can always
make some progress just don't let
yourself get bogged down in this like
paralysis where you're analyzing
everything so much and you're worrying
about the negative potentials of
decisions that aren't even before you
yet that you're like like screwing
yourself out of getting anything done
you know sorry but like my life over the
past like couple months I would say is
been like I would say like probably more
stressful than the average person that I
have there's like a lot of [ __ ] that
weighs on me like pretty constantly but
like though which typically like the way
that I usually approach things is just
like okay what can I do today right well
I can't do anything about this I can't
do anything about that and I can't do
anything about that so [ __ ] that not
gonna worry about it right we'll worry
about that tomorrow I write it down I've
got my google key where I write down my
medium long term and short term [ __ ]
that I can worry about and what can I do
today I can do this I can stream I can
read my subreddit I can you know I can
do this thing and I can do these emails
and that's it and we just do what we can
every day and the next day comes and
then you do what you can that day and
that's it you know yeah sorry it's
really hard for me and this is like a
problem that I get into with some people
it's really hard for me sometimes when I
deal with some people and it feels like
they're getting bogged down with the
potential stressors of every possible
decision and it's like oh my god like
chill like just chill like calm down
like you can we can we can get through
it I had a friend that I had a friend
that I hung out with like two months ago
and when they they were coming into town
and they drove and they got into a car
accident in the parking garage and they
were like I would say like pretty upset
about it maybe like more upset like
pretty upset about it understandably so
right and it's like okay like walk over
you know figure out what's that like
okay are you hurt
nope you're not okay call the insurance
company pick up the phone call the
insurance company okay you did that make
an appointment you have car insurance
right make the appointment okay you did
it all right you've made the appointment
you're not injured your car is parked
everything's fine let it go in two weeks
this will all be like a funny [ __ ]
meme you've got your appointment your
insurance will take care of it you pay
for it it's done just [ __ ] walk away
from it don't let every single possible
negative thing in in life stress you out
at all points in time just don't do that
don't do it okay forehead focusing on
one thing at a time makes things so much
easier to get done yeah
what would this map look like if it was
years ago and you were still playing
Starcraft 2 professionally um I mean man
it really depends
Rachel was like a huge Rachel and Nathan
were huge stresses in my life I was
trying to balance like the difference
feeling like owned and twich that was
like a huge thing that weighted me at
one point figuring out where to live
that was crazy I lived with my ex-wife
for a year I was moving around different
with crazy people in Nebraska figuring
out what I always do like Starcraft 2
teen which was like a huge thing like
should do I joined root every team I
joined I never took a salary because I
wanted to help people I was super naive
managing like my public image was very
difficult at the time I was in like
Mitch mode where I wanted to be like
super real and raw and call people
racial slurs and [ __ ] the money thing
was like really challenging owned
stiffed me for $20,000 and back then
that was a lot of money to me I didn't
know like how did I like I was doing my
tax well the first year I tried to do my
taxes I went to H&R Block and they
handed me like a huge bill that I didn't
know how to undo until later [ __ ] I
don't know my relationship stuff
personally was a [ __ ] disaster
because I was a I was both a huge piece
of [ __ ] and I had no idea what I wanted
and I had like multiple people that were
like in and out of my life that was like
between oh god that was like a huge
[ __ ] yeah I don't know yeah there's
always like the jontron [ __ ] stressed
the [ __ ] out you didn't um for one night
it was pretty stressful mainly because I
couldn't sleep my phone kept going off
because people were trying to act my
accounts that was the probably that was
pretty stressful what do you think our
turning point was seems like you're on
the upswing lately I mean I always go
through ups swings or down swings or up
swing like what people sometimes what
people interpret is down swings aren't
really down swings at all so for
instance after I got banned from LSF
like a lot of people were saying like oh
like look at Destiny's viewership it's
falling off hardcore like a super like
he's done streaming whoa but not really
I just probably playing league for a
couple months
like that's all that was like that's
what I fear show huh
and now recently I felt like doing like
political stuff like a lot of people
always want to throw like my twinge at
me or like look like your stream is
dying it's like it's probably not dying
I'm probably just like I'm probably just
playing a lot of league you know but
like we can always like play not like oh
look like well looks like I've been
doing politics recently because all of
my viewership on like every [ __ ] time
horizon is actually like pretty far out
so it's like but I mean like I'm sure
like in a month or two if I feel like
writing like League again Oh
probably lose a lot of viewers again
because that's just how it goes you know
Pete one thing that like um like
tomorrow's always another day and
people's memories are real short that's
another thing that I notice with like a
lot of would like a lot of streamers the
streamers will get like super stressed
about like some drama that comes up you
know like oh no like [ __ ] this thing's
gonna [ __ ] me forever it's like it's not
gonna [ __ ] you forever dude like figure
out what you want and just start slowly
working towards it and you know in a
couple weeks people forget their [ __ ]
they always do public people always
forget their [ __ ] it's never the end of
the world when you're extreme or people
forget [ __ ] and they move on all the
[ __ ] time just don't let it bother
you and there's always gonna be like
some like there's always like some part
of your soul that irrevocably destroyed
depending on like the type of drama that
people hold on to right people but like
take parts of you and they'll use it
against you forever but you just got a
carrier you know people are always gonna
make fun of me for being a pedophile or
for having Nathan or for whatever Pepe
destiny what you've been saying is
basically I don't stress about X because
I have life experience with X and I
don't stress about X this isn't true for
most of the people you're currently
talking to your voice although got a
gained experience to not be stressed I
mean it's not so much that it's just
that like I mean like obviously I guess
it helps cuz now I'm like older and I
have more experience but just like man I
don't know what to say I like I just I
think I get it from my dad actually my
dad was like so [ __ ] bad with money
and so bad with managing his finances
but like he would do [ __ ] like my dad
would go out and work like a [ __ ]
horse now he could have like worked a
lot less if he wasn't so financially
stupid
well like he worked like a [ __ ]
and I think I picked that up I think I
picked that habit up to from him right
cuz when I was doing the carpet cleaning
[ __ ] I was working like [ __ ] dude like
[ __ ] 80 hours a week like it was
insane cuz like you had to you're like
there's no other option right I could
sit here and I could be stressed about
the fact that you know my ex-girlfriend
and I [ __ ] hate and is abusive
towards me is pregnant or that I'm
losing my house or that I have no future
ahead of me because my education failed
because I quit my school to save a job
that I end up getting fired from so I
can't even use it as working smart like
you can't like get like every little
thing can stress you out of like all
points your life well I was like well
what do I have to do now right well I
have to [ __ ] work right yeah I don't
know what is this do it what is this
dual command pod thing what are we doing
Destinee if you're going through hell
keep moving forward yeah I guess until
you're either until you either get out
of it or you die right yeah that analogy
of your room being messy and not knowing
where to start resonates so much do you
have any similar analogy um I don't know
I can't I don't know I'm sure we thought
hard enough I find like a lot of times
like people will phrase things where
it's like hey we have to do this thing
and people will say like well what if
that thing fails or what if we can't
figure this out people wait horn or
sorry or like or like what if what if
something goes wrong or what if the next
decision is bad and it's like we'll
listen okay like don't think of it that
way you like you're already sabotaging
yourself before you start like we'll
just do this one thing if it doesn't
work well then we'll deal with it when
it doesn't work or if we do this and
then the next thing [ __ ] us well we'll
deal with that thing when we get to the
next thing or if we do then we're like
right just the goal is is to minimize
the amount of [ __ ] that you stress over
it's possible that if we do option a by
the time we get to Z things are actually
totally [ __ ] but hey if it gets
totally [ __ ] up Z well let's think
about it at Z will stress about it then
don't stress about it the whole way
there because you might have been able
to succeed but then you [ __ ] yourself
like thinking you know things over too
much the entire time then you ended up
like [ __ ] yourself over right like
don't do that a lot of people especially
those in the age range of your average
twitch view are afraid of being
uncomfortable you're a good guy buddy I
love you yeah being uncomfortable really
good you should challenge yourself don't
yourself get too comfortable this is
like I think like a lot of the I think a
lot of the kind of like mentalities that
I develop this is what I like you know
like you know on one hand like oh no
like I got left alone at an early age
and it was so sad like I mean like it's
it's easy to kind of like say that and
cry about that but I really do think
that I picked up like a lot of like
pretty good habits because I was so
independent from an early age right like
um what does denims doing
did she eject her Kerbal
what is she doing when I was 16 I was
like pretty much on my own so it's like
well do you want to go to college I do
well how do you go to college I have to
find a way to work and I've got to find
a way to if I can find a place to live
like if you don't do it like you [ __ ]
starve right if I don't work I'm not
gonna have any money for food I don't
[ __ ] them I don't work and find a place
to live well I guess I'm [ __ ] living
on the streets there's no [ __ ] way
I'm going to Florida to lose my parents
[ __ ] that it's like you kind of like I
guess like maybe if you get like forced
into a corner that you have to do things
like what we have to work we have to do
this you have to do it I don't know just
one problem at a time
just [ __ ] forward motion my dudes I
noticed that I don't know if it's a
young or old person thing because
honestly I just don't talk to many
people maybe cuz I mainly talk to young
people because that's the only people
that on this [ __ ] platform but I
notice it like a lot of young people
that I talk to are like super paralyzed
by like lots of decisions by like like
that that one example that I gave
earlier like on ironically people will
okay should I have a kid
yes should I have a kid No right like
okay if I have a kid what if I [ __ ] that
kid up if I don't have a kid what if
people make fun of me for being
childless when I'm 35 and people will
get stressed about both of these
they'll be stressed about both of these
even though they both can't even happen
like why would you let both of these
things stress you out
pick one decision and then just get
stressed out about one thing or you know
or people do with college too like can I
do this major or got to do this major if
I go into cops I I'm gonna be miserable
my whole life cuz I hate computers how
am I going to art I'm not gonna have any
money
oh god and then they'll get upset
they'll get upset about both outcomes
and they haven't even chosen one why are
you letting everything of the few troops
set you when that can't even happen that
you can't even have all of these bad
things how many once it's like you're
like you have like Schrodinger's misery
except instead of like like all possible
states of misery at one point in time
are being considered in your mind and
hinges like open the box and pick one
just stress about one thing like don't
do this that you're [ __ ] yourself so
hard why would you do this at all points
in time it's really upsetting trying to
help someone and they're constantly
doing this [ __ ] yeah what's the solution
then the solution is that at any given
point in time
you have things you can do that are
within your control this is where like
the
Jordan Peterson like clean your room
thing comes from right and and I think
there's a military guy actually the
[ __ ] let's see we can find this I
actually really like this speech [ __ ]
I'm not gonna be able to find it does
anybody have there's like a guy that
like makes a speech oh it's this guy if
you want to change the world God can I
find this without like the dramatic
music what start this is a really good
speech it doesn't need dramatic music to
be a good speech
okay well listen with a dramatic if you
want to change the world start off by
making your bed if you make your bed
every morning you will have accomplished
the first task of the day it will give
you a small sense of pride and it will
encourage you to do another task and
another and another and by the end of
the day that one task completed
will have turned into mini task
completed making your bed will also
reinforce the fact that the little
things in life matter if you can't do
the little things right you'll never be
able to do the big things right and if
by chance you have a miserable day you
will come home to a bed that is made
you've done one thing okay I don't
remember the rest of speech okay [ __ ]
this music is too much okay I don't
remember what his main point is but like
here is like here's like the main
takeaway that I get from stuff like this
okay life is chaotic as [ __ ] there are
so many things at any given point that
are completely outside of your control
you can't control how the guy next to
you is gonna drive you can't control
whether or not your girlfriend is gonna
dump you you can't control whether or
not your parents are gonna get cancer or
Alzheimer's you can't control at any
given point in time there are so many
things outside of your control okay now
you can stress about all of those things
and let people like let let that weigh
on you like constantly and and let it
destroy you because you'll be crushed
under the weight of all of these
possibilities if you try to consider all
of them at any point in time but there
is like there are some things that you
do have control over right there are
some things you can control
right making your bed is one of those
things you can control that you can you
know like you can work a job and make
some money
you can you know do there are these
little things in life that you can have
control over
don't let the things that that stress
you out that make you feel like
everything is out of could
all let you lose control of the things
that you actually do have control over
don't let that happen
right that's that's all I'm saying I
guess is um yeah it's because people let
their fear in their obsession over
controlling every single thing under the
Sun run their life instead of just
deciding for themselves in accepting the
outcome 4head oh sure yeah I noticed
that too yeah one of the things of like
being afraid to fill is like another
thing that I noticed like this is one of
the reasons why I like I like leadership
roles one of the reasons why I like
leadership roles in anything and whether
it's a video game whether playing league
or whatever I like leadership roles
because if something fails I'm okay with
that
if I make a decision and it's the wrong
call and we end up losing a teamfight or
we lose the game or I lose some money or
whatever I'm okay with that because
somebody needs to make a decision and if
it's good if it succeeds well I'm really
happy with that too because I was in
charge of that decision but a lot of
people are really scared I noticed that
a lot of people are scared to take on
leadership roles because they don't want
the weight of their failure to weigh on
everyone else or not win everyone else
but they don't wanna be responsible for
the failure of the group right
just make a decision isn't it like
sometimes you're gonna make the wrong
decision no one makes every right
decision
okay yeah you can either go zero zero or
two seven okay
leading the way to run it down mid yeah
is there a reason it seems your mood is
noticeably improved lately I don't think
it's necessarily noticeably improved I
think I was just streaming a lot less in
Sweden and I had a lot of stressors
going on in Sweden like I've moved
through a lot of these that I've kind of
fixed and I don't have much like before
me right now I don't have very many like
variables ahead of me at the moment like
I've handled the Hasaan stuff I kind of
see the direction all that's headed I
talked to the FBI and nothing bad came
from that I know the direction I need to
go with Molina's [ __ ] I know that I'm
gonna be streaming all month this month
I know that uh yeah for the most part
like I have like my what is she trying
to do just Corbett forever your time
going home dude
but yeah like I don't think I have like
anything in front of me that I don't
think there any potential like usually
bad outcomes
what's an example will you embrace
discomfort and anxiety or social anxiety
I don't think I normally get like social
anxiety why Luna why is she doing this
it's like she can't help herself what
about when you had that bad carpenter
job did you have those kinds of worries
um honestly I don't know if being poor
is like stressful in the same way that
it is no I don't really know if being
poor was stressful so much as it was
just like depressing and soul-destroying
like it's like it's like the difference
between feeling like like I have to run
an obstacle course and if I succeed then
I get like $1,000 and if I fail I like
get my finger chopped off that's like my
level that's what I deal with now like
those are the kinds of stress video so I
got to keep running right but like being
like really poor and financially
destitute is like I'm gonna die in six
months and I can't do anything about it
so we just [ __ ] chug on and my life
is [ __ ] miserable and [ __ ] it like I
it's like it's a different kind of
feeling I guess I don't know I don't
know how to describe it because like
when you're poor you don't really have
as many options to get stressed out
about like it's not like I'm thinking of
like how should I structure my business
as a carpet cleaner it's more just like
oh like my tire pop today that's a
hundred and fifty dollars I can't afford
this like I'm completely and utterly
[ __ ] like I don't I don't know how
it's it's different it's a different
type of feeling I guess I've said this
before and it's like I've said this
before and I say this a lot I don't I'm
not trying to like gate keep like being
poor but like the worst part for me
always about being poor was the idea
that there's no escape like like a lot
of people do like I say this a lot like
people do like the me and what's like oh
look like you're really poor for one
month and it's like ah that's really
cute but the thing
sucks about being like super poor isn't
that it's for one month that's that this
is gonna be the rest of your life and
it's only going to get worse from here
like like every single day you live when
you're poor could potentially be the
worst day of your life because the next
day could just be even worse because
it's another day you're getting older
it's another day like when you look back
man especially if you're stuck man
especially if you're stuck in like the
same area dude driving back driving
around in my little [ __ ] carpet
cleaner van and I would drive by my high
school and I would look like Oh like hey
that's where I waited for my dad until
like 7 o'clock every night where I
thought like oh man like when I get out
of here and I get older I'm either gonna
be a famous musician or like a big
computer guy and bla bla bla and Here I
am at [ __ ] 21 years old driving
around my shitty carpet cleaner van with
no college education and I'm never going
back to school and I'm never gonna
[ __ ] get a real job and I write like
that kind of like permanently [ __ ]
mentality is so much worse oh my god it
is so painful I think that being poor
would be easier if you would just leave
where you came from because visiting old
areas when you're like so [ __ ] Oh God
and looking back you're like what was it
like that was the closest I ever came to
kill him myself
I don't think I ever would come to
narcissistic for it but it was it was I
had to do some carpet cleaning job at
some house and Oh God and it was one of
those [ __ ] it was one of these like fall
days it was one of these like super it
was like one of these super super I
don't know I've seen nostalgic fall days
but there's like at least in the Midwest
there's like this feeling when fall is
there if you have like all of these
leaves on the ground that make these
noises we can walk through them and
there's like you see these like super
colorful leaves that are like blowing in
the wind and like the Sun is setting and
everything is so beautiful and and
everything is so nice and I had this
like super distinct feeling and it's
like the up the other thing I remember
here was when I was at my girlfriend's
high school and I was hanging around
outside and I was talking to all of
their friends and we were all just like
shooting the [ __ ] or whatever and when
you're like when you're 17 and 18 like
the whole world is in front of you and
you can do anything in your life and
you're thinking about like where am I
gonna go to college what kind of life am
I gonna live what kind of wife am I
gonna have kind of kids am I gonna do
what kind of awesome things are gonna do
and then being 21 and rolling up my
[ __ ] hoses in my shitty carpet
cleaning van where I just spent five
hours at a job site that I'm probably
gonna get paid about forty five dollars
for I was like what in the [ __ ] happened
I have no education I'm never gonna be
able to afford to go back to school
I have third
thousand dollars in student loan debt I
have a kid on the way with a girl it is
that we were abusive to her it's like
holy [ __ ] it is such a horrible [ __ ]
feeling oh my god dude it's really
really really really really hard to deal
with it's that it's like that lack of
future it's like I'm like I'm 21 rolling
up my hoses now and I'm probably gonna
be doing something similar when I'm 35
years old and like everything in my life
is just gonna get measurably worse and
there's no possible way that anything is
ever gonna get better my life because
there's no recourse or no way out of any
of us yikes anyway there's you're
depressing me with the day like yeah
holy [ __ ] is so horrible how do you
reconcile acknowledging that poverty is
suicidally depressing with your recent
[ __ ] right-wing takes on twitter Pepe no
band this is a meme nice yeah I don't
give write win takes but but like this
is like another thing that kind of like
this kind of like informs me of like how
it like my feelings about poor people
and my feelings about like policy in the
United States like this is why I like
when I took a look at policy about like
it's something like Nancy Pelosi or I
look at somebody like you know Hillary
Clinton it's like okay well how can we
help like people in the United States
like right now like I don't think like a
socialist revolution is gonna like
happen that's gonna like change all of
these people's lives I don't think that
like some college kid debating on
[ __ ] Twitter about how Marx knew
everything like I don't think there's
kind of like we need things like higher
minimum wage we need things like free
health care okay we need like like none
of the people that I don't know like
that's just not to like make it
political I guess but when I was poor
when I was poor there was a
soul-crushing self-doubting that hung
over me like a cloud and I feel like a
lot of people just adapt to living that
way instead of trying to break out of it
the key is accepting a lot of discomfort
for bits of progress well the problem is
that like depending on your life
situation when you get really poor there
really is like there can be like no way
out of it like or there are ways out of
it but it's a catch-22 because if you
knew how to get out of it if you really
were smart enough and knew the to it
that's smart enough but if you had the
tools to get out of it you probably
would have gotten out of it or you
probably would have gotten there in the
first place right you know did you ever
consider the military during those tough
times and it can be a reset button for
life yeah when I was 18 or 19 I wanted
to join the Air Force but I didn't weigh
enough I was um
when I was 18 or 19 I think I weighed
what did I say I think was 105 pounds
and I was like five seven and you had to
weigh at least one
or 115 another huge benefit is good
friends having someone you can talk to
about things deeply troubling you yeah
that's probably good - I've never been a
social person I've always been like a
loner so I don't know you get anxiety or
nervous about public speaking at all um
I don't think so I mean I may be as much
as like a normal person that would but
not normal I guess cuz I people are
really afraid of it I don't know when
you were broke and had a kid to support
you never asked your parents for help at
all my parents have never been in a
position to help me no never I started
helping them I guess now that I scream
and sometimes I'll make a mortgage
payment for them or whatever but um
they've just never Ivy I've never since
I was 16 I never got any financial help
from my parents at all how were you able
to go to private school growing up were
your parents orig my parents initially
took out loans and student aid to do it
I also did something called a work-study
so at basically after school my school
would get out at 2:30 and I would work
until five o'clock every night as a
janitor and then sometimes I would come
in on Saturdays and Sundays and work for
eight hours as a janitor and that let
you pay off your student loan your your
tuition yeah
but my parents still couldn't no but
yeah the worst thing I had the shittiest
feeling was for my AP psychology class I
got pulled out of the test because the
Dean showed up and my parents didn't pay
the $75 for my AP test that sucked
do you think that Universal social
security net what destiny do you think
that a universal social security net you
be our jobs guarantee will be in
necessity in the near future love you
buddy maybe I don't know it's hard to
say if you didn't have the ability to
stream as a living would there have been
any other reasonable way to get out of
poverty I don't know it doesn't feel
like this so what are your AP scores I
don't remember I think they were all
fours or fives the AP tests the AP tests
were really generous oh my god
like [ __ ] I don't want to make this up
but unlike some of those calc AP exams
couldn't you literally get like a 70%
and still get like a 4 am i making this
up it felt like they were really really
easy to
get fours and fives on it was insane you
can get a five or the 70s yeah I was
shocked like the the final exams in the
class were always harder than the than
the AP exams but that but I mean I went
to like a prep school like a private
prep school so probably you know like
they bust your balls or whatever I was
really really lucky everything else I
think I might have gotten a four and I
get a four or five on my ap music theory
exam I don't remember I might have got a
four on that one
Stew's in chat we took you were Annie we
were did we do ap Theory together right
I see Stu and twitch chat I'll remember
if I got a four or five of mine do you
remember I don't know if he's listening
right now or not that's a thing yeah I
think it was ap music three one and two
they split it between oral skills yeah I
got a five on there written because the
written was super easy but I think I got
a four on the listening like the
transcription part I think I got a four
on it and I think it Everage it out to a
four did you ever stress over girls in
high school at college no I went to an
all-boys high school and to be honest I
actually can't imagine I actually can't
imagine doing high school with girls
holy [ __ ]
I remember going from grade school to
high school it seemed like going to like
an all-boys school was the worst thing
in the world like oh god like all boys
I'm gonna turn gay or some dumb [ __ ] but
oh my god after going to an all-boys
high school I don't know how people I
don't know how people can do school and
have girls there I would [ __ ] kill
myself I don't know it seems like would
be so [ __ ] hard I don't know how
people do it holy [ __ ] you still [ __ ]
around in high school didn't you I only
had one girl in all of high school and
that was my girlfriend my wife or that I
actually had sex with yeah remember that
you have an extremely abnormal libido I
don't think I was like super [ __ ]
sex-crazed when I was in high school
destiny explained I don't know just like
the stresses of like growing older like
going through puberty I mean and
everything and then like trying to
figure out school and your place in life
and your place in the world and fighting
with parents and all of that [ __ ] and
then also dealing with girls like I
don't know I just use like a lot to do
it how did you end up cleaning carpets
did you use to supervise in a restaurant
my god [ __ ] fired for the most
ridiculous [ __ ] nice I got fire
because I made an enemy out of my
manager which is really [ __ ] stupid
but yeah I started cleaning carpets
after because I had no I didn't my uncle
said rest of the job I went to an
all-boys school it [ __ ] my perspective
my perception of women how to interact
with them was a similar your high school
I mean like we still interacted a lot
with the other all-girls high school I
guess like it really helped my dude I
don't know how I got into so many weird
[ __ ] situations growing up I think
when I was 16 ish my dad moved to
Florida to join my mom so I lived with
my grandma in like a it's called true
Gary and senior residences it was like
an apartment it was like an apartment
complex for senior citizens so I live
with my grandma there who was addicted
to drugs and had dementia some crazy
dumb [ __ ] [ __ ] I didn't have a car
though so I had no way to like get to
school so I had to like try to get like
my grandma's old friends to drive me to
school at like [ __ ] 4 or 5 a.m. some
crazy stupid [ __ ] and eventually it got
to a point to where [ __ ] do is actually
in chat but he's afk he's the Abraxas
guy in twitch hey he's my mods but butts
to the guy actually in chat somehow
recommended me to a friend of his Kia
and she I don't know how but like we
talked to an aim for a little bit AOL
Instant Messenger and she agreed to give
me rides home every day because she
lived and um because she lived like kind
of close to me close ish ish and so she
agreed to give me rides to and from
school every day because our schools
were maybe like 5 or 10 minutes away
from each other and so yeah she was like
my ride to school I think for maybe a
year is that the girl you almost [ __ ]
dude I was such a beta person I had no
idea yeah I think we made out for like
six months this is why I really like
kissing and I think I'm a good kisser
but like we met up for like six months
like every day after school in her car
we made out she also had a boyfriend too
but I guess she didn't care
Kurt
remember that we would argue so much oh
my god one of the things I miss about
private schools are so many smart girls
my ex-wife was super smart
I loved her dude if I was talking some
[ __ ] dumb ass [ __ ] man you think
I'm arrogant now you should have met me
in [ __ ] high school I was so [ __ ]
arrogant but my ex-wife would call me
out on my [ __ ] so much like what the
[ __ ] do you really know what you're
talking about like do you really think
that's real like that's some [ __ ]
I remember the Kia girl the Kia girl got
me into reading some of Kurt Vonnegut's
books
so like slaughterhouse-five or a cat's
cradle and [ __ ] and we would somehow she
was a big Kurt Vonnegut and I ran fan
but she was also hugely Catholic so it
was really weird so like I read anthem
and then I think I read the one with
that one girl the Atlas Shrugged book
and then I read up yeah and then the two
Vonnegut books and somehow she was like
she was Catholic and I'm like dude like
there's no way you how can you be
Catholic and read these books and think
this like these are like atheist is [ __ ]
and we would like argue so much about
like yeah oh my god it was so crazy I
don't know how [ __ ] yeah but in private
school girls were so smart like or at
least in that friend group they were all
like really smart it's really hard to
find hey I don't know what was high
school like socially for you being poor
in a school with a lot of rich kids um I
don't know
my home life was like really depressing
it wasn't as bad once I started living
with my grandma because like the
utilities weren't getting shut off but I
remember like I'm pretty sure there was
like a good period of time there was
like a six month period of time where
like I was living off of uh it was
double cheeseburgers from McDonald's I'm
pretty sure the most amount of food I
could get for the cheapest amount of
money was a one doubt $0.99 double
cheeseburger for McDonald's I would eat
that almost every night and then it was
like it was a dice roll [ __ ] dude the
most stressful thing would be because my
dad would pick me up really late from
school at like 7 p.m. or some [ __ ] and
then he would drive me home and drop me
off and then he would drive back to work
and I would go home and the most
stressful thing the most stressful part
of the day was he would open the door
and then he would go in the house and
sometimes I wouldn't push the first
light switch because I didn't know if
the lights were on I would walk through
like the dark kitchen
like and then downstairs and then go
into my bedroom and then I would turn
that light on to see if the lights were
actually on or not because if they were
off I was gonna be a boring ass [ __ ]
night because you didn't have any
[ __ ] cell phones and I couldn't play
like any [ __ ] games to do anything so
I would just [ __ ] it yeah holy [ __ ] it
was some [ __ ] so I actually didn't
even mind being left in school sometimes
really late because coming home and the
power's out it's like [ __ ] I can't
[ __ ] do anything this is some
[ __ ] I stole a PSP from some guy the
gameboy didn't have lights yet I [ __ ]
off they were in game boys I stole a PSP
from somebody in high school
I remember and I took that home
sometimes to play [ __ ] what was it was
it san andreas one of the grand theft
auto's was on was on PSP I remember I
played for a while but the water getting
turned off was even worse than no lights
yeah water getting turned off was [ __ ]
however we didn't run into that as much
the heater getting turned off in winter
sucked but they would never turn off the
water because if they turn off the water
their pipes will freeze and then you'll
be [ __ ] so I think in Omaha there's a
policy not to shut the water off in
winter so sometimes you let the heat let
the bills laps on the utilities in the
winter knowing that they wouldn't shut
the water off but it sucks when you're
poor because once you get your utility
shutoff not only do you have to pay back
your bill plus you have to pay back late
fees and you have to pay back you've got
to pay a reactivation fee for them to
come out and turn your [ __ ] back on how
are you able to deal with so much hate
and not be depressed as [ __ ] I feel like
with the kind of person I am I feel like
if I look to other people to like
evaluate like the kind of person I am
or to like judge me or value me right my
value doesn't usually come from other
people view me I think if it did I think
I would have off myself a long time ago
just because like some of the stuff I
grew up with was I think a little bit
depressing and I think I don't know I
think I would've had a really hard time
dealing with it if I was like drawing
value from other people like oh no like
I don't think my parents love me or I
don't think like other people love me
but I think I would have [ __ ] been a
real rough but I've been like a pretty
independent person so like I like I have
like a good idea of like okay so I think
I have a realistic idea like Who am I
what are my strengths what are my
weaknesses what am I [ __ ] up what am
I not [ __ ] up and it doesn't really
bother me like other people think I'm
being stupid other people think I'm
being dumb I think I usually have like a
decent ability to step back and evaluate
like okay am I being a deep [ __ ] right
now am I being an [ __ ] like okay I
understand like what's going on ba ba ba
I don't think that's kind of helped to
keep me do you think strong adversity
makes a better person I mean obviously
I'm super biased but I mean obviously I
would say that yeah
but your parents on a lot like client
mine my dad was making mid six figures
like 400k years have her management for
sales at in a mortgage brokerage by the
time the economy collapsed I was living
in a house with the utilities being
turned off for days at a time because he
got so depressed and just give him life
yeah that sucked
I remember it was really awkward that my
dad I don't know if I said this upstream
before I think I did when my my dad
bought a house and thought what was it
was like near I think was off of 97th
and Center actually not too far from the
house I don't know my dad bought a house
from a slumlord so what this guy did was
he rented this house out from us and the
goal was that we would pay a reduced
rent as long as we agreed to renovate
the house from him so my dad would try
to get my uncle to come over and
renovate for free and then this landlord
go minder that destiny still hasn't dyed
his hair for reaching his soap goal nice
my this guy would come over and he would
like check out the house every couple
months to see if like the work being
done it was good and then if it wasn't
right we would get in trouble and
eventually like that the progress was so
unsatisfactory that he kicked us out
because I got what you're not doing
enough so you guys have to get the [ __ ]
out started from the bottom and now I'm
here Drake's Denis 2019 yeah but the
really awkward thing was I remember that
guy he's a multimillionaire his first
name was Jan I know his last name
nobody was Jan but he's actually one of
my seven star customers at the casino
that was such a weird that was so weird
for me it was a very weird moment of my
life that I would watch this guy come
over from like the high-stakes blackjack
room with this guy's betting you know
ten twenty thousand dollars a hand he
would come over in an order sandwich
from me maybe he'd tipped me like ten
bucks or whatever and I was like oh [ __ ]
like this guy that's bending ten or
twenty thousand dollars a hand he I
remember when he evict it me and my dad
from the house that we used to live in
this house is worth like 100 K or
whatever this is it's insane like I'm so
crazy
yeah holy [ __ ] did you confront him no I
mean it's part of the system I'm not
gonna it's not his fault [ __ ]
did you ever want to [ __ ] with his food
no I've never seen anybody [ __ ] with
anybody's food at McDonald's or in the
casino I've never seen that happen
before did music help you through it it
was something I love music playing my
keyboard has always been like a really
like awesome distressing for me every
time I'm done streaming like at the end
of every stream like I used to apply for
like 30 minutes it's just like I don't
know music is like a really cool thing I
really
if you don't my talking about it how did
you go the Chris after grief after Chris
diet um I really don't know I like this
is like super unsatisfactory I wish I
had like a really good answer for you
but I just didn't have like that much
grief I guess I remember that the day
that it happened I think I woke up it
must have been like five or six o'clock
at night cuz I think no no I must have
woken up at like noon ish because I
think I was doing swing shifts at the
casino and then I think Sarah one of
Rachel's friends called Rachel and said
hey some guy got ran over by a [ __ ]
train but I recognized the name like is
this the same Chris that we hung out
with and then Rachel told me I was like
holy [ __ ] ivy actually [ __ ] killed
himself but like yeah after that I guess
like that day was pretty weird like it's
kind of weird like you log on to like
ruin scape and [ __ ] and I like I see his
account like on my friends list or like
I would go on to I think we were using
MSN then like I log into MSN and I see
that like he's logged into MSN and it
must be like his sister on his account
cuz obviously he's [ __ ] dead yeah
that was like yeah it was very weird but
yeah I mean I don't know it happened and
did you disassociate like kinda like you
kind of just didn't have any feelings
but things were weird um I don't think I
disassociated I just think like yeah it
sucked and you know no who's Chris Chris
was my best friend growing up
when we were felt like I've told these
stories of my own times when we were
around 19 or 20 I don't know I look it
up 20 year-old okay so I guess maybe
were 20 all might see like all my
friends growing up were like black or
Mexican [ __ ] I remember this stupid
[ __ ] shirt he wore - I never I never
knew what the [ __ ] this shirt was holy
[ __ ] that's really [ __ ] weird to see
but um he he lived behind me growing up
when I was in my house the very first
mess I've ever had that we got
foreclosed on when I was like 13 but um
when we were around 20
I guess when he was 20 years old he got
caught he got caught dealing drugs to an
undercover he's tried to sell weed and
it was an undercover cop and the way
that he the way that he figured it was
he was looking at like some charges in
Iowa he didn't really have a car
he was done with high school but he
didn't go to college he still lived with
his mom he didn't really have a job and
he kind of figured he was kind of a
loser and I guess like he was like oh
[ __ ] out like I think I'm just gonna
kill myself and we I remember we talked
about it for I think we I think we
talked about it for like three days it
was me him and then another friend that
he had that would like go back and forth
talking to him for like two or three
days about it and I remember at the time
I was like really torn because I didn't
know if I should have I was thinking
like should I call the cops should have
calls parents but it felt like it felt
like it wasn't my decision to make like
if this is really what he wants to do
like Who am I to like take that away
from him and I remember I kind of I kind
of thought about that for the few days
after like after he did kill himself was
like [ __ ] like should I called the cops
should I call his parents like I don't
know like if this is like my fault or
not like I thought about that for a
while but um yeah I don't know I I'm
still not I'm still not 100% over like
what I don't know what the right call is
they're like I don't like I don't blame
myself or anything for it I'm not I
don't know what um yeah I don't know
that's a really hard one I don't I'm
sure you can make an argument either way
I mean I've heard convincing arguments
both ways some people say that if
somebody was suicidal they're not in a
right state of mind to kill themselves
so you should take that autonomy away
from them using like the police or
whatever other people say that that's a
catch-22 well if you're gonna say that
somebody that suicidal is not on the
right state of mind that means that
literally nobody can ever kill
themselves because anytime they become
suicidal you're gonna say that they're
not in the right state of mind to do it
I think the argument that are the thing
that I went with at the time was like um
the thing is is it like where I was at
in my life and everything and where he
was in his life I couldn't really say
like dude like just like tough it out
like it'll get better
I mean like I told him that but I don't
know if he necessarily believed it and I
don't even know if that was necessarily
true I mean I think it's probably true
generally if you're 20 you're really
[ __ ] young but you know do you ever
think about it still I feel like I might
stick with me a bit if I were in your
shoes I don't know there's like a lot of
stuff that I try to think about I try to
think about it because I kind of wonder
like does this affect me on a
subconscious level do I have
difficulties like forming relationships
with I don't think it does if anything I
kind of think I mean it's sad like if he
would have stuck around like we would
have been like a crazy streaming through
because we did everything like all the
crazy like gaming show that I did
growing up was I did it with him like
all of the crazy like peak hang [ __ ]
that we did and [ __ ] runescape with
like our dual [ __ ] peers Oh
I'm sure that we didn't Starcraft dumb
shouldn't we did on this uh there was
this gaming platform called beyond we
were these crazy stupid games who played
[ __ ] load Wars and then you guys
remember we did that with chat one day
all these other crazy games like yeah we
did like a lot of crazy stupid [ __ ] like
that and he was like gaming like all the
time so yeah beyond BYO ND there were so
many dumb fun crazy [ __ ] games on
that yeah did he consider military he
was like um he was like a punk kid I
guess like a punk kid I don't think he
would have ever fit in there like he was
always like a [ __ ] kind of person
like that kind of thing like a cool
rebellious kid or whatever as much as
you could be at 20 with no job in no car
did you say he passed I'm kind of he
laid down his some train tracks and he
waited for a train to run him over so I
mean yeah I mean he passed in that way I
think he died on his way to the hospital
and a cab kind of person yeah but not
like an aid cab kind of person and like
he's politically motivated but that he
would just like hate cops in general
because they're probably busting him for
doing some [ __ ] honestly the criminal
justice system [ __ ] is he so hard if you
screw up that it's basically impossible
to recover it yeah pretty much yeah it
[ __ ] you really hard for sure when was
the last time you cried I actually cried
so much on the last it's been a while
like over I don't know a decade or
something I don't know I'm just not much
of a crying person except for when I was
on LSD I cried a ton holy [ __ ] I don't
know why but when I was on LSD like
everything was super emotional and like
my moods would swing like crazy towards
the like the last half of my trip [ __ ] :
I don't know if my mom is listening or
not I hope she's not oh man I hope she's
not but my mom called and I was super
giggly oh [ __ ] I don't know what cry
talking about this this is so sad to me
about a year ago my mom got a test where
she tested positive for Alzheimer's
I think she got they draw the only way
to normally you don't test for this but
she did it I think it was like a lumbar
puncture to draw a cerebral spinal fluid
out and she and she they did that test
to see if she had Alzheimer's no and
apparently she tested positive for it so
that's the memes dad well we so that's
been like pretty stressful for her but I
remember that I called her when I was on
LSD usually cuz like I like talking to
my mom like even if we we have our
differences especially politically but I
like talking to my mom like it's you
know I catch up and I know that she
really loves talking to me and if I can
make somebody's day like a million times
better yeah I mean I can do it it's
pretty easy for me and yeah you should
always call your parents your parents
would love to hear from you if they have
it for a while but yeah so I called my
mom and I was kind of giggly kind of on
LSD and I know that she [ __ ] hates it
when I'm on drugs and shows so I thought
it'd be funny to call her and while I
was talking to her act we caught up a
little bit she started to tell me about
her day and oh man she told me that on
her day she went around to a couple
different doctors to get tests for her
kidneys oh [ __ ] hold on I don't actually
know how I can talk about this is
actually so sad holy [ __ ] she told me
that she got she told me that she was
driving around and doing tests for her
kidneys and I remember that I asked on
the phone I was like really confused I
was like why are you getting why are you
getting your kidneys tested and it's
because she told me that she had red she
read somewhere on the internet that
there is um some type of um what do you
call it it's one of those things that
can make people fat when you have like
hypo hypo thyroidism or something I
don't member it was something like this
but she said that she'd heard that um
that these types of things might have an
impact on your memory and so she was
getting around and I just I had this
horrible impression in my head that my
mom was like running around to all of
these different doctors trying to get a
different opinion that would say that
she doesn't have Alzheimer's because she
didn't want to accept it and oh my god
dude I died I almost have ball I cried
hard and I've ever cried
my entire life for like the next like
five minutes it's alright I know I was
made emotional but I'm holy [ __ ] it was
so sad because I just I had this
impression of like my mom like getting
older and like getting confused and
being scared in her house and not really
knowing what's going on and trying to
get answers from other doctors because
she didn't want to think that she was
gonna die the same way her mom did in
the next like five years or whatever and
oh my god holy [ __ ] yeah yeah I had to
hang up like 32nd cider holy [ __ ] it was
so hard holy [ __ ] yeah did you cry on
the phone with her I don't know if she
could tell it wasn't out but I yeah cuz
I hung up but holy [ __ ]
the did you cry friend Emily oh yeah
dude I was dying for like two minutes oh
my god it was so bad but I think it was
because like the LSD like kicked my
emotions into like like overdrive how is
she doing now I mean she's doing fine
but like she's she'll chill she'll be
dead and it's like four to eight years
five to eight years at the onset so she
was diagnosed I don't know how far into
it they catch it so maybe like four or
five years yeah I mean like Alzheimer's
is irreversible there's nothing you can
do to stop it
once it starts that's not actually true
lol if you want to correct me you can
post a source but from what I read
Alzheimer's kills you in about five to
eight years and I am very positive that
it's irreversible I know because I was
gonna because I was looking for a whole
bunch of different things you could do
for it because I would have given her
all my money or fundraise the [ __ ] out
of whatever to see if there was some
crazy treatment or whatever to get her
into it my grandma had Alzheimer's for
like fifteen years I read five to eight
years from diagnosis I don't know how
many okay right how long can you live
with Alzheimer this is three to eleven
years some survived twenty years or more
okay so maybe maybe you can like make it
for a really long time I guess depending
on how it progresses well I think specta
C varies for each person average likes
many overtimes is eight to ten years
okay yeah it can be as short as three or
as long as twenty
but yeah I think basically what happens
is like so much of the brain starts to
rot away that what eventually kills you
is you'll lose control of like some
basic motor functions and you like choke
on your tongue or something like that
and will eventually kill you or
something yeah do you not worried that
you were Nathan could get it yeah
actually I thought about it a lot after
my mom got diagnosed I started to it's
really weird because now like I'm pretty
sure I don't have it but like every time
I forget something all like stop for
like I'll stop for like ten minutes like
wait what did I just forget like okay
why was doing this as like every time
you forget anything I don't have any of
you ever had like Alzheimer's in the
family but like I'll do that we're all
stuff is like wait what was I just
talking about like oh [ __ ] like what
happened like oh [ __ ] I'll think about
it like a million times over and I get
like super [ __ ] paranoid like wait a
second [ __ ] do I have Alzheimer's now
like yeah honestly that disease is one
of my biggest fears my grandmother had
dementia yeah for sure
especially after the mushroom trip cuz I
kind of wonder like is Alzheimer is just
like being in that in being in that
crazy mushroom room every day we're like
you get there and you're kind of in
another world and you don't really know
anything around you and everything is
super unfamiliar and you don't know the
people around you and you don't know
like how long you've been alive or what
existence is or what anything means or
what's gonna happen like that's kind of
what I feel like I mean I don't I can't
truly know but like just because of like
that crazy mushroom trip I feel that's
like that's the perspective that I draw
back on where I wonder if this is what
it'll feel like when it starts advancing
because like people that get like
towards the lighter parts of Alzheimer's
started to start to become very anxious
and very paranoid they can get up and
just leave the house they won't
recognize friendly people around them
after a while they start to get very
agitated because they're very unfamiliar
with their surroundings imagine like
have you ever stayed over at a friend's
house we're in a hotel and you go out
partying and you come back and then you
wake up one day and you're not you don't
actually know where you are because
you're like at a friend's house and
you're like what the [ __ ] oh [ __ ] I'm at
a friend's house duh like imagine waking
up like that but it's your own home and
you don't actually remember
[Music]
hey buddy going through the same thing
my mom can hardly construct full
sentences anymore let alone remember us
no life sucks but tomorrow will
hopefully be better in terms of removing
things you shouldn't worry about now
you're getting Alzheimer's yeah I mean I
don't stress over it all the time
obviously I can't really do anything
about it like yeah like again it's
Alzheimer's is one of those diseases
were like when it starts like there's
nothing like it just it goes and goes
you can have better days but you can't
slow the progression if you're of the
disease it's really [ __ ] have you
talked to your mom about trying
psychedelics I have I wanted to do LSD
so badly but I don't know have you been
searching for clinical trials
my mom is in one I thought about that
when I was on LSD too and it actually
made me even sadder because my mom is on
a clinical trial for Alzheimer's drugs
and I just remember thinking like oh my
god like what if my mom is in the trial
to get the Alzheimer's drugs and it
turns out like being really positive and
it's curing people but she has the
placebo and that made me even that made
me even more sad and I started thinking
like I've got to find the people that
are giving her the trial I've got to
find the researchers to get her the
actual non placebo drug like yeah holy
[ __ ] this physical exercise slow down
the progression of Alzheimer's nothing
slows down all that means for memes not
feels just wanted to tell everyone in
check I love you and you are a wonderful
person Thanks I would [ __ ] you if I was
gay gachigasm
if the drug starts proven to be
effective they do switch the placebo
years ago oh that's cool
what do you think is scarier Alzheimer's
or late onset schizophrenia I think I
would rather the schizophrenia
I think psychotic breaks what skits or
any kind of psychotic break I think it
like a semi psychotic break is better
than losing your memory because like at
least I can start to learn like mental
tools to try to distinguish between
what's real and what's not real
even though would be very difficult but
Alzheimer's is just your memories just
gone like your actual like [ __ ] is dying
like the hippocampus the thing that like
codifies like I think the hippocampus is
what creates short-term memories it just
it just rots away actually we can look
at these I did a whole bunch of reading
on [ __ ] all
summers Alzheimer's brain scans like you
can see
[Music]
thanks for sharing man your advice is
solid and I hope your butterfly fans
seriously listen thanks bud
to your advice about maintaining
momentum in life like you can see that
they're alike this isn't as exact I
guess is what I'm used to looking but
like they're like specific regions of
the brain that are just [ __ ] I don't
remember most of what I read but I guess
like basically like proteins start to
build up in like some of your and like
some of the vessels in your brain like
blood doesn't get through and then it
just starts like killing everything like
things just start dying and you can't do
anything about it like you just sit
you're like parts of your brain just
start to die off and there's no way that
you can like clear it out or stop it I
don't
prions yeah that was it but people don't
know why you don't remember because you
all yeah oh yeah this is like the
drawing yeah I guess I would be familiar
this because it's from the Wikipedia
article you can see the so your cerebral
cortex I think is responsible for most
of you like higher cognitive thought
like ends up shrinking away and then
here is your hippocampus which is like
you're a memory part that just like
starts dying yeah it's really scary do
people know they have Alzheimer's I
think at some point I think you know
something will happen so my mom said my
mom said that she was having a lot of
weird things where she like she couldn't
remember what spoons were called and she
would pick up a spoon and she just
couldn't remember the name of it and she
thought it was silly but one day she was
out driving because she had to go pick
somebody up or do something and she was
driving and she was stopped at a
stoplight and then all of a sudden
destiny are you gonna do the 23andme DNA
test it can tell you have you altimeters
gene I think Devin did it
maybe um my mom was sitting at a
stoplight and then she had this feeling
where she was like what am I doing here
like she had no idea why she was there
she didn't remember why she'd left the
house she didn't remember what she was
doing or why she was driving and she was
just yeah and she was like oh [ __ ] and
then after she had that moment she went
to the hospital to get a test to figure
out what was going on
how old was my mom I think she's 65 I
think are they're super expensive
treatments wealthy people can get for
Alzheimer's No
you can't once the disease starts
progressing you can't slow it down or
stop owed there are things that you can
do like if you exercise and stuff to
keep your brain healthy you can have
better days but it's it's always
decreasing like you can't stop the
progression at all I'm an only child now
I've got five siblings
is there anything preventive you can do
yeah there's a lot of things that people
say might be preventive but it's still
really hard I don't think from what from
the reading that I did we just we don't
fully understand what causes Alzheimer
is yet I think there are things that are
highly correlated with having
Alzheimer's but I just don't think we
know 100% yeah like some people are
saying keto that like ketogenic diets
might be associated with like like
having a reduction in the number of
people with Alzheimer's or like certain
like exercise related things or brushing
your teeth or whatever like there are
some weird links but um we don't we just
don't know much about like the
underlying mechanisms right now would
you bother doing any potential
preventive measures if you found out you
had the gene um maybe I'm not sure what
about dementia um maybe I mean
Alzheimer's is the most common form of
dementia I don't know if dementia means
anything of it in and of itself like I
think dementia is like a general thing
and then you have like forms of dementia
and I think Alzheimer's is the most
common form of dementia right every
single day at all that's a Snoop Dogg
lair okay I don't have you ever heard of
Huntington's disease but it runs in my
family and I'll need to be tested to see
if I have it at about five to six years
yeah I know all about high intense
disease because I watched house that's
the only thing I know about it Oh
dementia is a symptom of Alzheimer's
okay it's funny how many opinions
destiny has about Alzheimer's despite
not being a doctor I mean if I say
anything wrong you can correct me
instead of being a dick but I mean I
don't think I've said anything incorrect
at this point I mean if I mean if I say
something wrong feel free to if I can
link it I mean you can get symptomatic
relief from Alzheimer's by using a set
of acetylcholine a set of a set of clean
s teres inhibitors I don't know that sir
means yeah you there are things you can
do to like temporarily boost
your functions while having Alzheimer's
but it doesn't actually slower Orissa
disease dementia is just a collection of
symptoms not in a symptom in itself okay
he said Alzheimer's was a prion disease
I don't know if it was it wasn't I just
I know that it's caused by like some
[ __ ] like prions building up or proteins
building or some weird [ __ ] I mean we
can go and read the Wikipedia it's
identified as a protein misfolding
disease caused by plaque accumulation of
abnormally folded amyloid beta protein
and tau protein in the brain plaques are
made up of small peptides 39 to 43 amino
acids in length called amyloid amyloid
beta amyloid beta is a fragment a sub
beta can you say that emilie bit is a
fragment the larger amyloid precursor
protein APB is a transmembrane protein
that penetrates through the neurons
membrane APB is critical to your own
growth survival and post injury repair
and Alzheimer's disease gamma secretase
and beta secretase packed together in a
pro proteomic proteomic process which
causes a PP to be divided into smaller
fragments one of these fragments give
rise to fib rolls of amyloid beta which
then form clumps that deposit outside
neurons and dense formations known as
senile plaques there you go destiny that
hypothesis is on shaky ground because
new drugs that minimize plaques aren't
proving to be effective yeah yeah it
seemed like when I when I was doing
reading into it because I was really
curious if there was anything I could
point my mom to to help it like it was
pretty depressing like biochemist here
you did surprisingly well pronouncing
those terms I try buddy
some of the progress that we've made on
some diseases is [ __ ] unbelievable
that I didn't know until I started
reading into it so like here's something
that you may or may not know I think
I've said this timestream several times
like this is just fascinating because
you never hear about it in the
mainstream the life expectancy I think
for having HIV is about normal now like
if you have HIV I think you live about
as long as a normal person as long as
you take your as long as you take your I
think it's you get like three pills
you're retrovirals or whatever you're
more or less make it about as long as a
normal person I didn't know that
HIV like isn't that big of a deal
anymore it's actually worse for your
life expectancy to have to have diabetes
than it is to have HIV diabetes is tech
cuts 10 years off your life span so
that's something I had no idea so I was
kind of hoping my mom says you at all so
I was like oh [ __ ] well let's read it to
Alzheimer's maybe there's like some
crazy drugs and [ __ ] I could help them
afford it or whatever that you can take
like reverses or slows down Alzheimer's
but all the reading I did was pretty
depressing like dead end is [ __ ] that
like pretty much no progress has been
made and slowing down and reversing
Alzheimer's whatsoever
I am 17 I am really scared that I am not
doing enough to have a stable
relationship with my grandparents quit
hold on Leon see you in one second wait
somebody asked if you can transmit HIV
if you have if you're on the retrovirals
and your HIV count becomes undetectable
in your bloodstream I'm pretty sure you
can't transmit it to other people I
could be wrong on that don't go getting
[ __ ] by your boyfriend in the ass
because you're like all [ __ ] I can't
get it but I'm pretty sure that if
you're on the right antiretrovirals and
the end account has built has fallen low
enough that it's undetectable in your
blood I don't think you can transmit it
to people anymore it's insane it's like
it's pretty insane like I think like if
you do the math it works out that if you
got [ __ ] by a random person you have a
higher chance of contracting HIV from
somebody that's never been tested before
then from somebody that's HIV positive
on those retrovirals like it's because
there's a small chance that they might
have an another man diagnosed like yeah
it's like it's insane
yeah it's crazy and I didn't know any of
this until I read into this like a year
ago I was like what the [ __ ] okay sorry
I'm 17 I'm really scared that I was
doing enough time stay British my
grandparents I know I'll regret it
heavily when they pass I can call and
say I love you I want but the same
feeling Erlanger is that I wasn't a good
grandson I mean just call him and say hi
when you can like [ __ ] the medication is
called prep and you can't contract it if
your partner is on it or if you're on it
so the retro I okay I could be wrong
here prep I think is something different
that's something that you take and I
think while you're taking prep
you can't get HIV so I like on Grindr
there's like an option for this I
noticed it like I think if you're active
in gay communities they recommend that
you take prep because as long as you're
on it I don't think you can contract HIV
but I don't think you give prep to
people that already have HIV I could be
wrong on that with all that it seems
like HIV might be all but eliminated in
a lifetime yeah it's crazy yeah it seems
like it like yeah that HIV is just like
not really that big of a deal or
whatever that was insane to me when I
started reading but I couldn't believe
it was like what the [ __ ] why have I
never heard about any of this why does
nobody talk about this is [ __ ]
amazing but yeah but but then but for
Alzheimer's it seems like oh well if you
have it you're still like pretty much
completely [ __ ] like that suck [ __ ] is
really depressing yeah if you have aids
dementia and diabetes what's your life
expectancy so AIDS is acquired
immunodeficiency syndrome
if HIV is killed enough of your immune
system that you're you are that you have
that you're considered to have AIDS I
think your life expectancy is very very
very [ __ ] low isn't it like less than
a year the problem is that you have the
problem is that you have like there's so
much bacteria that lives in your body
that's like chill and kind of like lives
with you and it's like bro as [ __ ] but
then when your immune system gets [ __ ]
they're like yeah [ __ ] it like you know
give an inch we're gonna take a mile and
then all that bacteria starts to kill
you and I think you can you can like you
can take a [ __ ] you can try to like
flawed a person with antibiotics to like
do some of these infections but like you
bate you die of infections that healthy
people just don't get you're not
supposed to get these types of
infections that kill you and it's just
you you can't yeah your immune system
just so much for your body like all the
time like it's constantly fighting off
like infections and killing things even
cancer it kills I think on a daily basis
right I think your immune system does
but but like when you become like
heavily immunocompromised you're pretty
you're pretty [ __ ] are we going to
have a super virus with antibiotics in
it maybe with staph infections oh [ __ ]
why does aids affect black people more
than any other group so my understanding
of it is that one way that you can
increase the chances of contracting HIV
is if you have sex with somebody and you
have a foreskin your foreskin tears a
lot during sex but they're more like
micro legions it doesn't really matter
legions micro lesions but micro lesions
don't really
matter that much and you get like these
mini tears or whatever but if you're
[ __ ] somebody that is HIV these micro
lesions are gonna make it significantly
more likely that you actually contract
the virus so African countries tend not
to lop off people's foreskins like we do
in Western countries and people there
tend to have a much higher prevalence of
HIV therefore you just kind of have like
and people there are pores [ __ ] could
have nothing more to do than to [ __ ]
each other so you just kind of end up
with like the perfect storm for
transmitting HIV more to people people
have foreskins people are [ __ ] a lot
people have HIV I'm talking about
African Americans I don't think that
African Americans in the US are like all
dying of HIV I still again I think in
the u.s. it's a pretty rare thing
why are you anti-circumcision then
because we don't have enough HIV if you
need to get like circumcision in the
u.s. not like a huge thing people in the
US didn't have foreskins right no people
in the US are overwhelmingly circumcised
although most girls seem pretty chill
I've never met a girl that's been like
you foreskin Simon or whatever it's not
rare at all I've seen so many patients
with HIV I know you would doctor why
would you say something so [ __ ]
stupid cases of HIV a United States I
mean like it's fairly rare 1.1 million
people aged 13 and older had HIV
infections in the United States so
that's I guess one out of 300 that's 13
and older so I don't know how many of
these people are like in pretty advanced
age group still not sure but it's not
like I don't think like HIV isn't like
something that like you're like you're
seriously worried about getting and in
the u.s. like it's a pretty [ __ ] rare
thing and it's also like much more
prevalent in like gay communities too
gay in drug communities as well right
because Reagan created it
compare that with chlamydia or gonorrhea
in the u.s. I think chlamydia and
gonorrhea rates are about two to four
percent I mean seeing it more in
hospitals makes sense as people go to
the doctor when they're sick yeah I know
but I just I don't know why doctor would
say that it's a really stupid statement
right like do you think a lot of people
have cancer dude almost everybody has
cancer [ __ ] dude I see hundreds of
people with cancer every week it's like
holy [ __ ] man what do you do I'm an
oncologist oh okay
I don't understand why it's still
primarily in the gay community surely
attend em some to spread to the general
population I think the chance of
contracting aids through vaginal sex our
HIV is pretty low isn't it was like 1 in
50 or 1 unprotected sex with an
hiv-positive person whose acute HIV
infection kakera transmission or up to
2% for receptive vaginal sex and 20% for
receptive anal sex it's much much much
higher for ass [ __ ] than it is for
vaginal sex so like gay people have a
higher chance of transmitting it because
of that yeah also your rectum isn't
meant for dick so it's harder to if you
get [ __ ] a lot you've more micro-tears
more chances or transmission would you
commit suicide before late-stage
Alzheimer's I think if you had somebody
next to you that you loved and you woke
up with every day I think I'd be ok
it'd be really hard for them though so I
don't know do you think gay men should
be allowed to donate blood yeah sure why
not they test it all blood his blood
suicide would be so much better than
late-stage advanced Alzheimer risk you
say that now but you wouldn't know that
why you were experiencing it right
that's the whole point
oh yeah I'm sorry you guys enchantment I
know this but for a long time gay people
were banned from giving blood no matter
what even though they even though they
tested for HIV gay people were just
plain banned from donating blood they
still are um I thought they made it
legal in California am I crazy
genital herpes prevention I think the
only okay oh you should do your own
research I think the research should I
came up with was the only time you can
actually contract herpes from another
person is when the virus is shedding so
when they have sores however it's
possible that people can have
asymptomatic asymptomatic sheddings of
the virus
meaning that somebody with herpes it
could come up and you are shedding the
virus but you don't actually have any
sores so they could be infectious
without you being able to see it but I
think that happens like once a year I
don't think it's very common when a
person is shedding but yeah but I think
that's generally what I came out on
there's herpes simplex a which most
people have and it's just the cause of
those tiny cultures every now and then
those simplex B which causes grotesque
mutations on the gentle space
I could be wrong but my understanding is
it's not a and B there's hsv-1 and hsv-2
it just be one tends to be on the face
HSB two tends to be in the genitals but
either one can go to either place if you
get cold sores if you have HSV one up
here you can give that to somebody
generally firstly secondly neither it
neither
herpes is that bad I don't think it is I
mean there's a huge stigma around it but
I don't think it's that bad
Bandon Muslim is okay how much are you
willing to put into courting a girl
what's the cutoff limit I mean it really
depends on what the girl is offering but
because of like my position streaming
and [ __ ] on like tinder and [ __ ] is real
low effort for me if I'm getting
one-word responses back [ __ ] that [ __ ]
but that's because like I've like access
to other people because of my job right
I don't know if I would use tinder for
more than like a bi I feel like trying
to [ __ ] people you work with or go to
school with is so much better yeah but I
work with sweaty ass nerds pray Aliya
are you a girl that works in stem
destiny ever hear the phrase don't [ __ ]
where you eat
people say that [ __ ] all the time
but everybody I'm a guy that works I
think oh well your double [ __ ] then
everybody [ __ ] around at workplaces
like everybody says it but everybody
like there's just no way if you're
sexually attracted to women and you work
with women you see a woman every single
day you go through the same same
struggles the same pains you share
experiences on a daily basis you're
gonna like shits gonna happen
it just has to like when you put people
together like that and you are working
together all the time and you talk to
each other and everybody is friends
outside of work and they hang out
together like it's gonna happen it
always does if you value sex and
outperforming other partners why don't
you prioritize working out and
flexibility to increase your ability
during sex I don't think being more
flexible makes you do anything cooler
during sex getting stronger helps when
I'm like actually in shape and like dead
lifting and [ __ ] like you can like hold
a girl against a wall and [ __ ] her or
whatever but I mean like I don't think
that there's like I don't think that
much crazy [ __ ] gets unlocked at like
new levels of fitness unless you want to
like [ __ ] hold a girl up in the air
and like [ __ ] I don't know do some
crap like hang in general like I don't
know I mean like this is kind of like me
me [ __ ]
I thought I mean I don't know I guess
it's possible but I think I could talked
about taking creatine help with lifting
I haven't been recently I did do
creatine when I when I was lifting the
last time I was lifting seriously before
hurt my back a long time ago
[Music]
creatine the only thing creatine helped
me with was like I felt like so my plans
were always three by five like sometimes
when you increase the weight you could
tell that you were gonna be doing like
five reps five reps and then maybe like
three or four reps like on the last set
like that was like but it felt like if I
did creatine I could always hammer out
those last two reps that was like the
only thing that like I don't know if
like that's what it's only supposed to
but that that's usually what it helped
me feel like creatine always made it so
that I could finish like all of my reps
at the end like it gave me like that
like if I could have only been four reps
but I was like on my I was like had all
my [ __ ] creatine [ __ ] in line then
like I'm doing like I'm doing that last
rep on that last set like I don't know
that's what I felt like but I don't know
if it was like actually necessary or not
what's creatine um I think if you're
lifting seriously probably every single
person should be on creatine the the I
don't know if this is the bro
explanation or not but supposedly it
helps store like water or something
closer to the muscles so it makes you
look like a little bit bigger kind of
and then it like it just it makes a
little bit more energy available to you
like when you're like getting into that
part of your workout where you're
starting to get like a little bit tired
I guess
but um creatine is like one of the most
tested substances of like all [ __ ]
time like and there's still rumors
around it people say that like people
yeah like I'm seeing the baldness memes
posted in chat
I don't think creatine causes baldness
like people say that but I don't think
it's ever been like proven but um it's a
creatine is like the most [ __ ] tested
substance like workout substance like
like a all [ __ ] time I don't know
you'll probably get dehydrated easier oh
maybe if you're ever having trouble
here's a meme that I didn't realize
until way too late
the only there's only one acceptable way
to take creatine okay there's only one
acceptable way to take creatine okay
glass of water you take your [ __ ]
steeped your TSP or whatever in you take
the scoop out
in your mouth drink the water and be
[ __ ] done with it mixing that [ __ ]
into [ __ ] into like a liquid is so
[ __ ] disgusting it tastes like you're
drinking something and there's like sand
accumulating around your teeth
oh my god people that mix mixing
creatine the powder [ __ ] with anything
is so [ __ ] nasty holy [ __ ] are there
pills
oh I don't know there are like creatine
pills or whatever but oh my god dude I
used to try to mix
creatine with like my protein things and
it tasted like I was I just had like a
bunch of sand that was in my [ __ ] oh
do you still go to the gym consistently
I just started again
I took a month break that when I went to
Sweden dude trips kill me but I was
going everyday with Melina well not
every day but every other day do you
think the morality of killing minecraft
cows can be attached to morality of
killing real-life cows yes plant how
much creatine you're putting your
protein I think they tell you when
you're just starting aren't you supposed
to super load like you do like 20
milligrams there's a 20 milligrams or 20
grams for your first one and then you do
like 5 per day afterwards or whatever to
like build up the levels in your body
its grams yeah so you do like 20 on like
the first day you get 20 kilograms you
load like 20 on the first day to like
build your levels up or maybe for a few
days
maybe he's I don't know and then after
that you do like 5 a day or something
what's your highest bench of all time
really [ __ ] low I think I could 1 rep
max 135 when I was I get my strongest
when I was I weighed like 165 so it's
not good my upper body has always been
way weaker than my lower body and my
lower body's not even that strong anyway
I think the highest I got my deadlift
here was I could rep 205 times
[ __ ] that [ __ ] okay we lift with our
brain on Wikipedia boys
that's not bad my bench isn't great 135
well that's not for like months of
training my upper body is like really
really really weak like naturally very
weak when I started benching when I
started working out like five years ago
or whatever and then I haven't home
always like on and off I think I started
with like I think 65 was like the most I
could bench reliably I'm like doing like
a full [ __ ] workout no well now that
I'm back from Sweden I was doing I was
listening in with Melina when we were
before we left and I was getting my list
up again but now that I'm back
I'm I don't know I don't want to I hate
squatting so much dude I actually
[ __ ] hate it which is bad but Oh God
but I love deadlifting but now what I do
hair is the ultimate [ __ ] oh you're
dead here is the [ __ ]
here is my [ __ ] lifting plan before
how many pushups could I do I think I
got up to like 30 push-ups I started
doing push-ups um I think I started
doing push-ups before I went back to the
gym I was like [ __ ] it I'm just gonna
[ __ ] do some [ __ ] so I think I could
do like 30 push-ups which was okay for
me I've never gone to that whatever
before but um oh the sugar workout I'm
doing now until twitchcon is every other
day in one set yeah just in one set I
don't know how many multiple cells I
could do we every other day we go to the
gym and we do bench press I think I'm
trying to do 3 by 12 I'm just going for
maximum hypertrophy [ __ ] all that
strength [ __ ] baby
[ __ ] that endurance [ __ ] baby we're
maximum hypertrophy okay we load 80
pounds on that bar 12 [ __ ] reps three
times and then we do [ __ ] pull-ups
alright I want to get some I want to
grow them arms get them back and boobs
up and that's all I'm gonna do for two
months until twitchcon that's the
[ __ ] dream [ __ ] out
[ __ ] the deadlifts [ __ ] the squats I
don't care about that [ __ ] that's all
I'm doing right now okay how many
pull-ups can you do I don't think I've
ever been able to do a single pull-up in
my wife at my max I think right now I
could probably do like 3 or 4 chin-ups
and then I think at my best I could do
about 10 chin-ups in a row but pull-ups
are so much harder [ __ ] that [ __ ]
but I'm doing pull-ups now that's what
I'm training so [ __ ] all that noise dude
if for hypertrophy want to do curls and
[ __ ] cuz I want to do 20 different times
of [ __ ] 20 different types of [ __ ]
lifts alright I just go in we load that
bar to 50% of our max we do 3 by 12 ok
cuz lots of reps 2 minutes between sets
and then we do 3 by 12 on the negative
pole up machine I think I might like
negative 46 pounds right now
and then that's it do planks it'll help
with pull-ups [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] off dude no
well what about squats do you hate so
much um I'm pretty like I have like
really good like ankle and hip
flexibility so like when I squat I feel
like I should squat like a stew grass
but it's so hard and it's like it's a
mentally hard lift for me like I think
before I went to Sweden I got my squats
back up to 115 so I could do 115 for 5
reps 3 sets which is that's hard for me
ok it's mentally hard for me alright but
my dead list I got back up to 190 so
like but and it feels so much better
dude [ __ ] I don't know
I'd love deadlift ease so much more it
feels so much better and squatting is
just yeah I don't know I feel like my
deadlift grows so much quicker than my
other than within my other lifts and
[ __ ] it I feel like if I like if I
actually went like pretty often I feel
like I could build up to like a like a
good like 275 or 280 deadlift like I
feel like I could get there like on
beginner big games like pretty easily
how's your deadlift form um I think it's
pretty good I usually have Molina
watching me shouting at me if I [ __ ] up
or not that seems normal
you should be a bit stronger on deadlift
yeah you should be but I would imagine I
like a 185 deadlift I should be
squatting at least 135 probably I don't
know my squad is really weak Mac well
all my lists I really wait but
proportion on my deadlift my squad is
really bad is it possible to get upwards
of 6 percent in a savings account
naughty I don't think so even money
market deposit accounts are gonna pay 6%
that's really high do you do low bar
high bar squat um
I think it's high bar I think the bar
goes back on my it's it's you have
there's like a little shelf that your
shoulder makes I don't know like sits
there I don't whatever the [ __ ] that is
I think I think that's high bar when
your delts and traps maybe yeah
something up there
what is low bar I think low bar is way
farther down on the back but I don't
think I don't know if like is it does it
make sense to do does it make sense to
do low bar and and deadlift almost hit
like a lot of the same
I don't know there's a mean contest
going to extend through the night yeah
I'll make him stop at the same time and
then start at the same time tomorrow do
you pull sumo or traditional I just your
traditional I don't know what any meme
deadlift [ __ ] is I think a feet square
up under the bar like this pointing
straight forward and then you reach down
once I get past like once I think once I
got past like 165 I have to do like the
alt hand grip whatever but it's all good
amen brother but not anymore now we're
just doing bench presses and [ __ ]
pull-ups until twitchcon that's all
we're [ __ ] doing
try to get try to grow them arms okay
that's the dream just a little bit hands
between the legs equals traditional
hands outside the legs equals sumo wait
what wait hands inside the legs that
sounds so weird my hands are always
outside my legs so whatever that is
that's what I do hands inside are semi
oh yeah [ __ ] that [ __ ]
are you going to have sex with Kay Tory
no implying I haven't already several
times do girls like abs arms pecs or
calves the most girls don't like have is
that some dumb [ __ ] I don't know who
though I've never heard that before I
think girls mean that but I only give a
[ __ ] a girl is actually like all types
of bodies I'm on ironically had people
that are like oh I like you supported to
cuddle with you I like your belly or
whatever I got ironically girls say some
dumb [ __ ] like that I think I believe
him
in terms of like what girls in terms of
like if you're gonna work out to look
good for girls I think the most common
things that I hear girls liking are one
is like a nice back is really sexy
strong forearms so like veiny forearms
or like strong forearms are really hot
and then like arms can be really hot I
think that's generally the things that I
hear the most
and then sometimes like power lifters
will mean and girls will lie on the
Internet's like oh I really like it when
guys have nice legs like Oh sexy quads
like don't skip leg day bro like a
girl's not gonna [ __ ] cuddle with
your legs when you're a [ __ ] guy [ __ ]
out of here with that [ __ ] girls like
ABS a lot too I don't know if that's
true I've never heard girls talk about
that I think it's usually things like
arms or like shoulders are like back
or like for arms because I don't think
you interact with the guys abs a lot
like as a girl but like if you're
cuddling with somebody like you might
like hold or hug their arm or something
or that's like what you feel around you
that's generally what you're at least
it's generally what I hear but oh yeah a
chest - sure why not ask - girls you
have competing I'm just telling you the
general [ __ ] that I I'm never gonna ask
like one girl to figure out like because
both of these guys in chat could have
some crazy [ __ ] I'm done really like
oh actually I really like guys with good
hams cuz then I know that they're
getting the full range of motion on
their [ __ ] squat workout and that's
real important to me I want functional
like I don't know they're gonna say some
real dumb [ __ ] or some crazy [ __ ]
[ __ ] I'm not gonna risk that [ __ ]
that [ __ ]
[ __ ] women amen brother not in the good
way they're just [ __ ] them girls like a
nice butt as well yeah for sure also
girls most of like hi viewer counts true
I need some new [ __ ] to do in bed help
me out man [ __ ] is getting stale what
is the newest craziest [ __ ] you can do
hold on is it time are we at time for
the daily sex talks
nice job dude it feels just like a girl
streamer the number one okay here is the
number one easiest cool meme you can do
that um that will be really amazing if
you've ever done it before and it's
super easy okay girl lay on her back get
both your pillows and put both the
pillows underneath her butt and [ __ ]
super easy will be a totally new
sensation she'll love it
that's one like super easy meme here is
something I should charge you guys for
this [ __ ] here is something that is like
insanely effective okay I have never met
anybody that this wasn't crazy effective
on okay so if you have like a person's
ear like the pretty standard thing is to
like I guess standard if you like play
play with people's ears is to like
nibble unlike the ear lobe here like
people like Pig will typically really
like this if you don't if you've never
done this before do that okay people
like that okay but the bonus super
secret like killer move is um
this there's a thing that comes out of
the ear right here that like if like
their inner ear is like here whatever
there's this part that comes out this
thing is super super sensitive holy [ __ ]
whatever oh the trag as' whatever this
is is insanely [ __ ] sensitive holy
[ __ ] this is a good is a good killer
move but like just be like aware of what
you're doing don't be like drooling and
like filling their brain up with like
your [ __ ] saliva if you're doing [ __ ]
like that but this is um yeah that's oh
there's a secret powerful good meme how
do you get big forearms forearms come
from grip right I think the muscles in
your forearm are what you used to grip
things so anything that trains your grip
you could buy one of those things that
you squeeze at your desk but like
hanging probably helps like negatives
like just hanging on a bar doing
deadlifts doing weighted pull-ups like
stuff like that is gonna get you like
probably bigger forearms I think
forearms are I could be wrong there I
okay this I'm getting this is I'm
getting super into bro science this is
really bro science ooh so I might be
wrong with this okay I think that
forearms there are certain muscles in
the body that respond really well to
strength training and then there are
certain muscles in the body that I think
respond really well to high volume
training I the two muscles that I hear
respond the best to lots of [ __ ]
volume are your calves and your forearms
I don't know if that's true or not but I
like I've heard people say the meme that
like this is why fat people when they
lose weight always have like big calves
is because they're like moving with
their [ __ ] fat-ass body all the time
and so like calves are like one of those
muscles that respond to like really high
volume training and then I've heard the
same with forearms at like just doing a
lot of deadlifts as we got to get you
forearms but if you do like hanging
negative pull-ups for a long [ __ ]
time or if you have like those grip
things you were gonna time it stuff like
that like hell I don't know if that's
actually true enough but I hear that I
hear that a lot here is like I don't
like to tell other people I never tell
anybody at the gym how to do anything
especially because I'm weak as [ __ ] here
is one thing that I noticed that a lot
of people do here's this is like a
totally random
have to take any lifting advise to me
and maybe you shouldn't Molina did this
too and actually triggers he ever living
[ __ ] out I mean I see a lot of people do
this I don't know why
anytime you're benching or doing
anything with your hands guys your wrist
needs to go underneath the [ __ ] wait
I notice it it's like super common even
people I'll see people dead lifting like
Tara people will be benching like two
plates and they'll do this thing where
their hand is around the bar and then
their wrist is here and they're doing
this [ __ ]
what don't [ __ ] do this what the [ __ ]
hold your [ __ ] [ __ ] properly what the
[ __ ] you have muscles in your [ __ ]
arms use them okay
god damn yeah it looks painful as [ __ ]
to look at people do this [ __ ] I can't
believe it what the [ __ ] but I mean
these guys are lifting away that's so
heavy I couldn't even [ __ ] spot him
so that's called suicide grip no no no
suicide grip is when you because for
some people it's uncomfortable to have
their thumbs wrapped around the bar
sometimes they just bring their thumbs
back so they don't have it wrapped
around the bar
that's called suicide grip but for other
people because they don't want to train
their wrists or because they've gotten
used to pushing a lot of weight without
training their wrists they can't
actually support the rate above here
they can't support the weight above
they're above their actual arm so they
get used to letting it hang kind of I
mean it works like it's like but I mean
like five like why would you want to be
like I have wrists that [ __ ] weak
[ __ ] that [ __ ]
suicide grip is without thumbs [ __ ] that
suicide grip I think we've actually
watched somebody downstream before doing
that I think lifting three plate or
maybe more yeah but you can kill
yourself pretty easily suicide gripping
oh and think we watched one dude that
was doing a power lift and he he dropped
the weight on his chest and the guy
picked it up real quick but um but he
died pretty shortly after yeah
[Music]
okay
I don't do explosive exercises because
[ __ ] that [ __ ] okay but my understanding
was that for
for like power cleans that this is okay
is that not true
I don't actually know but I thought for
power cleans you're not like that it's
okay to hold it like that cuz you're not
like you're not pushing the weight
you're just like resting it like once
you have it in this position you're just
holding it and then dropping it and then
redoing it you're not you don't need to
support it under your wrists like you're
about to like push it or press it also
three so this is uh this is 315 pounds
this is an insane power clean these
explosive movements so like what your
athletic Li moving something rather than
just like slowly like kind of pushing it
up or down
this is so insane this is so much wait
for somebody to do holy [ __ ] I wonder if
we could find like a strength standards
if we say Tyler one weighs 190 he's like
at the like elite lifting level for this
I think somebody tell me you weighed 185
but this is like this power clean is so
good holy [ __ ] it's so it's so good oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
this chart actually usually these these
standards are actually even these are
usually for your one rep max I think
he's doing eight reps of this [ __ ] what
is the math to get from your eight rep
max to your one rep max at eight reps
you're probably doing 75% max right I
don't probably closer to 65% of what you
can do so if he's doing 315 times
no.not times it would be 315 divided by
we'll say 75% so his 1 rep max he might
be able to power clean maybe for a 1 rep
max maybe 4 plates they are not forty
fives
wait you don't think these are that you
don't think he was using 45 pound plates
I'm pretty sure you way he said it on
streamer I don't think I would lie about
that
they look like fifty fives it wasn't a
set it was a 1 rep max weight what I'm
pretty sure he does 8 reps hearing ok if
these are if these are bumpers these are
like the thickest like 10-pound bumpers
I've ever seen my life and these have to
be like 45 I mean I guess technically
all bumpers are the same size right now
this is definitely a 1 rep max he's just
repeating it 8 times you're not actually
doing 8 reps dude you're just doing 8
sets of one rat without any rest in
between it's actually way different dog
and it's actually not 315 it's actually
only like 270 because you don't really
count the bar that's why I think there's
a body building thread on that where
they argue do you count the bar [ __ ] all
right there's so many dumb [ __ ]
things you could said trigger people I
have actually like I could bench two
plates I'm like wow
225 no 135 wait why would you say what
you mean to plate that's one plate no
how could you bench one plate it would
be the bar would be so uneven you have
to put at least two on it right have you
seen the bodybuilding fed with that guy
tries to fit eight days into a week of
lifting his math dude checks out check
the calendar he does he does it for a
whole month that guy is amazing that's a
legendary thread that's probably one of
my favorite threads of all time that
goes on for a whole like six pages of
arguing at every page like delivers more
than the last weight didn't you say you
didn't count the bar or was that a meme
entourage yeah I actually shouldn't have
done that cuz apparently most people
think I'm actually completely [ __ ]
stupid it's a meme yeah I argue that on
Raj you don't count the bar when you're
lifting but yeah of course you do but
like I like some people will me Park you
that you're not supposed to count the
bar when you're lifting but I don't
think anybody got that so
just looked like a [ __ ] maja thanks
but yeah whatever
alright I like guys rip Rihanna
cappuccino popper Tina hopper channel my
channel cappuccino machine an
opportunist oh you do to Reno's tomorrow
piece on nothing you do can ever fake
genuine interest okay there is no tip or
trick for that if you're trying to fake
genuine interest to somebody it'll never
[ __ ] work don't do that right but
