[ __ ] chain him up in a basement and
I'm four feet I'm drugged and say Albert
get your [ __ ] violin out you [ __ ]
piece of [ __ ] the visuals man I'm sorry
guys I talked so much about the mushroom
trip I'm not really gonna have anything
to say about the LSD one I'm so sorry it
was honestly like I mean about it
earlier but it was like all vibes like
that's literally what it was it was just
like a feeling and then like the feeling
is like what you have and then like
that's it super super super emotional
holy [ __ ] coming down especially like
things could either be like very very
very very very funny or very very very
very very sad or make you really happy
and I have sex on LSD know I maybe we'll
try next time it's fun to like touch
people weren't touch milena but like it
not like sexually I guess it just feels
nice to touch somebody else I see what
it's like destiny really to come down
for me felt like I hadn't slept in days
it's like we were just talking about
this it's like very like mentally
exhausting like Jesus
yeah I feel like what it's now though
it's like really I'm actually one of the
things is so I'm so glad I'm so glad I
did the dose of mushrooms that I did
because I don't know I would like to
think I would but I can only I can only
guess I don't know if I would have ever
had like the courage to like do like a
crazy dose of psychedelics knowing now
what it's like to do a little bit
because like taking a little bit of LSD
I totally got those parentheses where I
could see like this is the area where I
could like push I can go to crazy [ __ ]
but on this on LSD I don't want to say
on LSD like well this is what it was
like for me on mushrooms is it because
on mushrooms I'd have way too many but
like on this trip I guys like I felt
like very much in control of like
everything like if I wanted it like when
I was on the couch I could like
recognize I also read so much about this
dude I approach this trip so much more
responsibly than I did my last one I
think I like over prepare like a
[ __ ] for this like mentally this
was so much easier than mushrooms oh my
god people keep asking if I ate I really
didn't feel like hungry at all like I
still don't I feel like I'm gonna be
really hungry in a couple hours like
Oreos are like really fun to eat and
like chips
yeah we need fruits don't tell max oh
god did you hallucinate on LSD how to
describe the hallucinations they weren't
like full-on but like lights man or like
it was actually funny like this trip
it's it felt like if I could take the
first 30 minutes of my mushroom trip
before like the other seven grams kicked
in and just like the feeling of like the
lights and everything that was like
extended that was like this whole trip
so like I feel like um like I don't [ __ ]
man I don't even explain it the biggest
thing I get on like LSD or no the big
thing I get like at psychedelics maybe
is it like things getting like really
bright like colors oh [ __ ] I wish I
could explain it okay this is what it
would feel like okay it would feel like
okay well I'm sober right now if I got
really high this collar would get like
orange or bright and I would know it's
fake and lol is so dumb but like when
you actually experience it like not only
is this collar getting like really
bright but it's like affecting
everything
you see like in an impossible way like
it must be real right I knew it wasn't
real but like it felt everything feels
so real cuz all the colors and like
looking at like white lights and [ __ ] I
can still almost barely sort of see it
but not really because I'm not as high
anymore like even in like white lights
it's like super intense [ __ ] like
rainbow colors on everything like every
like staring into a white light is like
crazy rainbow colors oh I imagine LEDs
are probably like that right they're
like the RGB RGB ryb I don't remember
the the the LG LGBT uh LEDs in the
lighting or whatever it's 150 micrograms
of good dose um I read everything for a
beginners dose I think the most commonly
recommended was 100 and I've read
anywhere from 50 to 100 ish and then
some of you dumb [ __ ] in chat were
saying to just do four tabs but um Janna
I wanted I'm still I'm still like a
little worried I don't wanna like try
something and then it's like nothing so
I was like I was worried like if I did a
hundred it wouldn't be whatever but if I
did like 150 of you know I think I think
150 was like a really good I think 150
was a really good does for me when
things breathe is the best
oh yeah the floors and what now we're
definitely the weird thing isn't like I
guess like in some ways it's kind of
hard to explain in some ways it feels
like I didn't take enough but I'm
probably grateful for that
because like if I stare at like one
thing like if I would look at like
Molina's face stuff which definitely saw
yeah and like the height of the like
when I was the most high there were
parts were like look at your face and I
felt like half of it was like melting I
remember I told you that yeah yeah but
like if I like really looked and I was
like oh wait then I was like no no this
is dumb so I don't think I took quite
enough where that was like overpowering
like I could look at myself in the
mirror and I wasn't freaking out but
like if I just like stare at something
long enough and I just like chill then
everything around it will like change
like in like crazy different ways
hey stay with [ __ ] pictures is so
good as Molina tried it and yes she did
50
did you see flowing of textures like
wood grain maybe how is music an LLC
um listen gonna stuff was okay I could
vibes it playing music as I can say and
oh [ __ ] I need somebody to play with
next time I have to find somebody to
play music with oh man it's like another
dimension it's really really it's
intense it's a really extreme it's kind
it's not possible to explain but like
wow it's like a lot there's like a lot
going on like oh my god I recall you
said you didn't you don't want to have
sex on drinks right like don't like I
personally don't or don't like I'm not
going to uh I had a 75 milligram a de
belen accident because I don't
understand the dose here was the worst
experience of my life
Oh 75 milligrams cannabis edible that's
an insane amount to not know what you're
doing to go into that I'm so sorry
oh man oh my god that's like in that's
like an insane that's insane
listen some dumb [ __ ] in my chat are
gonna be like oh like dude that's
nothing 75 grand if you don't know the
[ __ ] you're doing for like an edible
that's an insane [ __ ] thing to just
walk into holy [ __ ] Jesus
what's the next drug to try um Jesus
seven stop linking ante I threw up and I
thought I was dead and in purgatory my
friend told me I would be fine and then
I looked it up after eating and it was
like walking like oh yeah dude I'm so
sorry for you on an i fee the thing that
sucks too is that for like I feel like
when you smoke cannabis it's like you're
done in an hour but one inedible you're
like you're strapped in for like four
and you're there no matter what unless
you Pappas Annie or something I guess
you're like [ __ ] stuck there how much
control did you have on what you say on
the trip do you have a filter or is it
like a truth serum I don't think there I
I don't think I've done a drug yet
that's like a truth serum just stuff
that like makes you like a little bit
more honest with yourself or maybe
lowers your inhibitions more or like on
LSD I would say I'm Way more prone to
like emotional swings holy [ __ ]
I called my my mom to meet Neil I got a
name of my mind I call my mom and I said
crying so much oh my god it was like the
most I've cried and I think like the
past like 20 years oh [ __ ] try MDMA
that's a sort of truth serum I don't I
mean he may just makes you love
everybody I don't know if it's like a
truth serum right like yeah oh are you
gonna have another intervention from
what try em can't what it's ham cat was
there anything spiritual at all I don't
think I'll have anything spiritual my
trips I just I think I'm that kind of
person I totally see how people could
though 100% I can respect it you need to
try ayahuasca awasa that's like after
I've done DMT that's like I feel like
I'm on like a five to 10-year path right
now where it would be really awesome if
I could like destroy myself again with
like either LSD or mushrooms and then
come back out and like feel like okay
that would be interesting destiny it's a
designer drug wait what is Om Kat is a
designer drug what's the one that you
said you really liked like it's like for
aww for a wha do you know I'm talking
about you said you really like it's like
for aqua Oh for for this one
yeah for ahkamat uh-huh I'm gonna be
depressed for next five days
supposedly that only happens to the MDMA
I don't think it necessarily has to you
if I wanted to destroy you again try
ayahuasca after damned yeah we'll say
that's like way off the question is
after having done psychedelics do you
see how people can believe there is a
universal consciousness or something
similar outside of ourselves yeah but I
don't believe any of that [ __ ] [ __ ] that
[ __ ]
I'm never probably doing meth you said
you were agnostic on child pee um I
think Gnostic or agnostic has to do with
whether or not you believe that you can
assert to have knowledge over the
supernatural so I would say like I'm
agnostic I don't believe you can have
knowledge of the supernatural I don't
I'm an atheist right that's a statement
of your belief in God I don't believe in
God so I'm adding I mean agnostic
atheist so agnostic meaning don't
believe I can have information about
other godly things and then atheists who
don't believe in God that's what makes
me agnostic I've got a country oh thanks
super yeah are you going to face any
repercussions from calling your mom oh
no she's no no do you think you would do
the whole ayahuasca ceremony [ __ ]
what you shouldn't vomit all day I think
anytime you do ayahuasca there's like a
big like body purge to like really do
that if you go out with like a [ __ ]
shaman or some [ __ ] it's like a big like
body purge isn't it any interest in
pleasure drugs I don't know did my mom
too I was in else tea yeah it's all day
I had to I was like so out of it she
must have known I told her anyway
how much mental preparing did it take
for you to get over the this could
mentally kill me oh I smell like the
last like 2 weeks thinking about this
like almost every moment of my life
I think milena could tell it's pretty
much like 100% of my thoughts worth like
thinking about this trip over the past
like week or two I almost didn't do it
today - she consider candy flipping oh
yeah what's candy flipping I feel like
um I feel like I would want to like
explore these so much more before mixing
them that's not so powerful like mixing
that stuff I feel like I would want to
do them yeah I feel like I would want to
like try it separately just so I could
have like a better understanding how
would you rate the experience on a one
to ten scale like LSD in general I guess
like a seven or eight it seems like a
lot of fun like my personal experience I
don't know like a nine I mean I mean
like I'm like like in like a dream life
right now so I don't know if like
everybody would necessarily have like
the same type of experience have you
ever mixed anything no whenever it's too
scary for me right now
this [ __ ] tried to do the meme oops
he tried to do that this isn't it is
that this isn't it chief is that what he
tried to do oh no he wasn't cuz he
would've said this ain't never mind I
called you out I'm sorry my dude
personally I prefer organic substances
but LSD tends to be way less extreme
organic just means mushrooms right are
there other psychedelics ayahuasca
mushrooms what else mescaline cacti
how long did it last I mean I'm still I
think I'm still high it is something so
and it's been like maybe 10 hours I'd
argue that these are all organic yeah I
don't know if that matters if it's
organic or not I shouldn't talk keep in
mind I like everything I say I don't I'm
not I don't have a lot of experience of
psychedelics is eluding in my second
it's like this is my first LSD trip I
don't know if my marijuana trips come in
a second that like or not now I think
Bella gave you bad associations with a
weed no I think that like it's like so
weird it's like I went from like having
like um like marijuana was like weed lul
and then I like psychedelics must be
super [ __ ] and now I have like much
bigger respect for psychedelics but I
think a lot of people don't have respect
for cannabis too it can be pretty
extreme depending on what you smoke or
especially if you eat stuff I think
cannabis can be really extreme yeah I
think a lot of people don't respect oh
my god marijuana today is much crazier
than when I was a kid holy [ __ ] it's
insane
Organic doesn't matter there are several
psilocybin and LSD pro drugs with
equivalent effects to the real thing
sure I guess I think LSD and mushrooms
but there's like a name it's like the
five what is that [ __ ] I remember it
what is the receptor that like all of it
it's like the one that like helps like
your serotonin reuptake [ __ ] it's not
HRT that's hormone replacement therapy
is it 5-htt way this one oh and I think
both sillas [ __ ] I should remember this
psilocybin so psilocybin I don't think
your body can do anything with that
that's a pro drug your body takes till
assignment and it turns it into Cilan I
think and that's what works is the
antagonist to those receptors like you
ingest psilocybin your body turns it
into silen is it silent is it Silla
silent
or still erson or something some weird
thing that nobody ever says and then
that's what like [ __ ] with your head
like hardcore and I think that's what
like that's what floods these little
receptors that are normally like
associated with like your serotonin I
think right like antidepressants I think
act on these a little bit as well I
wonder why antidepressants don't make
you feel this way
it's apartheid Scott I don't even know
how I looked into that all like some
kind can see are you able to get an
erection and finish on LSD I don't know
I didn't try it on
take 5-htp after MDMA tourists are
serotonin irregularity
I've heard that what's like playing
music I can't explain it
I can't I'm sorry there's like no way to
explain it it's insane
Alice T gave me the sweats oh yeah and
there's a hard core for me one of the
biggest compliments I normally get from
girls is that my hands aren't very
clamming I'm usually like a very cool
like if I hold hands with you or if I
touch you I'm usually like just kind of
warm
not very clammy on LSD I'm super clammy
yeah I'm so like not yes sweaty maybe
even Hermione just been really hot I
didn't realize that I'm not sure yeah
I'm super clam I don't know why you
should be careful with sex and LCI
friends who said it ruined sex while not
high for them I don't know if that would
be possible maybe they'd be good for me
I'll steam messes with your ability to
regulate body temperature so clicking
wait did I just click enough c4 right
there no I'm not that high [ __ ] off did
you have a synthetic feeling compared to
mushrooms I don't know what that sounds
like something you would have to like
I could be wrong oh man hmm I'm not
gonna say anything oh I don't know if
you could ever feel like a synthetic
feeling it sounds like you would have to
prime yourself a lot to believe that I
could be wrong
have you ever do you feel like um okay
so you know like the natural drugs like
is MDMA is not a natural drug right like
mushrooms or cannabis right do you feel
like there's a difference between like
the natural ones versus like you know
what synthetic means like you
manufactured are fake do you feel like
there's like a difference or do you
think every drug is just different yeah
I think it's just like a feeling I don't
think I don't think you could know like
I don't think your body like knows if
like because again even for like the
even for like the mushroom it's like
that when you take it when you eat it
your body like takes the stuff and it
digests it and then it creates like the
drug that [ __ ] with your head like
that's made in your body the same thing
with a lot of other things as well like
work is Pro drugs right I think I think
um somebody can tell me if I'm gonna
explain this wrong but I think like a
pro drug is um if your body takes
something into it and then it digests
that and then part of what it spits out
is something that then has an impact on
your body that's considered a pro drug
like it's like the thing that comes
first and then it interacts with your
body and that generates like some sort
of substance that your body like
interacts with right it's like a pro
drug right yeah products get metabolized
into the actual active compound yeah
like that yeah was it easy to control
such went over your thoughts oh yeah
100% not saying that people shouldn't
try alternative methods like
psychedelics about SSRIs are benefitted
a lot of people yeah
I kind of wonder if like I kind of
wonder if like everybody like that has
like depression like if people like have
that in our on SSRIs does taking I don't
know if taking like LSD or like
psilocybin like interacts with those
SSRIs or actually I wonder if taking an
SSRI would build your tolerance towards
like mushrooms or LSD not sure oh my god
mushrooms don't even lower doses are
harder to control maybe yeah I don't
know yeah Luna oh yeah oh I thought you
meant for a next trip but yeah you do
cats too you know you're gonna vibe to
this next trip SSRI dill psychedelics a
lot yeah so with psychedelics you can
build you can build cross tolerances so
like if you do like for instance if you
do a lot of mushrooms and then the next
day you do like LSD like the LSD won't
affect you that much or if you do like a
[ __ ] ton of ellstein on the next you do
mushrooms the mushrooms on it because
they act on the same receptor right that
whatever [ __ ] so I don't know if doing
like SSRIs would [ __ ] you I feel so bad
for people and SSRIs holy [ __ ]
[Music]
why do you feel bad oh it's just really
sad people on it's like having to it's
really dumb you don't you'll never
understand I mean I don't even really
understand there is like if you have
like we have like a severe like mental
illness you have to go through like two
huge things to even start to get better
the first thing you have to do is find a
therapist and to find one that actually
like feels good for you that's like a
process like you might go through like a
few that are like super [ __ ] and you
[ __ ] hate them and they just don't
work well at all and once you find a
therapist then you have to start playing
like the drug game so they'll prescribe
you something you have to get used to it
for a month it might work it might make
you feel horrible when if it makes you
feel horrible maybe it'll give you a
secondary drug to like make you feel not
as horrible as long as it's making you
feel like kind of okay and then if that
doesn't work that you got to get down
off of it and then you got to go into
another one and then all this time
you're still doing therapy and all this
time you're still like talking to you
same therapist and you're still and you
stop to live life the thing is like
while you're doing this like on the
Mental Illness [ __ ] while you're trying
to like do all this stuff you also have
to like live life at the same time like
you have to go to work or school or like
talk to friends and all that there's
like so much [ __ ] [ __ ] you have to
deal with I feel it's like so bad yeah I
don't know sorry for people that have to
do that [ __ ] is like so much
[Music]
where has the time gone oh yeah LSD
feels like way more um this went way
quicker than mushrooms
I actually got worried a lot oh I kept
saying like [ __ ] did I miss it
yeah I got worried that I miss my trip
because it like I guess I get mushrooms
like I got trapped like eternities of
time but for LSD I was like [ __ ] it's
weird because like on one-way and
summons I get things last a little bit
longer but then in another way it's like
oh [ __ ] like it's been an hour like
where the [ __ ] did the time go
I feel like LSD overstays its welcome by
like 4 to 6 hours and I just look
forward to it end and it stops being fun
I understand what you mean but I think
like being with like milena
I think it's like a lot more fun for me
cuz obviously and then like my life in
general I think is pretty good but I
understand what you mean Oh cuz it's
very mentally exhausting it's very
tiring
you feel like your mind is like working
like a lot constantly and you're just
like slow the [ __ ] down
yeah so like you're kind of like even
right now I kind of like waiting for it
to be over but like you're it's still
working right
did you get stuck looking at that
painting oh yeah there were times where
that painting felt an incredibly [ __ ]
real holy [ __ ] it was so crazy yeah
there's like a million things that are
like written about I think it's it's
like it's like set setting scene or
something people try to do and I think
that got all the way it's like the five
asses of like having a good trip like
some dumb [ __ ] but um I think like um I
don't know if this would be true and
like any other drug but like I think
having read so much and thinking about
it so much like I could tell like there
were times in this stripper I felt like
it was gonna get like really dark but
like um like I could see that I was like
oh I'm gonna get up and like walk over
here and like do something and then
everything was fine set in setting
instead of setting are the two normal
ones but then like people oh there it is
sound scene set setting itself I
remember reading somewhere I was like
there's actually five SS or whatever but
um
yeah did you look in the mirror on the
shrooms there this one yeah I didn't the
both of these um the mirror was fine for
me I don't think I took enough for it to
be like crazy
[Music]
Shia bantha Oh Mandi those various means
we're killing me holy [ __ ] I was dying
oh my god I was dying so how much did
you put the tab when your gums are under
your tongue um I put it on my tongue for
like ten minutes something I just
swallowed it I think he just like eight
years right I don't know if that matters
I've read like a ton of people that like
min max it people like well actually if
you put it under your tongue for exactly
ten minutes then you metabolize a lot of
it immediately with your saliva and then
you swallow it immediately after and
then you won't maximize the amount of
time you spend under the influence of
LSD yeah I don't know if it matters that
much am i maybe if you like if you put
it under your tongue for a little bit I
think that maybe it helps you get high a
little quicker because your digestion
begins in the mouth a lot of people
don't know that but digestion begins in
the mouth
whenever you eat stuff the saliva that's
released and then you like crunching up
and chewing it as already beginning to
digest away before it even gets to your
stomach and it's probably true for like
a loss to you do you think that if
you're a well-adjusted person they're
doing a little psychedelic can provide
an overall good experience in terms of
perspective never done any of it
listening you talk about it raise my kid
I don't see how like a normal person
could do like a psychedelic be like this
was a total waste of time like it was so
stupid I think if it's at the very least
I think you'll come out of it and you'll
be like huh that's we're really
interesting and I don't need to do it
again I think I could totally I would
like I would like 100% respect that I
could totally see somebody being like I
tried psychedelics once and it was
actually really interesting I dry the
perspective but I don't think I want to
try it again that's not for me but I
don't think you I don't think you could
do it and not get anything out of it
there's no way how much do they cost
LSD is very cheap it's like five dollars
a tab or maybe four dollars a tab so
like what I did was the
of like less than $10 like very very
very cheap and that's for like that's
for like a whole day right so I just
glad you had a good trip buddy on that
you find a way like space is flowing
through your body
it's very cheap but if you're going to
do something like LSD unless you like
one trillion percent trust where you're
getting it from
I know psych substance does videos in
YouTube there's like a lot of channels
I'll talk about like this is how you
test your like this has got a testing
kit tested to make sure it's 100% legit
you know getting some [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah you
should definitely try that or you should
definitely test make sure your [ __ ] is
good how would you handle a 20 gram
psilocybin if you were to do it
I don't know well how could I know that
I think it is a shame a lot of people
push the idea that everyone should take
a psychedelic if you I mean I understand
why you would think that I have a very
hard time if you knew a person that it
like never taken a psychedelic drug
before but they're like a pretty smart
pretty chill person I got a life
together
it seems like everybody should try it
like one time not like a huge dose but
just like something what yeah just see
like you know what you're what it is
right yeah it's like there's just like a
whole different like dimensionality that
like you kind of like will never see
otherwise
and again like I don't think like I'm
not gonna say he's like oh everybody's
got to become like a [ __ ] psycho not
and like go to the next dimension but I
think there's like a lot there that you
can change about that like your
perceptions of things on these types of
substances is so different it's so crazy
that like for you to not even do it one
time man I don't know what extra things
you have four DMT um I don't know I
don't know I'm trying to set
expectations I try didn't like mentally
all god I spent so much time these past
two weeks thinking about this I think I
over prepared which is good this was so
much easier I think my biggest relief
for this is that this was so much
[ __ ] easier than I thought it would
be this was nothing this is so easy
compared to that [ __ ] mushroom trip
holy [ __ ]
it's trippin even comparable to being
drunk okay here is like the three things
that I would say I guess like if I'm
trying to think about it like a not like
a car ride hold on your stream setup is
butterfly my dude is there even anything
else you want to do with it
wait who was that oh I'm like I have my
whole twitch chat I haven't looked at
you guys once are you guys okay
Oh was anything else when I do Oh
probably not I think they said it's
pretty good any advice for someone who
may or may not be doing mushrooms the
first time this weekend okay
yeah you're gonna do psychedelics make
sure that you're the most important part
of anything it's gonna be dosing start I
think it's good to start small do
something that's like okay enough that
you'll like get an experience
don't take like one gram of mushrooms
whatever like do something like you'll
have like an experience but don't go
overboard don't ever do that that's not
good I think you want to be around
people that you're comfortable with like
if you do it make sure that you're
around like people that you're
comfortable with
[Music]
closing parenthesis you don't be like in
a strange area with like strange people
are [ __ ] like that
Oh make sure you can change stuff this
is the most important thing I think from
what I've read and then from what I've
experienced is like one thing that you
don't realize when you're under the
influence of like these types of drugs
is your vibes
okay I'm gonna use that like when I say
vibes what I'm talking about is like
that undercurrent of like feeling an
emotion you have right I'll read your
donation on one second
but you're 100% right about them and
work again good luck buddy
oh there's like an undercurrent to like
your I don't know if this is okay okay
I'm trying really hard to explain this
maybe this is what it's like for normal
people but I don't feel this at all in
my normal existence I'm here I'm like
bull always okay I don't have like a
mood or vibe I'm just always on level
okay that's how I feel like in my normal
existence I'm always on level but like
under psychedelics there's like an
undercurrent or you become aware of like
this undercurrent that is like very much
driving like everything that's going on
above it and I think it's really
important when you're when you're like
doing a drug like that is to like see
like if that's like making you feel bad
to be able to change that is really
important so for like for most drugs
like people say like oh well like if
you're really like you might be like
really cold and not know it so get a
blanket or you might be getting like
really hot and you not know it so like
get up and like move around and like air
yourself off being able to change like
the music being able to change what you
see like if you're like stuck in an area
like just like looking at a whole bunch
of like new [ __ ] well like make you feel
a lot different it doesn't seem like it
at the time but just like getting like a
lot of new sensory stuff well hardcore
change your perspective and if you feel
like you're like getting like really bad
until I good it's like a bad spiral of
thoughts it's like oh god what's that
like just like changing a lot can like
change so much yeah holy [ __ ] yeah you
definitely it's nice to have like
another person - oh that would probably
be another important thing the most
important thing is probably dosing the
second thing is probably to have
somebody help you don't do it alone I
don't think you should ever do something
like this alone for your first time
maybe if you're like really experienced
or like you know what you're doing or
whatever sure but like for your first
time or two you probably want somebody
to like help you through it a lot even
lighting can help one thing you don't
really pick up on is how bright [ __ ] can
be when you're high oh yeah the lighting
like it's like crazy it like changes so
much dude I saw the lights change so
much in here when I was high and they
didn't change at all but like I won hot
everson I would have swore my life well
no I wouldn't because I still knew like
I knew I was tripping one of things I
like the most about this trip is like I
knew everything I felt like I was like
um I don't know how to say it it felt
like okay it feels like on like if I'm
drinking a lot of alcohol it's like I
might like like I'm probably going on a
road with like a whole bunch of like
potholes and it's [ __ ] horrible and
crazy and like I might crash but like
the person I'm with if I'm like really
chill it's cool and we'll have a fun
[ __ ] time doing it but [ __ ] that's a
bumpy [ __ ] ride but it could be fun
and it's okay unlike LSD I felt like I
was driving and like the scenery around
it was like [ __ ] crazy and like it's
insanely awesome and sometimes I might
get scary but I can like go wherever I
want to go right like I'm still like
driving the car which was like a really
good feeling and then my mushroom trip
was like you're being like hurled into
other dimensions you have no control and
you're in the backseat like when you
have no [ __ ] idea about anything and
maybe you go two different ways at the
same time and it's [ __ ] horrible
about my question is the tripping risk
being drugged yo yeah so I'm sorry
that's I was trying to explain like
tripping is like it's way different than
being drunk it's not even close to
comparable I don't know how to explain
it like alcohol just like alcohol like
impairs you like maybe like it makes you
feel like goofier and it lessens your
inhibitions but I feel like these types
of drugs like psychedelic drugs like
change your perspective I feel like I
don't think you would ever drink I could
be wrong but I don't think you would
ever drink like drink alcohol and so be
like oh you know when I after I drank
that alcoholic beverage my perspective
really changed I don't think that
happens when you drink alcohol I don't
even get like perspective changes but on
I'm like psychedelics it seems like you
do like your perspective changes on
things or you can view things for
another perspective or just like new
existence from another perspective not
like in any deep like deep philosophical
sense but you just kind of like do
you see us for these drugs like in
therapy um I don't know I would say
anything if you're like mentally ill
anything that could help you it'd be
good
Destin you're taking 150 micrograms last
time you were off like 1,000 micrograms
of Chrome with mushrooms yeah yeah yeah
let me think about micro dosing I don't
know anything about micro dosing never
tried it I have no strong opinions a
moment oh I don't know what I would feel
like um oh man it's so crazy like
they're like being like right at the
edge and like seeing like like if I
would have like pop like three more tabs
I thought I could have gone to some
crazy [ __ ] like a 600-700 like microgram
forever like that was yeah I think it
was I felt like that I felt like my oven
for so long was giving me five middle
fingers it looks like so upset oh my god
I was looking at my oven for so long for
like 30 minutes it's so much was
changing about it but I knew that it
wasn't I could totally see how it would
though I could see how people could like
see things like turn into crazy shapes
and like attack you or whatever I think
I could see how people get to say that
but um what was I saying
oh so I'm really upset because a lot of
the imagery in my head like I remember
telling it was like oh I'm actually Game
of Thrones like when I would close my
eyes and like oh there was a part oh man
doing a hired you should response like
dosis doing a higher dose though I could
see it being like a lot of crazy [ __ ]
but like like if Malina would like touch
my skin I would get like the like I
would get like these very strongly like
um I would describe it was like having
like a piece of paper and then like
having somebody pushed something into it
and then seeing like paints like come
out the other end would be like this
that would be like the what I would kind
of see inside my mind but then it always
Foreman oh like the faces of like White
Walkers and I'd be like ah why am I
thinking this dumb can I throw
and that would happen so much like oh
there was like a weird like compartment
up in my thing I don't know why and I
kind of wondered like why that was there
and I thought like maybe there's like a
giant person like uses it I don't know
but it's just a lot of that was just
down yeah did you get the sense that if
you stare it at a single thing it starts
to get crazy
I found LSD if you look at one thing it
gets crazy where shrooms things look
weird at first nuts right oh yeah hold
on
glad you didn't die Thanks
oh yeah so like MDMA next please right
that's one you need to stream though I
don't think I would stream an MD image
when you look at when I would look at
something like on LSD when I look at it
everything around it would start to go
drugs on Ramadan Haram sorry I would
like it like really crazy like I'm I
started like Malema space for too long
like a half of her face would start to
like melt oh and then there were parts
also um I totally see where like a like
of like a four tab like LSD trip would
go I totally see it because I like just
barely got there the thing about like
seeing like every detail when I was
looking at you and I could see like all
of your veins and like your skull it's
like very weird like I feel like so much
detail like in the face is like so weird
yeah I was I can same but not quite
there but like right there like
glimpsing the veil would be how I would
describe that yeah but the nice thing
but again the nice thing about LSD is
that like anytime if I ever like wasn't
feeling it like 100% I could just like
look somewhere else and then everything
would be like cool again everything but
like super chill which was like really
really nice a ripple slash melting
effects were fun or creepy everything
was fun for me because I always felt
like I could get rid of it if I just
started like looking at it like the only
time like the rippling and everything
would happen would be would be like if I
start one thing and then everything in
my peripheral would start to change a
lot did you ever lose the perception of
time not like mushrooms on LSD was weird
things kind of like stretch and like a
little but I think like as much as like
time normally
does right like if you sit down for an
escape to grind out range all the Sun
like 12 hours later you're like oh [ __ ]
where did my time go but like I think it
was like that like I think on LSD like
your time just kind of like slips away
it felt like it went a lot faster than
mushrooms but then but I but I say that
keep in mind when I say this my mushroom
trip was horrific ly horrible and it was
way much so like maybe mushrooms and
normally be like it's I feel like I need
to do like a normal mushroom trip so I
could compare no I didn't loop anything
at all there's nothing even remotely
like that although I did ask a couple
questions I think like five or six times
like um why don't I ask a lot one was
did I miss my trip I got worried about
that I think there was one other
question I asked a lot Oh it's usually
just making sure like you're okay and
that you were like fine yet it's kind of
weird like maybe because I did such a
small dose or medium dose or normal dose
on LSD like the trip itself was cool but
like the calm down after it was like
very interesting very emotional holy
[ __ ] like I didn't realize like how
quickly I could go somewhere emotionally
like when I was talking to a son those
various Peaks I mean dying and I was
talking to my mom I think I bawled for
like 20 minutes holy [ __ ] and then yeah
and then thinking about things that make
me happy would be like really big like
yeah I was insane how much like mood
like the coming to come down off of LSD
is like insane do you think having other
people around during your trip could be
distracting from the experience itself I
don't know would you ever take an LSD
trip on the same level or dosage as your
mushroom trip I don't know I kind of
maybe how long do the trip last we were
peeking probably like 2 or 3 hours oh I
don't know it's hard to say anywhere
from like 2 to 6 hours
they were like another thing too is it
like mushrooms for me
mushrooms cannabis and LSD have all done
the same where it is like like all of a
sudden you're like oh okay I feel like
fairly sober right now and then like
five minutes later you're like okay wait
now I think I feel kind of sober but you
absolutely are not you you just have to
like you've gotta wait like time
oh man you need to like yeah if you ever
get the opportunity go to an EDM
festival I highly right Oh have you ever
done something that wasn't gonna like a
big like like like yeah like I wonder
what that would be like I don't like
dancing or EDM at all but it feels like
it would be an interesting experience
yeah not having reckful here was
probably really good festivals are not
good places to trip um I don't know my
yeah also being around oh my god ah [ __ ]
now I kind of like okay there are two
huge things I'm gonna try with LSD I
have to do this at some point it's one
because milena really wants me to and a
lot of people talked about it just being
out like in nature I guess it was like a
fun experience okay whatever going into
places and like oh my god like when we
walked into that coffee shop but I was
still like pretty high to get our hot
chocolate oh my god
first of all oh man it was really hard
not to tell my cashier that I thought
she was really pretty everybody was so
beautiful like every person I see is
like really pretty but like the lights
are like crazy one thing that I noticed
on peles T is they're like there's so
many [ __ ] lights everywhere and
lights are just [ __ ] insane
all over the place there's so many
lights they're just like oh my god so
like walking around like a city at night
like in and out of shops while like
peeking on LSD
seems like gonna be really intense but
interacting with other people seems
really difficult holy [ __ ] I tried
really hard I think when we went down
the elevator they were like two guys
there and I saw him and I didn't know
what to say we walked out and I was like
thank you like what a [ __ ] I just said
that get away but what they see we're
high I don't know you see that I close
your eyes and see the Kaleidoscope show
no oh I don't think I'd be able to know
I don't know if I could as much that
definitely on a lot of mushrooms it
didn't happen on that much the visual
hallucinations and this were like
I feel like I feel like my peak peak
like the absolute peak there might have
been like this 20 or 30 minute phase
where things like really visually were
like pretty heavy if I start at one spot
around it but I don't think I did enough
to like really get there you know gotta
be careful psychedelics at events I
would say those are not really party
drugs setting matters a lot and drunk
people usually throw you off yeah I've
heard that Molina said that a lot seeing
like non party people are seeing like
it's very weird everybody looks like
very strange
we were walking outside yeah and we were
like on the or I at least I don't like
the tail I'm like coming back oh sure
yeah I can't imagine you find a liquid
light show to watch oh yeah I play piano
a little bit oh man is so insane [ __ ] I
had to find somebody to play with the
next time I do this holy [ __ ] that feels
like it would be like an unbelievable
experience oh [ __ ] oh that's actually
something that's like in my life [ __ ]
goal I'm gonna make Albert [ __ ] do it
what a [ __ ] chain him up in a
basement and I'm four feet I'm drugged
and say Albert get your [ __ ] violin
out you [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] play for
me in a video again does that supposed
to be me or is it just am I just seeing
myself oh no it is cuz it's got like my
headphones right we can't see oh sorry
yeah this trip was like so heavy vibes
and he's like so heavy advisees I don't
think streaming it would have been lunch
I even said it when we were like on it
when I was like looking at like the oven
I was like man I was streaming this or
if I'd like a video of it it would just
be me staring at a [ __ ] oven knowing
that like nothing is happening but you
know how is the come up are you more
talking about to the food for our me to
come up was really good I thought the
come up was really good on this it was
like I don't know how to explain it like
I could take an I would take a look an
elevator up to like a level where things
are like a little bit stranger but I had
enough time to get like used to it we're
getting back in and then going up to
another level I don't know how much like
having like another person that you're
like comfortable with like I don't know
how much of my trip only work making
like Molina was doing you know you ever
get the urge to do psychedelics again
soon after having the experience well
one thing that sucks aside for me is
that I have to do like this is like a
whole day thing and we even started late
okay I don't know how it looks to you
guys okay but like I had the impression
that like when I was looking at it like
at its meanest that like this was like
it's mustache and this was like it's a
big open mouth and then it was just
giving me five middle fingers like the
whole time it was like really upset it
was just like perpetually like pissed
off at me and like its whole existent
was like flipping me off on the floor
they're just like really it was very
aggressive
not like in a scary way I could have
seen how it could have been scary but
like just like in a damn like chill dude
you just look pretty mean it remind me
of a vacuum guy from Brave Little
Toaster
yeah it reminded me of this guy I don't
know why he's like a grumpy old vacuum
cleaner in this
yeah would you debate somebody want
honesty no way I could never know [ __ ]
away oh my god this is so mean don't
ever tell us honest but as soon as he
would start talking about politics what
I do is I would I would March the phone
away and then Park it in the bookshelf
and what I would hear it would sound
like I hear like a guy like who would go
like into another classroom and he's
like telling like his other like
classmates about politics and I'm like
out in the hallway just like we're like
dying so hard cuz like my phone is just
like arced in the bookcase and he's like
going off about how horrible capitalism
is and then I would walk the phone back
over to me everybody hey what's up to
son and you'd be like hey that's how I
was dying so much I was dying so much
for that oh my god I'm sorry but it was
really funny like the sound of him
talking like in the bookcase was perfect
it was so funny I know why
oh my god it was so funny you phone mr.
Mouton oh I think I called the Hawaii
group and then Hassan's [ __ ] discord
picture popped up like I'm god it's so
[ __ ] weird
it looked so weird I was high he's like
bald and like laughing at you it was
very weird after your trips have you
come away with any noteworthy
perspective shoes not really no okay
what sure you know before taking LSD for
the first time make sure your dosage is
correct and make sure in a very good
setting for him and have somebody with
you to help you if you seem to have good
trips when isolated in control then you
should never go to something like a
festival well why not when you start
like in an isolated controlled place
first and then go to like a festival oh
god what was this do that [ __ ] do the
very
did the various vibes one was so good oh
my god dude this picture this picture
[ __ ] killed me for like I'm actually
exert like I'm very sore like in my
chest and in my stomach I'm like
laughing too much this picture
annihilated me for like [ __ ] 10
minutes holy [ __ ] I think it was just
like the perfect like come down since I
like unfortunately it's so much like
Game of Thrones imagery in my [ __ ]
head because of like I've been thinking
about it so much for like stream debates
and everything do you get the old red
blue 3-d glasses effect while looking at
objects under lights i don't think so
[Music]
what's the main reason you need someone
to help you during an LSD trip you don't
necessarily need someone but i think
it's good for the first time because a
lot of the times when you're under the
influence of a drug and you're starting
to vibe you're starting to feel a
certain way you might not realize it and
you might not have the experience needed
to pull yourself out of it like a friend
might see that like your expression has
changed and you're like getting into
kind of a bad spot and the frame is like
hey let's get up and like move to
another room or let's stand up and just
look at something and like do something
else like a friend can kind of like help
you like push you like in a better spot
but if you're alone and especially
what's your first time then you might
get like really like [ __ ] you might
like go down into like a really bad
spiral and get lost in your own thoughts
and be at home to be in a really bad
place for a few hours which would really
suck see how the way see see the way
that they're sending you these memes now
like [ __ ] 100% within cold fish 28
you were the first one so you said that
tonight you're going to let's rewind
before jerking off
and then okay first I'm going to after
this call ends I'm would you do LSD
again yeah for sure I think now the real
interesting thing is is if I'd we do
this dose I'm leaning towards like 250
or 300 but I don't know I always have
this like need to like push myself past
like what I maybe should do because this
was a lot of fun and I think this like
experimenting with this dosage and
different settings could be a lot of fun
so like running like an Airbnb for a day
and like being in a place it's like
really close to like like a forest or
something like doing that for a day
could be like really fun on this dose
and I did like 150 which feels like
perfect and then doing like 150 like
this dose and then playing music with
somebody else like that would be so
those are like to experience oh and then
maybe doing this dose if you're really
bad like making people trips it for me
because I don't want to like make it so
it's really boring for you I feel really
bad like how many other people like take
care of me yeah but like maybe doing
like um doing that doing what I did is a
dose and then while peaking going out
and walking around like the city at
night would be like insane experience
like after the Sun is set before
everything is closed seems like it would
be a crazy fun experience that's why we
need like somebody to like walk with me
it's like walking yeah it's like maybe
something yeah those are three things I
think those if I do more LSD if I try to
do like a 3 or 4 tab LSD trip I think
these are three things that I would
really want to do like at this dosage
before I try like a higher dosage but
like this I feel like 150 for me and
keep in mind too that everybody is
different on a lot of these drugs like
um
what how much would be oh yes like
milena says she has like pretty big
trips at like 50 to 100 and has like
pretty big trips but for me like oh it's
like someone chef said don't up it to
150 I will ste go some expedition dosage
not Auditor
yeah it's like for me like 150 felt like
really good this is a really good like I
saw exactly where I could go if I would
need to like some crazy [ __ ] but like
where I was was like totally chill and
in like in control yeah yeah what makes
playing music on LSD interesting I don't
know it's just like um wow I don't know
how to explain it
Matt gala name is camp me Oh cuz he like
dresses over there 10
I am betting you would increase the
dosage no matter what next time no I
think this is like a good does I like
300-level it makes it really hard to do
anything maybe I could see like um
positive vibes happy destiny is the
rarest destiny bang feelsgoodman I could
see myself like peaking on this was
pretty intense like for like I know it's
hard to say but have it if it lasts for
like an hour but I guess you've been
really hard to like be out and with
people like peaking for the doses it
would be pretty hard I think it would be
possible but maybe I don't really hard
but anything more than this yeah I don't
know i don't i don't know like at 200 or
300 yeah
[Music]
