okay somebody I'm sure what do you got
for me so how much like time do you
spend looking at like actual academic
debate as opposed to never like never
watch academic debate there might be
some good [ __ ] out there everything in
college is [ __ ] cancer though I don't
know I'll try to watch a few what it
just seems really stupid so I think like
a lot of the reason that it gets stupid
is that there's sort of like a structure
or format well I was talking about like
I don't know if there's like a specific
name for ever like a lot of people like
me like the policy debate things where
like basically yeah we're like you read
like and I think that is ever gonna go
it's not like I don't know I can't I
can't take it seriously no like like
more than me like it like it's
ridiculous and then I'll kind of talk to
you about it does that make sense like
you were just you never really were able
to get past like evidence
well sure cuz he wasn't capable of even
like understanding how data works right
sure but like in that instance you're
basically saying that you can either win
or lose a debate with somebody based on
your ability to look at a graph in like
35 seconds and say whether or not he's
[ __ ] up or like find out yeah the
person is stupid enough yeah sure and
everybody's [ __ ] stupid all studies
wait what you cut off everybody's
complex okay your thing just came back
okay what were you saying it just seems
strange to have such a complex
conversation without like really any
regard for like reading or being like
well-versed on basically the material
not just for you but for people coming
in and I'm using that guns to Bay which
where you do have a lot of like
understanding right like you've had that
stationed a lot mm-hmm but then in other
conversations it seems a little less oh
yeah I mean I'd like to feel like like
I'm generally siting like I feel like
consensus opinion on any particular
topic I'm talking about if I'm talking
about it I mean otherwise I usually
don't argue it I do you have like an
example of like words like a debate I
guess where I've had we feel like I have
no engagement whatsoever with like the
consensus not trying to like we're
trying to say that you have such like a
large army of just like plebs they're
probably do have sort of experience or
at least like are doing a lot of reading
by themselves and I feel like you could
just like okay you're talking about
policy debate in college and a lot of
what makes those teams like really
successful is like the level or like
extent of autism they're like freshmen
class has to where they can just like
constantly be reading and pulling cards
or whatever like evidence yeah but like
my only problem with stuff like that is
that I don't know if I'm necessarily
qualified to parse like individual
studies to draw conclusions that's
usually why I like what I like to just
feel like well okay well these are the
leading economists here and they
generally cite this stuff and then this
is kind of like their prescriptions on
this rather than like well here's two
studies I have and I'm gonna cite them
as evidence especially for like
medically related stuff it's like yeah I
don't know yeah I guess like the only
thing I'm coming from on that is like
basically I have to kind of turn off
database when it gets into that like
literal level one like reading evidence
no I agree it's really frustrating it's
a real stupid when somebody like the
James guy like can't even understand a
chart like if I'm saying like right to
carry laws increase the amount of gun
crime once you enact them and he says
we'll look at these five states that
have low crime and high right to carry
all this is like dude what the [ __ ] like
yeah it's really really really
frustrating I don't deny that at all
it's really annoying so like in the same
way that you don't you have a format for
your emails now like where people have
to write in a format not real I don't I
can't I don't really answer my emails
well I delete a lot because it's just
too much like I can't engage with like
long-form conversations or my emails
it's way too much time
okay yeah regardless I think like the
same sort of system where you just have
like sort of a bar for what you expect
people as evidence to be when they come
in mm-hmm
where you're not reading like a full
study you're reading like a synthesis or
like a fact from the study like 27
percent of gun owners are [ __ ]
killers or whatever you know what I mean
like just then you can debate over those
specific disagreements not like such a
broad thing well I gave an again even
unlike very specific fact or it's like a
lot of conservatives seem unable to like
grip were to like yet to even have like
a basic understanding of things like on
levels that I didn't think was even
possible yeah I just I mean that's also
why I guess I was asking about academic
debate because I feel like I don't know
I came from a place where I was doing a
lot of debate in high school and then I
feel like when I started judging rounds
like after I graduated or yeah like into
college not recently at all but there's
like definitely a new or better
understanding you can get from rhetoric
or whatever when you're the one who's
having to like parse all that stuff so I
don't know something you're ever
interested in I would suggest it I would
say okay maybe at some point I'll look
into more academic stuff and then the
final one was or just something that I
remembered you saying and I've heard you
say it a few times since is that there's
just like full stop no such thing as a
deep state in our government um no I
mean like I can I mean like I can
recognize that there are probably
certain types of like political that
there are certain types of interests
that are probably represented from past
administrations maybe in certain levels
of the government share just not the
deep state and so far as like q and on
is concerned or something
Shh okay well because all I remember
being like full stop there is no deep
state you cannot use it and then you
even went on to use like Trump as like a
counter positive for there being a deep
say like how could there possibly be
because obviously Hillary would
sure but again like I'd like to be clear
well to be clear like I'm speaking like
very particularly to people that are
putting certain deep state theories out
there like because so for instance I'm
talking in regards to like these are
people who think that Hillary Clinton
has the ability to like get people
murdered and like completely cover it up
or like in influence like large-scale
like like banks to do like really shady
[ __ ] or like call for assassinations of
people and like like so you don't know
I'm sure the government does but I don't
think these can come from like isolated
political bodies that are only serving
in the u.s. probably not that seems I
don't know I know either we hunger
killed like spies and [ __ ] like for
World War two where people accused of
spies right over in other words the
whole McCarthy had something in in World
War two post well actually say posting
over like the whole Red Scare [ __ ] like
in the 60s when up but um I don't know
like I guess like wait wait wait is the
you I'm sorry cuz I could be legit
ignore this is the US has the u.s.
engaged a lot like previously in recent
history like killing US citizen wait
can't wait when are they they're killing
people right now wait wait there's a big
difference between the political reasons
yeah but there's a big never screened as
a US kill people for political reasons
versus the US kill US citizens for
political reasons what
okay okay let's be more clear okay when
you're talking about Obama you're
talking about are you referring to the
American or whatever that existed like
overseas or whatever that was some
combatant that got killed or something I
mean I can okay yeah yeah drones
freaking [ __ ] but like we don't kill
like American citizens like in the US or
whatever like the government is engaging
in that practice I know that we do a lot
of weird [ __ ] like in other countries
but I don't generally think we kill like
American citizens the US government
doesn't generally
I mean I'm sure they have at some point
but generally no I think I guess that's
like whenever I talk to people about
like the existence of a deep state got
like it was really easy to basically
like draw a line between like there
being an insane like military industrial
complex in the United States like and
then Trump kind of came around and made
it really hard to have like a serious
conversation about like the powers that
be or whatever in the United States but
I feel like the easiest way is to say
like okay so the United States is like
this incredible bad faith actor that
does all this terrible [ __ ] all over the
globe and then like when did that stop
happening basically I mean like yeah
there's just like there's like a big
like moving the goalposts here like
there's a big difference between saying
like does the u.s. engage in like
foreign intervention ilysm where we like
assassinate political leaders that are
inconvenient to like US foreign
interests versus our verses that versus
are there certain politicians in the US
government that murder other US citizens
to only benefit one political interest
those two things are very very very
different like what the actual goals of
like some shadow government probably
aren't killing people it's probably more
in the fairy [ __ ] but I don't know I
guess I was confused
I always expecting you to say no to the
first question that the u.s. kills
people or but it seemed like you were
trying to just kind of like mitigate it
there probably are sort of shadowy
figures in the upper echelons of our
government that are trying to sway
public opinion or change the way that
people like engage with politics with by
assassinating other US citizens I don't
think that happens now okay I mean I
guess it's possible but like I feel like
something like that would be caught
that's the feeling I got I could be
wrong but I guess all I was trying to so
no no no it's that that was in response
to somebody that believes like that was
probably responsible is it like the deep
state like queuing and queuing on calls
it exists but I mean
it really depends on what you say by
deep state I guess cuz I mean in terms
of like are there like different
political interests in the background
that are being representative always
right yeah sure it's kind of like when
somebody asks me like do I believe in
supply-side economics like I'm probably
gonna say no cuz it's probably a
conservative talking about like
trickle-down [ __ ] but if it's like an
actual economist saying like well do you
believe that like the supply side of the
economic chain can heavily influence
like you know Margaret forces [ __ ] well
yeah of course I like it depends on the
conversation though yeah we don't
necessarily know about it could be for
our well-being or it could like not be I
just think it's pretty plausible that
there are sort of bad faith actors at
the highest level of the United States
like military and government okay and
then I guess the last thing I wanted to
talk about was just I feel like it's
kind of various underscore 65 a is now a
subscriber if you like you should
probably get rid of it alright if you
want a link points up to them right
can't you just make it like
not-safe-for-work links oh I just it's
very strange that there's probably like
group masturbation between like all the
13 year-olds in your chat right are
there really that many 13 year-old to my
chat is that wait no but I thought when
we pull my audience I thought like the
overwhelming I actually did an online
poll I mean like I've looked at my well
no because I talked to my talent agency
about like the age of my audience went
online and the age of my audience
actually skews like pretty old I know
why we because we had this conversation
about potentially doing alcohol
sponsorships on the future okay so yeah
okay for the like extreme minority of
like very young people in your chat to
be group masturbating with all the 35
year olds that are in your chat I mean
group masturbating it's like a really
loaded term I mean like do you think
it's like
what's going on with every single porn
site ever like when I go to pornhub am i
okay I mean I guess if you're like a
post all porn like that's a position you
can argue but wait you can just mute not
say for working to my channel why does
nobody use these features to mute things
they don't like well no I guess like
what I'm asking is like why I guess you
really feel like positively about the
porn in the chat I mean if people want
to link it sure why the [ __ ] not
it seems like there's like
not-safe-for-work and then there's just
like straight up titties getting [ __ ]
you know - man okay I don't understand
it people want to link it like wipe and
look if I can let them do it why the
[ __ ] not
okay - is there where's like your line
drawn they're like do you have a vet
system I think we have a line drawn I
think if you'd link not say for life
stuff at us be like not say for life if
you wait link not say for work stuff at
us we'd leave I'd say for work no what
if the kids are like four and seven and
they're getting like no there right now
camp site I so right now my chat I'm
sorry there's no child pointing there's
no wall ikana my chat those are two
things the vetting process for making
sure she's not like 16 or 17 if it looks
like child porn if it comes to a child
porn site than a person that's posting
it usually gets behind all right I mean
like if it's linked from like [ __ ]
fortune and it looks like a [ __ ] kid
then the person is probably getting
[ __ ] banned for it like you're saying
that you can say definitively there's no
child porn that's ever been pitted and
not I'm sure they're probably has been
their father in child but there's
probably up on right now like on pornhub
and [ __ ] like some of that's like 17 and
their age is either recorded incorrectly
they lie about it but like yeah I'm sure
that any site that has like teen porn
categories there are probably girls post
in the middle like 17 or some [ __ ] I'm
sure that's happening morning jack
Shh sure if that's your interpretation
of it okay so it's like a freedom of
speech thing kinda not really it's like
if people want to link not-safe-for-work
links in my chat in my office dreams
chat they can do it if they want to it's
fine I don't care but if as long as its
label not say for work if you don't want
to watch it just meet it okay yeah no I
guess yeah I was confused because it
seemed like you were just willfully
allowing [ __ ] there was a little bit
well not really we have like pretty
aggressive stances against banning
people that are linking stuff that
either looks like child porn or looks
like or looks like that sorry well I I
don't really look at that type of stuff
so if there is I'm not aware of it I
don't know what do you mean you googling
child porn right now it's probably not a
good idea be careful I think it's all
right I mean I know who sasha grey is I
don't think she looks like a child
whatever good talk dude I appreciate it
okay yeah I'll see you I see okay wait
when are you gonna see me I just met
I'll see you later
uh yeah have fun stay safe and be
careful okay yeah okay see you later
buddy
[Music]
