what is your experience with meditation
I don't have an experience with
meditation I don't do it at all I spent
a lot of time thinking like like I like
if I'm out doing something like I'll put
aside some hours to like think about
stuff but I don't like sit down and do
like full-on meditation or whatever I
don't know how comfortable the two
experiences are usually if there's some
idea that I'm not comfortable with I'll
like put aside mentally sometime later
to like go over for a few hours until I
feel like I've reached a good conclusion
and then sometimes I'll write things
down to keep track of my thoughts on
that can you give an example how you go
through something you need to figure out
I'm sure if I'm in conversation with
somebody or if I'm presented with an
idea they don't feel like I can
articulate a good response to I'll just
at some point in the future I'll put
aside some number of hours so if I'm
driving or if I've got an errand to run
or if I'm just like chilling on my own
we're all just kind of like start to
like think through that the thoughts a
little bit more like how would I explain
this to somebody else what were the
counter-arguments be and then I just
kind of run that down in my head until I
feel like I've got either a good
response or if the idea is indefensible
then I abandon it and I search for
something more reasonable
I don't know house to explain that it's
like the vegan [ __ ] when I was at
Devon's a while ago I woke up kind of
early and I spent like six hours jotting
down ideas on a notepad to figure out
like like which direction I needed to go
to have like better answers to the
things that um the questions that were
posed me you feel like you lost the
debate to poop not really I mean I guess
sure I just I felt like I didn't have
the I was basically challenged to a
level that was more fundamental than
what I'd thought of previously but the
problem is that as I drilled down on
that more and now I'm more comfortable
with where all of my fundamental beliefs
come from I think like the big problem
that I've had and I've said this a few
times on stream but I like it sounds
kind of Mimi when I say it but I
realized that like my own internal
thought process is like incredibly odd
ends with most people like it's very
very very different and I feel like I'm
at a point where it makes more sense to
lie about it than it does to be
forthcoming about it because it's
impossible to because other people treat
you very differently
or or entertain your ideas or thoughts
very differently when you're open about
it my dad and I used to have debates as
a kid you do this with Nathan much not
yet but he's only seven so I don't even
know what do you feel you come off as
sociopathic to people akin to the vegan
gains debate no but I thought I did but
that's my problem is that I don't think
I do I don't like to use the term
sociopath because one it's not even an
official [ __ ] thing anymore so I
could literally mean whatever edgy thing
you wanted to mean but I thought that I
think that I present my I think my big
problem I think is that I've presented
my ideas and I've said what my internal
processes are for a long time but I
think there are a lot of people that
share my conclusions and they just kind
of assume that I'm being edgy about my
internal processes and this is something
that has really bothered me that I've
started to figure out over the past
month I guess I kind of started with the
vegan thing and then like every kind of
as I got into more and more of these
kinds of like conflicts I start to
realize that there's a massive
disconnect between the people between
what people think my internal processes
are versus what they actually are and
and this is like the this is the thing
that uhm yeah I guess that I've had the
most trouble reconciling over the past
and that reconciling that I've had the
most trouble like deciding hi I guess I
want to treat it
over the next over the next part of my
life I guess I don't know
my sound needs to be on max to hear you
properly
I I'm pretty sure all of my volumes are
as normal as they've ever been I feel
like I shake some of your internal
processes but our conclusions I wouldn't
want you to lie about that stuff because
I honestly want to learn more yeah but I
don't know if I live like a healthy
person that's like another thing that
I've had to come to terms with that's
been like a two-year process I don't
know if my internal process is something
that's like compatible with most people
or if most people could even like take
on this type of internal process it
might be actually like incredibly
damaging in the long run and for
whatever reason I've avoided it because
of for a variety of weird reasons I
don't know do you mean you come to the
same conclusions as other people but for
different reasons for example you're
empathetic towards people for your own
personal benefit rather than just being
nice to people yeah that would be like a
really simple way to explain it yeah do
you still have your normal level of
happiness as a frame of reference you
want to go back to simply put do you
know how happy you were until your
pending exact well I mean I think that's
all worn off now whatever I felt like
when I after my panic attack is gone now
for the most part I'm not worried about
that anymore
have you considered therapy well the
problem with it's not a matter of like I
feel like um like I think I'm happy I
think I'm content so I don't know if I
would necessarily want to change things
I'm not entirely sure I don't know
I think the constant drive for
consistency / - voicing feels from
rational thought processes and one of
the most admirable traits of destiny
personally this kind of saddens me to
hear but I don't think I don't think
that you should I don't know if you
should live your life this way like five
years ago I would have said that this is
the best way to live your life like 100%
but I'm not so sure anymore I don't know
about that
I'm like insanely I'm like very
antisocial
I don't know how to explain it I don't
know I never know how to put these
things into words I guess there I feel
like there are a lot of like shared
experiences that people have that I
don't take part taken like as an example
if something bad happens to me I don't
want anybody to talk to me I don't want
anybody to comfort me I don't want
anybody not because it's like edgy it
just it just makes me feel irritated
right I think there's a lot of stuff
like that like if I have big decisions I
want to make I never talk to other
people but I'm like what do you think I
should do for this whatever like I
usually just feel comfortable making my
own like that I don't really have any
close relationships with people you know
like [ __ ] like there's a lot that goes
into like the hyper-rational and I don't
necessarily think it's a healthy thing I
don't think that um I don't think that
people should like strive for that I
don't I'm not sure I don't know lots of
people feel like that I don't know if
that's true this is something that this
is like another huge like thing that
I've I don't know it's really hard to
talk about because there's a lot of
people that act like this because it
sounds really cringey to say but because
it's like they think they're being
really edgy or or they're like trying to
be like some Shonen anime dude it's like
cold or whatever so like my like my
everyday experience becomes kind of like
the like the edgy cloak that some people
wear to try to see as cool as cool as
possible to try to seem like really cool
and it's like really I don't know it's
really hard to talk to other people
because like I've had conversations with
people that claim to have like the same
kind of like day-to-day experience that
I do but then like invariably you know
they'll like have a breakdown or
something like oh like I wish I had
someone to love me or blah blah blah I
feel so depressed over this thing and
it's like I don't understand like you
know I'm not sure why would you let
retards ruin your thought process slash
feelings for you so the thing is that I
guess because of what I've reasoned out
I think that if I don't I think that if
I don't talk about my internal mechanism
so much I think that people in general
have a much more positive feeling about
Who I am and that's probably better for
my brand for branding right and better
for appearances in general
that if somebody comes to my channel and
they listen like so people for instance
come to my channel and they will and
they'll they'll listen to me you know
talk about why I'm Pro immigration or
anti racism or something like that and
they come away with this idea that I'm
like I'm a very warm person it has like
a huge love for Humanity in my heart and
that um you know like I want to see all
people do well etc etc for that for the
for the sake of that that is absolutely
not at all what's going on inside of me
like everything I do is incredibly
self-centered but I feel like people
didn't actually believe me when I said
that and that's where like a lot of this
dissonance is coming from especially
recently where were people like wait a
second what you're just being a selfish
piece of [ __ ] and it's like it's how
I've always been nothing has changed but
I but I don't think people actually
believed it before but now I think that
maybe it makes more sense to just sell
that story like if you want to believe
that I'm filled with with warmth and
love for all of mankind maybe I should
just shut the [ __ ] up and let people
think that you know and then keep the
more fundamental arguments away because
I mean it's pretty easy to like assume
moral systems right like like oh well
you know you know I think that all
people should be treated equally or bla
bla bla like these are pretty
fundamental easy axioms to like take on
and kind of like build moral systems
around them because most of my
conclusions end up being the same anyway
right
wouldn't that rub you the wrong way
personally um not really I mean I used
to lie a lot for to advance myself
growing up um and I think I'm pretty
good at lying but I I mean I stopped
doing it when I started to train me
because I figure there's no reason to
because it's my [ __ ] extreme I can do
whatever the [ __ ] I want what the [ __ ]
would I tell a lie to anybody right so I
mean I think it's pretty easy to kind of
like obscure like inner inner thought
processes I mean right there's no reason
to
one of the most ignorant things you
could say know is that you don't believe
others understand what you're going
through not trying to be defensive
there's a lot of people out there who
feel much more comfortable alone than
with others ironically we don't see
others shut in that much because they
always said oh no oh sure it's possible
I'm just gonna bite off talk to you my
dude I'm sure there are a lot of people
that would feel the same way that I do I
mean I'm just saying that like for my
personal experience like I don't know
it's just yeah I'm not sure
well obviously not you but I know it
would feel extremely disingenuous to me
in my personal moral system yeah I don't
decide to think I'm I think I'm actually
a moral I don't think I believe in
morality well most people don't believe
most intelligent people are somewhat
morally nihilistic but I don't know if I
would even go as far as to say that like
I'm now a nihilistic existentialist like
pretty much everything I do in terms of
like personal decision making or
evaluation is usually done from a
self-centered point if you're like what
would I do to make me the most happy
like that's literally my what every
single value is generated from it is
that thing and I would take it a step
farther and farther and argue that
everybody does that whether they want to
admit it or not because ultimately
whatever moral system you choose is a
personal choice that is just as
arbitrary as any other decision I'm just
being honest about it I could be wrong
on that though I have to think more
about that because I'm not ready to go
on and like accuse other people of doing
the same but um yeah I don't know
that's not true that most intelligent
people are moral nihilist don't most
philosophers agree that there is no like
objective morality you had to do a lot
of weird [ __ ] to find like objective
morality right or you got to be like you
have to believe in some crazy [ __ ] I
think that humans or morality has some
kind of intrinsic or objective worth
I can't tell okay well this is I guess
we're being realistic so I'm just gonna
be realistic for this whole hour okay so
if I say something it sounds really
condescending or really a really
arrogant then take it as such okay
because I'm very kind of sending it was
very narcissistic destiny don't you
think that being selfish is extremely
destructive to society
it's an incredibly [ __ ] stupid thing
to say like being incredibly selfish can
be destructive to society or you could
not be a [ __ ] idiot and you could be
selfish and have it work well for
instance if I walk into a place and
there's five sandwiches and there are
five co-workers right like I could eat
all five sandwiches because I'm
self-interested like oh that's how its
self-interested person good act or I
could say like oh well all it want and
you guys can all have one because I
don't watch all the [ __ ] hate me
because that's gonna produce worse
outcomes for me then if I like steal all
your [ __ ] right I feel like I feel like
every time I feel like every time I have
these conversations I see like really
basic like level one objections or it's
like well if you were really selfish
wouldn't you just walk over and rape
your neighbor all the time it's like
well no because chances are that would
produce some really [ __ ] bad outcomes
for me yeah
do you feel us if you have any real
friends have not justice bother you not
really don't really feel that way and I
don't mean to say that is like a slight
against anybody I mean like I enjoy
talking to Dan and Devon but I guess I'm
just trying to think that like if I had
like a really personal problem or some
something that was like really personal
I don't think I would ever talk to
anybody else about it like I don't have
like friends like Oh like I need to like
I'm thinking about dating some girl or
whatever I'm thinking about like you
know like I need to make an important
decision on whether like I don't think I
would ever consult another person
there's not anyone in my life like okay
I'll talk to this person I respect their
forget right if it's like
business-related I might talk to like
Devon or down or something but
[Music]
I believe that on a micro-level
selfishness is a driving force of
humankind is in corrosive but when it
expands to a macro societal level it
becomes negative produces bad outcomes
well this is why you have to not be an
idiot right so this is why I would be
like in favor of progressive tax
policies even though it means less money
for me because I'm obviously it's
probably going to produce better
outcomes for me and my kid right and I
choose to care about my kids so but
you're not incredibly selfish then if
you address yourself interests along
with a self-interest or others taking
the fight no no no taking the five
sandwiches would be a huge benefit to
you if you really didn't care at all
other people could manipulate them into
not hating you which is fairly easy if
you don't care about how destructive
your actions are that sounds fantastical
manipulating people is it takes a lot of
effort and it's oftentimes not even
possible it really depends on the
scenario I like I don't understand that
like I would steal their sandwiches and
then lie to them and say they never had
sandwiches or if you could theoretically
own slaves without any negative
repercussions would you so these are the
kinds of like gotcha questions that
people like will boo poor people like
vegan games or whatever would try to
catch me on it like my honest answer to
every question would be yes if you if
you add with no consequences behind it I
probably wouldn't really care but I
guess like my challenge would be that
everybody more or less functions like
that because moral systems don't really
protect anybody anyway right like no
moral system has ever protected somebody
from something it all comes down to who
has the ability to enact the force to
back up whatever moral system they have
regardless right you could live in a
country with the most moral people ever
that I'll share some moral system but if
a stronger country comes in and bullies
you takes over your [ __ ] it's not like
you can sit there and argue like we'll
hold on like this is actually we adhere
to this moral system you need to stop
this right now it's not right like it
wouldn't really matter right from their
perspective they would you know
selfishly pick whatever moral system
they have and they would just
down that route right have you ever
heard of optimistic nihilism the idea
that helping others in today's society
is actually beneficial to the selfish
yeah sure I probably you can probably
name like 50 tooth they'll fill a
thousand things like people kept doing
this is why I trying to label myself
because then I get called out on
something that these believe that I
don't actually believe like I've heard
like rational self-interest or
enlightened self-interest I've heard
egoism I you just brought up as
optimistic nihilism it seems like
there's like a million different types
of moral systems that might extremely
rich people gain no benefit from helping
the poor and neither do their kids their
selfishness maintains that wealth but
does until the revolution occurs didn't
give a personality disorder I'm not sure
maybe it's maybe some sort of a SPD you
ever been to it there would I possibly
get out of a therapist I don't
understand why an introvert or an
extrovert probably an extrovert I enjoy
social situations and talking to people
and whatnot right it doesn't an
extrovert gain energy from talking if
you want an introvert loses energy I
don't know I don't even know if these
are like real distinctions recognized in
psychology or not popularized by Carl
Jung okay
why is happiness you made well in life
why not try to seek out as many power /
unique experiences as possible well I
mean if those unique experiences made me
happy then that's what I would take out
right
do you experience happiness seeing
others who care about being happy
successful considerate not really know
how much programming do you know and how
did you learn I programmed my whole
website and twitch and YouTube I don't
know any programming I need my first
website using HTML and really basic CSS
