I don't already conceded the point that
me saying that you know it isn't the
word utilize you just a pretentious is
[ __ ] worthy you can just use the word
use instead did someone say new emotes I
feel like there's a slightly different
connotation when I think of you oh man
when I think of utilize I think of
you're using something for something
else but when I think of you I think of
like you use it in and of itself so for
instance like I might use the toilet
like that's it I'm not gonna utilize the
toilet I would use the toilet but I'm
gonna talk about the other way around
though no no yeah yeah I don't think so
that I would say use the toilet or I
might but then I might like I might
utilize a tool in order to remove
something for something else like
utilize use you can also use the tool
but but like English right precision and
connotation all that we use different
which I think utilize that utilize seems
to imply that like you're using
something for something else but you
also I mean use works in that one that
was a bad example right one I you know I
mean you could probably almost always
have to use the English language works
okay we've got a million different words
for a million different things right
okay but this specific one is usually
used in situation or it could just be
used yes well you could say that for a
lot of we're bodies not utilizing the
key tones like why would you ever say
why would you ever say somebody's
despondent when you could just say
really sad well I like you that's a
little different no it's not it's a
little no the connotations old if like
you were saying but for utilized I don't
I don't get that feeling of it would you
ever hear someone say I'm gonna utilize
the toilet no no it sounds pretentious
is for sure but you can utilize
something to achieve like another means
or whatever no like you can use
something to do that to okay and you can
be really sad instead of despondent hold
on let's see use verse utilize hold on
Oh huh I need to read about this [ __ ]
let's see
[Music]
there are few words I despise today's
post is about the one at the very top of
that list this is a grammar party blog
here we go this word is utilized
utilizes one of those smart people work
smart words people throw into cover
letters business reports and research
papers in the hopes of coming off as
sounding super amazingly intelligent I
like this guy and it's true sometimes
this works but it's a cheap trick and
it's easy for a trained eye to see
through this ploy
what's more nine times out of 10 it's
the wrong word to use let's start off by
looking at the definition of these two
words use take hold or deploy something
as a means of accomplishing or achieving
something utilize to make or render
useful to convert to use turn to account
is there a difference between these
words technically yes if you look at the
finish if you look at the definition of
utilized innocent applies taking
something and using it for an unintended
purpose convert to use meanwhile the
definition of use is more
straightforward it means employing any
old thing to achieve your goal whether
or not you use that that any old thing
for its intended purpose so if you are
not actually creating an alternate use
for something utilizes the wrong word
here are two examples to illustrate this
idea the witch uses her cauldron to
prove her potions which utilizes your
cauldron as a drum during the ceremony
in the second example of which uses our
cauldron for something other than its
intended purpose cauldrons or cooking
tools not musical instruments the witch
converted the use of the cauldron to
make her drum because of this is okay to
use utilize but use use works too but I
really want to look smart I have a
prospective employer to impress as I
mentioned before couple letters are one
of the most popular places for utilised
to lurk I'm a professional copy editor
and I can't tell you how many times I've
changed utilize the plain old use
because it's simpler unless pretentious
but if this guy's a professional copy
editor say hahaha I've utilized my
excellent project management skills to
consistently need deadlines revised I
have applied my excellent project
management management skills
consistently need deadlines original my
years of experience have allowed me to
utilize the classic and current
techniques of dog grooming revised my
years of experiments I have experienced
have allowed me to hone of the classic
and current techniques of dog grooming
oh I like home there that's nice I'm
able to utilize multiple programs
simultaneously I'm able to manage
multiple program programs simultaneously
there are plenty of other ways to sound
like the super amazingly intelligent
person I'm sure you are then to
incorrectly use utilised besides you
never know if the person reading your
cover letter is going to be a grammar
stickler like me whoa yeah so this guy
is a really cancerous view of the
English
language I don't know if he works in
like an office for doing something but
like so like can you use words to be
pretentious yeah of course you can but
that's not like unique to use it utilize
but I mean in English we have so many
different synonyms that stand in for
other words there's so many different
connotations of different words I think
that I think that it's good like the
word utilize your body's not utilizing
the Ketones saying your body's not using
the ketones was just fine it's not about
being just fine you're arguing something
that nobody's arguing about literally
nobody in here is saying that that's not
fine do you understand that
oh really yeah like you're saying like
you keep saying like using you can use
use instead of utilize no one is saying
you can't say that no one has said that
I don't think all right having said that
maybe Becca's saying in the background
no no Becca's not arguing with me so I'm
not saying I'm not saying that you can't
use use instead of utilize 99% of the
time it probably fits that's not my
argument what I'm saying is that we have
a lot of different words in the English
language because we get a lot of
different flavor from different words
and that it's okay to employ some and
other means and and others and others
like I mean what I'm saying is the way
people employ the word utilize may not
be yeah sure that's not unique to the
word utilize that could apply it to
literally any word ever mice utilize
more than other words and you know it
really does that's why there's a [ __ ]
that's why the grammar stickler had an
article about it just now right you
can't find that about every word I can't
just Google that and I mean I could find
that about the phrase like I can I can
find it about the phrase begging the
question and I'm sure there's a ton of
other things I could find this about
yeah there's some stuff there's like the
fact that when people say the fact that
that's sure or sometimes Brit bonkers I
think in America we say we do something
on accident but in Britain they say by
accident only a few terms that of
thousands and thousands of terms are a
few words you know yes and I understand
okay okay the problem is that there is a
particular argument you can use against
this word being used incorrectly or or
to potentially by a lot of people I
agree with that but the caution I'm
saying is don't extract a general
universal argument for that you can
apply to every single where the English
language so if you're saying hey I think
we look light everywhere English
language okay but it sounds like the
arguments that you're making like
because if you see if your arguments
were only hey you know a lot of people
use utilize and it feels really
retention when they do it it was like
okay I did not apply say but when you
say
but-but-but your argument to support
that wasn't primarily that a lot of
people use you know utilize spending you
know a lot of people use utilizing
they're being really pretentious mova
the argument used to supply it was why
use utilize when you could just use
another word that's a general universal
argument that I could extract from that
and I could apply that to anything
why use despondent when I could use
really sad why use despair when I could
just say like you know argument for why
not to use utilized wasn't good is what
you're saying what I'm saying is that
the argument can be extracted and
applied to any other word in the English
language it has a synonym that's easier
to understand I'm not talking about
easier to understand people understand
what utilize is like for instance I said
earlier I said employ an argument we
said employ an argument why not use an
argument right let me let me saying is
that using utilize doesn't usually add
something to the sentence compared to
using use whereas but that's not true
Ogden does add something compared to a
very set you know but that's not
necessarily true utilize carries a
connotation with it they can add more
flavor to a sentence or make something
yeah but I'm saying it's unusual use I
need you to understand this you're
making two arguments a don't say you
can't use one instead of the other or
you can use want to say say some people
use this to be pretentious cuz that's a
totally different given I agree with
that okay okay but I have two arguments
then okay some people use this
particular pretentious is one yep I
agree with that one hundred my other one
is that this word more than others is
used in situations where it doesn't add
to a sentence that's the same as the
first one no cuz because the people
using it when it shouldn't be used or
probably okay then that could be a third
argument as long as you don't say you
shouldn't use utilize because other
times you could just use a simpler word
I don't like that argument because
there's a ton of there is a plethora of
words okay a lot a cornucopia of okay a
tremendous amount of words that you
could substitute in other words for to
make them simpler whatever but then you
lose so much flavor in the English
language you don't to do that yeah but
with utilize you don't lose much flavor
but you can okay can you give me one
example
it just it has a connotation to it the
utilization of resources for a certain
would be really hard for you to have to
like Google like an example whereas
whereas with the word like how about
sure your body utilizes your body
utilizes ketones instead of is a glucose
or glycogen or whatever I don't know
what keep doing supposed to take the
place over the crabs like oh but your
body you utilize the ketones for energy
I think sounds better that makes more
sense to me that your body utilizes
something for energy then your body uses
something for energy uses just doesn't
feel right their body uses carbohydrates
for energy feels completely fine
compared to your body utilizes compar
behind strands energy sounds completely
fine to me it I don't know carbohydrates
if we were to think about yeah it does
it does it does sounds yeah your body
utilizes carbohydrates and energy we
wouldn't speak about like we wouldn't
speak about like the usage of cars we
take like the utilization of something
whatever it like it's just it's not
wrong like it can't be done I'm just
saying that the other word carries with
it a slightly different connotation it
okay but your body uses carbohydrates it
does okay it's not wrong neither one is
what is utilize meaning in that sentence
I'm like it like you take something and
then you're kind of using it for a
greater purpose you're extracting some
utility out of it you're utilizing
something and what is used mean in that
sense it's use is so much more vague and
generalized I don't know use can mean a
lot of things but in that sentence what
does it mean well in that sentence I
imagine I mean the same thing but this
is like prescriptive versus descriptive
use of love language like there's we can
employ so that wasn't your example not
the best example no because every part
where you can employ utilize you can
probably use use as well every say
utilizes a different connotation
no cuz not every single time you can use
utilize you can use use just the one
you're just read with the witch cauldron
you can't use use because as a cauldron
isn't usually used for that no you
absolutely can wait what was the example
I mean you could but it does exactly
there you go you can you know in that
situation it actually started different
because it's not the normal use of the
thing you're bought you're the normal
use of the [ __ ] carbohydrate in your
body is for energy no hold on hold on
that's not true let's say that somebody
walks into a witch's house they go ders
I can I say oh [ __ ] like the witch
grabbed the pot and she used it as a
weapon
you don't normally use pots as weapons
but would it sound better to say she
used it as a weapon or she utilized it
as a weapon actually sounds better so
use there okay so which is the opposite
of will be the rule that you just
establish so ISO utilizes completely
useless thank you for proving my point
okay if you got you got a point you got
it in I think that we should eliminate
like half the English language and we
should just make use all the same one
word that's how I'm saying you took it
and generalize it to the entire English
language I'm talking about a single word
and then you say that I'd make the same
logical okay with it being a simple word
no I'm okay with it being so stupid one
single word and then you say oh yeah we
should take the whole English language
and just blah blah blah I'm just saying
this one word isn't that you think you
can't say that one word when you're
using an argument that you know all
English language let's just generalize
this let's make your argument incorrect
by saying I'm gonna generalize this
because in another situation where you
replace the word it's fine
you know and it sounds better I'm gonna
say that because you're trying to
replace the word to make it sound better
than remember you know okay here's what
you're doing here are two statements
okay I'm going to kill John because I
hate John as a person okay okay tell me
something you've rehearsed and this is
off the dome okay John because I hate
John okay wow that person wants to kill
John and it sounds like he personally
knows John and he wants to any ace John
he's gonna kill John that I can't
extract like a universal claim or a
universal thing from that that I think
that purse is going to do all over the
world now if that guy is going to say
I'm gonna kill John because he's got
brown hair then it's like wait hold on
dude there's tons of [ __ ] people with
brown hair that's a dangerous statement
and then you're like we'll hold on I
just said I'm gonna kill John okay what
do you mean judge good you got brown
hair I'm just gonna kill John okay but
one of the arguments used for killing
him was that he had brown hair there's a
lot of people brown hair so when you
tell me about the word utilize okay I
already conceded the point that me
saying that you know I'm saying it
you're doing the train tricks on me okay
you can't say no I can see it at this
point when you have it to see the point
okay because what you're saying is you
using you're utilizing an argument okay
I've already conceded the point that it
wasn't the best argument to say that you
could use the other word instead because
in a lot of situations you can use
another word instead okay that that made
sense okay but I was saying that in this
specific word utilized it doesn't add as
much as a sentence comparing it to use
as a word like depressed compared to sad
or despondent or whatever the [ __ ] you
know it does it doesn't add as much it
doesn't have as much flavor to it
there's other words where it adds so
much it adds as much as a sentence so
there's like a level
it's just - we can spend a lot of time
finding words like this right okay but
this is one of the specific ones that's
pointed out a lot by you know [ __ ]
when you say pointed out a lot you
pointed to one article of somebody that
sounds like there's I actually read a
book where the elements of style yeah
never use the word utilize because it
often takes people use it incorrectly
like there are certain that's not why I
said it it said that it should never be
used in any sentence okay I mean I would
say the same thing if you control off
any college paper you've ever written
you could probably look at the word of
that that's a word that you can almost
always remove from your writing that you
can almost like okay sometimes you need
it to start the restrictive clause
sometimes but like 95% of the time if
you control off if you have an English
paper and you've got the word of that in
it you can almost always just get rid of
the word and your sense will still
actually make sense yeah but sometimes
it doesn't flow as well and you might
want to have it but with utilizes very
rarely does the word of that etat flow
it's usually ruining like I think I
think the more words you take out the
better it is most the time and I agree
with that okay but what your point
you're bringing up has is not I'm gonna
would tweet at merriam-webster and let's
try to get there move utilize let's try
to get the word utilizing Roofing Inc
thrown out okay no that's cool it you
read that book too um that was nice that
I had a reference for when you said that
I just looked at one article because I
was like BAM got you right back no I'd
haven't just look at what I to go sure
The Elements of Style is used for
writing essays for like writing college
papers it's not necessarily used for
literary works which is more what I'm
talking about
right and in elements of style you're
not I could be wrong I don't remember
the book super well but I don't think
that that's a book we're like I want to
get into writing novels somebody would
be like oh well check out the elements
of style like well that's not
necessarily a book for creative people
who wrote novels it might be but I but
my general impression I don't know what
they wrote in terms of novelization but
my general impression of the elements of
style was that people writing essays
that what it helps you do is it helps
you simplify your writing it helps you
make it writing far more concise you
might have read it to help you write
read as to help you write essays cuz you
read it in school but that's not
necessarily what it was for was for
writing in general okay maybe I'll buy
the book and I'll read it again but like
it seems like a the why I know what it
I've read it in high school for writing
I say it's yep did anyone in chat about
opinions because The Elements of Style
seemed like essentially what it
encourage you to do is go back through
your writing and hack out a whole bunch
of a relevant [ __ ] that was like the
summary of the book was to go yeah
that's her gravity
yeah but that's not something that you
necessarily want in like fiction in like
