hello oh can you hear me now
alright here you know what do you got
for me okay awesome so I you know as you
probably not sure if you remember um
about I'm a political science major in
California there's like a few different
things that kind of wanted to go over
but one of them that's like really been
on my mind is like so throughout high
school um you definitely get this sense
of because I was especially you know
into the whole Dave Rubin like auntie
SJW I always like told myself Eileen's
left or whatever and I was like a true
liberal or whatever but a big thing that
I was really curious about going up to
college was the left bias that that a
lot of like the right and especially
like the intellectual darkweb and all
them talked about and obviously I don't
I mean I haven't I don't know exactly
like specific data on this but if I were
to assume I would assume that you know
most professors do lean left and I would
assume that this does you know possibly
play a role into their teachings and the
only reason why I specified the fact
that I'm in California is because like I
don't want to generalize my experience
to the the you know the broad range of
all university is especially [ __ ]
private Christian universities and all
that ship I've definitely noticed here
yeah I've you know I've not had one
professor aside from a communications
professor who wasn't left-leaning and it
wasn't you know relative relatively
obvious and their teachings not to say
that nothing that they taught was untrue
but I just kind of wanted to know your
thoughts on it whether or not you
thought it was a problem because in a
sense it's like okay I do like the fact
that um
you know I feel like the left is just
more engaged in academia in general so
you know of course left-wing ideas are
gonna be brought about throughout you
know a college campus where like
academia is where it's at but yeah but
at the same time it's like you know I
don't necessarily to become
sort of affective indoctrination machine
Adam what do you think I mean I think
it's a problem for sure but I think the
problem is that like conservatism like
is so anti intellectual or anti academic
I think that's like the big problem I
mean right it's really important to
represent both sides so that neither
side like pulls off into any extreme
direction but right right right
and that's kind of where I wanted to go
from there is I I genuinely feel as
though like reactionary beliefs and like
one thing I want to do like after I
graduate is go to grad school for a
political theory and something that I've
just really noticed is how throughout
the years
like you're you're absolutely right
conservatism and like reactionary
beliefs are just so anti academia and
science you know it's like and it's
always about this narrative of academia
on the side a side exactly should show
the other side you know where's the
other side about evolution and then it
you know now it's about climate change
and now that we're discovering new
things about the social sciences it's
like conservatives today probably don't
like acknowledge any real social science
other than thought fake [ __ ] or even
science or they'll say like psychology
is a social science now and it isn't a
real science right yeah right right
right
and and it's a problem because we need
to start treating social science and
obviously it's a lot harder to measure
in the same way like political studies
and like other social science studies as
we can like with you know biology or
physics but we I think especially you
know I know you and I both agree
particularly with a more determinist
materialist perspective on like how
humans have you know behave and
cause-effect relationships and I think
it's important to you know start viewing
social sciences through this lens and
it's it's really it's really annoying
particularly even when I'm talking to
other to other people who are on the
left but don't have a background or even
really understand the social science I
all describe to them like oh you know
like these are the reasons why why we're
having like an insurgence or like maybe
this is possibly possible reasons why we
got Trump and they'll almost like take
my reasons as like justifications or
like or
or even when I you know you described
like any sort of like terrorist attacks
these are you know the reasons or the
preconditions that like led somebody to
do this and it's like I'm not I'm not
giving the normative statement that
these things are good but like but like
brent is like we get attacked on 9/11
because of our [ __ ] run in Middle
East and then a lot of conservatives
ever like oh so you think it was right
for them to attack us right right
exactly exactly no definitely definitely
on that route yeah so III think that
like a lot of it is you had a
conversation with somebody or you're
having a conversation with a few your
mic cut aha you said you're having
conversations oh sorry yeah somebody
called me using my phone so somebody so
you're having a conversation with a
couple people about like Oh like
obviously and public figures like
they're talking about like you know you
got a back there's a stigma hassanein
like how you gotta be able to like back
up your statements or reverence huh
and then if somebody was saying
something like you know do we have kind
of like a responsibility to learn
philosophy and and philosophy the thing
is is I genuinely don't believe that
everybody is even capable of
understanding philosophy even if they
were to put the time and work into it
because I mean the amount of
conversations that I've had with people
who are political but not enough to
where you know it [ __ ] like runs
their lives as much as it runs mine you
know they they are incapable of thinking
about things from a meta perspective and
not like a game with hypotheticals like
stuff like that oh yeah they're like and
it's like oh that analogy different
therefore yeah I run into this a lot I
have to I can't agree with you I have to
believe that people are capable of doing
it but like ya know it's very
frustrating when it's like well you know
okay like do you think it's okay to kill
people sometimes like yeah sure okay
well what about like if someone's
breaking in my house was like well okay
sure if so I'm speaking to house well
but hold on like is your gun loaded or
they'll ask a question and it's like
this doesn't have anything to do with
like what I'm a spy or like you're
trying to use
hypothetical and then like so I do this
and like people like like this doesn't
match I was like well no it it's a
perfect match it is you're just like
you're focusing on things that don't
matter
and then people will get mad at me when
I use like extreme hypotheticals like
well I'm using an extreme hypothetical
because I'm trying to isolate the
variable because if I if the
hypothetical isn't like extremely
pointed you're gonna look at some [ __ ]
that's not even [ __ ] related to it
yeah right and they don't even make like
a conscious effort to understand like
analogous reasoning or like how the or
how it what's it called how the how the
analogy is with what is trying to
illustrate actually like what's the
argument and what's the point is trying
to illustrate yeah and I mean I mean but
dude honestly like I mean maybe you have
like how better for at these problem is
you're talking time so people all the
time but I don't know I genuinely don't
because even with the latest gun debate
that you had like he was so incapable of
understanding how his logic tree didn't
follow and intuitively it's like so
correct it's like oh yeah it's like you
think that like you know increase to
right gun laws if it makes them more
violent like why are all these states
like not as violent but it's like that's
not the argument being presented and
even when you [ __ ] like draw it out
for him like with a [ __ ] pencil like
he is still incapable I got really lost
yet I really frustrating yeah the only
other thing I wanted to talk about was
are you aware of like the the political
tests like where it like graphs you on a
scale I'm sure I'm sure you see the
political compass yeah seem like a lot
of those types of things yeah yeah yeah
it's like it's it's interesting because
it's nice to like almost try to attempt
to like graph you know political beliefs
in that way but it there's so many
things that like those types of graphs
can't really tell you about somebody's
new ideas and it's so frustrating
because it's like conservatives
especially you've had another
conversation about this recently where
they have this extremely surface level
understanding about political ideology
to where it's like big government versus
yeah and it's like big that's literally
the lens to achieve everything so like
they look at like big government and
they're like this is literally socialism
and then national socialism has
socialism so any big government is the
same as Nazi Germany and it's like too
like that the analogy that I use there
is like I'm in like I'm in one building
with like a blue room and then upstairs
there's a red room and then like in
another in a totally different building
there might also be a red room and
people think that like if you walk
upstairs in one building you'll appear
in another just because the rooms are
similar color and it's like the dumbest
like understanding about this is so
stupid right right right
right no yeah absolutely and even like
my my history teacher he he always like
told us like he would never tell us his
political beliefs right it was so
[ __ ] obvious like he was right-wing
just based on my you know like like one
time he was like trying to show us like
the difference between socialists on the
capitalism right for socialism he showed
us this like CNN interview with Michael
Moore and like there was just like a
heated argument and then for capitalism
he showed us like this like eloquent
speech by Milton Friedman and yeah of
course like like not even calm or when
conservatives try to clean people that
they think agree with them like when
conservatives try to say things like
Martin Luther King would have agreed
like oh my god like or or like or like
George oh well if you read nineteen if
we're drug Orwell learns a lot or our
warns us about like extreme love is like
no what are you talk yeah no it's it's
it's so bad and especially the lack of
history between party lines they think
that the Democrat Party has always been
like the party of the left or something
like that sure like the Democrats like
we're against civil rights and the
Republicans were the ones that exactly
well I mean like all you have to know in
order if like anybody ever brings like
oh you know like this person was a
Republican or like I don't know when it
whenever they draw a party lines all you
need to understand is like literally the
reason effectively the reason why the
party switched was because [ __ ]
conservatives were so goddamn racist it
was because right when FDR a Democrat
who Democrats at the time were pretty
prominent in the South started
implementing like
heavy heavy like sports ago like social
welfare our policies and all that that's
when that's when the retik the rhetoric
was essentially been able to use in the
southern seas where they were like no
like these these all these [ __ ] black
people are like taking away you like
you're like they're the ones who are
like depriving the system like they want
your your social benefits which is sort
of what made like the south flip into a
more like okay like maybe we don't need
as many social but they but they do they
love like Medicare Medicaid Social
Security that they are the only reason
why they think that they're so just like
Pro or like anti social safety net is
because of like the racist dog whistling
that's like these goddamn thugs and
there's a I'm sure I'm sure you've heard
of us for just in case I wanna shadows I
guess there's an interesting study that
was done that showed that ask people how
they thought about like certain welfare
measures and based on whether or not
like you demonstrated these by showing
pictures of black people or white people
it would change the way really yeah like
if you chode like if you show people
like pictures of like black people first
then they were less likely to be on
board with that type of well with
certain welfare programs but have you
showed people pictures of white people
they would think that it's like it more
acceptable yeah yeah no it's
unbelievable and it's also unbelievable
every day when I like your studies like
that like just thinking about how much
your victims to our own psychology like
we really like we're just [ __ ] victim
to our brain and our brain doesn't give
like a [ __ ] like it it associates you
know certain things with like negatives
or positives or whatever and it's like
we can't help but have implicit biases
or you can just like be aware of them as
all I ask for when I try to do it yeah
yeah if you want I could just give you a
brief abortion argument only because I
think I feel like I understand you're
gonna give me or hit me up with your
taker okay just do it go okay all right
so Destiny's like ethical framework is
essentially like descriptive egoist
right you believe that no but you
believe that and the owner
want to extend rights to others because
if you were in their situation you could
want it to be good for you and so and in
the case of like a fetus you wouldn't
want to be aborted right so is that is
that a good summarization yeah okay so
the problem is but at least within the
first two TriMet especially is you
there's no you being a fetus and not
wanting to be aborted because there is
no you because you are essentially your
consciousness and there's no
consciousness in a fetus so it is like
incapable of having wants or desires
subscribe
technically like the the material makeup
in which that makes your body now as
part of parts of it may have existed but
but you has a conscious being
you didn't come into existence until
about the third trimester so that that's
essentially what I would say is the only
like front from why I think it makes
more logical sense to if you want to
value like respect the desires of others
it would only make sense to respect
things that are even capable of having
desires because it's not it's not like
something to be a first trimester fetus
but it is like something to be a third
trimester you understand what I'm saying
kind of yeah sure all right what about
killing people that are sleeping they'll
help me with this one so okay this is a
tricky one and admittedly I fell short
when I decided to I thought it would be
fun my freshman year of college to go up
against Ben Shapiro and end up on one of
those compilations wait did you email me
I did I don't know if I watched this
didn't I possibly I think you can mail
me you email me a video where you you
asked me to address your abortion
argument you emailed me a video of you
and a crowd asking Ben Shapiro question
on it didn't you um do you remember
doing this would you not remember me
it was it a while ago it was a while on
in always someone else in chat seeing it
was them okay nevermind maybe I do have
ok never and somebody try to say okay go
no it's all good I feel like you would
remember duty moments but yeah yeah I
mean I've probably melted like I have
three top three or four - I don't know
whatever but so so when it comes to that
that is the tricky one and the only
thing I could say to that
I mean well the thing is is I'd say that
first of all in somebody who's in a coma
I'm not sure if their sentence dies
completely I think that I'm not I'm not
necessarily I guess equipped enough with
the evidence to know whether or not and
I don't know if we are as a society to
know whether or not they are still
having conscious slot thoughts or like
being a sleeping person but I don't
think you necessarily lose sentience and
obviously where you where you can tell
where I'm coming from this I'm I'm
somewhat that's where up where I come
from I care about sentience I'm like a
vegan and all about [ __ ] I so today I
although someone is I guess when we say
unconscious when someone's sleeping I
don't necessarily know if that Ness
means that they're no longer if they're
in sentient or incapable of they're
still they're still having thoughts
they're just not I don't know it is not
in a different state of mind I guess and
so like when you go into a coma which
you may wake up or um you're asleep it's
not necessarily you lose sentience and
that's where I felt venture pure oh I I
was he was like because I was like Oh
sentience is what like makes me he was
like okay so he's like what about you
when you're asleep I was like I don't
think you lose 17 something he was like
what about when you're in a coma and I
was like yeah that's a really hard one I
mean cuz like so like I feel like a good
argument that you could use against me
this is one that I've kind of thought of
over the last couple hours a good
argument you could use against me is I'm
not really concerned with what happens
with dead people because once you're
dead you're you're dead right you're
doesn't exist anymore all that you
you're not capable of conceiving of any
consequences to happening so if you want
to [ __ ] my body or whatever it's
whatever so like what is the difference
what is the material difference being
like a dead person and then like
something that hasn't yet developed like
a conscious so I saw like a child or
whatever which I and I guess you could
kind of point to that psyche well so
like a child is incapable of conceiving
like anything in regards to it so like
killing a child is the same thing as
like when I say child I mean like like a
fetus
well something before six months all
killing a child is the equivalent to
like killing a killing
corpse-like you can't really do it but
then I guess yeah but then I run into
things where it's like I think that the
sleeping thing is legitimate and maybe
maybe that's true like you know if you
kill somebody that's sleeping like the
person really doesn't know and then they
die so it's whatever afterwards right
yeah I'm not sure I don't know I mean
it's it does get tricky and I almost
want to go down a route where it's like
well you can cause you know secondhand
secondhand harm by like killing
somebody's friend or something like that
like obviously in a man it's like where
they don't have friends or or it's like
you know this person is sleeping and
nobody will ever know if you ever killed
them as a you know I don't know yeah I
guess it would also just come from
respecting the desires of things that
have been sent whereas when you're a
fetus you haven't in the past I don't
know I don't know them
oh yeah that's true I mean use the
sleeping argument you can almost sneak
that and to arguing for killing anybody
right like I could painlessly kill you
right now like well once you're dead you
can no longer evaluate that scenario so
is that even right yeah I don't know
like it's really weird
[ __ ] Marley okay have fun buddy
[Music]
