I'm cran for sexual for sexual
harrassment know anybody's girl plane
ticket to Amanda hobo cuddles girl offer
Gerlich reason sex guy agrees probe X
out guys fine I think oral reports guide
for sexual harassment guy his ban
indefinitely guy cancels girls plane
ticket home and kicked her out of hotel
as the livestream panels comment so take
it for an assault
holy [ __ ] hold on so much to read sorry
guys I saw this guy getting banned from
the all games whatever I don't know that
what did he actually do anything wrong
what the [ __ ] happened
I thought those so you're reading about
yeah was that but I mean I was getting
all the messages that seem like you're
doing anything wrong
he gave me tell you basically he invited
some girl to go to an event they I think
he said that he wanted to hang out but
he it seemed like he was being pretty
explicit that there was like no pressure
or whatever and then I guess she
reported him for sexual harassment I
don't know I don't know what her side of
the story is Jennifer but he like dumped
like all their [ __ ] like he dumped a
lot of [ __ ] shout logs he dumped a
lot of chat logs Lily got it here is
where he went wrong oh nevermind there
is the meme apparently she didn't want
to sleep with it when he said that
that's fine if we didn't have sex but um
she still needs to sleep in the same bed
as me uh yeah I read the tweet
I mean she has every right to back out
and technically I mean he has every
right to cancel her ticket right Cory
sleeping at me saying bad thing would be
a nice favor to him but he's not a but
he's not obligated she's not obligated
to but then him buying the ticket for
her something he's not obligated to do
do you have an answer for the Jesse Lee
Peterson mean what is a man question
or I mean if she well actually if she
originally agreed okay but nevermind if
she originally agreed to sleep with him
or whatever for the ticket even
non-sexually if she backs out of it then
he has every right to back out of his
tank for I don't understand how any of
this could get you banned from games
done quick but my game crashed though
serious okay if I get I'll review this
then we'll podcast I don't know okay yep
good luck bye
all right well read it all [ __ ] it
all right just let me end one to us and
that's all I want to do all right how
much of this do I really want to dive
into
nice ma'am okay it's new you don't
deserve to sit out with spending time
with friends I've got a guy who's a
member right now but he has another
place that he's able to stay minions
I've talked to a cop and he didn't mind
having a bit mate he didn't mind
anything baby my choice he said I could
pay for the room over two months anyways
it means your room portion wouldn't be
anything away but I could probably get
you at least so sort of flat out a third
how good help me pay for my flight when
I didn't have the money so suddenly I
like to help you - are you for real
oh my god I'm pretty sure about anything
but I'll be honest I made a post back on
to her basically asked for risking
anyone's going if who was going if they
would be my bed mate I've horrible
insomnia and I stayed awake for if
you're reading this you've been in a
coma for all month nice meme wait for so
many hours my previous gdq's when I
didn't want to sleep next to that I felt
I trusted obviously it's a crazy thing I
know but everyone knows who knew slash
something like that it was nothing no no
no that's what I mean I start kind of
one time to think about it he would just
pay for my plane ticket though there
would be any obligation for us to hang
together with the same group of people
anything like that lol but I don't you
know the options aren't open take the
evening or however long you need to
think about it I've got the option just
go here
[Music]
ye-yeah
it'll probably be a lot right such short
notice oh yeah we better hang a lot I
can check whatever would you be going
out of Greenville South Carolina said
Greenville Spartanburg it's not like
that I mean just rigs you know I live in
easily my sis pretty good huh awesome
looks like two different airports all
the tickets gonna was you know what if
it was adults think you could arrive
right around time I would at the same
Airport kinda meet you at the gate and
we could just wait for everyone to pick
us up dang to Asheville I'm sorry I
choose how many votes fresh hold for 75
was for the Greenville Spartanburg
damn she's being picky about the ticket
the guy is [ __ ] paying for holy [ __ ]
oh that's gonna be an Omega yikes for me
I reload my opposed to be a lot more
freedom and planning your flights to
inform you sure this is crazy it's quite
a looker we were talking about you two
together I'd be people let's say sugar
ribeye guess what you don't mind really
it's all so crazy Perry would ago
infliction mess up I say why myself like
ouch the ball drop for New Year's it saw
some crazy sky amazing I want you to be
able to sleep I want to see anything
look do you know what am I going lightly
I'm going to be person a person bailed
over here being alone just sucks I was
alone on New Year's doing a nothing but
smoking bullet republics and I just saw
2018 felt like I was used and tossed
aside being alone it sucks past ten
years of my laughing about someone for
seven years but for the 11 / two years I
was about anyone
mmm my therapy pit wall never dealt with
being alone well never I don't say well
when I'm alone I'm a cuddler I like to
snuggle / touch but it's the only way
I've ever been able to sleep okay I
could literally spoon her a 90-pound big
baby pit and she would just lay under
the pillow so I had to grow my own Chi
soup something something I could
constantly
I just went craziness on it I don't care
if it's crazy on Medicare oh I really be
able to cuz I don't care people like
white I think we were talking why does
that matter what I don't sing saying I
already know that Taylor has her friend
Lexi water colored roses cause I love to
cuddle two people can lay on the same
bed such color whatever his friends if
they need to I mean I don't know there's
huge interest in being a social animal
section one people just jump to the
voicing I think of Mari if something
happens life is going to take squared my
laying on a different layer sheets lush
blanket say something I was the guy that
when to my first second gdq and didn't
have an absolute single person I was
alone it sucked if I never started the
work that I don't know know who I was
Mario you're right I should agree
building photo
for real though I'm all about some
cuddles if someone puts weight / the
head on my dress something like that I'm
not like a baby I'm just saying it'd be
a nice change of pace in the New Year at
least something nice for the time being
you know and I do think there's a
natural chemistry / bubbliness there I'm
glad that you'll go obviously figure out
what's going on with the head stuff
don't buy the return ticket yeah well
return flight be at the same place I
leave from I got to do some planning I'm
gonna cuddle the [ __ ] out of y'all
basically you have to worry about are
these things your right at the airport
in South Carolina also who pick up in
South Carolina
I'm excited - we definitely did have an
all of a sudden I feel like I just want
you do it what day are we arriving agdq
[Music]
got a degree in cuddling holy [ __ ] whoo
oh [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
takes a lot of balls to really seize
logs knife in alive boys are gonna have
their owner ourselves
[Music]
22 months head Pat me senpai
I sure I asked my cuddles actually I
have like a specific set of rules when I
just hook up or just call it both and so
I just want to know are we going to
cuddle or are you down to [ __ ] or
anything like that I don't want to cut
your feelings or anything I don't want
to date or anything after this and I
don't really holding hands I usually
don't like mixing cuddling and sex just
make sure there's no if anything so we
should I was okay with you there like
it's just going to be physical I mean
you know they're friends but I don't
know I tried to not cuddle or bang
friend feel anything about it so I make
sure but let's talk after Judy was over
it's only worth having a fixed set of
rules right hook everything like that
like I said in the get-go I don't want
you to feel like anything's fish anyway
otherwise you're never gonna marry of
cuddling on that's what happens there's
that b8ed feelings matter other than
just my dreams I personally dry while
having sex for example I've got bondage
slash stuff to strap hands and ankles
with it's it's something you'd ever be
interested [ __ ] [ __ ] ramp this up real
quick
I'm down for whatever really I just want
to make sure you're okay I like being
dominated
and I call you sir or master
wait so what the [ __ ] happened holy
yikes
please tell me private okay
so what did the guy get actually banned
for doesn't look at her pictures what
pictures look at her pictures
did she release logs to or what
[Music]
no they just mean how she looks oh there
is nothing to [ __ ] do it anything your
[ __ ] insult someone changing their
minds in the moment isn't grounds for
kicking them out of the [ __ ] bed in
Rome and canceling their trip home nope
that is absolutely not true nah sorry
she totally if she wants to leave at any
point in time that's totally cool but
you shouldn't be surprised to get all
your [ __ ] canceled I mean I'm sorry nah
no way dude if I try if I I'm tryin to
think in this case if I'm talking to a
chick we're gonna go and we're gonna
hook up although I probably wouldn't do
it cuz I'm super nice I'm really chill
but I could totally see it happening
right and then the purse is like well I
don't think I would ever do it cuz I'm a
pushover but like I could totally see it
happening
what if somebody did it to me if I would
have meet up with somebody else with the
intention of [ __ ] them we get there
and I'm like I'm not feeling it at all
sorry I would just leave I would leave
and take care of my own [ __ ] I wouldn't
um I wouldn't expect them to still cover
[ __ ] for me no way that would be super
[ __ ] uncomfortable
no [ __ ] way would you pay for
someone's flight to [ __ ] in the first
place hell yeah but if I can't believe I
would boy depends on who it is yeah
we'll go that one it depends on who it
is there was no agreement tied to the
ticket it's still a huge dick move to
cancel return trip what do you mean
there's no agreement there's like an
implicit there's some implicit should
going on here come on my dude I mean if
you want to if you want to go as far as
a well there's no agreement that use
money then there's no like real
agreement that he would buy the return
ticket like I mean like if you were to
show up and like totally [ __ ] like
like I don't want to [ __ ] [ __ ] to do
with you that's fine and that's her
right but she probably needs a different
place to stay and probably needs to find
a different way home it's obvious she's
financially not capable of paying for
own stuff sounds like she couldn't
afford to get home which is why this has
gone south sounds like she probably
shouldn't have made this arrangement
then or she should have been more
responsible about it and approached it
as more of like a prostitution thing
than a thing that she could just go back
on at any point in time right like I'm
explicitly [ __ ] this guy in exchange
for getting a ticket and I understand
that's like what I'm doing here and
that's it and then obviously if you know
if I'm if I'm gonna [ __ ] a hooker and
she you know is like well hold on I want
to [ __ ] anymore it's like okay that's
cool you can make that decision but I
want my [ __ ] money back what the [ __ ]
like I'm not
what the flag did I mean like I mean
like this is this is set up like pretty
hardcore is like like a sort of exchange
of services here and the guy didn't even
technically go sexual although again
even with cuddling she has every right
to go back on that which is totally fine
it's absolutely her choice but to expect
somebody to continue to cover your way
and everything after that oh I don't
think so
no sorry about that now there are other
parts to this story
hold on so let's let's spin it from the
other angle okay there are other parts
to this story that we don't know that
she hasn't released anything of that
would not only totally vindicate her but
would put the guy entirely in the wrong
so for instance if they were cuddling or
whatever and the guy was continually
trying to [ __ ] her after she explicitly
made it clear multiple times that she
didn't want to [ __ ] him and then she was
like listen like I can't even [ __ ] be
in the same bed with you like I'll sleep
in the same room I'll sleep on the floor
if you want but I'm not gonna sleep with
you after like because you won't [ __ ]
chill in that case her story would
become a lot more reasonable and then I
could see that the guy being like
totally in the wrong hair but I'm [ __ ] I
mean how do we ever know I don't know it
would depend on what she this is what we
call the ungood love and joy method in
hip-hop parlance just ask future
yeah the thing is is that like I'm more
inclined to believe the guy here maybe I
shouldn't be because he went [ __ ]
nuclear like anybody who is like willing
to dump that many [ __ ] logs doesn't
seem like they have [ __ ] to hide like he
just [ __ ] he doesn't [ __ ] released
at all
right it reminds me of like the Ford how
she answered like every single [ __ ]
question and Kavanaugh was like or I
don't know like I don't know man like he
just [ __ ] dumped it all here he
doesn't seem like he has anything to
hide but um I mean it's it's still
possible that something happened in the
room I guess we can never really know
that huh or he's autistic and doesn't
know how I could possibly wrong / rapey
yeah it is possible it is possible that
that happened he honestly he looks
really responsible in text messages now
especially with [ __ ] gamers it's
possible that he's okay via text and not
okay in person which is one of the
reasons why it's very [ __ ] important
to meet somebody in real life because
it's gonna be a way different experience
seeing somebody real life versus um you
know meeting them in text but his text
messages seem really really responsibly
done even if something happened in the
room doesn't guy have every right to
kick her out of her room and cancel her
ticket well yeah but I mean technically
he still does but then he's a huge dick
he's like not legally or contraction on
the run but like ethically I wrong if I
like him talking to chicks like hey like
I just watch somebody sleeping cuddle
with and then they were my bed and all
my constant kind of grab their ass for
some [ __ ] like yo I don't want to do
this like what the [ __ ] like I thought
we were doing this like oh we'll get the
[ __ ] out of my room then I'm gonna
canceling your ticket
like I don't know that feels like a much
bigger dick move you know
it seems a little weird that she went
real hard on [ __ ] him in text when
she could have just kept plausible
deniability and gotten free room such
tickets things might have gone south
during the interaction that's that's
what I feel and there's like a
dissonance here it's very hard in text
message so there's two big things he's
gone for our one in texting he seems
like he's handling himself really
responsibly he's constantly saying
there's no pressure and everything which
is good so he's got that one thing going
for him in a second like just [ __ ]
dumping logs like this like damn
okay sure however she also looks really
into things here and seems like
everything's fine which leads me to
think that something probably happened
during the interaction that's kind of
what it seems like but but I mean like
[ __ ] we don't we can't like we're it's
really hard to know and we'll never will
never know more past that right unless
somebody like recorded it
she explicitly said she wanted to spend
the first today feel each other out if
she ended up not wanting to do it she
should have every right word at that
point hold on he can't withdraw her
flight home because she refuses when
they already an absolutely withdraw home
you should expect it to uh you should
expect it to happen okay what did you
say
just since he's the person with the
money here don't you think he should be
the one with the obligation to set the
terms of their so to speak contract with
orifice I mean yeah but like we're so
heavily implicit here it's like I mean
like when I read this like it looks to
me like I I feel pretty easily what's on
the table and I feel like they've kind
of like talked around it enough that it
seems pretty obvious like kind of what's
on the table I guess like I don't know
I'm trying to roll reverse like if
somebody was gonna fly me out somewhere
and we've explicitly talked about past
sleeping together like even [ __ ] and
everything and I want and it went by the
time I got there I didn't like the
person so much that I was gonna be
sleeping on the floor I would expect to
be trying to find a new place to stay
and a new place back home would and
probably never talking to this person
again cuz so Val [ __ ] everything would
be that would be like my expectation
yeah I mean I don't blame you for that I
just feel like if I had money the way
this guy has money haha girl then I feel
like I could I feel like that would give
me so much livre
to bypass consent with with people
staying over you know yeah and I kind of
like yeah I agree with that I totally
agree with that um but like the thing
that I like that he does here and I do
this in a lot of my messaging I
understand that it could still be like
seeing like or maybe it could still go
wrong but like he says like multiple
times like no pressure like there's no
pressure for anything or whatever and I
[ __ ] I have to go back and check I think
um she was even the one that was like
that like open to the door further
towards sexual activity and she did it
and she did it unprovoked I'm not saying
that like you know it's her fault or
anything yeah but I'm saying she was the
one that like if I was reading this if
this guy was like damn I mean he's like
hey do you think this chick is in with
me or like into me or whatever I be like
yeah she 107 wants to [ __ ] you like it's
painfully [ __ ] obvious like that's
what it read to me like pretty obviously
you know I'm seeing that too but and
again to be clear she can still revoke
like she doesn't have to go through with
anything but man I would not expect
somebody to continue to cover my room
and fly me back home after not wanting
anything to do with them over the week
like you're just coming at this you're
not coming at this with the same innate
distrust of men that I have so I feel
like I feel like you might be a bit
biased on this one state well no so like
um I mean I I mean I have a lot of
friends in the space and I have a very
[ __ ] low opinion of men in general
especially streamer related people so
like there are a lot of other cases
where I would agree with you here so for
instance like if they had bumped into
each other and she was in a desperate
situation and he offered then I'm I
would be way way way more willing to
come to your side on that but the fact
that this is taking place both people
are in very neutral environments she
hasn't committed to anything it's not
like she's going to games done quick and
now she needs a way back so she's
desperate or anything kind like both of
them like are very very very neutral
right now in terms with it and it seems
like she's very willingly entering into
this so like a lot of the things I'd be
worried about for power discrepancies
for wealth discrepancies or whatever are
kind of like at the side because they're
both in such a like she could totally
just say I don't want to go to GDQ this
week or this year whatever right I mean
the thing that would clear all this
ambiguity is if she just flatly said hey
just so you know even if I decide
they have sex with you am I still on for
the for the gifts that you're offering
me if people will just say that they can
clear up so much potential hurt down the
line yeah that's possible if she could
have said that maybe she didn't because
that maybe she thought she was sound
like a huge dick if she said yes
I sympathize I've been in the same
position as the guy I obviously didn't
make the decisions he did but I'm like
you know what you fly someone over and
things don't work out and you're still
kind of paying for them have you been in
that position you've got more money than
May I'm sure you all I'm saying it yeah
but I don't think I've had I'm trying to
think about had somebody black back in
three oh no I have yeah but um not but
not where I'm like providing like a room
and [ __ ] I'm not it not like in this
situation where someone who's like
relying on me for like transport in a
room I don't think I don't think so
they never back down with you well no no
I like I've had people do that before
but generally we just spend the rest of
the night chatting and then I like take
off at the end of the night and it's
usually fine yeah so I mean I don't know
what um yeah not not anything like this
I mean like like I said earlier like I
would probably still cover this stuff
because it's just money and I don't care
and I'm usually like a Eileen pretty on
the nice side when it comes to stuff
like this but if I was putting someone
else in this position I would totally be
trying to find my own way home
and I would be trying to find my own
place to stay because I would feel that
would feel like a super big imposition
like holy [ __ ] yeah I get you I mean
this is kind of a situation where wealth
disparity inherently implies a ya know
potential breach of concern I agree with
what you're saying I would normally like
like put a lot more weight into this but
the fact of the matter is like she made
these decisions at home without any
pressure it's not like she was currently
stranded and needed something or
anything you know
I guess yeah I haven't hey real quick I
know this guy wants to chat but I feel
really awkward just putting on like one
side of this story I feel super
irresponsible the problem guys is that
like what oh do you want me to do no
like I wants to con and chat but like
the problem is that like say I put this
guy on to chat and he comes on and he
says that they didn't do anything at all
whatsoever and everything was totally
chill until we find and then like the
girl comes out like a day later after
getting massive amounts of hate on the
internet cuz if I bring someone on like
that that's what's gonna happen she's
gonna get totally [ __ ] on and then she's
like hey by the way I'm into the cops
and I did a rape kit and the guy [ __ ]
me and it's like oh [ __ ] I [ __ ] up
hard I feel really really uncomfortable
if they both want to come on in chat
I'll do that but I feel super
uncomfortable is bring in one person I
know it's good connection there there's
always the chances were withdrawing
concern wait sorry what'd you say I said
you're projecting the narrative off
breaking news then
oh yeah like I I just feel like I feel
really really really bad I don't want to
just bring him like one side of like a
breaking thing like this cuz it's
hardcore I'm basically gonna be hardcore
siding with this guy if you can was on
to just tell his side of the story but
yeah if he can get her and they both
want to come on then yeah I'll do it
okay sorry hold on that's always a
chance of her withdrawing consent and he
should know that he made it clear I'm
not gonna leave you stranded or anything
like that
yeah I don't know just I said my face
okay what's up Saigon thanks real quick
I want to interject with the bring the
guy on first
don't bring the guy on second you don't
bring both of them on because it's a
[ __ ] circus I like that I want that's
like if they both want to come on I 100
listen you don't have to bring my to
your stream okay but if both let it go
on I would that's some good-ass content
I mean I definitely know Alyssa it is we
talk about your responsibilities in
shows this is the next level of
irresponsibility this isn't actually
[ __ ] like hey I'd give them both a
platform to say their speech dr. fill it
out what's up Lucas mr. moutains name is
Lucas no it is [ __ ] mr. Minton come
on what are you doing this is a [ __ ]
nickname Lucas is a really cool name I'm
not hating I like it is
not the name of that character and smash
from earthbound let'em John if you want
some news comes up that he lied to you
than that then that's that he is a
scumbag littleman the problem is that
retractions and media are worthless like
the initial story is always going to be
carried with way more fervor than any
retraction well so it's not yeah and
then even if it isn't destiny gets to be
the guy that let this guy lie on the
stream so is it bad to plotted to lose
someone or like I guess bring him on if
they're just like telling their side and
if they come out that they're liars
later so here's like a thing that really
bothered me about Hillary Clinton and
the emails a lot of people said that it
was okay that the emails got hacked
because at the very least we got to see
we got some transparency and people said
transparency was good but the problem
that I have with that is that
transparency on one side is not
transparency that's propaganda so when
it comes to like platforming somebody
where there are two people with a
different take on an issue and you can
only get one take I would rather have no
takes that the or the preferred order it
would be both takes no takes and then
like negative would be one take
because yeah with no takes we can just
speculate based on what we have like the
facts that we have we can we can try to
speculate but with only one take we
could be fed like a false story and we
can actually speculate on things that
are not true somebody could be making an
advance yeah exactly yeah do that and
then with both people on both people
would have the chance to present their
side of the story and whatnot yeah right
so I mean this doesn't apply to your
stream but in my world we have controls
for this sort of thing like before
putting someone up on TV we're gonna vet
their story right yeah of course we're
gonna that's how WAPA [ __ ] caught the
[ __ ] a project Veritas a [ __ ]
right right so like but to give an
example for a TV which I feel like is
the more comparable medium you know if
you're gonna bring someone on that's you
know saying this person is falsely
appeased mean you're gonna call the
accuser and be like hey you know we this
guy's gonna say this and you obviously
talked to him beforehand as well and you
either challenged him in the
pre-interview or if there's some [ __ ]
that's clearly off-the-wall you can go
out and challenge him on air though that
it's it's ethically squishy so it's not
some
I would really recommend or defend it
anyway uh-huh is it bad to show his logs
then because I guess he could
technically be cherry-picking his logs
or whatever and then presenting like a
false narrative that way or is it more
I'm sorry hold on say that again is it
bad to just show only or is it bad to
show his logs that he presented because
he could have been cherry-picking I mean
it looks like he dumped the logs I mean
if he I guess he could be like editing
these before post I guess like there
could have been like my thing was like
they could have been like new logs where
he did some crazy [ __ ] um and he's not
releasing those yeah I mean I guess
that's possible she hasn't released
anything yet I don't know if she's going
to but hi friends
what's up I'm good
what are you here for but the ethics of
breaking news listen I'm not letting
this devolve into a [ __ ] philosophy
conversation okay that shit's so based
on the Biden rule a policy thread lock
so sorry do I feel like every time
second okay there is a vast difference
between stalling and nominee and what
they did the Kavanagh apparently isn't
to us it's okay yeah rambling abling
that bullying your um you know
implicitly suggesting that other people
should be allowed to be bullied I think
you need to up your um your rural
consequentialist this is a little
podcast she allowed me to run her
stomach back and Bo probably robbed on
this one what I'm wondering is how the
[ __ ] does gdq ban anyone based off this
[ __ ]
um I mean they're not ruling out sexual
harassment so yeah at least seven times
man we got this situation banning him is
probably the safe move but they
shouldn't frame it as a band they should
frame it as you know we're looking into
it and while this is going on you know
he's not gonna be allowed at though what
capacity they have to actually look into
anything is pretty questionable and
honestly the police should probably just
be involved if it is something that you
know was he a speedrunner what gang was
he meant to play not call our [ __ ]
fat and chat that's not relevant
literally anything going on oh my god
can you guys hold on to your [ __ ]
inner in cells
Jesus [ __ ] excited there has to be
something missing I don't know well no
there doesn't have to be she might I
mean the story could just be they could
she doesn't want to do anything like at
all like sleep with him at all she just
wants to bail or another guy said no oh
but you're asking what is the Oh what
was her accusation well yeah right
it's like cuz he got banned for some
reason so I would assume that like she
said something to like gdq it wasn't
like right now she commented where link
link her comments somebody came at a
disco and was like hey so-and-so
sexually harassed me I guess I would
like dig deeper into it I feel like okay
well like what happened I wouldn't just
be like okay like let me pass here's
some advice for the seven the seven
girls that watch my stream or whatever
if a guy is inviting you out to an event
like this ninety-nine percent of the
time there are gonna be pretty big
expectations on the table most of the
time this might work out okay especially
if you don't give as much a [ __ ] or
whatever sometimes it's not if it
doesn't work out okay
like I would absolutely make sure that
you have like an ability I'm sorry
can we get a quick rundown on what's
going on yeah you need to make sure that
you have a way to get out okay you can't
go to somebody like completely cut them
off or whatever from anything that they
thought was gonna happen and then expect
that they're gonna come through for you
and everything else the chances of that
happening every time is probably not
gonna happen I would be very very very
cautious of that kind of [ __ ]
all right yeah and I mean the gay
representations do well here without any
gender roles assigned to anything
everyone in chat and I mean actually
maybe like 20% of chat because those are
the people that can actually get into
relationships so always be wary of
expectations that are assigned to things
like gifts for example its own buys you
season tickets offers to fly you out
across the country the first thing you
need to realize is that is a very
serious commitment on their part and by
accepting that as a very there's an
implication of a serious commitment on
your part so you need to be aware of
this sort of thing that's not to say
that anyone here was necessarily on the
wrong again I'm not super in for I guess
for the first time I'm not super
informed on exactly what happened here
but you know be very aware of you know
nonverbal messages that you may send by
accepting or not accepting something can
we be real can we just go with our guts
here he's a gamer he's in the wrong he
probably did some creepy-ass [ __ ] and
she got to the hotel we all know it's
true we just don't want to say it it's
not like I would normally agree to hold
on let me read this real fast
please don't anyway [ __ ] novels well
why would he share so many [ __ ]
messages including a [ __ ] intimate
ones but not up the entire log the last
tweet wasn't the end of the logs ask him
to send you the full thing bonus me I'm
not going to leave you stranded or
anything like that okay first of all
you're taking that tweeted of contacts I
mean I don't think that was like I'm not
gonna leave you stranded if you totally
[ __ ] like string me up and don't do
anything at all with me like that wasn't
the context of that time I wouldn't go
and read it I was just like in the
general conversation about like
transporting from the [ __ ] Airport so
nice meme and then I say what was the
thing you just mention right beforehand
oh they use the game room he's wrong
normally I would side with you instantly
we've been [ __ ] thinking about it
because [ __ ] gamers um but like he was
like Ultra [ __ ] League
he was pretty responsible at least as
far as the messaging went and she was
the one that was the first one to broach
the sex subject so I mean like I don't
know like I gave him like really big
props for that because I don't
completely agree optic up sorry I'm
sorry I just want to say I completely
agree optics wise the chat logs look
really good for him it's just that there
it's that can be a pattern of abuse that
some people engage in where they present
themselves very affably through me
that's proof I'm just saying it does
that's that is a pattern that occurs no
it's not it's not necessarily even
thinking for her had people like it
doesn't necessarily have to be
premeditated anyway he could just be
different in person than he is yeah
which is what I said like it's totally
possible that they were met in person
and then like you know she just totally
changed her mind and everything which is
fine I've said a million times like she
has a right to do that
but man expecting someone to cover your
room and the plane to get back after
like totally like stimuli like that I
don't know I wouldn't I would never
expect someone to do it for me are we
defending are you defending this is Chad
what CdTe name's Chad yeah I guess every
right to revoke or take gonna kick her
out 100% yeah totally totally okay oh no
absolutely [ __ ] please one at a time co
like for what if you've already because
he must have known in advance that she
you know she does not have another way
to get back so if he's canceling the
plane ticket after already having agreed
you know to pay for this I'm not really
concerned about the whole him being
banned from agdq or whatever I don't
know what their internal policies are
for something like that but in terms of
his actions towards her that's just a
total dick move because nothing in these
no matter what move for her to be like
I'm just gonna lay on the floor and
[ __ ] not do [ __ ] all the rest of time
and I expect you to continue to cover
everything you think that she's totally
fine there that's not a huge dick move
on her part
he says multiple times in these that the
biggest concern for me is safety and
being comfortable with each other if she
gets cold feet he's already agreed that
the biggest concern like you know think
was that he wanted somebody to sleep
with he made that pretty explicitly
clear like all throughout those say oh I
really
yeah but he's he says multiple times I
just want to make sure that you're
comfortable and if so at some point
she's like oh I really don't feel
comfortable you know sleeping with you
now like he's made it very clear in
these logs the
her safety is his number-one priority
and all the sudden oh well I'm not gonna
sleep with you therefore that's
completely out like his priority he's
giving mixed signals here
I don't agree if he Safety's our
priority and he doesn want to for
something that's totally fine and she
can walk out and it I mean I don't this
is kind of irresponsible I don't think
he like [ __ ] held her down or anything
I haven't seen anyone make any those
kinds of claims so she was free to leave
it seems and she did but that doesn't
mean that he's obligated to like sit
there and today for everything
afterwards his flier home that just
seems like but the point is is that she
probably would not have gone if it
wasn't if safety wasn't such a big
concern for him he made it very clear
that safety and being comfortable is the
most important thing to him yes I would
say so what I understand and what I
would say is it like if that's gonna be
the case if you're going somewhere like
she [ __ ] herself really hard on this I
guess you could argue that the guy
should have had the foresight to see
that if things go really really south
that maybe he should have entered this
deal either
but if you're going if you're flying to
a place where a person's made it pretty
implicitly it clear that they expect you
to sleep with them and you think there's
a chance that that might not happen and
you have no [ __ ] way to get out if
you like renege on that deal I mean
you're pretty [ __ ] stupid for
accepting to go like what a dumb
decision to make holy [ __ ] yeah like I
just liked at any point in time if
someone is not I feel like there should
never I don't think anyone ever should
do anything thinking that there's not
going to be a chance that someone backs
out from having any sort of sexual
relations with someone and should always
be prepared for someone to say no to any
sort of intimate relationship like I I
don't I don't it doesn't make sense to
be how you could defend you know defend
him in this case I I guess it seems like
it was a I don't know it sounds like it
seems like it was a transaction now and
then she didn't know hold her bargain
so he's like not holding is which I
wasn't like the sexual sense but like in
the like what else he made it super
clear that he wanted her to like sleep
just cuddle or whatever ge said no and
now he's like okay well then I'm not
gonna uphold mine and Link cancels our
ticket opinion I think I don't know
I'm pretty sure something like it for
one it's not a transaction because if it
was a transaction it would have to be
like clearly formally lay down and they
didn't make it the contract but it's
pretty clear what's going on here like
if I was this girl's friend like I would
be calling her a [ __ ] idiot right now
for not seeing like it's it's pretty
this is this isn't one of those things
where it's like well you just have to be
really socially aware like it's pretty
[ __ ] obvious like what's being asked
for here like he knows looking for
sleepin tought I said earlier like this
flying someone out apparently to take it
was like around $500 plus whatever he
paid for the room that I mean he I guess
he was getting anyway but like this is a
it's an investment and I hate to use
that word because there's not really a
connotation attached to it but it's it's
very clear that you know the at least
the dynamic going into this relationship
that word fits here is uneven to say the
least I'm still looking through the logs
to actually catch up on what's up but I
don't it it seems weird at the very
least let's just end it there and I'll
have a person I'm not bringing this a
lot of people keep bringing this up I'm
not bringing up because it makes the
conversation a lot less interesting but
apparently also he only kicked her out
after um she didn't even want to sleep
with the same bed but he didn't actually
cancel her shirt until until she made an
accusation at games done quick but I
mean that makes my side of the argument
pretty easy I think I think he's
justified in that right I don't think
anyone would the only thing I'm talking
about is the cancelling of the plane
ticket yeah well I understand that
apparently he canceled the plane ticket
in response to her filing harassment
charges and I'm getting banned from GDQ
or whatever yeah I understand how it's
harassment doesn't it doesn't that sort
of make the plane ticket seem like
collateral this is retaliation
essentially right if that was the case
like let's say again Irene's use Paulie
did harass her and then you call it a
retaliation but like I'm really not that
was like a super loaded word I don't
know if I'm feeling okay with that I'm
using it as a legal term here like this
is no I understand but we're talking
like ethically like let's say the girl
friend wants to [ __ ] you and you're like
and you do it in the morning or like you
bus real quick and you don't get her off
and then she goes downstairs sure and
then she goes downstairs and doesn't
make you breakfast and you're like are
you retaliating against me like that's
like a this analogy is super [ __ ] get
out of here what the [ __ ] man [ __ ]
hold on owner this is not the same thing
the same thing how was it retail they
had like a pretty implicit agreement
about what was going on here and she
totally backed out and then he backed
out of his end of it I don't know if he
was like 100% like obligated to fly her
home especially if she's gonna like walk
out on him for the rest of the time like
I think he was and and like even we're
talking about obligation and all that
but ultimately the only reason he would
have done it was in a form of
retaliation I don't know how that's
really I don't know there's no legal
when there's no legal claim for
retaliation
yeah no way plus you're totally I was
listen I've been covering a lot of [ __ ]
where there's like retaliation in the
workplace recently so I just [ __ ] up
that's no secret lying about like
whatever in response to her not
fulfilling her her side of the
quote-unquote deal then I don't think
that he should have canceled the plane
ticket because ultimately the only thing
that does is make him feel a little bit
better how does that help anyone how
does that help the case in any way shape
or form how is that possibly an ethical
decision in any way wait I'm sorry what
was the ethical decision to say they
canceled the plane ticket Oh cuz he
doesn't fight he doesn't feel the
obligation to do anything
he's like [ __ ] but okay so but the guy
so he does not about benefiting it's
about him like following through on it
it's like out of the goodness of his
[ __ ] heart so I mean like he doesn't
have to do that I do doesn't have the
obligation to do so no but but prior to
her she was under the impression going
there that she'd have a way back so if
we want to look at it from that type of
perspective yeah but that doesn't matter
she's no longer his concern if somebody
threatens to kill themselves if I stop
talking to them it's not like me not
talking to them makes me responsible for
that decision I think that's a total
dissing Alice she apparently
as soon as she as soon as she as soon as
she was like I don't want [ __ ] all to do
with you she is no longer his
responsibility
he doesn't know make sure she gets home
or make sure and it won't someone out if
you've flown someone out to you then of
course they are in so all what she's
[ __ ] dependent he's not there to
[ __ ] babysit her [ __ ] no he offered
her a plane ticket out implicitly pretty
clearly in exchange for some [ __ ]
sleeping together at cuddling or
whatever and she totally walked the [ __ ]
out on that in which case he's I got a
[ __ ] I don't have to worry about this
chick at all it's tease she's not his
concern whatsoever he can totally walk
the [ __ ] away at that point do we know
if she has a way back like carries it
doesn't matter what do you mean it's
okay hey no no no because if she's
stranded there and she has no way to get
back and she's literally stuck there
then a [ __ ] course no no it's not he
is he hurt he's not her dad he's not her
keeper she's not his dependent he
doesn't have any obligation whatsoever
to deliver her back to her house she's
got family she's got friend that's what
hurt her he has no obligation to [ __ ]
off for him that's her fault she's
[ __ ] [ __ ] off what like like if she's
traveling out there with absolutely no
way to get back and she knows that and
then she stiffs the guy that like is the
one that flew out there how can she
possibly expect that he's going to like
maintain her best interest at heart and
get her back home like that's so dumb
outcomes
whereas the attitude remand myself for
taking can only lead to the worst
outcome it can lead to as you having to
suffer the indignity of paying for the
return ticket of the person who slighted
you yeah but I don't like there's one
more potential what you're yeah you're
asking for people to rise to a level of
like past what I would even consider
like the ideal human to be we're going
into like levels of saintly hood like
yeah no I I this guy tells me oh yeah
you know like I flew a gorilla and we
were supposed to hang out all weekend
but she actually like stayed the night
at another guy's house the whole time I
never talked to me but I picked her up
from the guy's house at the N and then
drove her to the airport and flew her
home and wished her well I'd be like
damn dude you're like a bully
[ __ ] you're a really [ __ ] good person
you're like sadly that would be like way
above and beyond like okay in that
position and given that I was more
financially independent than the woman
at that time I felt the alternative
which would have been stranding her in
Delaware yeah what was was inferior
ethically you know okay but we're not
going on with anecdotes I mean if we
want to go off anecdotes I paid twenty
five hundred dollars a year to my
ex-girlfriend to live with me for a year
while she tried to figure [ __ ] out like
I mean like I understand these positions
like I sure and I understand that but I
wouldn't compel anyone else to do it and
I wouldn't say like oh you have to do
this particular thought we're not
compelling we're just saying well no
when you say that this guy is a huge
[ __ ] for doing he's got a moral
compulsion to do something that sounds
like you're compelling somebody to do it
like alright the difference between a
Good Samaritan versus a like sure so if
you want to make this statement yeah
it's it's the difference of where our
neutral point lies if you want to make
the statement if this guy would have
flew her home or whatever that he'd be a
really [ __ ] good person for doing so
yeah of course I'm not gonna disagree
with that but if he decides yeah [ __ ] it
she can figure her own [ __ ] out past
this I don't give a [ __ ] that's a
neutral act to me I don't think he's on
the wrong at all there he has no
responsibility or obligation to take
ever just cuz he flew her out doesn't
mean he's responsible for getting her
back right so we but we can all agree
that him flying her back would have been
a more ethical choice yeah would have
been like yeah sure but not one that I
could compel someone to you being a
david would probably be a more every
party and he is not ethically wrong
correct his action is no yeah mmm right
so my issue here is that I think there
it's gonna come down to a lot of the
specifics about her see cuz we don't
know all the details right so we don't
know the situation that she's in so for
example if she's literally stranded
there and she has absolutely no way to
get home I think yeah yeah I agree that
makes her choice even worse yeah no I
think that he is morally always why why
is he her keeper because again she went
there on the assumption that that that
she would be able to get back she went
there of her own volition knowing that
her only way back was him yes that's the
point but just because she made a [ __ ]
up doesn't mean that he needs to drive
knife in jar just make a [ __ ] up she
made a choice to just say [ __ ] off for
the entire [ __ ] weekend or whatever
she don't want anything to do with him
why the [ __ ] would he would she expect
him to do nothing to do with him I
thought she just wanted to sleep on the
floor okay I'm sorry
maybe my term was too was too hard I
mean it was pretty it was pretty
implicit they're all the logs if he
wanted someone to sleep with that was
kind of the whole point of their
conversation
what is triggering yet is no there is
nothing here about a patronizing women
or assuming they have no agency the
woman made admittedly a poor choice she
should have more thoroughly she could
have been PMSing we'll never really know
nice man good job guys keep him I like
we have so many people in here just to
mean the whole conversation so where is
great brain Greek back but really so if
we're saying please continue yeah if you
pay for a ghost ticket she needs to suck
your dick that's not at all what I was
surprised to hear I totally expected it
so okay these are your followers
following Stephen Stephen followed me
wait can we I'm so sorry Julie please oh
no no I mean I think we've all made our
points I think this is really stupid
every time something like this happens
where there's an allegation of maybe
kind of sexual misconduct usually a guy
going to a con bring over a woman
something stupid happen something stupid
happening and everyone and the internet
jumps onto speculation and it's great I
mean we love to speculate but I feel
like these conversations go the same way
every time it always seems like the
woman was kind of irresponsible and
maybe a bit overly optimistic when it
came to her long-term prospects with
that person and the guy usually kinda
exploits their superior financial and
social position
do something shady and we get nowhere
with the convo ever and in fact if I can
just add to that so for example if she
was going there to like help him run an
event or something and then she doesn't
follow through on that and then he
cancels the plane ticket I think that's
fine however the fact that she refused
to engage in something sexual in nature
and I understand that cuddling is not
sex but there is still a sexual overtone
to that that is what ultimately makes
that his he should always be aware that
someone can that anyone and especially
women because you know of their place in
society and and so forth can always be
able to back out of anything that's
major and she should not she should not
face repercussions of any form for that
at all no you should not okay I mean I
think I mean I think we have I would say
that if you're planning on going to an
event you've got some heavily implicit
stuff like that lined up if you're gonna
cancel out or if you think there's a
chance you're not gonna be comfortable
you need to have backup plans made
because they I think it's totally within
the realm of expectation that the other
person could could back out on every
other part of the deal as well and I
would take it a step further now say
you're actually [ __ ] insane if you
think you can show up in an event that
someone else flew you out for totally
walk back way past everything you said
was going to happen and then expect them
to follow through and every single thing
that they did you're you're delusional
if you think and you might even have
some sort of social disability or
whatever like that definitely something
you want to look into it's a very simple
situation you go into this you
essentially you don't explicitly say
there's nothing explicit here he is not
she has not specifically agree at least
from the luck that I've seen explicitly
agreed that okay when I go there I will
100% without a doubt engage in whatever
with you it kind of link whatever I
don't see that allows it does she say
that in the law I mean she says I'm
gonna call the [ __ ] out of you yeah I'm
pretty sure I know she says that it
needs to be a conditional has to be some
sort of conditional that like I just I
don't see that in the logs at all and
and add that your safety and comfort but
it's that he says that your safety
it is my number one priority yeah and
and suddenly she's not comfortable and
all of a sudden oh actually no I'm
kissing I mean like no no no like the
safety and comfort is the priority of
everybody that I with as well but if
that means that they don't want anything
to do with me then I'm not gonna be
their caretaker for a week or say
nothing to do with you like right so
does not they have nothing to do with
you sleeping on the floor of my room is
like pretty that we're pretty far
removed from hold on so talking about
before you guys move on you we need to
acknowledge first that a we don't know
what happened
right we have the logs from beforehand
and obviously something transpired in
the interim that clearly changed the
dynamic that they had in these DM right
and second and this is I'm feeling
almost like a broken record here but
because of that it is irresponsible to
speculate great 8,000 people hold on I
wasn't listening
ya know every every this entire
conversation is hinged on a handful of
speculations right well I mean we're
going through what was said in the chat
logs and we're talking about like a
situation or beating off of that only
right right a that's the problem here
right so the something happened in the
interim and you can't ignore that and
you know Joe okay yeah I understand what
you're saying but but like that can
slightly change the waiting so this is
what I was talking about earlier so what
I was saying earlier was that something
that could come out that and this is why
I don't want to bring on the guy right
but something that could come out that
would make her side look a whole lot
better would be we're not not her side
look better but like it's possible that
it when they were physically engaging
with one another in that room that the
guy did something that went way [ __ ]
overboard or wasn't being responding to
anything that she said whatsoever but
that's totally possible as well in which
case like yeah the guy would be like a
massive [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] but even
in that case I wouldn't expect the guy
to follow through on on putting her up
for a week or a weekend or whatever and
then flying her back home like
yeah and see that that is a fair point
of argument especially considering the
fact that she is accused him of I'm not
sure if it's sexual harassment or sexual
assault or what it was it seems I don't
know what the accusation was laughter
I'm not probably guys it's relevant to
anything that I've personally said I
haven't acted that in at all all I
factored in is the plane trip as well as
her saying that you will engage in some
form of sexual related okay but my point
is that at any point in time someone
should be able to back up anything of a
sexual nature and not face repercussions
for it at any time do you think a
prostitute us the right to do that
absolutely so wait so if I pay a
prostitute $100 for a [ __ ] and then
she gets ready to do it and she pulls
out a mime I don't want to hear my views
on prostitution no oh God because you
take that [ __ ] views on it that
it's like inherently an immoral act even
though you can't make it in here and you
have to tie it to all sorts of other
conditions right it's it's very complex
oh my god okay well let's say for
instance let's say that you didn't have
your [ __ ] your dumb [ __ ] sex work
of you okay like if I gave a woman $100
for a [ __ ] and she goes to start and
then she pulls back and she's like I
don't want to I'm entitled to my money
back right oh it's very complex again
you're asking me to take the opposite
position I'm asking you to consider a
pretty easy hypothetical let's say I go
to a place to get a massage okay let's
say that I offer $100 to get a massage
and the person starts and after like one
minute they're like whoa hold on I want
to do this am I entitled to my money
back or do they get to keep it that's a
good one I'm not sure about how massage
I don't think massage is know like I'm
like just a massage
sure I don't think there's anything
inherently sexual about a massage just a
guy get a wedding ring back if they
don't get married you know I don't know
so like I can ask my money back from a
firm massage because I didn't follow
through it all right yeah I think
Stephens right in this analogy I just
don't think the analogy the analogy
doesn't have fit because the difference
is a Ragosa massage explicit exchange
versus an implicit exchange right so
despite the fact that you know whatever
was
in these logs was said you know this
isn't a transaction I totally disagree I
mean like we can go through it is a
transaction to be responsible if you're
watching my stream and you don't think
that this type of stuff is transactional
you should never be engaging in these
types of things any any same
non-autistic person would 100% read this
as a transactional thing if you don't
read it as such you absolutely should
never be engaging in these types of
conversations or making these types of
deals if somebody is explicitly talking
about sleeping with you cuddling you and
then you bring up [ __ ] them in
exchange for them flying you out
somewhere that is 100 percent some sort
of exchange if you don't see it as such
I have no [ __ ] idea what you're
missing the minutiae of what I said
explicit versus implicit right but that
doesn't but I don't make that I don't I
tend not to make a huge distinction
there because the implicit is so much of
what happens in daily communication
right like like we operate what do you
mean because the difference between
explicit and implicit is what comes up
in it like a shit-ton of court cases
we're not talking about court cases
we're talking great day life when met
when when you're old friends and
boyfriends [ __ ] each other it consent is
very oftentimes implicit in fact I would
say the vast majority that's a total
that that's not relevant most of what we
do are implicit things like we very
rarely if I for instance a pirate if
friend is like hey can I get a ride from
there then can you take me back to
Babylon it's like yeah you know I'll be
going to that party or whatever like you
can't acclimate like very rarely are we
like explicitly like setting the terms
and writing a contract like most of our
stuff is like pretty implicitly of
course but I'm saying that in various
like in key situations like this that
boundary is not so clear in things that
are related to stuff of a sexual nature
like if I may if I may I could I could I
jump in on this let's decouples sex from
this because sex is very loaded
conceptually all right let's say that
that you recently bought a house and
you're gonna have a kid sooner you want
to bring a painter in who you like
you're going to fly them in and they're
going to paint like the baby room
they're gonna paint like blue skies and
rainbows and [ __ ] it's gonna be real
nice maybe you're gonna do a Mario decal
in the corner it's gotta look real good
okay let's say you're like all right I'm
gonna pay for your plane ticket over 400
this way 400 back and I'll pay you for
the service they arrive and instantly
you put
the [ __ ] off you're creepy you're
overbearing you're vaguely insulting you
person hiring them didn't realize they
were Hispanic and you [ __ ] hate you
[ __ ] hate dark-skinned people see are
like tossing it kind of like Loki you
know throwing those slurs down this
person gets uncomfortable as [ __ ] they
throw it out of their tools and they're
like you know what I'm no I'm not doing
this
my plane arrives on on Tuesday I'm gonna
go to a hotel and you'd better not
[ __ ] cancel because it's on you that
this surface was rendered moot and then
you cancel the ticket now obviously this
analogy isn't perfectly parallel but I
think in instances and I think we can
agree on this where you bring a person
over and your misbehavior causes them to
behave in a way contrary to that by
which the contract said you would be
willing to send them back as long as it
was your behavior that made them
uncomfortable in that instance it is
unethical to cancel their return trip
home they actually owe you for your
reliance damages and your expectation
damages because they never delivered on
their side of the contract because you
performed your end they just failed to
perform there and because they found you
off-putting because of your racism or
whatever but the fact is there was a
meeting of the minds around the contract
it just so happened that you know you
decided not to perform it because you
found them morally repugnant but that
doesn't legally absolve you of any
responsibility no as a contract no but
in the scenario you gave it it's
absolutely a contract if you're getting
harassed you can make a strong case and
canceling a contract for harassment of
the people in which you signed into that
contract under what grounds I'm sorry I
should clarify I am NOT a business boy I
am I have never looked at a piece of
paper in my entire life
so if I'm wrong in this please do let me
know but I'm fairly you're wrong
all right okay wait he's wrong which
part sorry so there was clearly like in
his scenario there was clearly a meeting
of minds right that there was gonna be
an exchange there's consideration on
both sides the consideration is I'm
gonna fly him out he's gonna pay
I delivered like the the guy the racist
view delivers on his end the other guy
doesn't he's obviously in briefs of his
obligation under the contract so you can
simply reliance damages this is a
terrible analogy though the racist dude
can sue the guy who failed to perform
the painter even if you harassed him
like like what are you where do you get
it like there are defenses to contracts
right but you're not like a courts not
gonna because no wait there's got to be
some sort of civil thing where you could
sue the the other person for something
there's no way that's true so let's say
for instance let's say somebody
contracts me to go out and work for an
event and they fly me there and back and
I go there and as soon as I get there I
walk into a room and everybody is like
screaming racial slurs at me the entire
time there's got to be a way for me to
leave and yeah you can say that's you
can say it's unconscionable to enforce
the contract you can say that it's
grossly unfair to you know enforce the
penalty against him but if one dudes
just like act like I don't know I I do
not see this problem in this ethics
discussion wait what how did you how'd
you slip in here you yeah I was gonna
say where's the law coven throw a lot
law is partially law is partially
informed law is partially in for my
ethics you should oh yes but yeah but
the current American legal structure oh
is that a good representation of what is
ethical I mean and ways in ways in ways
yeah you can explore backwards for sure
like like conversation when I hear well
you're wrong 100% that's to I mean I
have first-hand experience with this
something like alimony seems absolutely
ridiculous to me and it was either Apple
is there somebody else that explained to
me why alimony is done the way it is and
I actually 100% agree with the
underlying ethical principles now I
think that you can explore certain
things in law and kind of get out or
with the way a lot of child support
stuff is structured as well where the
legal thing makes it seem very unfair to
the man most of the time but then when
you realize it's set up in such a way to
benefit the child where you know it who
the cares about the parents right you
start to understand more I I think it's
okay to explore the legal side a little
bit as long as we don't get hung up on
like specific [ __ ] you know law
doctrines or some right yeah but we're
talking about specific terms actually
destiny I'll just stop you there because
family law is actually very different
from all other forms of law like you
could actually argue that family law has
a lot of a lot more morality ingrained
in it than like contract law for example
what
is why I'm able to make this are you
because like they're they're essentially
only like six different defenses to
contract formation you know there's like
mistake duress unconscionability fraud
impossibility like if the house burns
down and I don't know what the last one
is but it doesn't relate to like
someone's conduct in the course of you
know treating you poorly after a
contract is in a sham
so like the yeah I I just don't think
you can inform morality there but I get
what you're saying what is this guy an
actual law professional Apple is is a
first-year law student what are you
again yeah I'm a paralegal guys he does
to be fair a police as a business law I
think right but I the reason why he's
bringing up is because Apple is because
I'm is because Irish lady brought up
like a very specific situation Apple has
had a very specific answer but if we
look a different like I guess really an
ethical or moral standpoint I mean this
is kind of the concession that I made at
the start were like if the guy was like
insanely [ __ ] egregious and this is
why I didn't want to bring the guy on to
say this for like the third time is
because if the guy acted an extremely
aggressive or offensive manner then I
would be a lot more sympathetic to the
story of the girl although I still think
that she probably should have found a
way to transport herself back like
especially because in any scenario where
the guy is gonna be so aggressive that
you're gonna feel like you're not
comfortable it would be the same type of
person I wouldn't expect to follow
through in that implicit agreement
anyway right yeah and this is the reason
why the correct taking the situation is
that even if she was down for literally
anything she still shouldn't have taken
the ticket yeah if you're gonna put
yourself in that situation where you're
like 100 percent like essentially
somebody's captive it's a really really
bad decision okay but again like
everyone in this story is an [ __ ]
everyone everyone in this story is
amoral I would say like right off the
bat well obviously we we have to
fortunately to figure out if the guy is
immoral or not
we know here's what a hundred percent
he's literally basically if we're
treating this as a transaction he's
paying someone to come [ __ ] cuddle
him why is that it more why is that
because he he is inherently against any
sort of like sex transaction stuff like
that are you what a swarf sex worker
exclusionary radical feminists well I
guess I would be never heard that bad
REM what's wait we all quit can we walk
away with a couple of like universal
statements here
well here's like a big one I think we
can all agree on okay if you have a way
to get somewhere and the only way is by
making some implicit or whatever deal
with a person that involves [ __ ] them
or sleeping with them you need to be
ready for the fact that when you get
there you might change your mind and if
you change your mind they might change
their mind so it is irresponsible of you
to go there without another way out
because you're easing yourself up for
being really [ __ ] and putting yourself
in a real bad situation don't ever
[ __ ] do that okay 100% like she is
totally moronic for getting herself into
this 100% but that doesn't change the
fact that the dudes also a gigantic
[ __ ] maybe okay but I gave the table
we can all agree on past that okay what
was here in Irish funny I gotta tell you
real quick I would agree with what you
said if you rephrase it so it was just
leaving okay
[Music]
