they look like [ __ ] this is my trigger
they look like [ __ ] takes because the
conventional knowledge and the
circle-jerk around them is [ __ ] wrong
I'm sorry I promised you I wouldn't do
this I was reformed destiny I'm gonna do
it I'm gonna spoil the debate if we if
it actually happens here it comes
people love that dude is an amazingly
good tip for like getting - I'm getting
it like that [ __ ] that tweets out all
the [ __ ] attacks against Thames is
[ __ ] gone he left he's out of her
[ __ ] campaign yard it's too early for
me to be this triggered just hold on
listen have you ever seen the meme they
hated him because he spoke the truth yes
yes that's the story of my life on
Twitter do you understand yes yes yes it
is I
okay look there's literally only one
person that I feel like is like really
really like I mean nevermind there's not
one person I'm trolling there are
definitely more people that arguing use
benefit of the doubt and they're the
reason why they're having like this
really strong like feeling that like
you're a [ __ ] you're no longer a liberal
or something it's because of these tanks
but like yeah but the problem is that
people just have dumb [ __ ] ideas they
don't know what the [ __ ] they're talking
about and it bothers just because I'm
gonna agree with people on the left
about some doesn't mean that all of a
sudden it's carte-blanche me any [ __ ]
ass argument they want like my like a
lot of these people that are
left-leaning have no idea what even the
fundamental like levels of economics in
the Union aren't serving Frances all
these people that are saying like oh
well owning a home is a good investment
why do landlords do it that's like me
saying I'm gonna go buy a taxi as a car
and all of a sudden I'm gonna my car's
gonna be worth more because it's a
[ __ ] taxi because taxi drivers make
money off of their cars like why do you
think buying buying a piece of real
estate has relevance to what homeowners
do or landlords do if you don't actually
rent out your property doesn't mean
there's like so much dumb [ __ ] like no
no i 100% agree i mean this is exactly
like not to [ __ ] non-sequitur but
like i think this is the perfect analogy
which is i'm very pro-choice but i like
cringe every time somebody says
mention me making laws about women's
bodies it's like that's the whole weight
of [ __ ] like government worked
yeah the government works Maisy I'm
sorry but like base representation is
not a good idea look at [ __ ] Kamala
Harris like yeah we don't well more than
passive representation okay sure nothing
that I said about home-owning is false
okay do you understand what do you
disagree with me about go hit me up okay
okay okay okay
I good you should be
I'm just kidding listen Shh I'm in a
nice mood okay I'll be nice okay okay so
first of all there's a lot of other
points but like I want to literally
focus on just how like the amount of
like money you can be saving because
obviously there are a bunch of
advantages and living on your own
property that don't come that with like
renting right but the main point that we
making is just on like what like being
able to make any adjustment you want to
your place without having to ask for
permission from your [ __ ] landlord so
you're telling me that by owning
property you have the privilege of
incurring additional cost that you're
already starting up okay but this is
already a bad foot for somebody that's
looking at this as a store of wealth or
way to build wealth right because now
you're talking about incurring of a cost
already but I'm not talking about these
incredible cause I'm talking about just
very small stuff like you'd be surprised
how like stringent some landowners are
like it's to the poem words like no
you're not allowed to drill anything
into these walls and it's like I don't
think people are incurring crazy costs
because they want to put a painting on
their wall you know I mean like like you
can have paintings oh it's drilling into
the wall I mean there's plenty of
no-stick I have them from my shitty town
saying I haven't for like the stuff that
I hang around in my place like I I don't
think you need to like drill into yeah
that's that's a fair argument but even
something smaller like painting your
[ __ ] place like it's to the point
where it's like oh no that because of
regulations this is the exact color or
like that you you're not allowed to use
these paints you're not allowed to do
it's like okay cool great or like this
is a bigger cost but like there are
places that like literally won't allow
you to have like a dryer or washer or
whatever right you're not allowed to
purchase it yourself or like okay good
stuff okay I love you so much you know
that I love you right okay
I love you but you're Korean every
living [ __ ] out of me okay you can't
just buy a washer or dryer put in your
house there has to be like a hookup
like no you can't there must be
infrastructure in place for these thing
you can't just have it apartment like oh
I'm just gonna throw a washer in the
corner there's a lot of plumbing that
goes into having a washing machine it's
a lot of Lux will work instead of having
a dryer you can't just throw these into
a place like I'm not a very traditional
washer I'm talking about one of those
[ __ ] washers that they're I think
they're called like panda washers where
like they're just like you literally
plug them in and then you like take like
the [ __ ] hose and you just put it
into your [ __ ] sink or whatever the
[ __ ] but like there are places that are
very against that and they're like well
you're gonna charge up the [ __ ] water
bill and we're not allowed to we're not
and you're gonna charge up like the
electricity for the place you're not
allowed to do that might be true but
this is such a weird one-off firstly I
don't even know if that's true if I
wanted to use my draining gun
I don't know if my landlord is gonna
tell me that I can't do it I had to pay
my water bill
anyway like you're telling it depends
where you're where you're so you're
telling me that there are places that
like if I wanted to buy one of these
weird washings is centered from the
drain they would be like you're draining
too much water can they even know that
yeah so so it's but here's the thing
it's against regulation if they don't
find out they don't find out but if they
do find out then you're kind of like
okay and I'll grant you this but I'm 99%
sure this is not true but I'll grant it
just because it's not even relevant to
the overall argument if you really want
a place with a washer/dryer just buy a
little washer dryer okay and then also
here's my next one which is there's also
the convenience of like like noise
disturbances like if you live on your
own [ __ ] property you don't have to
worry about [ __ ] noise disturbances
if you want to [ __ ] it like I don't know
a thousand decibels or whatever that's
completely fine but like if you live in
an apartment if you are at the level of
privilege in your life where you can
choose the place you want to live based
on the noise you make while [ __ ] you
are already so far above and beyond
absolutely true there are properties and
[ __ ] like I think Pennsylvania or
Virginia or some [ __ ] that are like two
hundred thousand like like that's the
flat cost of the [ __ ] place which is
not that much for a household and you
get like a couple acres or some [ __ ]
like it's a lot of space for your
property you are like a good amount away
from the next household that you can
make a good amount of noise and
no one will complain about it yeah but
I'm saying that like choosing a piece of
choosing a piece of property bears some
the noise that you plan that you
anticipate on making is you are in such
a privileged financial position if this
is actually the determining factor for
your choosing a house well I'm not
saying it's the determining factor that
wait then why are you brother Lee
because I'm bringing up the fact that
like this is just a added benefit of
owning rather than renting with this
added intangible benefit doesn't make up
for the extreme volatility that a poor
person might incur trying to buy a house
to build wealth
it's a non-factor like nobody has ever
had the decision between renting or
buying property and then the fact that
they could make a lot of noise on one
ends up skewing it in their favor for
buying also you could just rent a house
you don't have to buy a house you could
just rent a house and you would have all
these same advantages anyway about
having to take on the volatility of
owning a home
how many rent how many houses are
available like renting market as opposed
to like apartments I feel like the
majority of people who are renting are
pretty much in majority renting
apartments not necessarily houses I I
mean I I don't know if I could access
broad numbers but I'm 99% sure that in
any housing market we look at I can find
houses to rent as well as apartments I
mean you could give me a city and we
could look up like rental houses in Ex
City and I'm pretty sure you're gonna
find it anywhere that you look in the
United so well yeah there's always gonna
be houses available to rent but I'm
saying the majority of them and I
majority of people who are looking to
rent are looking to rent an apartment
yeah the majority of people that are
renting or anything apartment because
you can't buy apartment is a bad
selection bias right true you can
totally buy apartment condos are very
rare compared to renting apartments no
no no I'm sorry I worked I worked in
appraisals and in real estate in New
York and I can tell you there's a
majority of properties you literally can
outright buy that are either coops or
condos and they're completely and
differentiable from like actual like
apartments there's no difference other
than the fact that like they call them
something else okay I can't find the
numbers for how they're if there are
more condos or apartments I don't know
what the answer to this is I still don't
even see how this is irrelevant the
argument we're making though okay let's
get on point of the argument then okay
we'll wait so why did we bring up condos
oh because you said the vast majority
people looking to read
are looking to rent apartments what does
that have to do with anything stupid
melaka well we're talking about how
financially viable it is right like
renting a house is gonna be a lot more
expensive than running on an apartment
and if you're looking to save money and
you're looking to reinvest it and
increase how much money you have then
you're not gonna be renting a house
renting a house is probably gonna be
cheaper than buying a house much the
same as renting an apartment I imagine
it's probably cheaper than buying a
condo maybe in the short term and not
necessarily in the long term sure in the
long term so when you get to like the 7
year window past that it might become
preferential to own the home but even
that is still a toss-up and that's
subject to the volatile swings of the
housing market and that's subject to the
national housing market so your own
individual place might have problems and
then the national housing market could
undergo something like in 2007 or any
other housing bubble and this could be
subject to massive maintenance costs
that you might get unlucky and run into
for your house so Friends of you get
[ __ ] in the beginning of the life of
that of the loan you have like a roof
that you have to replace for instance
it's gonna take you a decade to recover
those [ __ ] costs I mean like all of
this is like so much volatility that a
person is going to assume who already
has like no financial wealth who has no
basis to even take on these risks okay
the one point I will give you one
hundred percent is actually you know
making repairs on your place right you
end up having to incur all those charges
yourself and if you just happen to get
[ __ ] over
you get [ __ ] over right sure you can
say that there is a level of convenience
but this is exact argument that people
use in terms of health insurance about
like longer wait times I think we had a
hole in my ceiling in New York for
literally like two years before our
landlord fixed it so yeah sure there is
that right that like you no longer wait
times healthcare I think you understand
the analogy that I'm making but I think
in the other cases it doesn't
necessarily hold up as much I think that
okay so here's the thing I'll tweet that
I have any content with right here or
that is contentious is throwing money
down the drain the whole point is that
in the long run owning a house is going
to be less expensive than renting a
place right so once you've already and
here's the thing once you've already
spent your money on your rent you're
that you have nothing sort of like
to show for it afterwards right where a
place to live no no in in a longer sense
you don't actually own anything so the
word you're looking for is you're not
building equity when you rent a piece of
property however because the whole point
that you're saying like you would be
reinvesting yeah yeah so if you just
reinvest your money that you would have
spent owning a home while renting now
you actually have equity that you're
growing that's not subject to you like
in order to pull your equity out of like
a Vanguard account you don't have to
take a home equity loan you don't have
to stay with it for seven plus years in
order to recover closing costs so they
get spread out over the life of a loan
you don't have to worry about when you
withdraw because of the swing in your
housing market where you're at maybe
right now it's a buyers market and not a
seller's market you know maybe houses
are like I mean like there's a whole
bunch of things that make owning that
house so much more volatile and if this
is like 90 percent of your net worth I
don't know it just seems like like if
somebody would've come to me said like
hey I was thinking of putting a hundred
thousand into mutual funds or a hundred
thousand into Amazon stock what should I
do like what the [ __ ] you always go with
the mutual funds you always want to
diversify your assets so that you can
absorb or because you don't want to be
in a position where you have to deal
with that much risk right you like the
whole market is less likely to do poorly
than just Amazon but why why do people
not say the same for houses right if you
want to make a good investment in
housing I think there are ETFs that
track like the broad housing market if
that's really what you're after but
putting all of your money into a single
unda versified asset like that and then
hoping that you'll make money back in
the future and it's not generating
revenue for you and you might have
maintenance costs associated with it you
never have to pay on unlike on security
or whatever like it's just like not but
I think that this is kind of reductive
in nature I don't think that the
majority of people who are purchasing
houses are really running a great deal
of risk and whether or not their
properties gonna get [ __ ] over I mean
yeah sure there are minority cases like
flint where like literally no one is
gonna leave flint because their property
just [ __ ] absolutely tanked right I
mean would that's not true these these
kinds of things happen all the time look
at places like Detroit places where you
have like big manufacturing places in
Omaha I'm pretty sure the housing prices
hurt a little bit when ConAgra left our
city it was a huge employer and they
left and then people got [ __ ] for it
look at 2004 but for every city were
like this is happening we're like
you know your house is in an area where
like the prices are declining there's
also another area where prices are
increasing it's not necessarily just
like surely you're talking about now
becomes a financial gamble with somebody
that's doing it with 90 percent of a net
worth like for instance I would never -
you're literally talking oh my god
you're literally talking about
leveraging debt to sink most of your net
worth into a highly volatile asset that
might incur additional cost that would
outweigh any possible gain to you in any
way like on every single possible front
this is a horrible investment nobody
would suggest this like this you're bait
it's kind of like saying like you should
go to the bank take out a big loan and
then buy a bunch of stock in a company
and maybe that company actually comes
you and charges you money to own that
stock later and that company might
actually go bankrupt like there's so
much wrong with looking at I hate this
this common knowledge idea that a home
is an investment
it's a horrible investment there are so
many other better ways to invest your
money i but here's the thing just
because there are better ways to invest
your money doesn't necessarily mean that
people know how to [ __ ] invest their
money better than that you know I mean
like you're over assuming how much
information that people understand in
terms of the stock market or your friend
honey but if but if an of an non
financially literate friend came up to
me it was like hey I don't know how much
you have finances what should i do I
don't know like oh well it's easy to
just buy a house I was like oh we'll
spend like five minutes reading about
mutual funds and then just put like five
hundred bucks a month into this like
account in like [ __ ] Vanguard or in
your [ __ ] bank bank or or and what
other some other brokerage service like
wait what do you mean that's way better
advice is like oh we'll go buy a house
III okay okay okay I understand the
point that you're making but I don't
think that necessarily I mean
potentially it'd be equal amounts of
risk but definitely not greater risk in
terms of buying a house and it is and in
putting your money in markets especially
if you know absolutely nothing in
markets I don't have been reading about
them you don't have don't know anything
about mortgages by a mutual byte ETF the
tracks the S&P 500
I don't know [ __ ] all about markets and
that's for my money since like you don't
have to know anything about markets to
buy like a broad boring 7% you nor
return mutual fund and you're still
gonna beat the amount of money that
people are gonna waste like trying to
views housing as an investment
that's that's okay this is a fair point
but but here's my exact statement
earlier which is that like it's not that
you're making these like absolute [ __ ]
takes they just look like [ __ ] takes cuz
they're nuanced and you're clean they
look like [ __ ] this is my trigger
they look like [ __ ] takes because the
conventional knowledge and the
circle-jerk around them is [ __ ] wrong
because a whole bunch of [ __ ]
socialists online are literally in my
mentions going okay women homes are so
bad why do landlords exist because they
[ __ ] read that in some Chapel [ __ ]
house for him not realizing that the
reason why landlords make monies because
they turn their asset into something
that generates revenue for them you
don't become a landlord that makes money
by living in your [ __ ] house that you
[ __ ] buy to run out other people like
I said that's the equivalent of me
buying a [ __ ] taxi and driving around
the city and then wondering well why
isn't my taxi making me any money
doesn't make any sense I'm not saying
everybody who ever replies to you and
disagrees with you is making the correct
assumptions ever and actually you know
that they're talking about I [ __ ] had
like an ethereal experiencing your
discard the other day understand like I
don't want to like roadside yeah but no
I'm not I'm not saying anything about
like the the idiots who are like who
happened to be following you and making
bad claims I'm just saying that like
they're you you have to admit that there
is at least a bit of new ones in here
and I don't necessarily I don't
necessarily agree with you that overall
and reinvesting your money is better
than than purchasing a house I listen
someday you said you are going to be an
accountant right yeah today on your
stream you know what you can do you
should hop on your stream we've done it
on our stream reckful it's done it on
his I can share this video you should
open a spreadsheet and then you could go
to a major city and then you compare the
cost of renting a piece of property
versus mortgaging a new house there and
then you can reinvest that money you can
track the the broad games that the
market is made over the past hundred
years a store gains or whatever of the
Dow Jones the sp500 and then you can
compare well this much money was saved
for the renter versus the homeowner and
he reinvests it and let's see after 20
years who has more equity because
oftentimes even in a longer time horizon
even at a 10 or 20 or 30 year time
horizon the the Apartment renter is is
going to have more equity than the
homeowner
but even though the homeowner is
building equity in his piece of property
the because the rental person can build
equity in a real estate portfolio that's
way more versatile way more diversified
way more liquid about liquid Obul has
more liquidity like beep yeah try it try
it later on stream okay yeah yeah all
right yeah but okay that's all I had
okay I love you buddy it's been fun
we'll talk later okay wait a second how
do you have you heard about the DN tax
Deez Nuts all right get the [ __ ] out of
my [ __ ] discord but you're then not
calculating the costumer to someone who
no longer has to rent if the / if one
person is 200,000 equity in a house and
another person has 300,000 equity in an
investment portfolio they could
literally just buy a house upfront in
cash for 200k and they don't even have
to deal with [ __ ] closing costs of a
loan like what the [ __ ] no Richard Andy
Dick Andy Dick Andy's nuts in your face
okay I got three hours of sleep boy so
today it's gonna be a rough one but it'd
be super grumpy today
no I know this is a very far side your
normal stream experience so just giving
you a warning okay how he was [ __ ] to
think tres tres will ever be better than
yet en literally is a [ __ ] rapist
okay geralt had like his [ __ ] memory
wiped an amnesia [ __ ] she took advantage
of it she's a bad faith actor okay get
this dumb [ __ ] yenifer [ __ ] out of
here she's a [ __ ] and not in the good
way not like in the way like tris is
kind of a [ __ ] she's a [ __ ] in a good
way that's a strong woman yennefer it's
just like some stick up her ass and
piece of [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] that
trace is so much better that was Tris
you mixed them didn't didn't Geralt have
like his [ __ ] didn't Geralt have like
a literal [ __ ] spell placed on him to
make him be in love with [ __ ]
yennefer or whatever and then after the
spell wore off you're like hey by the
way [ __ ] I don't like you [ __ ]
that's Tris he's the one who placed it
that's true wait that's not wait what do
you mean that's Jennifer you mix them up
no Gerald had a spell placed on him they
made him be in love with yennefer wait
did you guys even play the [ __ ] games
or the [ __ ] you talking about you're
right you never a girl had a love spell
I played all the witch against all these
known high reaches thank you get these
fake [ __ ] faint looks like you guys
had your mind wiped by yennefer to get
yennefer wife we say so [ __ ] [ __ ] the
cringe cringe is [ __ ] dude cringes [ __ ]
Tris is better in every way okay you mix
the first thing i'm trysts up with girls
after memoryless that doesn't count
because Tris is awesome how does [ __ ] so
that's not rape anyway okay I know
you're triggered get these MREs out of
here the rational guy said he'd be on
this weekend dude that guy is a [ __ ]
walking talking [ __ ] a walking
talking demagogue machine okay that
guy's gonna come on here he's gonna spit
out here I'll give you a free G okay are
you ready he's okay here's here's this
I'm sorry I promised you I wouldn't do
this I was reformed destiny I'm gonna do
it I'm gonna spoil the debate if we if
it actually happens here it comes
okay he comes in strong claim one
destiny you're wrong
look at this article that I have that
says that building
that wealth owning a home is actually a
big part of purses wealth counter are
you my destiny just because building a
home is a big part of a lot of people's
wealth doesn't mean that's an optimal
way to build wealth you understand that
right and then his kind of okay well uh
what about when rich people buy homes in
okay well rich people are in a different
position to take advantage of leveraging
debt to build wealth in ways that poor
people necessarily aren't the idea of
sinking all of your money into some
volatile asset that is not diversified
and is subject to a great deal of risk
that isn't even gonna return money for
you unless you've lived there for like
[ __ ] seven years and even that that
it's not [ __ ] guaranteed it's a
really dumb idea for what
okay destiny well this is a lot more of
a nuanced take than you had on Twitter
when you just said that buying a home
isn't a great way to build wealth
because on a very very technical level
it kind of sort of is it's just maybe
it's a maybe she's a bad way to build
wealth but it still builds wealth
destiny and I'm real upset about your
horrible left he takes on that's gonna
be the whole debate there you go okay
there it is
what did he mean by this the Matt let's
go this guy supposedly works for the
Young Turks why does this dumb [ __ ]
follow me wait does he or does he who is
this guy somebody told me that he like
he works for like either the michael
brooks sam cedar people or he works for
like the young turks as a journalist or
some [ __ ] the majority report this
[ __ ] tweets what did this guy tweet
it was the dumbest [ __ ] tweets i've
ever done in my entire [ __ ] life this
is precisely why my point has been for
those wondering why i'm mad at those
sentry shooters trying to nuke a popular
policy
[Laughter]
what did this guy tweet where was it I'm
not gonna find it this guy [ __ ] tweets
all day what the [ __ ] wait was this guy
the one who is the guy that tweeted who
was the guy that tweeted if Obama likes
you so much Biden why didn't he endorse
you what a dumb [ __ ] tweet why the
[ __ ] would you expect Obama to come out
and endorse somebody this early in the
[ __ ] primary say even though even
Obama Dean even towards [ __ ] Hillary
until the primaries were [ __ ] over
that was Ken clip and stern oh is that a
TI T YT guy I don't know I don't care
dude I can't wait to talk to Michael
Brooks an on champ [ __ ] mind-bendingly
[ __ ] stupid conversation holy [ __ ] is
priming a question inherently bad the
thing is when you prime a question it's
to get a particular answer and if you
primed the [ __ ] out of a question and
you still only get to like [ __ ] 50
whatever per set that's pretty [ __ ]
bad like if I tell you hey like if I ask
the question like how do you feel about
destiny tier 5 subs and then you like
maybe the court maybe the response I get
is that like Oh 30% oh [ __ ] his tracks
ready oh hey okay right maybe you got
like a 30% approval from DGG Jeff oh
yeah tier 5 subs sound awesome then
let's ask a question hey
so tier 5 subs are going to improve the
overall experience of the dgg chat
there's going to be more features in the
chat I'm gonna do more cool things on
stream and it's gonna make everybody's
lives way [ __ ] better how do you feel
about tier 5 subs then that support
number is gonna massively go up right
it's called priming leaky this is like a
super well known phenomenon it was
stalled when he came on didn't stall
talk about this it's not even related to
necessarily polling like it's like a
psychology phenomenon oh [ __ ] I want to
watch a wait do you have topics while on
make tracks do somewhere before we okay
priming psychology oh my god what is the
UM there is an awesome experiment where
students are in a classroom they're
asked how they feel about like love or
something there are so many of these
like priming experiments some of these
mission later on in the show okay time
to move on
now then here is a question for you how
gullible do you think you are because
recent research seems to suggest that
we're incredibly prone to the power of
suggestion we just can't help us
anyway we have set up an experiment to
put that to the test a pretty decisive
person I make my own decisions I
understand the reasons why I make the
choices I do or do i I mean does anyone
I want to see if we can change the way
people act without them realizing that
being manipulated
we've asked members of the public to
take part in a series of tests which are
being run for us by psychologist Peter
Nash so nothing nasty to do so hopefully
you'll be happy to stay right the way
through the participants are given a one
handed counting tarsem Ready Steady Go
they're told we're looking at left and
right-handedness but this is just a
front a second group of similar
volunteers do the same test but instead
of boring old bits of paper this is
where we get you to count a pretty large
pile of money they get to count real
banknotes this is the only difference
between the two groups let's see if that
small difference can affect their
behavior
the reason Horning is not a good
investment cuz you can get a huge loan
today they start building equity today
you can't go to a bank at Hunter K loan
to invest in the markets when you've
just started your career the difference
though is that when you invest in
markets when I buy securities I will
never ever ever incur a cost for owning
a share of a company do you not
understand that I'm never gonna have to
replace the roof on my Vanguard account
I'm never gonna have an air conditioning
unit or plumbing or an electrical fire
or any type of thing like that go bad on
a security that I own so yeah can you
leverage debt in a unique way for real
estate you can't necessarily leverage
for for buying securities for sure but
that's not really relevant unless you're
actually gonna generate revenue with
that asset if you want to tell me
destiny I want to leverage a [ __ ] ton of
debt to buy like a rental unit that I'm
gonna rent to other people to generate
revenue would [ __ ] it sure go ahead
because at least that rental income
you're gonna be earning it's gonna be a
big hedge on the volatility of normally
owning a home but if you're telling me
like oh well you're gonna leverage your
[ __ ] ton of debt to buy a place and
[ __ ] live in it
okay sure I mean I guess if you
understand you're spending a lot just to
live somewhere but you're not getting
anything for your money don't [ __ ]
yourself anything you're getting
something you know for you in exchange
for your [ __ ] loan sorry okay
we've asked both groups to compare two
bowls of sweets what we want you to do
is say which you find that most
chocolate see the most crunchy and so on
given ten minutes to make their
decisions become enlightened centrism
kill me
Pepe hands on the Left those who counted
paper only eat enough to answer the
questions correct Rendon I was wrong you
actually can lose money horribly on
stocks like that because you could
actually take out a loan or you could
spend all of your money on [ __ ]
derivatives okay you could buy options
if you wanted to okay so there is an
equivalent I guess if you want to buy a
[ __ ] ton of options okay there are
literally tons of economists that agree
buying a house on average is about
investment sure but it's like this is
something that I think I can show
deductively we don't even have to could
just like confer confer consorted
like empirical data on this like it's
just but the people who counted money
just kept on eating destiny I know this
isn't your argument in the UK there are
a good chunk of first-time buyer
provisions that make buying a house
pretty decent as an investment
sure but if anything that kind of
supports my argument if housing is so
like naturally not profitable that
people need like special incentive
structures to even consider it over just
renting I mean it kind of looks like
it's not probably that good of a deal
then right
amazingly the group that handled the
money ate 50 percent more of the sweets
it seems money can make you hungry
this effect is called priming
influencing a specific behavior without
the person being aware of it but how can
you money have an effect on thanks NIM
well money seems to trigger an innate
desire and in many ways having money is
the same as having resources and back in
the dim distant past why invest in an
intangible asset you can invest in a
tangible asset what what I'm sorry is
this conservative talk radio what the
[ __ ] cares about an intangible asset if
I were to offer you a [ __ ] house or
the equivalent cost of that house and
shares of Amazon like what do you mean
like oh well well I can point to the
housetops intangible asset okay I can
[ __ ] set your house on [ __ ] fire
dog like I you can have a [ __ ]
hurricane destroy your [ __ ] you have a
tornado run whose [ __ ] are we gonna earn
quick run your [ __ ] over just because an
asset as tangible doesn't necessarily
make it better than an intangible asset
like shares of a company resources food
I didn't even know at the point of this
video my repos with so many times what
are we even testing right now in food
and linked by the same basic urge to
survive
guys put trash bags in your garbage cans
is disgusting as [ __ ] you could argue
that it's not that hard to change
someone's hunger level but my
psychologist friend Peter tells me we
can also change how people treat each
other again without them realizing
they're being manipulated I have to see
this first we reinforce the priming both
groups get an identical word task except
that for one group the words are related
to money and wealth then we secretly
film them and watch their behavior as my
friend struggles with a pile of papers
some of our volunteers stop to help her
but not everyone feels the need to help
[Applause]
guess what
those who handle the money are more
likely to keep on walking it's not that
they're simply being unhelpful
psychologists have studied this and
found all kinds of subtleties it just
seems that money makes you more
self-reliant and self-reliant people
expect other people to be self-reliant
to great conservative conundrum if I was
able to make it in this world
by the way my parents paid for every
single thing I had until those 26 you
should be able to as well
our prime volunteers don't think my
friend needs help with her drop papers
money doesn't just change the way we
feel about people apparently it changes
the way we feel . so we're going to test
that out here with little ice cold
torture right it's time to see if our
money priming has changed how much pain
our volunteers filled
yes bit nippy yeah there's no pressure
take that whenever you're ready yes this
is incredible as a group those who
handled the money are coping in the icy
water for twice as long as the group who
handled the paper if I stood here for an
hour which he kind of cool an ambulance
researchers think that the reason for
the pain reducing effect of money is
again due to psychological links surely
this pain should Azmi me man I [ __ ] I'm
[ __ ] some day some week well you're
going to spend like a whole [ __ ] week
just going over all the random dumb [ __ ]
I've ever learned in [ __ ] psych
classes there is so much unbelievably
interesting [ __ ]
about how insanely [ __ ] irrational
humans are it would blow your [ __ ]
mind how crazy how oh god like you it is
you have no idea how horribly stupid you
are as a human it was one of the most
important one of those humbling classes
I like I've said this a million times
and I'll say this I'll say this again
one of the most humbling [ __ ] classes
I ever took in my life was my it was it
was like the equivalent like a psych 101
class in high school right it's like
learning about how many different ways I
make bad judgments about things like how
many different ways you were susceptible
biases you're incapable of evaluating
situations you are or you are influenced
by things you didn't even [ __ ]
consider about [ __ ] like there are so
many different things some of you might
even be innately aware of this because
if for instance like dealing with
friends like here's like a really simple
thing a lot of people maybe aren't aware
of this because it's a cultural meme
right a lot of people don't realize how
[ __ ] upset they get when they're
hungry right it like it seems like a
meme but like there are times and this
even happens in my life sometimes we're
like I'm kind of grumpy and I stopped
when I think as I : [ __ ] should I just
like [ __ ] eat maybe I just need to
eat something or if you've ever dealt
with a [ __ ] kid before okay god
[ __ ] damn it kids get really [ __ ]
grumpy when they need to sleep and they
don't realize it and like I if you're a
parent I can tell us with Nathan
instantly right when it's like
[ __ ] you need a goddamn nap not
in that because
I'm tired of dealing with your [ __ ]
[ __ ] but you need a nap because you are
[ __ ] tired and grumpy and it is so
[ __ ] obvious you need to lay your ass
down rest for one hour and then come
back and you will be a hundred percent
better like holy [ __ ] like there's like
so many different subtle things that
influence our mood like on a day-to-day
basis like not just like a little bit
like oh like maybe you'll be a little
bit more but they can have like dramatic
swings in terms of how you act towards
other people or treat other people or
how you view certain events or the
decisions that you made months yeah [ __ ]
and yet somehow we are the supriya or
life form on earth go butterfly thanks
this is a real bad take could you
imagine if you chose a do you want your
taxes to up as compared to a question of
do you want your taxes to go up to fund
the EPA so you can actually breathe
outside saying wait what's the where's
the bad take I don't understand like
telling such order someone to do X task
force asked them if they could do ass to
X task oh yeah sure I think I brought
this someone a conversation with someone
a few days ago we even we're like the
difference between like dude if you want
to like if you want to you want to make
somebody really [ __ ] hate you I think
day nine even said this in one of his
videos there's a term called kill him
with kindness if you really want to
[ __ ] get under somebody's skin if
there is somebody like a workplace
that's confronting it with something or
somebody usually when people confront
you with a problem usually if somebody
confronts you with a problem you can try
this in any part of your life and go and
post a my subreddit if I'm wrong and
I'll show up and I'll suck your dick
okay if you have somebody at work come
somebody says hey you [ __ ] this thing
up and it's a real [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
person and you know they hate you and
you know nothing you do is ever
interesting right right and you look at
that person your natural instinct is
always to get defensive that's what you
always like oh I didn't [ __ ] it up above
a block right if you tell that person
hey you know what I think you're right I
did make this mistake
you really seem like you know what
you're talking about can you help me
like fix this
that person will nut can't hate you they
might even hate themselves for how
incapable they are of hating you at that
point because as soon as you've moved
into the position of asking somebody for
help for something it is the one of the
highest forms of flattery
that makes you an impossible person to
hate that like there is like there are
like little minor things like that when
you deal with people that are incredibly
powerful it is stocks bugged yeah I
don't
his meme smell like peepee poo-poo
Duggars I don't know if this is actually
like recommended there's like doesn't it
seem pathetic though to the weak man to
the weak person it might seem pathetic
because to the strong person you think
that being alpha is like constantly
being on top of somebody is constantly
[ __ ] on somebody it's constantly
attacking someone - are all [ __ ]
alpha are but the real alpha is using
your mind to bend people to your will
okay you can sit there and fight with a
boss all day long or you could use your
superior big alpha brain to force them
against their will to like you because
of how manipulative you are with the way
that you treat them okay I had a guy at
it I had a guy at the casino that would
disrespect when I was just an employee
that hated my [ __ ] guts and this was
one of the guys that actually taught me
because I was tighter because I didn't
like the fact I think is because there
is another girl that worked there Steph
who was so [ __ ] cute this girl was so
cute but I think he got jealous because
I was talking to her too much or
something I don't he was one of those
guys that's like had a crush on her for
like two years but like never [ __ ]
didn't anything so whatever but like he
started to hate me at work and was
getting really [ __ ] old because we
worked all the time it was kind of
annoying having and this guy knew how to
cook even though he was father house he
knew how to cook and I didn't know how
to cook so every time there was like
some downtime or whatever I would ask
him I'd be like hey like there's one
order that came in or whatever like can
you show me how to do like steaks or
whatever like I don't want to cook this
whatever and by the end of like a
two-month period like this guy and I
were like best friends like he was like
confiding in me like it would [ __ ] about
like this girl whatever any like on top
of everything like this guy this guy
went from absolutely [ __ ] hating me
to like being like a close friend at the
casino like it was insane oh this
dumbass [ __ ] book that I read in um
in school I don't know if it's good it's
this it's this [ __ ] book how do win
friends and influence people I feel like
I pulled like so many little random
[ __ ] tips and [ __ ] out of this I
don't know if it's like a recommended
book or not I don't even know where I
got this but I got this one like eighth
grade I was like oh [ __ ] it and I
started reading it was like there are so
much crazy good information in here it's
absolutely mind-blowing holy [ __ ]
there is so much [ __ ] in here remember
people's names is another good one oh I
think I pulled that advice out of this
book when you meet somebody what I try
to do I do try to do this whenever I
meet somebody I try to remember their
name and one piece of information about
them dude people feel
so special if you can walk up to
somebody and be like oh [ __ ] what's up
oh yeah you're I'm [ __ ] like John how
is the thing going that you would ever
mention last time like you said that you
were doing this thing how is that going
dude if you can remember that about
somebody when you meet them like coming
back on after not seeing them for a
while oh my god people think that you
are like the most kind attentive awesome
wonderful person ever
people love that dude is an amazingly
good tip for like getting to get get
like trying to remember just like a one
piece of information about you and then
a name if you ever listen to me talk
this is kind of a me anything I brought
this up before in chat wait whose am i
who's watching right now okay listen
okay I brought this up before but like
this is like a common thing to when
talking to girls right if you're trying
to like figure out like how to show okay
well first of all nothing you do can
ever fake genuine interest okay there is
no tip or trick for that if you're
trying to fake genuine interest to
somebody it'll never [ __ ] work don't
do that right but there's a there's a
technique in comedy called a callback
right will you make a joke related to
something that was earlier in the skit
it's really really effective if you can
make a joke when you're talking to
somebody about something they said like
earlier in the conversation because you
instantly like deepen the connection you
have with that person like a million
[ __ ] times over because not only did
you make a joke and you make them laugh
so be funny by the way that's a
prerequisite of this but you also make
them feel like oh holy [ __ ] like you
remember something that I said earlier
in the conversation like he's super
invested when I'm saying most people
when you talk to them expect you to
forget almost everything they [ __ ]
told you like because just a lot of
people do but if you can hold on to
pieces of information like that and then
incorporate it or reincorporate it into
a conversation later holy [ __ ] it's kind
of like learning how to spot quote like
in a literature class instead of just
like quoting like ten [ __ ] paragraphs
of like a book you like take like like a
phrase or whatever and you work it into
your own words and it makes it feel like
you have a better grasp of the material
right same thing when you're talking to
somebody if you can take something they
said earlier in conversation you know
like somebody tells you that they
[ __ ] hate your sibling they hate
their siblings and they can't wait to
move out or whatever and then later on
they mention I don't I can think of an
example time at right but like being
able to like rework in past content to a
chronic conversation super super super
effective destiny do you honest belief
you've got the perfect beliefs yes I do
I almost took the bait but I see your
name is Cuban soy boy
I'm pretty sure you spent the last like
two days of my chat relentlessly asking
me to debate logs and boys because I
remember you because I see you type it
like a million [ __ ] times nice try
though okay hold on I need to put pants
on not that I don't have pants on
because apparently nobody does how about
me one sec is there a book to be more
witty or funny oh man I don't know like
one of the problems with with being
funny is that like and I've said this
before this is a really hard one ah [ __ ]
me Jeff actually talked about this
before on a podcast or something and he
agreed with most of what I had to say I
consider him to be a really funny person
or he was really funny before he died if
you if you for every joke that you tell
that's like really funny as a person
you've told like a million horrible
jokes that aren't funny at all it's
really important to be able to fail like
anybody that's like decently funny has
told a million unfunny things or had a
million jokes fall flat on their face
like if you if comedy is something that
you're too shy or unwilling to
experiment with you're never gonna be
able to actually like be consistently
funny so like yeah so like moving
outside of your comfort zone like taking
an improv class or something it are like
steps that you can take to try to become
like a little bit more humorous you know
clothing cannot be strapless on mixer
clothing can reveal more than a hint of
cleavage but so covers the entire
visible body holy [ __ ]
you know what agree or disagree with a
mixer these are some real ass [ __ ]
standards amen nicely done 18 plus
stream the chest must be covered from
the bus line to the end of the ribcage
no under cleavage like that's some exact
[ __ ] [ __ ] okay like love it or hate
it at least you know exactly like what
the [ __ ] is allowed I like that
yo my dude glad to keep subbing the
debacles this last month are interesting
it's definitely made me rethink some
things would love to come on and ask you
a question one of these days wait but
you just sub to me white why didn't you
just ask the question with your sub
should I should I block us out on
Twitter huh I don't want to I don't like
what are like never interact with again
but like it's kind of annoying that he's
like constantly [ __ ] like he Snipes
my tweets so much it's just getting
really old
like it's always the same dumb [ __ ] left
he takes dude his whole subreddit it's
like obsessed with me I shouldn't have
started interacting with him again like
dude oh my god this is like the dick
mask isn't [ __ ] like all over again like
holy [ __ ] [ __ ] oh by the way not
tanki's by the way what was the Soviet
Union really like this 272 album really
gives some insight not tanki's by the
way
but like holy [ __ ] yeah like his severed
it is [ __ ] obsessed with me am i dumb
for not doing the MLK quote until you
mentioned it
um I mean probably not it Spence what
you listen to for being popular or not
I saw Hasan subreddit start to use it
about me a few weeks ago maybe 10 maybe
10 to 15 days ago and then a little bit
after they used to buy me I saw a son
like kind of copied it and you said
about me and they severed it - no he's
using again it's kind of funny that he
like takes his talking points from his
[ __ ] subreddit to attack me I think
it's cute when dude the rust memes start
again what's your opinion on support for
Medicare program is 70% when asked if it
guarantees health insurance as a result
Americans you can get it up to I think
50 52 % you can get it up to bat high if
you prime the [ __ ] out of the question
yes that's the data that I saw oh can
you tell us the quote basically it has
to do with Martin Luther King being
critical of at a time when black people
were fighting for civil rights a lot of
white people were like yo chill like
this civil rights [ __ ] is pretty extreme
Dawg like I don't think you I don't
think white people are ready for this
and then Martin Luther King's idea is
basically hey like you can't put a
timetable on another man's freedom the
white moderate is the most is the
largest roadblock that the black person
has to deal with in order to get like
their rights recognized or whatever just
a nice tank whether not you think that
Hassan took the idea to apply the quote
to you in a seminar I think probably
knew about it before then oh yeah no I'm
sure you 100% knew about it before then
so it's a really popular quote but I'm
almost positive that he's only using I
guess I could separate I said tuned is
like oh that's a good idea
otherwise I don't think he would ever
think to use that court I guess because
it doesn't really make sense like if you
want to start using that MLK quote in
that fashion do you basically just say
that literally anybody who's a moderate
is like you put the MLK quote on it like
that's like really weird
because that's essentially what they're
doing to me about like health care so if
you're like I think that uh I think that
you should get twenty an hour minimum
wage it's like I don't think we can get
twenty our minimum wage maybe we should
serve like ten an hour minimum wage
you're like oh you only want ten and I'm
in a wage well huh MLK's got some words
for you buddy
Oh fight you got me my bad dude the
white moderate I heard you were going
vegan um I'm trying to go vegan right
now I'm like I'm I go vegan on every day
that week service Saturdays my one meat
day like I just try to do that oh so
you're a moderate vegan I'm okay he's
got a quote for you buddy like okay [ __ ]
you got me I'm just kidding I'm not
going vegan I was just an example okay
chill haha
can we get Nate silver Ron I've got to
be big enough to know he's he's like a
pretty big guy right no I don't think I
could I don't think I could talk to him
I would talk to Sean Carroll [ __ ] I love
this oh god he's like my spirit animal
right now so much holy [ __ ] why do you
think providing a counterclaim to a
misleading claim is priming a question
I'm genuinely curious if I want to find
out what you think about a particular
idea then I should just ask you that if
I say something like if I were to say
something like what do you think about
do you think that stop signs are
effective in the United States that's an
okay question if I were to say do you
think that stop signs a tool that's used
to save lives in the United States are
effective right or if I were to say stop
signs a tool that makes traffic safer
for people to know get well now I'm
hardcore priming the question do you got
it do you understand the difference
because if you see like that word safer
well of course that's good like yeah
sorry do you see that were like saving
lives of course that's good yes right
you're priming the question you're not
actually figuring out like what do
people think about this you're finding
out what they think about the other
things you're saying right okay but you
aren't talking to people that care about
that desk you're talking to activist
what polls don't pull activists what do
you mean I don't think you primed the
question to us and you prime the
audience me personally oh yeah I
probably do I mean I try not to suppose
I can but holy [ __ ] I'm sure of course
like apparently health care is easy to
understand
Seanna health care what it doesn't the
original questions polls about health
care mislead the people that are pulling
weight where it doesn't just ask me
what's your support for Medicare for all
of you if all part of insurance has to
be dropped I mean that's I mean it's
hard to say like what misleads people
what wouldn't miss it
why can't you apologize I'm focus on
area we're done with that [ __ ] I don't
care anymore he's missus typing my
tweets for sawing I'm done playing nice
I'll just he says dumb [ __ ] I was making
fun of him on Twitter like I do with
anybody else if he gets baited into
coming on it debating with me I'll just
if I could make him rage quit another
debate and then Melissa might want like
that I don't give a [ __ ] it's really
really really annoying I think I'm like
snipe like every single [ __ ] tweet
because he wants to say some cutesy
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] [ __ ] because
he's got like he'll just go and like
circle jerk on his starboard up for two
hours afterwards and then come to my
server to and Brigade the [ __ ] out of it
because it's not just enough for his
subreddit a circle trigger means another
subreddit a circle from your waste creek
Wow
that's me you are Jake Poehler waiting
for I wish I could I wish I could be
Jake Paulson so turn like now I had
these dreams all the time that I walk
through that suicide forest and I see
you hanging oh my god
Nana that's really [ __ ] up I'm just
kidding we all know the Rope could never
hold you so damn what Halley's [ __ ] I
remember these oh okay I'm done how you
doing bullying me the victim part big
he'll get him banned do not do the
victim card thing Greek I'm really upset
he played respiratory 1 our reply to
this to you though Hassan's the fans
think he won sounds fanciful always
secure one just like Sargon's fans
always thinks he's won just like every
alt writers fan Dick's fans think he won
like
why do you always ignore whenever you're
wrong aren't debase about the truth I
don't know I thought he said debates
were just show and I'm and I'm bored
being a performer now so back to my
stream like Hassan is literally like
tweeting in the [ __ ] studio at me
dude he's so much more invested and he's
[ __ ] Twitter fights that I am I don't
give a [ __ ]
nice Pelosi mean oh how triggered are
people today so Pelosi he's trying to
build bridges she should have done this
before lashing out publicly because
that's what a leader does but this is
really good of Pelosi they said send her
back but speaker Pelosi didn't just make
arrangements to send me back she went
with me so grateful the honor to
returned him into Africa with the at
Black Caucus and commemorate and
commemorate of the year of return
philosophy with Al Anam are also a
o'seas chief of staff that [ __ ] that
tweets out all the [ __ ] attacks
against Em's is [ __ ] gone he left
he's out of her [ __ ] campaign I've
seen different people say how much he
might be responsible for some of the
aggressiveness of AOC
behind the scenes but that guy is
[ __ ] out of here after you're from
the far left what do you think about
people like Sam Harris two very very
very Harris for hours on end turn all of
your conclusions are similar call to
visor any differences outside of the
academic is a debate how do you do what
do think about people like Sam Harris
you should [ __ ] Harris Harris is an
intellectual [ __ ] hack I don't like
him I never will like them nothing is
ever gonna make me at like hand Sam
Harris okay [ __ ] that guy [ __ ] what was
I saying
oh this is the direction this is like a
very very very positive direction people
like ALC and Ellen Omar the squad are
really [ __ ] good at garnering views
for unfuckin Twitter at social media and
[ __ ] and if they connect with somebody
like Pelosi and they can actually turn
that into some sort of like caucus
momentum or whatever it's a very very
positive thing very good dumping that
[ __ ] a OCS chief of staff it was
highly combative get that [ __ ] out of
here and then Pelosi building bridges is
really really good to please whose phone
has been tweet I saw this so I said been
admitted on stream that the only way
social network is if we had a global
socialist revolution
I think that was a good argument Ben
respond I'm sorry but this is just a
false this is just false and I'm
disappointed to see you make this claim
we watch the video I literally said
nothing even close to this what I did
say was you can't reasonably help
yourself to the premise of the u.s. to
be the sole Island of socialism in a
capitalist world given that any
realistic scenario in which the United
States became socialist would almost
certainly part be part of a much larger
larger global trend what what is the
distinction here you're basically saying
that socialism doesn't work in the US
alone unless like other countries or
every other country starts jumping in
with it like what like what what is the
meaningful distinction between these two
points like okay dude you have to read
his books like if you want you guys can
train fine like the clip in the debate
where he talks about that but okay I
need to go downstairs and eat okay I've
been eating Chipotle every day since I
got back and it's actually been so easy
to like eat like not that much that feel
when destiny got unbanned from Twitter
and everyone was expecting PO goo
content but instead he just post daily
doses of cringe weird shamp well it's
cringe because now I'm attacking the
people you like instead of the people
you hate so huh but holy [ __ ] compared
to like french fries and cheeseburgers
I'm not gonna lie it's a lot easier to
control your daily calories eating this
kind of [ __ ] is there no other places
newing you um yesterday I got ramen I
went to physical ramen house across from
me which is good one thing I didn't know
is how delicious [ __ ] pork fat is
[ __ ] it's so good I always get I think
it's called cha cha soo ciaossu it's
like pork it's like fatty pork belly or
whatever god it's so [ __ ] good oh my
god inside they're like spicy ramen bowl
is so good are you even Cuban if you
don't like that [ __ ] okay some Cuban
people are a little [ __ ] weird one
thing my family would do this [ __ ] I
don't know if this is like a I don't
know this Akuma think it is my family do
all Cubans always have like every Cuban
always had like a big loaf of like that
long they called it Cuban bread but it's
just like a long hard I'm doing like
jerk-off [ __ ] [ __ ] what am I talking
about if I type in Cuban bread will this
show up yeah this [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] yeah okay yeah everybody has
like this [ __ ] and I think my I think
even my uncle would do this thing where
they would like they would Samir like
fat like just lard on the bread and then
they would just eat it oh [ __ ] that [ __ ]
too much for me that's a Cuban sandwich
I don't know what it is but it's just
not Oh dark brow Germans here too
yeah [ __ ] that when you get ramen you
drink the broth yeah I wish I could find
a spicier ramen place though I don't
think Japanese and Chinese food is just
not that spicy but it's really good I
like the flavors though I feel like I'm
kind of wondering it kind of worried I
think the reason why I like spicy food
so much is because I just have no
[ __ ] sense of smell I wonder if that
like impacts my ability to enjoy like
other types of food I don't know have
Indian food yeah I don't have any good
Indian places near me or I'm not going
to looking Indian food is so [ __ ]
good dude my uncle would make these Cod
I should take this recipe I don't even
know how my uncle would make something
called black beans and rice that's all
it is this is like every [ __ ] Cuban
dish I've ever had has like a black
beans and rice foundation but these
black beans was so [ __ ] good he would
put like 700 [ __ ] million different
ingredients into this [ __ ] pot and it
was so goddamn good holy [ __ ] [ __ ] oh
my god it was so good do you still eat
seaweed as a vegan isn't it I get my um
those all in those rice balls is so good
[ __ ] I'm so happy I found it they a
little sriracha packets at it you get
like a ball of rice with meat on the
inside you put sriracha on it and you
wrap seaweed around it and you eat it
god it's so [ __ ] delicious oh my god
is so good okay I'll be back on Iran
size for a sec chill chill you might not
know this story it's a little told story
if American political
but there were me and a whole bunch of
other people that were that were doing
