hey how's it going hello hey hey yeah
pretty good sorry I took a lot longer
header wood how you doing I'm great your
ground that's good
yep okay which yeah you wait real quick
just so that I know who you are which
composition challenge did you do I did
like the last one and my song was called
Primrose okay
it was the like six-minute long one that
had like the sword sound yeah I know
exactly okay got you just making sure I
know okay cool wait have I seen you in
real life no but you did mention on
stream once that you thought you did but
uh okay I'm mixing yeah I mixed you in
another guy but I know who you are now
okay gotcha
okay but I am no longer mixing up cuz
now I know who you are
well gotcha I know you're not a thousand
ok so what's up okay so I have it's kind
of like a music criticism type thing
that I've talked to like I went to
school for music and I talked to some
process about it and I thought that you
might be interested in it as well yeah
real quick before you get into it do you
want a link introduce yourself and like
explain your background so people okay
yeah sure so I'm Abraham and that's my
real name and it's also my artist name I
make music on like SoundCloud and
Spotify and everywhere under the name
Ibrahim and it's like it's like
downtempo chill music if like you're
from familiar with like like in love
with a ghost or a city girl it's like
that kind of style of music uh-huh and
yeah that's that's basically me I went
to school for music and I would just do
this okay cool all right now you have an
argument a criticism of music no no no
not a criticism of music but it's about
music criticism so okay gotcha yeah um
but like okay so before I start I wanted
to ask a few questions so um like what
you went to school for music like did
you ever have to go to like student
composer concerts or any low god yes it
was party I can agree zero credit
[ __ ] required classes to graduate
yeah you know yep yeah me too okay yeah
when you like when you went like it was
I
assuming it was probably like a mix of
different types of pieces like some more
classical stuff somewhere like
experimental stuff yeah
totally dependent on yeah it was people
from all the bands in school yeah did
you ever have to like write anything
about those or did you just have to like
good no usually you had to go and
collect the programs and then turn them
in at the end of the semester to prove
your mind okay
okay so like when you wouldn't you judge
like music or classical music maybe
specifically like if I showed you like a
WC piece or like a Stravinsky piece or
something like how would you judge like
if it's good I guess I know that's a
broad question yeah so the way that I
typically narrow this I kinda have to do
this for my composition challenges I
trying to say whether or not I don't
think you can truly say well depending
on how country you want to get it I
don't think that art can necessarily be
good or bad I usually say like it's good
or bad with respect to something okay
yeah that makes sense
so like let's like what do you think of
it like concept art like have you ever
talked about that like when you went to
school for music or like just in general
can you beat that can mean a lot of
things maybe my concept art um okay like
content music like like like something
where you're not necessarily you're not
necessarily playing a piece of music on
an instrument but it's more something to
illustrate a point so this is like like
John Cage type stuff or yeah exactly
like John Cage type stuff or yeah things
like that my way with it but we didn't I
didn't get Eileen what does music go for
three years because I was working too
much yeah we didn't necessarily we
didn't go over this but okay so like if
you had to judge like like an
experimental piece of music like how
would you decide if it's good if you
can't rely on like just like how well
they played the piano or something um
that's a really good question I guess it
would be like what like maybe I would
appeal to how it makes me feel I guess
or what the intention of yeah maybe it
may be that maybe there's like how it
makes me feel yeah okay yeah that that
was sort of my stance on it too like how
it makes me feel and maybe also a little
bit like what the artist was trying to
do and whether they succeeded sure yeah
although not necessarily
far sometimes but my favorite example of
this is um I used to be hypercritical of
like avant-garde art or stuff that
didn't fit within the realms of like
this is what music should be I used to
think a lot of it was garbage and then I
was shown a picture of like a bunch of
scribbles on like a piece of paper or a
line like a canvas and it was supposed
to be like you know this is like a
person's drawing of their house and was
like this looks like shitty like [ __ ]
six year old drawings it's really stupid
and then I later was introduced to the
background which was a little girl drew
this and it was a representation of what
she thought her life was like growing up
in a concentration camp and then going
back looking at it again I was like oh
holy [ __ ] and it gave me like in it yeah
and that actually when I had that piece
of represented me like oh [ __ ] I have a
totally different view I guess of how I
look at this kind of stuff now yeah okay
that's interesting
um okay so I have like two sort of parts
to this I like I'll talk about the first
part which like is a little bit more
like on the side of experimental music
and then I'll talk about the other part
so this kind of conversation came up
between a professor of mine and me after
a student composer concert in which
someone wrote a piece about Trump and it
was like it was like fairly avant-garde
like there was an actor in okay so first
of all the piece was called flush and
instead of the S there was a dollar sign
that's how it was in the program and
there was there was like an actor in a
cartoonish mask that looked vaguely
trump-like and the character I guess was
supposed to represent Trump and then
besides that there was like another
amount of mascara Corinna masks
drumming on a toilet as well as like for
other people they were standing in the
back in a line marching in place and
like repeating things that the Trump
character said and I think they were
supposed to represent the wall like
there's something about that I think in
the program I'm like so the piece was
like very like intentionally like
British and like it was like a lot of
yelling and chanting and like when I saw
I wasn't really a fan of it I thought
like like and obviously I can't like
express like the how it actually was but
like in my opinion like all it was kind
of saying was just like Trump bad like
and for like in my opinion political art
should make some sort of statement
um and well actually first before I go
any further like what do you think about
that like based on the description I
mean it's really hard for me to think
much of it going by just a description
right like it sounds like a visual or
auditory yeah yeah okay so my professor
pushed back on this and he said isn't it
fine to have a cliche or tired statement
in art though like aren't there a lot of
pieces about how beautiful the sea is or
whatever like so if someone makes a
piece like in which it like if it's a
political piece like saying Trump bad do
you think do you think that's like a
fine idea for a piece or like do you
think it depends on the execution or do
you think the concept itself is weak if
it's just like I mean like the audience
is all like you know liberal probably
people who hate Trump right uh-huh oh
man I wish I there are like I'm sure you
take classes on like art criticism that
would equip me much better for this
conversation this is something that I've
like kind of talked about in the past
this particular thing somebody posed me
a question where I criticized some piece
of art and I was like this is kind of
like shitty story because it's way too
on the nose like I appreciate a lot more
subtlety to it and and it kind of sort
of blends into this conversation like if
you're like criticizing something like
if you were to make like a piece
[ __ ] I can't I can't do I can't I would
have to think about this so much more I
feel like in terms of like speaking how
I feel when you watch something and the
criticism movie vice I did not did you
see the big short I don't think I have
[ __ ] okay I watched Vice I haven't seen
it big short but like there are scenes
in this movie where they're being
hypercritical of like either Republicans
or like the wall street culture whatever
and like the way that they present it
it's like so obviously like bad like oh
my god this is so horrible like how can
you do this this is so evil and like for
some reason when I watch it like the
emotion that it evokes is like the eye
rolling it's like I get it like wow it's
so bad okay dude and it's like a huge I
roll to me it's like oh my god I
understand
and Republicans bad this is evil okay
dude but like it lacks like a subtlety
that makes me appreciate it I don't know
if I can justify my opinion though
that's just like okay that's that's
exactly like that's pretty much exactly
the same response that I had and uh and
one of my when I prof like what we
talked about this I kind of got like
because of like like he just said also
you'd have to think a lot more about it
meet like I did as well cuz like like
damn like well I mean is that even like
a fine like back like opinion that I can
back up just because like I feel that
way and then I was like I started like I
went down this like spiral I was like
well it's like should political art even
make a statement like what makes
clinical art separate from other art
isn't all artfully like I went down the
whole like thing and uh and and
basically like from there it kind of I
was like we started talking about like
the intent of the author like because
for me I sort of was like well um like
all like if the intent of the author is
just to like
explain that like Trump is bad then I
feel like I mean I guess they succeeded
but it's just like like I don't know
what they even really succeeded in doing
because I everyone in the audience
agrees with them but then it's kind of
like the same thing because your
professors counter-argument what from
what it sounded like okay well what
about somebody that makes the 10 million
song about love right like yeah yeah
exactly
and I would and and it was like that
whole idea of like like the author's
intent made me kind of like think about
like this other thing so here's like I'm
more interesting this is the second part
here's like to me a more interesting
hypothetical so let's say you're
attending a composer concert and you see
a piece listed on the program titled
fire in flames and the the person goes
up and there's like there's like a piano
in the stage and they play like a calm
piano and doctrine would I be or would
would someone be justified or like is it
a valid criticism to say it's not really
a great piece because it doesn't sound
like fire in flames like it seemed like
they tried to write a fiery piece but it
just ended up being
like soft and like calm I so I'm really
hesitant to ever use the phrase like
this is not a good or bad piece because
that like just good or bad I always try
to say with respect to something I would
agree though that like a valid criticism
like if you name a piece like of fire
and flames and it's like a solo piece
written for flute that's like a [ __ ]
like a very somber you know whatever
kind of you know prelude to some [ __ ]
like yeah that'd be like well why is
this called you know of fire and flames
yeah I think that's a valid criticism or
I don't like something like I don't
really understand the title I think
that's okay yeah okay
totally so okay what if then you like
later you ask the composer about this
and you're like why did you call this
piece fire in flames it was like so soft
and there and they're like well it
actually is about fire in flames just
like maybe not the type of fire like
it's not like forest fires it's it's
fires like fireplaces and candles like
do you think that's like a fine thing
for them to say to justify it I mean it
can be their justification for it and
then it's I guess it's up to you to
decide whether or not you think it's a
good or good enough justification I
guess I don't know okay that's
interesting cuz like when I if I you
know if someone said that to me I'd be
like okay well damn I mean that's that's
a point and then am I am I in the wrong
for then assuming that a fire in flames
is is now like a loud angry piece right
but yeah what you're saying is like like
I don't know where you're at right now
mentally on this why wait how old are
you just curious 23 okay cool when I was
in school when I was around I guess like
20 21 22 know I guess would've been like
18 to 21 my my mindset was always that
like if I need something meta to
understand a piece than the piece of
[ __ ]
I should never require an outside source
to inform me about the intent or to give
me any more information about a piece of
art to make me enjoy it more and if I do
then it's garbage I don't like it
however like I said that one that Nazi
girl piece when I when I saw that and
then was given the Baxter to that I was
like oh [ __ ] like it actually I view
this so much differently when I had that
moment I started to open my mind up a
little bit more to other pieces of art I
saw some in a museum in New Zealand even
a little bit recently where there was
like where there is like it was like a
bunch of boxes and a [ __ ] ton of lines
or whatever and like the and it kind of
looked like a whatever garbage art piece
but then like the description was I
guess some guy tried to draw would he
would he envisioned like the city like
either Oakland or some other city he
drew like his interpretation of it and
then it was kind of interesting looking
at the piece again I was like wow you
know well piece kind of looks really
claustrophobic maybe that's the
impression that he got you know there's
a ton of paths leading everywhere maybe
the city's overwhelming like when I
looked at it again with that kind of
like light I was like okay yeah you know
I can I guess I can kind of see it now
like given that information you know
going back to this a fire in flames
piece let's say that it was written for
Orchestra but like all of it was like we
still like a very I'll use the term
sombre again like a very like quiet you
know piece but then like maybe going
back for the fireplace thing maybe I
listen to like the snare drums a little
bit and now the light rolls maybe will
sound like a crackle in a fireplace
instead of like wondering like what what
the [ __ ] is going on you know I don't
think it's bad that you need meta
information sometimes to understand
pieces of music or or any kind of art I
think it just kind of adds another
dimension to it
okay that's really interesting yeah
that's that's like I sort of ended up in
that place as well and I had like
branching off of that I had two other
kind of like not I I guess not that
experience but I don't know what a
better word for that would be Leia wait
[ __ ] you just got cut off like say
you're talking with a friend and he's
like oh that was that was amazing it was
like it was supposed to be called title
like it was titled fire in flames and it
was supposed to be on fire you but like
he came in and totally subverted our
expectations it's like that's super
interesting and then and then you like
go talk to the composer and they're like
oh [ __ ] well I just was trying to write
a piece about fire in flames and I like
[ __ ] yes yeah like like now the
criticism is like positive but like they
failed in doing it like does that make
the piece bad or is that just fine for
the person to think now I mean at the
end of the day like our relationship
with art is like incredibly personal and
incredibly complex this kind of reminds
me of like when you're an English class
and you're analyzing like a story and
you take a you take us breath and you
take a step back and you're like hold on
was this actually the intention of the
writer like you know like it's like you
know is it now like obviously some stuff
is like very on the nose but then others
it was like do you think that the writer
actually meant that this character was
supposed to be symbolic of this thing or
is this just another reading we're given
of it but you know I think like with
really good art I mean I think that it's
meant I mean I think you can read a lot
of other things at other levels and and
whatever like additional meaning that
you take from it I mean that's just a
benefit to you whether or not the
artists have meant it or intended it or
not I mean I don't know yeah it's it's
interesting when I came up with example
it's interesting to view it in the lens
of like a student composer concert
because like if it's in a like official
you know like for something in a museum
I'm like okay well so there's obviously
like someone is recognize this recognize
this to have Mary but for something like
this it's like maybe the person just
literally did [ __ ] up but like you can
still enjoy it even if they did which i
think is like pretty interesting and uh
yeah by the way the other kind of side
thing I went down was when I was
thinking about this I was like okay
let's assume like like the fact that the
composer said like fire in flames is
like like is actually like you know it's
fireplaces and candles and I and I
accept that and now I've changed my mind
like I was wondering like how far I
could stretch this like if I if I went
and someone had a piece called like
machinery or something or machines and
then they play like again like I was
like a soft sweet Nocturne and I
criticized it for not sounding
mechanical like it should be like cold
and robotic like and the person's like
no like actually good machines are not
robotic like you know a watch has smooth
it like a watch that works well has
smooth gears and it should actually be
like it shouldn't be like mechanical at
all and then I was like damn I wonder if
I wonder if I would if I would be swayed
by that justification hmm cuz it's like
it kind of like that one like the firing
flame one seems like less of a stretch
like it's like okay I just was using the
wrong context for this it's like he has
to convince me now that like his
intention was like not not the common
like yeah yeah feels like we're getting
really postmodern yeah yeah yeah it's
it's hard I guess like one thing is you
have to be careful like but what are the
course
that we're asking right because like
these will kind of betray our intentions
when it comes to critiquing art if
somebody's asking like a question a lot
of like well does this count as the
serta said did this adhere to this
definition or they actually
accomplishing this goal right well at
some level like are you trying to figure
out like if this art conforms with some
you know rigid rule set that some people
have agreed upon at some point in time
or are you altima a scheme like am i
enjoying this piece of art or is this
piece of art enjoyable to other people
and I mean like I don't know there's a
right answer for what's more important
but I mean I would lean towards the
latter like as long as art is something
that's enjoyable I would never ask a
question like how far can I stretch this
you know if you can get multiple
readings out of something and enjoy even
more and more and more by either
stretching definitions or leaving them
completely by the wayside I don't think
there's ever anything necessarily wrong
with that like oh you ever I don't plan
you're like [ __ ] like I just I watched
this movie and I got this totally
different interpretation and it was so
enjoyable but maybe I'm going too far
right I don't think that's like right
yeah like [ __ ] if it's something that
you enjoy I don't think there's ever
ever going too far with that right yeah
I like I like that reading of it
I think after after this like I had this
conversation with I profit them and I
was like like I had this like fleeting
idea to like for the next concert that
you know that uh that there was - like
submit a piece called chase scene and it
was just like a really slow piece and
then like on the like at the concert
outside I can put like you're a
paragraph of whatever you like justify
the pieces and I was considering putting
a paragraph that's just like oh yeah
this is like a chase scene between two
Turtles and just like to see if people
would like you're like what the [ __ ]
like are you like allowed to do this is
this fine sure well that's kind of like
that's like a I don't I want to just
like postmodern a deconstruction view of
art right people do this right where
they challenge the whole point of this
is to like challenge like like what is
art or what is your definition of art or
what can be yeah and you could even do
something like more you can even do
something you know more than that you
can make a thing called like chase scene
or something and then like you do like
really slow quiet or whatever piece and
then your justification at the end is
like this is an old man like chasing the
end of his life like in a hospital room
surrounded by his family something like
that right and then maybe people would
have a different reading of it you know
yeah totally that's actually really
interesting sorry have you heard of um
there was a TED talk given by a guy that
does classical music you know what I'm
talking about
um just based on that description I
don't think so
his name is Benjamin Jesus Christ his
name is Benjamin Zander
oh that sounds familiar you know
probably washes somebody I'll just link
it you got to watch it now but um he
does the thing where he plays through a
is it is it a Chopin piece I think but
um he plays through it once and then he
realizes at the end he was like he was
like okay like this is really boring I
understand a lot of people fell asleep
maybe your mind started wandering and
then he kind of like refocuses the
audience and he sing like well here
here's like a really easy way to listen
to the tonality of a piece right every
every like you know older older piece of
music you know romantic and prior to
that it's basically centered around like
a resolution of the tribes own right is
going from your 570 or one more or less
an in more you know grandiose fashion
and he kind of like centers them in on
that and then he's like what you listen
to this piece try to think of like a
loved one that maybe you miss or maybe
you didn't have chances I could write it
or something like that and then you
place the piece again and it's pretty
obvious based on the reaction in the
audience that they take like a different
hearing of the piece that way and yeah I
don't think there's anything wrong with
that I think that's fine if there's like
something you can do to make somebody
view a piece of art in a new light or
something
I think that's yeah I think I don't
think there's anything wrong with that I
think it's fine we do it all the time
even in the real world I think okay
that's that's actually like really
interesting and I'd and based on what
you said by the way I just realized I
have seen that TED talk oh yeah you're
totally right yeah that that kind of
like meta not matter but I guess yeah
it's like outside of the text yeah and
even call it meta because like music is
so [ __ ] meta like if you would have
take anything that you've written today
and played it for somebody 200 years ago
kind of something absolutely [ __ ]
garbage like I don't even know how
somebody would hear with with the
tonality that they were routed and I
have no idea how they would hear like
contemporary music today you not in even
like mainstream stuff I don't know so
yeah like everything especially music is
like subject to like kind of like the
culture that it exists in and all these
kind of like meta interpretations that
are always flying around you know mm-hmm
actually that's a super good point
because yeah I mean a lot of it does
just
on the people around you the culture
that you're in and like who is
perceiving the art I guess yeah yeah
yeah well yeah that is like basically
either I say even and I'm old movies
there's like interesting stuff that I
like now that I never would have thought
I liked when I watch movies like you
know you don't like the movie like
Braveheart mm-hmm it's really
interesting to watch this movie to watch
like parts of Braveheart and then when I
see like all the people in the field
it's actually fascinating to me that
these are all real people because today
like when you cast movies today like
like if you like like Lord of the Rings
for instance those aren't all real right
like 90 percent movies like CGI but when
you look at like these older movies this
is like another another aspect that I
can kind of like appreciate right like
holy [ __ ] they actually got this many
[ __ ] extras like dressed up like in
uniform to shoot these shots like Jesus
Christ this must have been like so much
[ __ ] work that you wouldn't
necessarily do today yeah which is just
like another another way to appreciate
something I guess yeah that's an
interesting idea as well cuz like I also
like think about them even though this
isn't like the best example of that but
like sometimes I think about like how
like technical ability or like something
that isn't like just like the compelling
Nespresso
like how that factors into enjoyment of
something and like that's like an
interesting example of something where
it's like it's it's just interesting
that they got a lot of people like it
literally is just that's the interesting
part even though like there are other
interesting part of the movie like if
you like it would be the same like if
someone plays like a really fast scale
like on a piano at one point in a sound
like like just appreciating that because
of like how cool that is from like the
technical standpoint is pretty
interesting yeah
actually really well yeah and with this
kind of reading you can challenge a lot
of people get upset at certain things
and it's very interesting to kind of
like push people and why they get upset
about certain things so for it like the
two very common ones are one people will
say things like electronic music isn't
real music I was like well why well
because you know you don't have a real
people they're not even really playing
the instruments they're just pushing
about it's like okay well why does that
matter and like very quickly people like
oh [ __ ] I have no idea why the [ __ ] I
have this opinion right
like that repeated a lot totally yeah
like literally had that conversation
before yeah oh yeah sure yeah because
you do that kind of reduction yeah or
people that'll say things like when
artists like auto-tune on like [ __ ]
albums like it's the worst [ __ ] thing
ever like I don't like well why cuz it's
not their normal sing grace okay well do
you think Kendrick Lamar is [ __ ] because
he sure so I can't rap that fast but I'm
taking a [ __ ] breath right he comes
to the [ __ ] out of all of his musics
like well you know that stat was like
well I mean like let's say you could
have a better album with auto-tune and
with comping versus an album that you
know just has like you know people
stopped him to take breaths and no
auto-tune like why wouldn't you go for
the a better album or me or you know
sometimes people appreciate if you don't
you know if you listen like a lot of
like true yeah some rappers don't do
that at all you can hear them breathing
between passages and [ __ ] yeah yeah my
uh one of my piano profs in like well
the one that I had in fourth year
outside of his office had this like
cartoon like on a bulletin board that
was like if if steroids is like illegal
for musicians then likewise an attitude
like not allowed for artists and I was
like this is so wack to say like I
wanted to like write so they got
underneath it like because music isn't a
competition or something but I didn't
yeah interesting well that's basically
all the the stuff that I had to go
through but that was this is a really
interesting conversation you came at it
in an interesting way you know didn't
expect yeah I had to do a lot of this
kind of stuff cuz like um when I went to
music school I don't know where did you
go do you mind saying we went to school
at uh yeah Wilfred Laurier University
it's in Canada okay got you I'm super
jealous cuz my friend growing up went to
[ __ ] Berkeley oh god it sounded so
[ __ ] amazing holy [ __ ] my addiction
then I [ __ ] up at the audition like
badly what instrument is really piano
holy [ __ ] dude those I can't even
imagine [ __ ] kids are like 18
auditioning for Berkeley those guys have
got to be [ __ ] insane holy [ __ ]
they're insane yeah yeah like
unbelievably good yeah I should have
known I played like when I was
auditioning I played both piano and alto
sax and I I should have picked out two
sexes I feel like because all the other
schools like that I auditioned to there
was like there was like one school that
didn't get into on piano but I got into
every school on alto sax so I feel like
it would have been smarter to
bet on that but I guess damn that's how
good pianos like is like probably better
anyways this more versatile yeah [ __ ]
dude I grew up I did I don't know if you
know right I played alto and college
that was my argument I wish I would have
done a electric guitar instead ha ha
that'd have been so cool studying guitar
like people who study guitar in
university do some like really
interesting stuff all the people that I
that I knew who are guitar majors we're
like super interesting yeah and you can
do I hate I just the thing I hate about
horns is it's um you have to be like a
god to play alone and have it sound like
really good like without any kind of a
compliment is so hard and like with
piano like even being [ __ ] that I am
like I can play on my own like in place
isn't sound okay cuz you deserves it
yeah totally
things like attano just like you can
just jam and it's like fun you can't
really jam unlike a sex without other
people yeah yeah oh no not at all the
uh-oh what I was gonna say about cuz I
guess when I went to school I had there
was like it felt like the art world and
I hear this criticism a lot of like non
progressive art communities I don't mean
then the political sense I mean then I
like pushing boundaries like a lot of
like the art world is very obsessed with
kind of like gatekeeping the [ __ ] out of
everything and treating everything like
as a museum I'm sure you must have heard
this if you were you in a saxophone
studio did you do sax in college or no
no I okay gotcha did you ever hear any
sex my major is like relentlessly crying
about people like Kenny G oh definitely
yeah yeah yeah and it like you just
crafted yeah and it just like I like not
to get like not to make it like - not to
get like too deep in the conversation
but like it's just very interesting to
me that you have like jazz which was
like born and like these seedy clubs
from like black people for the played
music that a lot of people didn't want
to hear that we're kind of like pushing
like this this art form like in a
direction that was like very wrong in a
lot of ways I'm you know based on like
what was the established like recognized
tonality that nowadays for jazz it's
like literally like you have to learn
all the standards if you can't play like
tank five or giant steps you know in 52
different ways like are you even a real
jazz musician it's like why do we spend
so much time learning these old [ __ ]
pieces like why can't we do new [ __ ] you
know and like why do we worship the [ __ ]
out of like these old people like damn I
understand like learning old stuff is
important to like develop your to
develop your techniques it's a gait
ideas or whatever but like yeah some of
there was a really big like resistance
to like
pushing forward into like newer realms
you know like every jazz I mean like I'm
talking a lot of Chevrolet it might mean
like every school should be studying
people like bad bad not good or [ __ ]
snarky puppy not because they're like
necessarily amazing musicians because
like hey like this is jazz and it's
popular today and it's pushing things
forward like this is the type of stuff
like everybody should be like moving
towards right instead of treating it
like a like a giant Music Museum yeah
the wasn't gonna say it the way that
it's like jazz has been
institutionalized now makes me wonder if
like the same thing will happen to
electronic music or rap yeah yeah like I
wonder if there will be like a rap class
one day with a bunch of white people
because that's how who plays jazz today
in [ __ ] college right yeah like
biggie small biggie smalls and nuts are
the only real rappers and you guys doing
your new experimental [ __ ] today like
yeah yeah that's what it seems like it's
so crazy it's so weird yeah yeah someone
like at a blackboard explaining what
multi-syllable rhymes are like I don't
know I guess it's kind of promising in a
way but it's also like I wonder how bad
that will be well yeah but like it like
you don't want like for your
universities and stuff these guys
shouldn't be like lagging so hard behind
like music like this should be like not
maybe at the forefront but like studying
like what are the trends today and like
how is it that what you learned today
can be used to like move you forward
today why not
not like I want to go audition for a
[ __ ] orchestra that plays you know
charity concerts that are only attended
but like 70 year old retirees and
[ __ ] New York or some [ __ ] you know
definitely yeah I my favorite courses
that I took when I was in university
where the stuff where the profs like
we're aware of like the changing
landscape of music right like there
there was a in my composition classes
was where I first found out about um
what's her name joanna newsom or
something
she's like a harpist or something
Congress she's like like she's you know
she does stuff that's like very like I
think would be appreciated by people in
the art world but she's also just like a
like an artist like she's I think she's
like married or something to Andy
Samberg or something like you know she's
like modern and and such and like like
the best courses I think are the ones
that
kind of talk about like the stuff that's
happened after like 1960 basically like
I like or do you know who Colin Stenson
is yeah very good he usually plays tenor
sax right but he does like a lot of the
circular breathing [ __ ] right yeah yeah
yeah like I feel like although I mean
his stuff is definitely a lot more like
art music E but like even stuff like
that like needs to be talked about more
I think yeah for sure yeah yeah yeah
well I think that's basically all I had
this is uh this is pretty neat it was a
good discussion yeah what do you do
today
like are you still in school or are you
just trying to do music full-time or
yeah no I'm graduated I just do music
full-time it's like I basically most of
my revenue is from like Spotify oh [ __ ]
okay yeah I don't like live like I live
with my parents basically uh but uh it
makes like decent money so hopefully
over like you know a year or something
it'll be it'll be more that's awesome
beer okay I'm gonna hit you now I'm
gonna give you now I'm gonna give you
the hard-hitting question are you ready
you have two guys there honestly - okay
okay are you ready yeah okay the
composition challenge piece that you
submitted for me was this one that you'd
already been working on you tried to
sneak it under under my conversation
challenge oh um no but okay okay so
here's what it was actually so when you
when you like made the composition
challenge I was like okay I will
definitely make something for this but I
don't want to just make something like
for this so I sort of like tried to make
it like something for the composition
challenge but then could also be enjoyed
by like the people who regularly listen
to me that's why it's like yeah that's
why it's actually not even released on
like my sound like it's unlike the off
the jump page like if you see like it's
white that's why the title is like
Ibrahim Primrose I got you because like
my label was like releasing weekly
singles that year
I was like okay I can kill two birds
with one stone if I do the cop doesn't
challenge and submit that at the same
time yeah okay alright yeah but I can
see why you thought that okay
yeah uh okay cool awesome well hey
thanks for the conversation if you ever
want to chat again just let me know
about anything
alright for sure alright I'll talk to
you later yeah have a good one fine bye
[Music]
