all right white liberal reaction to
black conservative reaction to the I'm
not racist video from Donnie Lucas take
one
[Music]
how's everybody doing my name is Anthony
Brown Logan and today I bring you a
reaction video to this music video from
a guy by the name of George Lucas and
title hashtag I'm not racist now I
normally don't do any kind of music
video album or anything like that
reviews on my channel especially not
well if you never do reviews of music
videos you must be in a really good
place to review this music video because
everybody knows that the only thing that
we want is people that know fuck-all
about anything to come in and give their
opinion about something just because
it's got a political message thank you
for taking that on yourself what a great
man thank you because playing first of
all because you got dude with the whole
copyright claim issue how do what they
in this video by stopping it a light so
they won't say go on chapo every time
know if they want me to I would but I
don't know if I would or not I'm not
sure I mean I don't think they would
want me on I don't think I like fit
their normal guests or whatever also
there I think those guys are
significantly more left-leaning than me
so I don't know you know that whole
thing I do with that but beyond that I'm
not into rap too much anymore especially
not this so-called
socially conscious rap because there's
so much of the black last man I'm not
into rap no more especially not they're
socially conscious rap and I also didn't
really like gangster rap basically [ __ ]
black music goddammit get these [ __ ]
black people out of the [ __ ] music I
just want to listen to Beethoven by the
way what does this even mean I'm not
into black and I'm not into rap anymore
because of the socially conscious rap
what do you what kind of rep you want
we got pop rap we could do Eminem I
guess don't you on the floor make love
to you I don't even know what was that
[ __ ] just wanna stand hearing rhetoric
the victimhood new rhetoric I'm just not
really into it but for this particular
video you guys have been blowing me up
I'm talking about I know what kind of
rap this guy needs this is what he
wanted this is what the kind of rap that
he's missing
I have the a here not the ER so well I
wrote this song for the Christian youth
I want to teach kids the Christian truth
if you want to reach those kids on the
street then you got to do a rap do a
hip-hop beat so I gave my sermon an
urban kick my rhymes are flying my beats
are sick my crew is big and it keeps
getting bigger
that's cuz Jesus Christ is made nope
alright we're gonna go on my Facebook
page every single message has been about
this it's a viral sensation that we'll
get from that I'm on the guys YouTube
page right now
it already has 2.5 million views in one
day so this has gotten a lot of
attention I think he may CNN you know
I'm that that's not really the best
example to use but my point is that it's
gotten a lot of attention draven brand
is most cancers [ __ ] laying in the
game i like it in a very short period of
time so i got to give you guys my
reaction to it coming from the black
conservative thank you so much further
ado let's go into Rowley hit us up okay
I only okay I'm not gonna lie in the car
and listen I want to be here with you
I hold it about five minutes of this so
it's actually possible that this guy
does have a very reasonable view on it
and I get doctors eat okay however any
guy that identifies as a black
conservative makes me think so will
cease to pay your bills
yelling [ __ ] this [ __ ] that called a
buy [ __ ] and get a [ __ ] Mac as soon as
I say [ __ ] and everyone react wanna
swing at me and call me braces cuz I'm
black okay now the whole thing about the
info oh no you know everybody knows
that's a loaded term it everyone else
it's a double standard as well you know
black folks could say that most each
other white guys can't it's just one of
those things I mean it's just that's
just the way it is I mean I know sense
would be an associate being upset about
that you know Nicole okay yeah that's
okay
since what it is what it is MasterChef
okay it will get yeah okay sure talk
about some angry like you was around
back there like he was picking cotton
off the [ __ ] ground back there like
you was on the plantation getting down
back there I mean that's a good point
it's like oh no no that's a good point
how many times you gonna say it how many
times you're gonna say it to this guy oh
no like it was on the plantation get
down back there I mean that's a good
point
it's like why we're talking about
slavery you run the slave if you
watching this video and you're alive if
you're not a ghost
if you're not a poltergeist you were not
alive during slavery so when is I gotta
do with you I see a black man naming
this gun but I'd rather see a black man
claiming the Sun and now I mean just for
one day you've done some weed and some
liquor [ __ ] baby why you party on the
road you got no [ __ ] gold I mean [ __ ]
I mean that was perfectly sane I mean
look we know what's going on with the
whole welfare state oh no you know what
it is we know that people are out there
abusing it admission we need to make
sure that joyner doesn't see his fear
because I think if you watch this I mean
we'd kill himself do you think he would
using it selling the food stamps or
whatever they want so why is that
offensive to say why is that something
that should be so taboo to say you know
it's offensive that people are doing it
it's not offensive to actually just come
out there and tell the truth about
what's happening but let's keep going
you already late you [ __ ] need
to get your damn priorities straight way
it's like you try to be fatal but you
lay these [ __ ] and you rather sell drugs
and get a job at me straight and then
you turn around and complain about the
poverty rate [ __ ] out of my face I'm
with him on that I'm definitely with
them on that you know this is just
interaction between the two of them
that's kind of how it would go as well I
mean not really but the do might be kind
of violent the black do might be kind of
violent and the white do may not be as
Bo but I mean everybody what does that
even mean wait what's he trying to say
the black guy might you know wile out
and the white dude it'll be a little bit
more reserved like what is he even
trying to say here what is this being
told something like that you just got to
kind of take it if that applies to you
you know it doesn't apply to all of us
but it applies to too many of us can't
escape problems you can pray for some
change but can't break it data got
nobody else to blame so you blame Donald
you [ __ ] the world would it make
America's great condoms my boys been
back I'm not racist my sister's
boyfriend's black
I'm not racist my sister-in-law's baby
cousin Tracy got a brother in his
girlfriend's black okay that's that's
the whole thing about you know I'm not
racist to have a black friend that's
like a stereotypical thing you know he's
gonna say liberals do it oh my god is he
gonna do it he might do it is he gonna
do it he's gonna say liberals do it all
the time hold on maybe he won't we'll
see I wanna see what the song is going
like I've already seen this but you know
like at this point in the video
I was starting to see where this is
going and if you know like I know you
know where it's going
he's like I digress let's get back to
the song don't worry to build a wall to
keep the Mexicans out a mission and the
mall to the ghetto for now from not
racism and I never loved Mexicans in it
come on like it ain't about Mexicans
it's about people that come through the
southern border illegally its Mexicans
that live here that came from Mexico
recently who do not want to have the
illegals come over here because they
were escaping a very dangerous violent
and poverty-stricken place why would
they want that same element to follow
them over here where they came to escape
it is like if you were living in a place
like if you had a place that was on fire
and then you escaped that place why
would you want to fire
to travel to bring up your new spy it
doesn't make any sense but let's keep
going
die but I think the disconnect between
your culture of mine I worship the
[ __ ] idea what's a [ __ ] god oh my
god I'm sorry for the profanity
j-bot is rapping and starting to be
arrested and that's the [ __ ] within you
music right and your brain and slowly
start to convince you and you let your
kids listen and then the cycle continues
blame it all on the menu blaming on
those drinks blaming on everybody except
for your whole race blaming or white
privilege is blaming a white chair just
blaming a white citizen say mr. vice
president this is like one of those
powerful speeches put I'm saying ah lady
Sanders right the whole blame game there
the blame game is a game it doesn't make
any sense to play you know especially as
an adult male Texas possibility for your
home actions will be trying to blame
anybody else that ain't how life is
that's even matter if somebody else's
fault it's all about what you're able to
do for yourself the blame game Wow the
heart er okay so I'll see where this is
coming from I definitely see I'm gonna
give my full reaction at the end of it
but I see where this is going I see
where it's coming from
I'm just paying for this type of war I
heard Eminem's rap with the awards who's
he fighting for I can take that
[ __ ] to here right no more it's
like you wanna be so famous you'll do
anything for attention in the little
payment I can't take you nowhere without
people pointing fingers pants hanging
off your ass you ain't got no home
training put your [ __ ] pants up [ __ ]
put that Suzanne go take that do-rag
girl say that gonna rot your mouth quit
the pitiful stuff and then maybe police
stop killing you from so what the [ __ ] I
mean yeah stop acting like animals
hooligans you stopped getting shot I
mean that's just what it is
now hashtag night all we know that now
all goddamn this is some hot [ __ ] black
folks are like that everybody knows that
unless you just erase this just like we
all know that not all white folks are
gonna be some you know redneck hair blue
they're gonna come out and kill you
matter of fact some of the so-called
rednecks and hillbillies are the nice
people you know I love all y'all so you
know I think the main thing here is that
if you are fear free life of the police
if you are keep if you keep getting
locked up or whatever maybe if you
change the way you behave then it might
happen to you anymore all the crying and
stuff like that that last matter hands
up don't shoot that won't be necessary
if you just behave behave stay in line
boy that blue thing to see that race
again well let's keep going holy [ __ ]
this guy is on another level dude it's
like we're living in the same building
but splitting the two floors I'm not
racist but there's two sides to every
story I wish to die but the [ __ ] is my
support brand
oh here we go we're going to get we're
going to get the other side here comes
the real racism I wish that I knew yours
I was want to say this is a some good
production value in the video I will say
that you know I'm not necessarily
feeling the message because I know where
it's coming from I know where it's going
I know the crescendo like I already seen
it but even before I saw it I knew where
it was going but I will say that has
great production value and it could have
got an actual rubric America great again
hat that would have been fantastic but I
digress
[Music]
with all disrespect I don't really like
you white [ __ ] that's just where
I'm at scream it always daughter welcome
what kind of [ __ ] is that
okay now spoiler alert if you didn't
know I'm gonna same voice ah okay so
it's not the white guy - or the black
guy rapping this has got names or no
Lucas wow we didn't know dude I thought
I thought they just both have the same
type of voice the guy sounded white to
me did one of those people hold on I
have to add this if I can [ __ ] can I'd
like makeup column for miscellaneous
[ __ ] autism [ __ ] like so
I guess jesus [ __ ] christ
okay pictures right here on the screen
before you that's it was actually
rapping so I guess the whole point was
to have a stereotypical a white guy that
you will see make America great again
the beer big belly or whatever and then
the black guy with the crazy hair the
Calvary - one calorie show on the end of
this twist no real dark skin win it over
so just to have the two sides it's very
stereotypical kind of like going at each
other and this guy Joyner is from
Worcester Massachusetts mighty Puerto
Rican baby not even black I don't know
but I digress let's get back to it
oh and also to say all lives matter it's
a protest against your protest what does
that even mean
watch you matter that includes you how
is it a protest against you this is such
a dumb [ __ ] point this guy can I am I
allowed his Uncle Tom or do i get banned
in church for holy [ __ ] [ __ ] how
[ __ ] [ __ ] can you be like you
walk into a place you like hey dude I've
got some real problems some guys like
everybody's going problems like oh okay
yeah sure I mean but that doesn't really
of anything to do with what I'm talking
about you know like hey dude listen like
yesterday dad like I got raped by a guy
at a party was horrible horrible don't
worry all all rapists lives are alright
for his victims matter like okay yeah I
guess but like that has nothing to do
what we're talking about it seems kind
of distracting from exact that I'm
trying to tell you like holy [ __ ] oh my
god one guy appreciate your opinion and
then they got one gank but it kind of
failed what am I getting kind of failed
to I don't know how to count those I
let's say we each got one gang
when I'm saying that sure life matters
but mine does as well it doesn't make
any sense now if we was to say white
lives matter at our rally with you know
what's wrong with white light if you can
say all lives matter responsibly get
your protest but they say all lives
matter is in the same God
it's funny how liberals are so devices
within to be inclusive quit let's get
back to the song one in what so tune to
that was a kind of guy said we shouldn't
say it what we do and that's just what
it is but that'll mean that you can say
just cuz you got [ __ ] friends now
Clippers originated for you to keep
asunder but when we use it we know
that's just how we greet each other and
when you use it we know there's a double
meaning under and even about I do agree
with that I do agree with that the whole
when somebody says it that's white it
usually it's like a double meaning and
then when someone says it as black it's
usually like customers endearment
I do agree with that however I think the
whole thing is done I think that if we
don't want anybody to use it against us
we shouldn't use it amongst ourselves so
that's just my feeling but I do agree
what he said I wasn't picking cotton
physically that'll mean I'm not affected
by the history
how are you picked by cotton pickin
really Grandmamma with a flavor that's a
gift to me you ain't got no
[ __ ] this guy's parents
this guy's parents okay there's like a
decent chance that they were probably
denied like some type of loan or some
type of housing or whatever because they
were black because it was the policy of
the business of a bank or a lender that
literally says we won't loan to black
people right and this guy's like harder
who stroke you like this literally this
guy's like dad or mom could have been I
don't know how old this guy he's in his
40s or not how was your grandma slave
you lucky about 19 and this is 2017 so
let's just do the math you burn away
like at the earliest you're talking
about like 2000 like not like 1999 or
something like that it's like come on
you aren't your grandma can't be in the
morning since two years old so I mean
come on talking about being born in 1950
slavery was over a long time before that
but let's keep going I'm sorry you can
never fill my life trying to have faith
but I never fell all right it's hard to
elevate when this countries ramp my
whites judging me by my skin color in my
blackness trying to find a job and ain't
nobody call me back yet now I gotta sell
drugs for food in my cabinets you
crackers name's Rick it's all apart of
your jacket don't talk about no
[ __ ] sex but I'm making no
dough you think you know everything but
you don't want to copy your slave you
know try to steal black culture and make
it too wrong well what does black
culture is if the dis lang
is it behaving like a criminal what is
black coach you tell me because what how
about the music how about the the cult
how about the attitude how about the
clothes the dances wait what do you mean
what is black culture what the [ __ ] does
that even mean rap is like arguably like
one of America's like largest cultural
contributions to the world and it is
like a very uniquely American form of
music but okay as far as wait ICP jazz
to jazz as well
both of which came from black people
talk about black culture is always
something negative is never anything
real positive why can't black coaches be
inventing progressing building what has
it got to be a boat it's just you know
how you behave and the behavior is like
it's almost like culture sometimes can
be a reaction to the environment around
you and it's kind of like [ __ ] black
people of this special part in US
history where they were literal [ __ ]
slaves it's crazy how can you be so
stupid to let your culture be influenced
by the fact that you were literally
[ __ ] slaves what the [ __ ] what kind
of what [ __ ] take is this oh yeah
okay
dude you got plate did you see three
ganks on each side dude the counter
gangster [ __ ] perfect friendly gank
three enemy gang three but goddamn it
feels good
God it feels good with my [ __ ]
jungler shows up feels [ __ ] good man
you literally argue against alt writers
trying to preserve culture what is
nothing in this conversation same
preserving culture are you talking about
and we're gonna get an air Drake dude
look at that man when you pay attention
of bottling like these good things that
happen so soon why is that gonna be
black culture why can't American coaches
be black culture why is it go America
nope like what do you what do you think
these guys have never like thought for
one second like I wonder if anybody's
ever thought of a counter-argument to
the incredibly [ __ ] third grade basic
level basic dumb [ __ ] [ __ ] I'm saying I
wonder if anyone has ever thought about
a counter-argument to anything that
