okay so now that we've been more
informed about commas history I'm gonna
toss the second poll in chat okay so the
first poll I posted now there's more
people voting now so maybe things have
changed because there are more viewers
that might feel differently coming in
but earlier 16 percent of people thought
she was cool knots down to nine percent
sixty percent were kind of lukewarm
towards it before it's down to 43
percent twenty four percent hated her
before now that's up to 48 percent I'm
just kind of curious it was kind of
curious of what people think about her
so I've kind of done this thing in the
past that people been critical in before
where I kind of I think I've picked a
couple of like things that I think asan
or other people have said about like Joe
Biden house and I don't really feel like
not really feel like these points were
made in good faith I don't think the
busing thing is quite as horrible as
people present it to be I don't think
that the I don't think that comment
about the whatever things are gonna stay
the same I don't think that's quite as
horrible as people are making it sound
to be I don't he was saying it exactly
that that way and then most people are
usually very critical of me because it's
asam's job to do this investigative
reporting and all sorts of stuff and
that I need to I need to give more
credit to him and his reporting so this
video popped up on my feet before I got
an airplane haft on the airplane I
listened to his video and I am and I I
went through the claims on the video
because I was just curious like how much
of it was you know maybe exaggerated a
little bit how much of it was completely
correct and then you know was there
anything in here that was wrong and when
I started to go through the claims in
this video about Kamala Harris almost
every single thing Hassan says of this
video is either dead wrong or horribly
stretched out of out of what's actually
happening almost every single point and
it was actually was like really
frustrating to listen to we could either
go through it now or we can wait for
Assad later
and see if he wants to but like I guess
to give and maybe and I kind of wondered
after I went through it after I went
through it I was kind of wondering like
am I like hardcore am I like anti Hassan
am i projecting my hatred of lefty
people onto his own am I trying to just
like oh I'm gonna just agree with
everything because I hate that and I
really tried to look at it I like where
I'm being like I feel like okay am I
being objective I don't know it's really
hard for me to tell but like for
instance I kind of wanted to go through
and write down the claims to make sure
that we don't like changing them
I don't care well cleaning cars so like
here it's like here's an example of like
what this whole video is kind of like
hold on why do you kind of warn okay
first all right let's take a look at
what common hair sits on in fact okay so
like I'll just give you a sample just
look at this first claim real quick huh
number one she supported the law that
forces schools to turn on DA many
students over to ice separating them
from their parents I mean so that 2008
law that forced his schools to turn over
undocumented immigrants to ice or
undocumented students that forces
schools to do it I couldn't find any
information about that what I could find
was a 2008 law that made it so that
illegal immigrants that were charged
with a crime could be referred to ice
now you could argue it's just being
charged with a crime good or bad
probably not good Harris has come out
and said that she wasn't in favor of it
but I think that's significantly
different than schools just referring
undocumented people to ice right it's a
little bit different when you talk about
the fact that they had to be charged
with a crime first apparently this came
after an illegal immigrant who had been
charged with I think two prior crimes
had murdered three people so there was
like a lot of pressure apparently to to
to pass some tough on crime laws or
whatever but like I noticed that there
were a lot of claims like this that were
oh god this is a bad
reason to call this horribly stretched
yes I don't know I don't know whose mind
is more [ __ ] if it's mine
or if it's yours or destiny to be clear
schools gave up criminal immigrants I
couldn't find anything about that what I
found was a law that said that if if
students are and I'm sorry I didn't find
anything what students but if somebody
was accused of a crime then the police
could turn them over to then the police
could turn those people over to the
immigrations of customers informant
enforcement but the idea that like
schools are turning over kids like for
being undocumented I
your basements off your inability to
find this though okay I'm sorry
let me okay I'll be more clear there was
no law that said schools needed to turn
kids over to ice it was the police
department if they arrested somebody
that was found to be an illegal
immigrant that person was referred to
eyes right
do you think both are bad but one is
significantly worse do you think what
she did was fine so I know that we like
to play this game where and I kind of
like I have to be like um I have to be
really clear on how I speak because I
know the desire is gonna be to run the
goalposts on this one so one I don't
think that either was good Harris has
come out and said as much that she
regrets that she doesn't think it was a
good thing one and that too it was a
genuine question for him I don't trust
anyone anymore when they say with a
genuine question and two I do think it's
bad but it is significantly different to
say people that are arrested and charged
with a crime are going to be referred to
ice versus a school is turning over
undocumented kids to ice these are two
monumentally different things they're
both probably bad one is much worse than
the other much much much worse than the
other did they have to be convicted to
crime or can only be suspected it was
just charged with a crime they didn't
need a conviction which is one of the
reasons why it was pretty shitty do you
think this video is worse than others
Komal is one of the weirdest areas of
left-wing extreme bias I've seen it's
not weird at all though if you preface
this and some kind of does it for us but
if you preface this with the idea that
people in the left [ __ ] hate cops and
like that's it
then it becomes pretty easy to
understand why they would go so far to
like [ __ ] on her but it kind of feels
like this whole video is just like I
really hate cops destiny click-click
deep police link I've already read it
I went through a lot of this on the plan
I don't think a lot of different
articles to try and read about this this
article doesn't disagree with me though
on the campaign trail in Iowa this past
weekend Harris made some questionable
statements about a 2008 San Francisco
policy they report an undocumented youth
to federal immigration officials upon
their arrest by local police
it wasn't schools just turning over
undocumented kids it was people that had
been arrested and charged with a crime
so it's way different I'm not saying
that one is good and what isn't bad I
know that the you know the the desire is
I won't esta do you think it's okay to
just throw somebody over to oysters
because they were charged now of course
not but these are in
readily different things absolutely
different if you can't see that you're
lost you need to find your way again
okay
destiny I never said it would just post
it as a source for the upon their arrest
thing which also means does not equal
criminal yes I can't got to set that
literally fifteen times up to this point
I'll say it one more time
in case you didn't hear me which I'm
actually I'm not even gonna repeat it
because I've said it so many times you
should have heard it by now um cuz
people that were charged with the crime
not convicted of a crime which is why I
said it was bad I've said this at least
five times so far I wrote a little
google keypad down of all these claims
what's an example of something in that
video that was straight-up wrong the
thing that we just went over that was
straight-up 100% wrong it was 100% wrong
if politifact was rating that he would
either be rated as a false or a pants on
fire Falls schools were not referring
people to ice it was people that were
arrested undocumented immigrants that
were arrested and charged with a crime
were for a dice not schools it was
absolutely an absolutely untrue claim
okay if you think it was kind of true I
don't know what to say to you this is my
content is not targeted for people like
you era law number two she's fourteen
twenty day build I'm Colonel ice truancy
just parsley harming single-parent
households poor babies color and
homeless mothers this talk about this
locked finished black mothers up for
truancy come on Harris she did that
Kamala Harris straight up continue to
defend that truancy you need to describe
how she brought charge against a single
home his mother of three working two
jobs because of children were truant and
that was in her mind a success story
where we assigned prosecutors to go and
sit with the administrators and
physicals when they met with all the
parents and frankly you know the
prosecutors in my office who volunteered
to do this my homicide prospers my gang
prosecutors and they went over there and
I said when you go here that really mean
and so they didn't invariably the parent
said well who's the mean-looking dude
and the principal say well that's
someone that means the a Connell the
Harrison over here cuz she said she's
gonna start prosecuting you if we can't
work this out and through that
initiative we found cases like the case
of the woman was by herself raising her
three children holding down two jobs and
homes
she just needed some help but by shining
this infrared spotlight of Public Safety
on the fact that her children aren't in
school
we were able to figure that out give her
access to services that exist guys we
send a bunch of [ __ ] horrifying
looking dudes to scare the [ __ ] out of a
homeless mother of three it was barely
making ends meet
and guess what through that horrifying
process which is the only way we could
have figured out that you know she can
get the help she need and through that
process the attendance of her children
improved we dismissed the charges
against her and overall we've improved
attendance for this population Samsa
stood by 20%
anyway like I said so I'm gonna take a
big issue with the framing of this we
can argue whether or not it was good or
bad but the framing of this is basically
that Kamala Harris is sending police
officers to bully homeless people into
sending their kids to school or else
they're gonna lock them up in prison I
guess so I don't know how I feel about
this I would have to think about this a
lot but qumola stance on homilist stance
on a lot of the crime stuff was a lot of
the reason why these kids are criminals
is because a lot of it starts with the
fact that they've skipped school right
they don't go to school so the way that
she tried to address some of these crime
issues was she framed skipping school as
a public safety issue right I'll read
some quotes from her here from an LA
Times article I believe the child going
without an education is tantamount to a
crime Harris said in a speech to the
Commonwealth Club in San Francisco so I
decided I was what I said prosecuting
parents were true and see there's a
little controversial in San Francisco
frankly my staff went bananas she would
kind of with a laugh they were very
concerned because we didn't know at the
time whether or not it's kind of an
opponent in a race parents took the
advocacy statewide sponsoring a 2010 law
to make it a misdemeanor for parents
whose young children missed more than
10% of school days a year without a
valid excuse so this isn't for kids that
are sick this isn't for you know kids
that probably every reason but basically
if your kids just weren't going to
school that the parents could be held
liable parents could be punished with a
maximum two thousand dollar fine up to a
year in County Jail were both violators
allocative her judgment by participating
in regular meetings with school
officials and improving their children's
attendance so this part of the speech
some clip from Harris is a little bit
misleading when she was basically saying
was that by having prosecutors there by
having it look like you were going to
face serious repercussions as a parent
for not sending her kid to school
hopefully when encourage parents to work
more with school officials and to
utilize the resources that were there to
get the kids to actually go to school
now you I mean like so we can argue
whether or not this is a good or bad
thing I don't know how I feel about it I
have to think about more but like the
idea that the idea that that we're like
just sending cops to bullied parents for
hopeless parents into sending kids to
school I mean I don't know I don't see
anything different to be honest
[Music]
get the help you need and through that
process the attendants of her children
improved we dismissed the charges
against her and overall we've improved
attendance for this population in San
Francisco by 20% of it anyway like I
said whether they hold on one second one
second one second saying okay same one
and ITA's if either of you can email me
something in that article or something
in that link about schools referring
children to ice all in vain you okay you
know what email good luck
all right let's replay this it was
barely making ends meet I think that her
children aren't in school we weren't
able to figure that out
give her access to services that exist
guys we send a bunch of [ __ ]
horrifying looking dudes to scare the
[ __ ] out of a homeless mother of three
it was barely making ends meet
and guess what through that horrifying
process which is the only way we could
have figured out that you know she can
get the help to me welcome to Sweden
hope you have a great time where do I go
for the meet and greet I'll let you know
when I figured out
and through that process the attendants
of her children improved we dismissed
the charges against her and overall
we've improved attendance for this
population in San Francisco by 20% so I
mean whether or not like it's a good
policy or a bad policy right like Posada
is presenting this in an incredibly
[ __ ] loaded way right we're gonna
send prosecutors to homeless women shake
them down and threaten them for I've got
[Applause]
some day I will okay hold on if you're
just gonna come and be like insanely
anti-cop on my check
go to some other chat I don't care okay
I don't I don't give a [ __ ] but yeah I
don't I don't think the I don't think
the framing here I don't think the
framing here is very fair right
Camilla's goal was to boost attendance
in schools which is a good goal right
kids should go to school I think we all
can agree on that that kids should
probably go to school that's step number
one
right and then step number two is we
should you know if you threaten parents
with legal action is it possible you can
get some parents more motivated as it's
saying their kids to school I mean we
can argue whether or not that's a good
thing or a bad thing
I probably lean on the on the side that
it's not necessarily a good thing but I
mean if it does end up boosting
attendance if there weren't a lot of
people just being randomly convicted and
[ __ ] you know for no reason I mean and
then the statements following this are
really really stupid
anyway like I said using a Gestapo force
to threaten homeless people and talking
about that I think would you agree that
sending cops to people's homes is kind
of like bullying and scaring parents
yeah maybe a little bit but I mean like
the idea to get your kids into going
school to going to school is like really
important like let's say for instance
hearing something I wonder if I could
get anybody to conceive this let's say
you had parents that just straight up
didn't give a [ __ ] that their kids were
going to school or not do you think that
if you could motivate them using the
police force to send their kids to
school that would be a good thing or do
you think in that case it would still be
bad just don't let the kids go to school
they don't flunk out when I'm deal drugs
gonna be crimes do crimes whatever do
you think it doesn't matter or come on
be honest with yourself
destiny white dick ride her
I'm not dick riding her oh man you can
motivate them in a different way my dude
yeah of course there has to be more
reasonable ways sure but Kamala Harris
is a is a district attorney very very
cool
poeple Harris alright here's video
calmly Harriet's talking about how
criminal justice performers are this
idea that uh-oh he was gonna say it
after this this idea that what about
other ways to bolster people what about
other ways khamel Harris is a DA she's
not a legislator she's not like what how
is she gonna do other things right as I
would expect a DA to use police in order
to like move you know society or some
way that's pretty much all she can do I
think this idea that khamel hair is
gonna go to Congress who whatever right
legislation as a district attorney I
don't understand that at all I mean she
could sponsor bills I guess if she feel
strongly about them but destiny I went
to [ __ ] school what the cops would give
the parents tickets they wouldn't send
cops for parents houses oh yeah I don't
know if they actually sent cops to
parents houses here but um destiny why
are you talking why are you taking what
she's saying is necessarily true she
could be mischaracterizing her policy
work de facto um if she was I didn't
find anything about it so I'm we're
getting more of this LA Times out of
gold with children missing significant
amounts of time from kindergarten first
grade second grade and no one paying
attention to doing anything about it we
were seeing eight year old kids having
their futures carved into stone which
was just tragic said Mark Leno who wrote
the bill moon is a democratic
state senator from San Francisco I guess
like I don't know I guess it's
frustrating for me because like when we
talk about like kids are [ __ ] in
school we need to do something of people
like well you can't blame the teachers
okay a lot of these kids are [ __ ]
before they even get to school I don't
do any McGovern's ones like okay well
let's make the parents send the kids to
school and [ __ ] that should be like a
bare minimum all right like I'm of the
mindset maybe because I'm a parent maybe
it's a little bit maybe it's a little
bit different for me but like damn if
you can't even send your kids to school
the [ __ ] are you doing the [ __ ] is wrong
with you well why don't [ __ ] did you
have kids sure people [ __ ] up I guess
okay but like once you have them like
damn it's a very least you got to get
your kid to [ __ ] his school what the
[ __ ]
like what the hell that's like damn and
if the difference between a cop you know
scaring you into sending a kid to school
is there was Pete him going or not I
mean [ __ ] it
Harrison our allies have said that the
laws purpose was to prod school
districts to provide resources to
families of truant children not to lock
up parents but the Huffington Post
reported that several counties in
California arrested charged and
sometimes jailed parents under the law
backed by Harris the bots save America
anywhere Harris does his so from that
approach my regret is that I've now
heard stories where in some
jurisdictions DS have criminalized the
parents and I regret that that has
happened she said and I thought that
anything that I do have loaded that
because that was certainly not the
intention never was the intention never
was the intention so I mean I guess we
could say that like maybe her intention
was that she's actually evil and she
always wanted to lock up parents or
whatever but I mean she had other
Democrats that supported her on the law
the idea was to get kids to go to school
I don't know I mean I think that you can
take issue with her law I think that you
can Oh hold on and stuff I feel like
sometimes I feel like when a lot of the
Blake left-leaning people might shout
argue it feels really similar to what
the alt-right guys would do with the IQ
stuff where I would start where I would
make a point and then they would
machine-gun out like seven million links
to me why do you guys keep linking me
this bullet effect article it doesn't
disagree with anything I've said have
you read it or is this just stuff you've
seen linked on like your lefty dis cords
and you're like I might just throw this
link out I might once the argument
automatically like I don't understand my
might so for the first claim the idea
that schools referred kids to to ice is
just not true and you're sending me a
linked it but grease would mean
a 2008 San Francisco policy that
reported undocumented youth to federal
immigration officials upon their arrest
just not with with school it's by the
police department destiny it's the
headline the headline is Komal Harris
tries to rewrite history with false
claim on San Francisco's eyes policy
this has nothing to do with I'm saying
was there an age limit to this law like
1601 affected I imagine the pterence he
probably affects kids up to where
they're legally required to go to school
all right like sixteen destiny should a
DA be trying to fix the education system
at all like is that part of that job
well so Harris's argument the thing is
is that like I don't even know if I
agree with it but like I feel the same
way like when I was dealing with like
[ __ ] conservatives right it's not
that I care whether or not how you feel
about a particular issue I just want it
to be a good discussion right it's not a
good discussion to say Colonel Harris is
just sending to get stopped oh police
force to arrest parents that are
homeless that's not like that's not
that's not good framing of that the
question is as if Kamala Harris can
encourage more children to go to school
by threatened legal action against
parents then and then in that case I
mean that's an interesting discussion I
have it's not one-sided you can pretend
it's one-sided but it's not you could
argue the pros and cons of both of that
again I preferably fall against it that
would generally be right would but
there's a much better framing of that
than like sending the Gestapo to
homeless women to bully them and send
them make their kids go to school that
will still walk them up
deston why he keeps inc threatening
rather than enacting legal action they
are very different they did file charges
in jail people they weren't threats I
don't know if you know what a threat is
man holy [ __ ] you guys blow my [ __ ]
mind sometimes I don't know if you know
what a threat is but you can follow it
through and threats sometimes right like
if the DEA is threatening legal action
is my response gonna be huh
she's only threatening it she's not
actually gonna file it I don't know what
you mean when you say that like they
threaten a lot of legal action some of
them they probably prosecuted yeah of
course that's what the article we just
read was and I don't understand what
your it's kind of weird to make a lot
you have no plan to enforce and then get
disappointed about other people enforce
it maybe this is kinda no criminal
justice but intuitively feel time I know
that it intuitively feels mark me in
fact I feel like I've changed so much
when I look into like policymaking over
the past five years because I used to be
way more idealistic like oh well this
should be like this and that should be
like that and that should be the only
thing that matters but it feels like it
feels so much more complicated than that
the idea that like I feel like some
people I feel like the like the I don't
know how to say this about something I'm
condescending but like the innocent way
the innocent way to look at it is like
the innocent way to look at it is like
oh they're going to use the cops to lock
up for parents it's horrible right
that's like how you want to look at it
right the reality though is Kamala has a
public safety problem a problem with
locking people up you know setting into
prison which we all agree is bad her way
to fix that maybe or her way to combat
that is to keep kids in school which we
all agree that's a good thing and then
her way to do that is to use the police
force of threatened parents with charges
return see if their kids miss like fifty
days in a school year or some [ __ ]
right we can argue about whether or not
that's a good or bad policy it seems
like it boosted the amount of the
attendance by twenty percent I think she
said I don't know how many people were
prosecuted now real quick I will note
though because it's obvious to see where
people's for people's loyalties lie you
know people in Cheddar like well she
actually did prosecute some people okay
sure
but like but prosecuted who like let's
say for instance if they miss produce
more like ten wiper wait hold on I
thought I wrote fifty days in the
article
which was a San Francisco da from 2004
to 2011 Harris issued citations de Paris
children missed more than 50 days of
school but none of them were put in jail
she called currency a public safety
issue saying high school drop oh this is
what she did before she enacted the law
and then the law was going to be I think
it was 10% of school days a year without
a valid excuse
so how many school days do you go how
many school days in a year so 190 days
so if you missed if you had more than 19
absences in a school year without an
excuse so without being sick whatever
and they would yeah then they would I
don't know I guess it's right knee with
a fine or jail time or something I guess
it was extreme I guess this is kind of
weird to me too I don't know because I
went to private school at private school
if you had an unexcused absence you got
an instant attention for that I think it
might have even been an all-day
detention you had to come in on a
Saturday or Sunday but I don't know what
public school is like if you just skip a
day of school do you not get in trouble
for an unexcused absence we would get
in-school suspensions I think yeah
that's what we would get you have to
come in on a Saturday or Sunday know who
spent eight hours at school if you um if
you know not at all you guys could just
skip school and I would do private
school so maybe they were a lot more
like annalen that I guess uh-huh anyway
yeah I don't know like i said like um i
mean like we could take issue with
whether or not it was a good thing or a
bad thing but I mean the cause does know
Bowl I think getting kids to go to
school is really really really important
to really [ __ ] important Kenseth
skipped school are more likely to be
involved it's so much more worship that
kids would actually go to school whether
or not using the police as an effective
means are doing that I don't know kyle
myers is the DEA i don't know what else
she is supposed to do this i wouldn't
expect her to I work with teachers I
guess as a DA it's not her job but yeah
I don't know I just don't like I don't
like this framing that like oh she just
went in her ass like homeless people I
think it's a really disingenuous framing
I can't I am if I can't how many people
Chad just hate cops
but okay not more important than
someone's freedom so again your freedom
is is subsistent to the ability of your
child to succeed in life that's actually
like how the law in the u.s. works right
now for instance this is why men have to
pay child support your freedom doesn't
mean [ __ ] all it more than that than the
freedom of your child you know like we
already agree with this this is why we
make parents pay child support even if
they even if they got tricked into
pregnancy or some dumb [ __ ] like that
because the state is more concerned with
the well-being of the child than any
adult being wronged you know I guess we
can yeah we could say whether or not
destiny with a little foresight can we
not agree that the truancy ship is going
to affect mostly persons of color that's
a big reason why people have prom with
it well yeah of course but I don't know
if it's bad I don't know if that's bad
that it's going to affect persons of
color right I mean if persons of color
the people that are having the most
trouble like sending their kids to
school or getting their kids to school
wouldn't you wouldn't you want to
motivate that group of people the
hardest to send their kids to school
like I mean yeah if it works it works
our schools not mandatory in the United
States they are mandatory yes yes you
have to go to school in the United
States if you're under I think it's 16
but yeah destiny it is bad because
personal is structurally really a tough
problem for the kids going to school
because the societal conditions sure but
like I said I think Harris's goal was
that it gets a parent like okay if you
curious um interesting here's an
interesting question okay I'm really
curious and I'm not trying to put you
guys on the spot but I'm curious if
there are a lot of cases or like
innocent parents that we're really
trying their hardest ended up getting
locked up under this law I'm really
curious in Spain you can lose custody of
your child if you don't send it to
school sure I'm pretty sure you can in
the United States - I think if your kid
is skipping school you're not doing
about if anything about them I'm pretty
sure that CPS can be referred to you
right destiny does the policy make any
exceptions like parent illness or
extreme financial hardships yes yes
that's why that's why the policy hold on
so herons took at that advocacy
statewide sponsoring 2010 law to make it
a misdemeanor for parents whose young
children missed more than 10% of school
days a year without a valid excuse I
guess we could argue what a valid excuse
was but I'm really curious if they're
like if there are these stories of all
these poor parents just being locked up
because they couldn't get their kids to
school they were really trying their
hardest like it feels like what the
point of what Harris was doing was to
get these people resources in order to
get their kids to school so like answer
and overall we'd improve attendance for
the pocket this is what her quote was
about here it's not us making it sound
like she's happy that they sent that
Gestapo to her household flying looking
dudes to scare the [ __ ] out of a
homeless mother of three it was barely
making ends meet
and guess what through that horrifying
process which is the only way we could
have figured out it's the only way she
can she's the DA what else do you
expected to do but use the police force
that you know she can get the help she
needs the attendance of her children
employee we dismissed the charges
against her and overall we've improved
attendance for this population in San
Cisco by 20% of that so like I don't
know mmm maybe I'm crazy but that sounds
like a successful application to me it
sounds like she used the police force
she confronted a parent that was having
trouble getting the kids to school the
parent was able to get some resources
from the school as she said and then she
boosted the attendance of those kids in
school that seems like a positive and
all the charges against you were
dismissed she didn't end up getting
charged with anything so it seems like
that seems like a positive application
of the law there unless we really just
hate cops like I don't know if she right
destiny did her policy work despite what
she said she says that attendance was
boosted 20% I don't I mean it's possible
she's just scared of lying about that I
didn't assume that it's possible that
she is lying about that
so Leno echoed that sentiment saying
that the law explicitly stated that
before law enforcement can use this new
misdemeanor every available attention
must be brought to the student handli
student families everyone was joining
hands to find a way to get this child to
class
Robert depths Dempsey and assistant
district attorney in Tulare County said
he recalled Harris twice presenting the
truancy lot meetings of the state
district attorney's associations she
recommended imprisonment for truancy
only in the most extreme cases he said
Dempsey said he could recall three
parents charged under the law in his
County all the cases were settled
without jail time still he said
prosecutors could pursue jail time in
circumstances when the school district
is doing what it can to assist the
parents but the parents are doing
nothing in return I mean again link you
know is it a bad way of using the police
force motorWeek answer Scott I don't
know I think they're I think there's
like a good I think there's like a good
I think there are good arguments you can
make on both sides of this but I don't
know I I feel like is I feel like it's
not as a more baseline distrust with
these two police and legal violence to
enforce social goals that you do I guess
sure but I mean we can just like look at
the we just look at the outcome man I
really really regret I really regret on
my previous tweets about hating cops
I shouldn't have I should have done it
so much I don't think it's good to just
blanket hate cops any more than it's
good to blanket hate anybody I don't
think it's a good thing to do I think
there are a lot of [ __ ] [ __ ] cops in
the US and I think we have institutional
problems with cops in the US but it
really blinds you to seeing like
anything in an objective manner when you
see a cop and you instantly like hate
every single thing associated with them
I don't know I think it's a really bad
way to go about evaluating a person but
like I said using a Gestapo force to
threaten homeless people and talking
about that is a resounding success very
cool calm Belarus very cool topic how
useful is it to throw the poorest of
society in prison or give them fines I
can't pay it so that's just gonna make
them and their children's situations
worse but that doesn't seem like what it
was first of all the goal is always to
break the cycle right you want to break
the cycle of poverty that people are
stuck in a really good way of doing that
is to make your kid actually go to
school if you can find a way to push
people into actually making their kids
go to school and you can largely avoid
jail time doing it or fines doing it it
seems like a positive application of the
law and it seems like it was boostin
that 20% of the 20% of people in the
attendance rates were approved 20% I'm
quoting Harris's number there maybe
that's not true
she gave the example of one person
she said that over all the tennis was
supposed to 20% again she I'm taking her
word about maybe she's making that
number but um honestly this whiffle II
should be used for a community
engagement of betterment people just
have a bad taste in their mouth of
police of persons of color yeah sure
destiny let them go to school and pile
up $100,000 in debt hope you don't pay
for public schools on a pocket like that
oh my god it's wrong listen destiny you
always say to use extreme examples to
see of an argument stand so what do you
think about a state using the police
force by threatening jail or other
punishment to achieve certain goals
couldn't that lead to dangerous paths I
mean if you're talking about like using
the police to ensure that like kids are
going to school I'm like of all the
applications of police if I could think
if I can think of like five different
places I could send a cop down to the
corner to crack some kids head for it
[ __ ] dealing dope you know I can have
cops rating houses you know serving
warrants looking for [ __ ] marijuana
you know I could have cops just
patrolling streets looking for people up
or I could use cops to force kids to go
to school I mean I feel like the fourth
one would be like the best application
of a police force that I could have but
yeah we're cops were you know stopping
and frisking people like Emily Harris
all right here's a video of Kamala
Harris talking about how criminal
justice reform errs are unrealistic and
ideological I say with all love and
liberal-minded is that we all have these
posters in our closet that is attached
to a stick that we sometimes will card
out more talking about criminal justice
policy and those statistics that you
first heard when we opened it up
incarceration destiny with that watching
then we should use police some people
who don't feed their kids healthy food
ok here's a question let's frame it a
limitless frame it a little differently
do you think that we should use the
police to motivate children parents to
vaccinate their children what if the ED
result was 99.99% of people
I mean so I mean like it's not like it's
not like we necessarily disagree with
with every single possible application
of police force to motivate people to be
good to their kids right we use child
protective services as well if you abuse
your child we use the police to get you
to [ __ ] off where we take your kid you
know if you severely malnutrition your
child now nervous your child you can
lose your kid as well yeah for sure I
mean you could use the police to justify
a lot of policy that we deem valuable
should the police be used to force
people to vote for example I mean you
present that as really extreme but
believe it or not there are countries
with compulsory voting destiny there's
CPS for that you don't need to send out
homicide and gank tobaccos who do you
think shows up after CPS does if you
don't respond to CPS I mean that's like
saying like we don't use the police to
make you pay your taxes that's what the
IRS is for it I mean not to mention
often times like the CPS will show up
with an officer depending on the reason
why they're closed of the house as thus
on such anyone on this side said what
should have been done to deal with
currency rates who stands in to put
pressure on the parents except the
police I mean I get thing I don't know
how we play out but like maybe financial
motivations would work better their
destiny sounds like we need to get rid
of CPS then ooh sounds like you're a
huge [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] if you like
kids get raped and abused by [ __ ]
households that's good for you CPS
definitely has problems there are
definitely parents they need to lose
their [ __ ] kids but I mean hey man
would've again okay I understand the
idealistic world that we think exists in
our minds but Oh anyway I don't know
when I said before there are countries
have forced you to vote right I don't
know if you know that or not
what does CPS it's Child Protective
Services in like in Australia you have
to vote right if you don't don't you pay
a fine or something
Destinee not homicide and gang
detectives there's a difference between
sending an officer in case of
non-cooperation and an officer to
intimidate okay
but again camilla said that these were
the people that were volunteering for
the work i mean like you're giving this
the worst reading we could probably spin
this into a lot better the reading - i
don't know what i interviewing the
officers oh right like you're saying
like maybe homicide detectives they
volunteered because they're the
Mina's [ __ ] they want to go
down and they want to [ __ ] bully
parents because they know how badass
they're right it could just as easily be
the homicide people are the ones that
see the most disgusting nasty [ __ ]
[ __ ] on the streets that see sixteen
seventeen year olds getting their
[ __ ] guts eviscerated maybe they're
the ones that are the most motivated to
talk to parents like hey if your kid
doesn't go to school he might be the
case I'm working on next week right
maybe that's why they volunteered I
don't know I know that you don't know
right but I mean like it could go either
way
this idea that like it was the toughest
cops that were volunteering it made it
sound like it was like partially
motivated by the fact that they're the
ones that work these cases when these
kids don't go to schools when they get
rolled up in games when they end up dead
on the street but these are the people
that are working those cases you know he
was clearly talking about CPS as a first
measure all Kamala says has to tell the
schools to try their best first that's
what you tell CPS is to try their best
first right the first measure you're not
supposed to threaten jail time until all
school options have been exhausted and
the parents aren't responding right so
what about incentives my dude like
financial incentives that would do 100
percent better for the economic outcome
of those families sure that might be
good okay
why did Camila choose the most brutal
and dehumanizing way possible first of
all brutal or dehumanizing damn we're
loading holy [ __ ] we [ __ ] hate cops
here but Kamala can't do that she's the
DA how was she gonna get that first of
all she wouldn't even run a program like
that she's a district attorney what do
you mean she's not gonna be giving
people money that's not within her power
you only think she controls us the
police force and in prosecution like for
the state it's not her way to it's not
her ability to give parents money to
send kids to school that's not that's
not what she can do
cop apologia destiny this is why MLK
talked about the white moderate law
maybe this could be talked about after
hear from our broken criminal justice
system it feels like sometimes like man
haha [ __ ] dude I feel like every day I
felt like I empathize more and more with
politicians nobody wants to do anything
about anything ever
right like okay kids are [ __ ] up in
life because their life is fun okay well
maybe we need to do something other
school okay we need to punish teachers
and don't [ __ ] to help kids we need
to figure where well it's not their
fault the kid sometimes kids don't even
go to school
okay well [ __ ] then we need to [ __ ]
punish parents we need to figure out a
way to motivate parents together because
okay well what about we can't use cops
because we hadn't found criminal justice
okay well [ __ ] I guess we need a [ __ ]
reformers okay well you can't do that
because it's socio-economic issues to
divide people it'll never be for
something
okay well [ __ ] I need to get ideas but
like it's like you can never do anything
because it's always like 50 million
other problems that like you can't deal
with you know like holy [ __ ] like you
you have to start somewhere right you
have to start doing stuff where you can
Kamala Harris is the DA she can't pass
some comprehensive bill to pay parents
to send their kids to school
she can't pass laws that are going to be
like she can co-sponsor bills right like
the only thing she has control of as a
police force if she uses the police
force to get kids to go to school I
don't know if that's the worst thing in
the world sure my kids destiny but the
law only enforces kids being in a
certain location at a certain time not
to ensure the child benefits you
probably benefit the single-payer health
care doesn't actually ensure you better
health care outcomes it just ensures
that you're at a certain place a
hospital at a certain time during your
appointment do you realize how stupid
that sounds people fundamentally hate
responsibility yeah you have to draw a
line somewhere in terms of what a DA
should and should not be involved in the
types of issues should have been outside
of Camilla's purview let's say for
instance like let's say that you are a
DA let's say that you're managing cops
that are having seventeen-year-old after
sixteen-year-old after fifteen-year-old
getting [ __ ] killed in the [ __ ]
streets you're working or you have all
these [ __ ] homicides another [ __ ]
teenager has been killed like okay how
can I use my police force to make my
city a safer place which is ideally when
the police force is supposed to be now
if you're a lefty the police only exists
to further serve the interests of
capitalists we're dumb [ __ ] you believe
it but like ideally the police force is
hopefully supposed to exist make our
communities a better safer place it's
supposed to be the idea so if you can
use your police force in a way that gets
kids going to school or against kids or
or give parents to send their kids to
school I don't think it's necessary
forcing the world saying the way isn't
voice doesn't guarantee a benefit reward
is not proportionate I think getting
kids to go to school is good but I don't
know man maybe destinated watching the
wire make you more sympathetic towards
cops no actually it's been digging into
issues has made me more sympathetic
towards policymakers and like I start to
see
I guess I see like maybe a lot of the
old idealistic thoughts I had you know
I'm like there were so many issues that
I just wanted to be one-sided I still
think there are some one side of issues
like single-payer health care I think is
an arguable issue period but like really
complicated like you political things
like imperialism right the United States
needs to stop interventive eaning of all
Foreign Affairs it's like well hold on
it's not really that really the best
idea like in all cases you know what
about in cases of you know extreme
humanitarian problems we don't intervene
for their humanitarian problems only
enjoy its interest administrate problems
right now but what about in cases where
other people are helping one side of a
conflict right let's say that we say
that we're not going to intervene in any
foreign countries anymore let's say that
let's say that turkey right start just
to experience backlash in their country
because the the PKK let's say the PKK
starts getting funded by Russia and
China did we still take another
intervention with follow up policy did
we watch our a life all right did we
just watch Turkey you know crumble it's
like yeah [ __ ] them David we're not
we're not interventionalist anymore you
know no I'm not saying that
interventional ism is good or
imperialism is good I'm just saying that
everything is so insanely complicated
like it's it's so much more complicated
than just saying oh we just should never
do this thing you know people are saying
how about financial incentives report
Family Center can school I don't like
Carla Harris can do that that's not her
job she can't allocate funds like that
Destiny's no one is saying don't involve
in foreign affairs a lot of people are
very against US imperialism no no I'm
not talking about foreign aid well I'm
talking about like born like like aid
like training or soldier it's or
military funding right like even in
those situations you don't intervene if
a country wants to act on moral things
are big problems like that they should
have to do it to the UN sure
well maybe but I don't know how to vit
work how could how could the UN yeah
okay I'm super curious okay look here's
okay so here's here's a question that I
have okay in southeast Turkey there
exists a group of Kurdish people called
the PKK generally I think these people
are thought of as extremist generally
Turkish people [ __ ] hate these
Kurdish people okay let's say that
America has a new policy but we're not
going to intervene in foreign countries
okay
let's say that the PKK starts to get
funding training arms from Russia and
China and it starts to cause significant
problems for Turkey in that case let's
say we go to the UN and like hey this is
[ __ ] we're gonna intervene and while
Russia is also on the Security Council
and Russia vetoes everything like now
[ __ ] that we're gonna just show right
what you do in that case then the USS
funds Greece to take them out based on
what the HuffPo article Hamlet didn't
even start the process of punishing
parents for truancy she just made the
school India work together through the
whole process let them die so they can
have the moral high ground declare World
War 3 destiny the u.s. stopped all
intervention that a power vacuum would
have rise if someone else would start
intervening yeah that's what I never
really considered like I never really
considered influence vacuums really just
an argument for reforming the UN I love
all you so much I wish it were so simple
I'd really really really really really
wish it was more simple than this okay
so you guys say reformed the UN what do
you mean by that do you think on the
Security Council do you think that those
people shouldn't have veto power with a
single vote because maybe because that
sounds reasonable should like China or
Russia should be able to single-handedly
say we're not gonna do that
okay sure but then you have to think
we'll hold on why was the UN created why
do these people have veto power the
reason why is because these are the
nuclear powers of this day and age you
want to avoid conflict the reason why so
much veto power exists on that Security
Council is exactly the reason to keep
countries from getting into direct
conflict with one another we want people
right so maybe you take that veto power
away and now the UN begins working
against other nuclear power right like
you just it's so I'm sorry like I love
you all so much there's so much more
complicated it's so much more
complicated than just saying like oh
like she does not do any of that anymore
it wouldn't be so much better and it's
like the Security Council isn't just
nuclear powers the I believe the five
permanent members of the Security
Council are just nuclear powers and I
think there's four others it's not not
together right there rotate right I
think if you don't give large players
vetoes and they don't agree to join the
UN in the first place just having
dialogue between countries is a massive
plus dialogue is very very very good
yeah I am I started thinking about this
a lot more I don't know you probably saw
my opinions if you watch my stream a lot
change in those initially I was very
much against the TPP
because it because of all the randomly
corporation powered [ __ ] but then when
the option became like did we reform the
TPP or do something with it or just bail
completely and then I saw the outcome of
that I was like okay well we actually in
the TPP there were a lot of provisions
that we had to fight to fight against
China for the copyright stuff and when
we left all of those provisions got
scrapped and and so now it's like well
[ __ ] it was that a good idea that we
left that also the US have much less way
well no sway over how that multilateral
trade agreement was negotiated when we
just left and when you look at like the
United States withdrawing from
agreements like that and you look at
China trying to insert itself and as
much of the world as possible yeah I
don't know yeah it's it's so much more
complicated than just saying just saying
no one leaving and lolling you know I
don't know it's charting externally
illegal in the USA and Canada such
most-viewed the parents get fired
sometimes kid goes to juvie for a night
or something I'm sure and seeing is
illegal u.s. you have to sing a kid to
school yeah you do
yes wait I'm pretty sure hold on is it
illegal to skip school in the u.s. under
the age of 16 you have to go you have to
go to school right I feel like I heard
this my whole life I guess I've never
actually like looked it up but I'm like
almost positive that's true and large
schools were law enforcement officers
are present the fine for playing hooky
can range from three to fifty dollars
for just five hundred about 1200 to
stick twelve thousand students were
ticketed for twenty and 2008 in Los
Angeles
many states provided for the appointment
of local truancy officers who have the
authority to arrest habitually truant
youths and bring them to their parents
or to the school they're supposed to
attend many states also have the power
to revoke a student's driver's license
or permit children are required by law
to attend school until they reach a
certain age which varies by state
typically 1618 years unless the absences
formerly excused by school official or
the child's been expelled as for the
trustee thing goes I only wish there
were better academic programs to have
solely reintegrates
it's back into school and if they don't
go into those programs entraps illegal
actions Esther doesn't extent it's a
tough issue as someone who is publicist
from sure yeah everything related to
school is so complicated because so much
of what makes schools work is completely
out of the hands of the school you know
okay I'm sorry
okay let's continue on we walk around
everywhere bill more slowly protests
build more schools less jails put money
into education not prisons there's a
fundamental problem with that approach
in my pan and it's this conceptually but
you have not addressed the reason I have
three padlocks on my front door so part
of the discussion about reform of
criminal justice policy has to be an
acknowledgement that crime does occur
and especially when it is violent crime
and serious mine well there should be a
broad consensus that there should be
serious and severe and swift consequence
to crime so Kamala Harris it's kind of
crazy this this liberal notion that we
want to build schools not prisons
doesn't address the real problem that
violent crime does happen thanks Carla
Harris I guess you need to be a
draconian prosecutor for us to
understand that crime does actually
indeed as a matter of fact happen you
know fixing socio-economic problems and
increasing opportunities in education
does tend to lower crime statistically
okay I don't know what he means by this
what does common Harris supposed to do
to fix socio-economic opportunities I
mean maybe he's just being I guess about
more charitable towards a son maybe the
son is just saying that like in general
these are better things than just using
the police force which I probably agree
with I would definitely go with it for
sure but again like I do I don't know
maybe it's because I'm not a full-on
lefty well sounds calling you a hold on
let me finish watching this video I'm
like the idea that um the idea that um
but when I hear people say things like
we need to abolish all prisons or we
need to get rid of like all police or
like all cops are bad it's like I mean
you had you do have to realize that
there are like two sides to the issue
right like there are there is some level
of cry at some of them and I even wonder
sometimes when I listen to some people
like there is like some level of crime
that like actually does exist that you
do have to address so I don't know I'm
not gonna be able to go through the rest
for this
okay I have to be quiet I can't scream
but dude my dude arena what's up um I
hear that you're [ __ ] why do you like
here just [ __ ] about my comment
Harris video yeah I guess so people
always get critical of me because I
always like call you up for like a
random burning bro you're not for any
real Abidin bro fact they're not throw
no I'm saying bro I ran a like button
thing and then people say that like you
know I'm just cherry-picking issues or
whatever so this video Carla Harris came
up at my feet and I was flying at her
flight I had nothing to do so I actually
watch the whole thing I tried to read
into every issue and I feel like this is
like a really really one-sided not
fairly presented video um what do you
mean I don't know you want to do I just
walk through it I guess um sure we can
do that or we can address like your main
points of contention and then walk
through that individually yeah sure my
perspective is like look here is my my
main summarization of Kamala Harris is
that she was originally put up as
basically like Hillary Clinton but black
and she has like a similar background
obviously not as nefarious or is awful
there's not as many like memes about
Kamala Harris or whatever but have
permeated through political discourse
for decades but still she is largely
like she's largely over prosecutorial
and and has kind of gone back on a lot
of the things that she says on the
debate stage immediately after she
walked back her statements about
medicare-for-all twice now I believe and
then some of the things that she's
advocated for don't say don't make sense
when considering her her track record
like on sex workers for example which is
why I which is why I think like Kamala
Harris also is not necessarily great Oh
another thing that she walked back that
was similar to what Joe Biden had said
even after that Joe Biden conversation
was like the day after I don't remember
exactly what she said but she said
something that was like like literally
nearly identical to what Joe Biden when
Joe Biden did it okay I understand that
um but that's all IIIi don't know all
these kinds I would have to go through
it like each of these I'm more curious
about like just things that were said
during the video okay and by the way I'm
totally willing and able to what do you
call it if I got some [ __ ] wrong or
whatever like perfectly perfectly
reasonable it's a live stream yeah
probably not my best okay yeah okay so
I'm just seven um yeah we'll see we're
going up on this so like on the first
issue hold on are you able to turn it
down a little bit
I hear that go my sellers makes it
really hard oh [ __ ] sorry here Oh is
that better I mean I'm you know me I
don't have [ __ ] headsets not spinning
hello yeah hello are you pretty talking
or oh no oh just hang one two one two
hello hello hello okay okay oh yeah yeah
okay so the very first plan you open the
video with yeah hold on I'm sorry okay
I'm gonna focus I still hear the echo
but I can talk through it a guy to see
the focus hard okay the first claim that
you made in the video was that schools
were referring undocumented students to
immigrations and Customs Enforcement
there was some 2008 law that she written
that did that I don't think this is I
don't think it's just true at all it had
to do with people that were charged with
crimes right no the main distinction is
that the main distinction is that if you
are arrested you immediately get this
was a gavin newsom a regulation I think
I've mentioned that in the video as well
maybe I didn't but sure thank you
there's like there's a single not only
defended it after that point but that
was like the specific reason for why
that regulation existed because the
previous in previous instances they had
not cooperated with immigration
authorities as say as sane
francisco is a sanctuary city so her
statements on how she did not know that
that's what the law intended are
disingenuine sure okay so I'm not on
that I'm not talking about yeah I'm not
talking to me okay I'm not time with
that I'm talking about the idea that
schools were referring children to ice
because they were undocumented is far
different than the police department was
taking people charged with felonies and
referring them to ice that's two totally
different things right arrested without
a trial is the main point there is like
I said the main point I I was hammering
in is that the main point that I was
hammering in in that situation was again
that it was a reversal of a previous
procedure in which they did not do that
sure I've just I'm just I'm focusing
that this started or you've set it like
my framing or something cuz I elaborate
on it quite like I mean I elaborate on
it immediately after I understand that
saying well this might be an issue with
the fact that I
what do you call I use a Twitter thread
to like which had gathered all of these
ideas quite well together things that I
already knew about but what I'm saying
is the claim that schools prefer
undocumented children to ice is not true
it's the police department that refers
undocumented persons that are charged
with a felony a convicted but charged
with a felony what it does here I don't
even remember can you but what was my
exact statement there that's I don't
remember
it sounded like schools were just
referring children to ice for being
undocumented I like the video we can go
if you want what yeah we can go through
the video chat where was it what point
was it well here I linked it I don't
know let me like all right let's take a
look at what Komal Harris has done in
the past number one she's worth a lot
they for the schools - guys because it's
for his own good
okay yeah so it was at 41 seconds maybe
you misspoke here but you said that she
supported a lot of force schools to turn
kids over two eyes which sounds really
bad like holy [ __ ] like an undocumented
kid just out of school just gets
referred to Isis horrible but it was
more with people charged oh oh yeah yeah
okay yeah no I didn't say anything I
didn't say anything wrong there at all
oh that was that is the same policy we
were talking about okay I I thought that
I like misspoke or something yeah so
you're saying that you're saying that
what like that that never happened or
them no yeah that's not that no it
didn't happen that's not the thing like
as in as in what like that that schools
were never forced to refer children yeah
okay so here is the here's the exchange
exchange that it comes from like with
Iowa politics podcast which I mentioned
there as well can you give us some
insight on how from that time when from
whatever reason you were supporting this
policy that was essentially handing over
undocumented people to ice before they
had been convicted are you saying that
the the part of that that you're saying
that never happened is the fact that
juveniles were unintentionally also
being are you saying that like juveniles
were also being unintentionally
separated from their families or no what
I'm saying is that the law said is that
if you were charged with a felony and
you were an undocumented immigrant you
would be referred to as it had nothing
to do with schools referring people to
ice schools had nothing to do with it oh
okay yeah I guess I guess I misspoke
saying schools were responsible for it
yeah fair okay I may because he saw
there were juvenile I I would maybe I
would have similar that's schools
because of juvenile but okay yeah no no
but
but I continued on that point as you
probably saw in the video where I talked
about how this was a policy that she
absolutely defended maybe not the school
part Chan said dozens of wait chance
that dozens of juveniles between the
ages of like 12 and 18 were reported at
ice each month both on felony and
misdemeanor charges and some kids were
actually deported as a result of that
policy so so kids were actually deported
as a result of that policy I guess the
difference is that you like the school
wasn't the one are you saying that the
school wasn't the one that was reporting
on it well so like do you understand
like do you know where this law came
from what the motivation was for this um
yeah the motivation is uh [ __ ] what was
the as something happened where an
undocumented immigrant killed someone in
gavin newsom was the one that a push for
this policy is yeah i think it i think
it killed like three people after he'd
already mentioned the goal that so the
goal was a tough on crime approach which
is usually pretty stupid but the goal
was basically that if you were charged
with a felony as an undocumented
immigrant you could be referred to ice
that was like the point but yeah I guess
my vote was right yeah that it didn't
have to do with like the schools and
they have that's that's it it had
nothing to do with school schools
weren't involved in this at all oh okay
so that was the so that was what you
were upset about oh yeah yeah I was
people charged for that with the felt
wet thing I'm pretty sure it was with a
felony if you were charged with a felony
that you're referring to a mention not I
mentioned that after like I literally
mentioned that in the video that you're
talking about just for the record I do
talk about the fact that the kids and
and every single person that was charged
were never actually investigated and and
and immediately given over handed over
to the federal authorities and that way
and that that was the unintended
consequence according to common law who
said that that was the unintended
consequence of this policy when that was
the main consequence of that policy yeah
that seems like the state is like me for
me to say like schools were reporting is
that the part that you're upset about
like that she yeah because that sounds
yeah that's yeah I think so I think
that's a huge difference but
okay but schoolchildren were literally
school children were literally deported
for misdemeanors because of that without
being charged and okay if I have a cop
that goes and kills students at school
would it make sense we have say that
schools are killing children
wait what sorry can you be that um if a
cop goes to its McCoy and kill students
would it be the same for me to say that
students are being killed by schools
does it make sense but is this school is
the school calling the cop to [ __ ]
actually going purposely killed the
student because in this instance if they
are reported for a misdemeanor they
would the school reported the to the
police force for a misdemeanor that
would literally be yes that would take
pardon that can I ask you a question so
are you telling you that schools
shouldn't have been allowed to call the
police if students we're committing a
crime on campus are you telling me that
that should've been a thing well I don't
notice what your point is there no I
don't think the schools are respond to
the fault of the schools which is
precisely why I'm saying that's an
understandable confusion that could come
across like that's that's confusing on
my behalf that's why I admit but you
just made it telling it's the school's
fault you just made it sound like the
school's fault it was the school's fault
partial if I didn't gets deported
because the school called the police
there was like a crime being committed I
I'm admitting that it's wrong I mean
mitting that the the confusion is on me
but I also then followed up with I
didn't realize that it was going to be
this big of a like I didn't realize that
this was something that would be that
big of an issue especially considering I
literally go went forward and explained
like how Kamala Harris literally
fucking-a played a part in this and then
changed her perspective and lied about
what she had defended in the past sure
those are bad but like one way like you
can present to people one of the
undocumented immigrants are cooperating
with authorities goes in goes against
the
um it goes against what had happened so
unless it was like a literal [ __ ]
rape or like an actual serious felony
that a person saw and then went after
which from what I understand and maybe
I'm incorrect on this but like it was
literally like misdemeanors and [ __ ]
that uh what do you call he was like
literally misdemeanors and [ __ ] yes the
school still plays a part in that okay
but the school itself oh god it's so
[ __ ] frustrating oh god I can't read
your [ __ ] cat oh my god like instead
of it like this is this is genuinely a
problem where we're having like we're
having a semantics argument over
something that I admit is probably could
have been worded better and then that is
enough for so many people to be like Oh
Hassan is a [ __ ] insult like there's
people in your chest saying like
Hassan's in cell is showing and it's so
[ __ ] annoying that you guys are
supposed to be our [ __ ] allies that
that you would be so critical and so
unch arrabal in this circumstance just
because destiny is like even looking at
this from a critical perspective this is
something that really frustrates me
sorry I'm gonna calm the [ __ ] down but
it genuinely it is genuinely infinitely
[ __ ] alright whatever
okay so complicit in what was going on
um but but I probably should have not
started off with like schools are
cooperating with authorities even though
they were cooperating with authorities
schools were supposed to cooperate with
authorities I mean I would I would I
don't think I would want to send my kid
to it's no there are plenty of places no
there are plenty of places where the
schools are literally not allowed to
cooperate with authorities that's the
entire law destiny like okay you gotta
stop okay hello not cooperating with
authorities isn't the same as not
turning kids over to ice you understand
that authorities also means like normal
police officers right yeah okay okay
Bailey's owner and the schools generally
cooperate with authorities I don't mean
refer people to ice but generally if
there are kids like murdering each other
at school ways I'm sure the schools we
usually call the police right
yes do you think that the kids were
murdering each other in schools I don't
know I just I just I don't know what you
mean when you say I don't know what you
mean when you say historically schools
don't cooperate with authorities I don't
in a sanctuary city schools are
literally not supposed to cooperate with
authorities in this instance I mean
authorities specifically ice whenever
whenever like a misdemeanor or some [ __ ]
occurs okay wait do you understand me
they're not supposed to cooperate with a
federal authority okay do you understand
you understand there is a huge
difference what you just said do you
understand that there's a huge
difference between saying that a school
doesn't refer kids to ice versus the
school doesn't cooperate with
authorities there's a huge difference
between those two things right well
school still school is cooperating with
authorities generally we want all
schools all schools in the United States
should absolutely be cooperating with
authorities absolutely no we don't
probably want sanctuary city schools
cooperating with ice those are two
totally different things yes but if the
but if if children are literally getting
[ __ ] deported for misdemeanors
without due process then I would say
that the schools are still kind of
complicit especially because we're
talking about misdemeanors okay first of
all okay my understanding okay my
understanding was that it was felonies
don't you think this is a [ __ ] like
pedantic kind of dumb conversation to
have on this point because I feel like
you are literally expanding upon it
because functionally what I said is not
even incorrect despite the fact that I'm
saying that I could have probably I
could have probably mentioned it in a in
a more charitable I guess fashion and
and then the entirety of the
conversation is not about whether like
schools are doing this as a consequence
of law but the entire conversation is
actually about Kamala Harris lying about
her perspective functionally the schools
were still complicit in in in juveniles
being charged and being deported for
misdemeanors okay
do you not understand that there is a
massive difference between a school just
preferring undocumented citizens
uh-ho-ho got it so hard to figure that
guy oh my god okay there's a huge
difference between a school just
referring to children they're
undocumented - ice for no reason
versus police people doing it what a
chart when a person has been charged
with a crime there's oh I get it a
little bit more now all right you're
okay yeah you're right yes I said
schools were I said I think you said
schools referred them to ice like the
law for schools to report immigrants
dies like one of those is evil
like if Kabbalah really forced schools
to turn over undocumented kids - I
that's the same what did they go through
like the like all the registry to find
every undocumented that's crazy I'm a
documented immigrant without a I should
have said undocumented immigrants
without due process to ice it would that
have been better no but it's not the
school doing it it's the police force
doing it once the process of a church
with a cry okay yeah um okay what would
be a better way to work that in your
mind well that just that would have said
that police were being told to refer
undocumented persons to ice if they had
been okay not convicted but charged for
the crime got it okay okay okay keep
going
do you think that that is the most
important most significant part of that
of that factor when I hear somebody say
when I hear somebody say that okay when
I hear somebody say that they've made a
bill that makes us a bit of you're
charged with a crime and you're an
illegal immigrant you get referred to
ice that sounds like some [ __ ] ass
tough on crime bill that you like it's
probably bad you probably shouldn't a
lot sorry sorry sorry did you look
through like every part of this by the
way I know that way we said let's move
past it but did you look the red
part of this or yeah we do yeah but part
no no I'm saying like the like III
Claire Singh goes like this there are
there are officers within schools there
are still like authorities within
schools and to my understanding if I'm
and I might be [ __ ] totally mistaken
but the previous the previous thing was
that users were only reporting the
federal immigration authorities if they
convicted a felony but not convicted
just charged what not convicted of a
felony just charged maybe that's me why
are not hearing the words I'm saying I
said the previous um the previous rule
of the land which is an understandable
and reloaded that if you were convicted
of a felony then yes you were
resort I mean you were sent over to
federal immigration authorities and
sorry
and then despite the sorry Newsom vetoed
legislation the board had had enough
votes override his veto and passed a law
without a signature
despite this Newsom refused to follow
the legislation and order the city to
continue reporting undocumented juvenile
suspects to ice so so like funk not only
just functionally but like school the
school authorities were literally still
participating in in cooperating with the
federal authorities like with it with
the immigration authorities for people
that were charged with a crime not just
going through when you say again the
difference is if you have somebody that
doesn't know okay so you I I should have
your upset at the thing that I
elaborated on further in like the next
couple of seconds when I mentioned that
this was this was something that changed
the previous law which I just mentioned
to you right and and that I mean that
was literally like I mentioned further
context right after that it's not about
the context it's the idea that the
statement was that schools are referring
juveniles to ice that's not really true
it doesn't really capture what's going
on you
people that are charged with a crime are
being referred sighs these are two
totally different worlds
okay but I literally followed that up
with context right after the context
doesn't change anything you've just said
you make it sound like qumola basically
passed a law telling schools to start
referring all undocumented people um to
ties if someone was charged with a crime
in the past that's the only if someone
was charged with the crime and that was
the main difference like that's
literally that is the context that you
need I don't understand I mean by the
way consequentially they're not
different functionally they're not
different they're absolutely different
how like if a school if a if an officer
that is planted at a [ __ ] school is
literally like an officer this planet of
school is literally [ __ ] um
contacting federal authorities because
he's like oh there was someone here that
was charged with a [ __ ] crime then
yes the schools are literally [ __ ] uh
like they are participating as they are
complicit so should the schools have
kicked out all the police offices
certificate that schools have kicked out
all the police officers then um that
would be one way of doing things yeah
absolutely
okay I move on to the next thing I guess
why are you laughing and saying we need
to move on because it's [ __ ] set so
[ __ ] stupid what do you mean you just
want to kick all police officers I mean
new [ __ ] schools need to have cops
some of them do yeah what the [ __ ] kind
of statement is that yeah of course I'll
do what do you what I feel like I've
heard you debate people a million times
over about how like it's kind of [ __ ]
up that we have cops and schools to
begin with what the [ __ ] I feel like you
went to I feel like you went to a really
nice school and and you have no [ __ ]
oh yeah like how dangerous risky in a
really [ __ ] shitty neighborhoods as
well we never had cops and in plenty of
plays in almost all of Europe there are
no cops in [ __ ] schools this is crazy
it's like mind-boggling to me that
Americans like legitimately believe that
we need police officers inside of
schools
okay I'm heard you say that it's [ __ ]
up that we have police officers inside
of schools I don't remember the contact
I don't literally a police officers
inside of schools that were operating as
the school authority and also as the
police officers that were working with
federal authority they're not operating
why do you keep saying school a foodie
than operating under school authority
they're borrowing up at the police
department
these aren't like cops at like the
school like takes owner trains and runs
under their own policies these are
people that follow the policy set by the
DEA
there are cops are stationed in schools
but they're not like the school's cops
they don't leak on them and set policy
for them okay all right just for the
record though nowhere else around the
world and in most places in America I'm
fairly certain that they don't have cops
in school yeah but I've been placed
around the world their schools don't get
[ __ ] they said it other prison the
world schools Mike Epps rookies shut up
like ours do it's a lot different in
other schools in the world they don't
have [ __ ] school shootings every
other [ __ ] day like ours daily
yeah I mean it's a relatively recent
thing but I'm sure what we're talking
about is like 2009 when like school
shootings that happened not as
frequently as they do now okay look the
the reason why they have like like the
reason why schools go like the reason
why supposed to have these cops to begin
with like they could absolutely
substitute it with a [ __ ] security
officer if that was what was necessary
and yes I I don't I'm not backing out
for my sentiment that that yes it is bad
that schools have police officers
okay so then your goal okay no it's how
could you say that it's a it's like a
how could you did a decent learning
environment or how would you defend the
notion that the decent learning
environment has a literal police officer
that at any given moment could like lock
up someone and play a part in the school
to Prison Pipeline I mean they did this
with ice in Long Island as well by the
way not just Kamala Harris but like they
straight up joint under Donald Trump
they should have be going [ __ ] kids
that they deemed were a part of ms-13
exclusive because like t-shirts they
were [ __ ] wearing or things they
overheard them say and literally
deporting them
so you know it's pretty [ __ ] up my
position is that no they shouldn't have
police officers in schools and even if
you have police officers in schools they
should not cooperate with [ __ ] ice so
do you think it would be fair to say
that if somebody was arrested at a mall
for stealing by like a mall cop that it
was like an actual police officer would
you think it'd be fair to say that malls
are referring undocumented immigrants to
Isis is that like a fair statement
if malls that if malls had like cops and
that the walls too different if malls
had cops and sometimes those cops
arrested people under the DEA had a
policy where if you were charged with a
if you were charged with a misdemeanor
family you were referred to ice if
you're undocumented would you think it's
fair to say malls are referring
undocumented malls are still public so
it's a little different I mean I would
consider like the school to be a I would
hold the school to a higher regard hold
on I don't know no no no that's exactly
backwards malls are private and schools
are public okay
I'm saying that I'm saying that I still
regardless okay I might be wrong in that
distinction but I'm saying that I would
still hold a school in a totally totally
separate way I would think that having
police officers at a mall is way more
reasonable than having police officers
at a school where a place where public
the public congregate is an
understandable place to have police
presence where whereas the school having
their very own resource officers which
is a separate distinction from a [ __ ]
police officer given the fact that like
resource officers have I'm fairly
certain Guldur different sets of
training and like and and are not like
they're not operating as like full-blown
[ __ ] state troopers basically that
that yeah schools should not need to
have them and they shouldn't even have
them why do you think school resource
officers never refer children to police
stations for like crimes or you don't
think that every course they do of
course they do I'm saying that that's
bad across the board and and certainly
when you understand that those people
might get [ __ ] deported I
I I guess I just I I don't understand so
you're saying that you shouldn't have
any police or resource officers at your
school at all otherwise the school is
complicit and what the DA like census
policy is it well my my opinion which I
carefully mentioned in that after the
sate statement is that it is a bad
policy and was countered quite
rigorously which gavin newsom didn't
care for which Kamala Harris literally
defended and then lied about defending
sure and it was probably a bad policy
because they were referring people to
ice based on charges and not convictions
that's the bad part but it has nothing
to do with schools referring children to
high schools didn't do it it was had to
do with police charges I agree that it
was a bad policy because they you could
throw out due process and [ __ ] and
kick out children from this country yes
well I don't know if it's about throwing
out a due process but like it's charging
some was different than a conviction
right yeah but they're not being
convicted of a crime they're being
deported for being an illegal immigrant
I understand and I don't obviously I
have a problem with that
regardless sure but I'm saying that has
nothing to do with it but that has
anything to do with due process actually
if they were actually okay
if they were charged and they had due
process and they were deported after
they were convicted then yeah that's I
don't know we can have a conversation
about that that's a separate
conversation I don't know what due
process means to you so due process like
means that if you are charged with a
crime right you have a right to a public
of speedy trial and all that [ __ ]
that's like due process if you're
referred as an illegal immigrant under
current us standing law you can be
deported for that then it there is no
due process needed for that we're not
violating different we all operate with
that understanding which is why they no
point should any any institution that is
any institution that is tasked with
educating kids should be playing a part
willingly or unwillingly in the
deportation of juveniles without even a
[ __ ] without even their day in court
yeah that was like there's no point I
think with your point
no no there is no day in court for it
Alou emigrate to fight being an illegal
immigrant that's not the due process
we're talking about why do you think
sanctuary cities exist like why do you
think this regulation existed that Gavin
Newsom wanted to overturn well the
regulation
well sanctuary cities exist because a
lot of their population I mean it's
there's a whole host of reasons you
don't want people that are living and
contributing your city to feel like
they're gonna be [ __ ] by the cops
anytime you don't wanna discourage
people reporting crimes especially sex
crimes maybe you don't want to cooperate
with authorities for political reasons
because people don't believe in you know
the ice and all that dumb [ __ ] I mean
there's a whole host of reasons what do
you mean I I know and that's precisely
why this school should not play a part
in that in any way what I'm saying is
that assigning the school plane here
does that make sense
let's say that I go home technically
under mandate by the school in some
respects like of course they are still
operating under orders in the DA but
like of course they're they could be
kicked out of the school there are
plenty of different ways of dealing with
it if this law is supposed to be
enforced okay let's let's say that I'm
going to my house okay let's say that I
see two shady people hanging around
outside of my house and I go inside and
I'm like I'm actually like nervous I
don't know if they're gonna rob me of
what they're like hanging out okay
that's fine but you're not big better
immigration status share but we're not
we don't care about that and I know you
don't care about that because you don't
care about due process with deportation
either because if they weren't legal I
don't think you would still want to
deport it right what's or not time to do
process for that let's say that we have
two people they're standing outside they
legitimately like make me nervous
I don't know they're gonna rob my house
whatever and I call the cops let's say
that the cops show up they arrest these
two people who wore the ring or being
threatening or whatever and then they
find out that there were illegal
immigrants and they refer him to ice and
they get deported am I is a homeowner
like the person that like reported them
am I now complicit in like deporting
illegal immigrants is out on me do I
have that liability yes okay so should
people just never ever call the cops
ever then
um yeah I highly I suggest against that
yes okay I mean we have we just have
like totally fundamental view of the
second ascent yeah but to some extent
for certainly no not to some extent we
are completely diametrically opposed on
this issue okay
I guess like I when I started the video
office I don't like we it like it it
feels like there was like a huge it's
kind of shocking that this analogy that
your you're using is like I mean you're
not in any way associated with the
[ __ ] random strangers that are
standing outside of your house Stephen
whereas as a [ __ ] school
you are absolutely associated I was just
no I was just asked if you were
complicit
but you admit or you have a better
understanding of of maybe we shouldn't
[ __ ] cooperate with the authorities
so we are technically complicit it is a
terrible analogy that you just use and
it is a rather reactionary one which I
don't even think you agree with it's not
a reactionary one okay it's a totally
valid question let's say that a woman
gets raped by somebody that's Hispanic
do you think that when she reports it to
the cops is she being complicit now I'm
getting people to put it wait why not
why not why not why not because my
[ __ ] crime it's not a random
misdemeanor no okay so let's say let's
hit that sure so resource officer being
like oh I just saw you [ __ ] steal
sorry yes you're out of here buddy
sure so let's say let's say that it
lifts a veneer over this country sure so
let's say that a woman is a table let's
say the woman is at a party and she
starts walking home and she's being
followed by some people and she's
getting nervous she doesn't know she's
gonna be insulted away let's say that
she calls the cops they're cops arrested
two guys and they get reported to ice
because there are illegal immigrants did
that woman is she playing a part then
and in calling the cops are getting
illegals deported should she not have
done that it's hurting your brain
because like you say random street
because of random stranger walking and
feeling threatened by random people is
entirely [ __ ] different than like I
said a school participating in this
thing that they know they shouldn't be
participating in I'm only asking
you said to never call the cops so I'm
asking you you really feel that what you
said you should never call the cops so
it sounds like you didn't you don't
actually feel that way Wow okay you in
the comfort of your own own home calling
police officers because you saw some
random people that scared you is a
little different than a woman walking
home at night or a man walking home at
night alone and feeling threatened by
the presence of other people they would
still be somewhat complicit but it's not
the exact it's not the same okay okay so
that'sthat's the job so okay there are
two things there do not do that as well
but it's more understandable and it
doesn't really matter because under none
of these circumstances do you have an
obligation to the person that you are
[ __ ] calling the cops on okay do you
see what I'm saying you're giving me
like one of the most privileged argument
ever heard in my entire life like you're
literally telling it like well if you're
a woman and you're walking down the
street and you might be scared because
two people on you it's pretty rude of
you to call the cops it's a pretty mean
thing to do do don't do that
what if you've got a person who lives in
a neighborhood where there'd been a lot
of break-ins what if it's somebody who's
had their house broken into before and
are worried that so we could I do it
like it's easy for you to say like oh
well you should never ever call the cops
ever I don't know if you've been at
these situations or if you know people
have any situations that's a pretty
thing to say to people that like maybe
are actually fearing for stuff like that
like I feel like it's a really crazy
simulate oh you should just never ever
call the cops everybody's arguing
because you're making it cuz it's a
really privileged argument this idea
that like [ __ ] people that live in
poor neighborhoods if they choose to
call the cops is under these
circumstances or not okay what are you
talking about it's a privileged argument
have you talked to a person who lives in
a [ __ ] poor neighborhood I'm confused
like right now like what so so you
legitimately think then you should never
call the cops so then going back to the
earlier thing that a woman gets raped
she should okay so is let's say two
people break into your backyard or
they're going through your [ __ ] should
you call the cops man or it's just your
shed so it doesn't matter you shouldn't
call the cops no no if they're if
they're breaking into your if they're I
guess if they're breaking in it's
different yeah
again different circumstances where a
random person not a [ __ ] institution
that was previously urged and
understands what kind of responsibility
they have for the children's that are
educating so yeah I know that you're
trying to narrow this as best as
possible to figure out if I'm like
morally consistent and if I if I will
abide by my principles and I guess it's
like shocks you a little bit but one
it's kind of weird that you said that it
was a privileged perspective that I have
when most people most people that don't
have privilege or hold the same exact
belief for the reason that police
officers don't actually increase
security in a neighborhood that they're
dealing with especially if it's a
[ __ ] poor neighborhood and to like a
misdemeanor could be it's just I'm not
getting arrested for a [ __ ] look at
getting the moment saying this I'm
obviously a bad thing and if it wasn't a
[ __ ] bad thing they wouldn't have had
they would have fought so hard to
maintain the sanctuary city status to
begin with the only reason I'm asking
this argument because functionally the
outcome is still the same but it's not
that soda okay so you said that if a
school has a police officer there that
the school has a tacit endorsement of
every single thing that police officers
does like everything the DA says what I
said was does that mean that anybody
that calls the cops ever then is tacitly
endorsing everything the DA says and
that ending you said well you should
never call the cops and that's what
giving examples where it's like do you
call the cops if you feel threatened by
random people in your home and then I
follow that up by saying if you're if
you feel threatened and you're walking
home and these people are like menacing
or threatening you then if you genuinely
feel for your safety it's still not
great I've been in their similar
situations like that before where I
chose not to and I probably wouldn't
given the consequence of what might
happen to those people especially if
they're like people of color or poorer
people the police is kind of famously
not very good at dealing with poor
people and under those circumstances but
um if someone is like breaking to your
[ __ ] house then yes it's entirely
different why are we oh my god whoa no
why are we why are we so this is the
first point that we're like [ __ ]
going back and forth on that I
elaborated on Oh cuz I think it's a good
point because my view is that of this
video
it sounds like in the entire video you
just think you hate cops like that's
what I hear like it feels like this
entire video is a bit of you talking
about how much you hate cops
I think that's what it feels like almost
every single point comes back to is they
just you really hate cops and then in
this conversation that we're having like
I don't know I feel like a lot of these
like points are like insane like so dear
friends does it make if I hate cops or
not destiny like look at the [ __ ]
video did she back down from her
statements and lies I'm talking about
Kamala Harris okay like stop getting so
caught up on the fact that she used to
be a cop or whatever the [ __ ] and you're
the one that's throwing the word around
like Gestapo and [ __ ] I'm not caught up
on her being a cop at all that's that's
your whole point this whole video is
constantly bringing up how horrible and
evil kind of sorry I mean III large is
that is that what you want to have a
debate on like whether cops know look at
look at the video hold on you literally
call the video come along Harris
statements and how she lies and how
that's relatively hypocritical I'm
talking about who she chooses to
prosecute versus who she chooses not to
prosecute under certain circumstances
kind of bad an indicative of like what
kind of what what interests are what
moneyed interests and even some is like
Nugent can can guide her to do certain
things or not guide her to do certain
things sure and that to me is absolutely
important in a political candidate
that's going to be the president that is
literally spreading this like
progressive [ __ ] attitude now sure
and we'll go over those things of the
future I'm just I'm really curious on
this idea that you shouldn't like very
rarely if ever call the cops like okay
so I'm just curious in this situation
you're aware but we're talking about but
we're talking about the video you took
in here so we have no it's a sexual
argument the reason why this important
is because you said that a school that
has a resource officer on school grounds
tacitly endorsing everything that the DA
has told that police officer to do which
i think is ridiculous just because
people call the cops doesn't mean that
you support every single thing the
police department does but now you're
telling me that that's true so I'm
testing you I'm asking okay well let's
say a woman is leaving a party to guys
and follow her she calls the cops is the
woman now like morally culpable if those
people get deported by ice is that like
her fault
I said it already to some to a certain
degree
sure not entirely what does that mean
not in time I see this is like the most
weaselly thing ever yes she does shares
you're hammering down something that is
not related to the [ __ ] main
conversation or the main point well
that's the main point that I brought up
was that schools don't refer people to
ice the police department does if
somebody is charged with a crime those
that's why we move more passes if I say
I agree with you I was 100 percent
incorrect for using for saying that the
policy for reading the headline and then
elaborating on what was happening is
that fine
well because like the headline in that
article was commonly reported positive
reported arrested undocumented juveniles
ice like I guess yeah we can move yeah
we invested a great Lopez I should I I
shouldn't said schools I should have
said school resource officers and if you
were to say like well it was because of
felonies or misdemeanors well I did
actually elaborate on that later down
the line instead of saying schools I
just said school resource officers
tasked with upholding the law that's
wrong - it wasn't school resource I was
it was people that were charged with a
crime so if you say that if a resource
officer arrested a kid and he was
charged with a crime then yes that were
100% agreement okay that's that's what I
mean truancy yeah sorry
a school resource officer that caught
someone in the process of a misdemeanor
which would be you know like theft or or
like a fist five two kids okay so the
the truancy thing mm-hmm talk to me
about how you feel about this I think
that using intimidation tactics and
using the state
in in this sort of way to force parents
and you making sure their children have
to go to school is awful and indicative
of Kamala Harris's perspective on how to
use the law and how to use
state-sponsored violence or the threat
of state violence rather okay what else
do you think commonlook could have done
not force that not not put that in place
okay
so I'm curious let's say you have a
situation where you have a parent or two
that are just lazy they don't really
want to send their kid to school and
you're the DA do you think that usually
does leave it be and say whatever and
that kid just doesn't go to school where
do you think you should try to take
steps to alleviate no you should use as
the DA you don't really have a lot of
power in that regard but if you were if
you were a more progressive DA then you
of course don't do anything about it and
as a independent civilian independent
citizen outside of that you use your
[ __ ] power to vote yeah okay I don't
care any that I agree with everything
rather than in like force for a better
education better funding for education
in those regions rather than you know
use your [ __ ] powers to be like we're
gonna scare the [ __ ] out of some mothers
including like one of the one of the I
mean there was like a homeless mom was
threatened by police officers if she was
a [ __ ] parent of like three children
like there are actual real victims of
this it's not like it's not like the
image that you're portraying so what you
just said with her would you just get
with that ramble for ten hours because
you're just probably too lazy yeah okay
[ __ ] it they're lazy they shouldn't go
to jail or they shouldn't be threatened
with jail either okay let's just focus
on the on the on the thing with the
homeless mom so you realize that the end
result for her was that her kids get
back into school and she had no charges
brought against her everything was
dropped so she wasn't a victim of this
that woman that you're citing is an
example of this actually working in an
incredibly positive way because they
brought in law enforcement they were
able to get her connected to these
school resources they were able to get
her kids going to school and all the
charges against her were dropped the end
result at the end of the day was her
kids that weren't going to school are
not going to school
so you find it to be a successful
program if your measurement of success
is getting kids to go to school then in
that case it seems to a bit okay
what if I [ __ ] put a gun to every
parents head that's a that's a
successful program right because every
single parent and every single child
ended up going to fight every single
shot ended up going to school like what
if what a ridiculous like a metric of
success you have here I don't know
really where I'm using this as an
opportunity to showcase the willingness
of Kamala Harris to utilize the monopoly
that the state has on enforcing certain
rules through state violence to the
threat of state violence through
stealing people's [ __ ] freedoms away
from them for not even a truancy first
for truancy violations and you're saying
that well just because it was a threat
it's okay okay I don't know what the
monopoly on state violence has I mean I
don't know if we're going full
libertarian with these arguments but no
but the state does have a monopoly on
violence right unless you think that the
black mothers were like oh yeah I'm
gonna actually [ __ ] you know
360noscope these police officers are
coming in yeah well yeah we want the
state to have a monopoly on violence
don't we isn't that feeling do we want
other people just like murdering each
other randomly in public I don't
understand like don't we generally as
the public like and trust the state with
our you know with our violent
enforcement of laws things like paying
taxes and [ __ ] don't things like living
health care things like dealing with our
destiny I think you know what my
perspective is on that given the fact
that you yourself have also argued about
how violence could be morally justified
I'm sure that we're not in disagreement
here yeah I agree that it could be but
in an ideal world we would absolutely
want the state to have a monopoly on
violence we don't want normal citizens
and unless we feel the need
we're talking about we're talking about
enforcement in this circumstance and
we're talking about what that says about
Camille Harris and you're caught up on
like the seventh layer of something I
said about the state having a monopoly
on violence why because no literally
said that if the results are if it's
just the threat of jail time and that
the results are positive then it's okay
you and I have a fundamental
disagreement here
okay because my problem is that the way
that you're framing all of this makes it
seem like Kamala Harris is literally in
[ __ ] Rita from the [ __ ] pie right
which is the worst personal world
unnecessary do you not think that this
was excessive force do you not think
that locking up or the threat rather of
locking up mothers for truancy is
unnecessary or excessive if you don't
think that if you think that it's not
unnecessary and we can have a
conversation about that I don't know
where I would fall on it I think I lean
against it but you have to understand
that like why are you having this
argument with me right now because I
don't care about pushing a political
agenda I just want to have a good
conversation about the issue and saying
that she's walking around threatening
almost people to kill him wah bah bah
bah is a [ __ ] way to have this
conversation it's not really a good
framing of it right the way that it's
presented is that there are a lot of
parents whose children are going to
school that with a little bit of help
from you know whether it's you know
scary-looking [ __ ] homicide agents or
whatever could be connected with school
resources that will get their kids sent
to school as somebody that talks about
cyclical property you know about all
these systemic institutional fuck-ups
with people one of the most important
things your kid can do is actually
[ __ ] go to school it's one of the
best ways to break the cycle is to
actually get your kid in school every
day I agree so like if we can use so
much let me just finish this okay if
you're the DA as you said you have very
limited resources to do things okay you
can't pay kids to send their [ __ ]
kids go that's not your power in the DA
but if you're the DA and you're
prosecuting crimes every day we're
seeing [ __ ] 16 17 year-olds dead on
the [ __ ] Street
and you have a way to utilize your
police force to get kids to go to school
that seems like one of the most positive
ways you could ever apply police force
now don't look put the corner cracking
kids heads for [ __ ] dealing weed not
rolling around neighborhoods looking at
[ __ ] [ __ ] some people up but actually
getting parents to send their [ __ ]
kids to school that seems like one of
them that's possible ways you could
utilize the police force yeah when
you're a hammer everything starts
looking like a nail I understand
but in this under these circumstances
she should not be trying to solve this
problem as a [ __ ] da and the way that
she tried to solve the problem is
something that you and I agree is
excessive and unnecessary I mean if it
depend on the application with the way
that the laws worded the idea is
supposed to be that you have to try
police officers will make sure that but
the school or I'm sorry
student and the students family knows
that they are being contacted that
everything is going to be done in order
to get these people like actually going
to school and that legal actions are
only going to be threatened as a last
case resort when the parents have not
made any effort to cooperate the school
I don't think that's that bad if you've
got a country parents that aren't
sending their kids to school and the kid
is just [ __ ] jerking off on their
whatever and then I'm doing [ __ ] there
has to be accountability that was part
of being a [ __ ] parent is making sure
your goddamn kid gets to school it's an
important part of his life like like we
know this too you know this like how
frustrating is it for a police officer
to deal with the school whose life has
been [ __ ] since he's [ __ ] four
years old because he's got parents don't
give a [ __ ] about how far spending is
for a teacher to deal with kids right
you know teachers need to educate kids
better well I can't do it the kids won't
even [ __ ] go to school if you have an
opportunity to make kids after they get
their ass and [ __ ] seat in a
classroom it seems like a relatively
positive thing to me I don't understand
I mean like we can argue whether or not
like is it good to do this with the
police voice maybe maybe not I don't
know we use a police force to enforce
other things like CPS right now does it
mean [ __ ] all if you don't have a police
force behind it I mean I don't know I
just don't think it's just like from one
sided horrendously [ __ ] evil issue
where cops are threatening homeless moms
and that wantings helping you cited it
actually shows the walt law of working
in an incredibly positive way I don't
think it's a worst thing in the world
okay okay thank you for your point um
like I said the DA should not try to
deal with this in any way whatsoever not
by over prosecuting kids for the crime
of like you know getting caught with
like a dime bag or whatever and
certainly not by trying to or
threatening the jail their mothers
that's my point and I think that says a
lot about what Camilla Harris's
perspective is on how to use her powers
to how to use her powers at the time to
solve a problem so if you if there are
parents by the way I understand so I'm
curious and then why did you not see her
talking about how like I mean that was a
that was unrelated to this one that was
unrelated to the truancy thing
well she talked about it as like a
swimming success which I take issue with
obviously but then um like this is a
this is a like an entire and now
of her perspective looking at looking at
like her her understanding of like
funding schools versus funding prisons
and her track record shows that she is
on board with funding prisons and saying
that the the funding of schools is a
laughable idealistic perspective that's
absolutely not what she said that's not
what she said
she even said at the beginning of that
statement you clip that conceptually
she's on board with it but realistically
you have to fund your prisons and
dealing with idealistic progressives
that just want to defund all prisons and
defund all cops and throw everybody out
of the [ __ ] everybody out of jail
blah blah blah
that's an overly idealistic wait is that
what is that what the opposing side was
doing they were saying we need to defund
all prisons now we're at like all of a
sudden the entirety of the Democratic
legislature of California was a bunch of
prison abolitionists anarchists No and I
[ __ ] extensively so talk about what
circumstances led to her saying that
destiny come on why are you wait wait
what do you mean what she literally says
in the video did you have to address
crime in a community that's all she's
saying I don't think it's that like
hyperbolic I don't think it's a like why
do I have three parrots learn there are
people at cities that don't feel safe
you have to address that interest
screaming build more schools not more
prisons doesn't really do anything to
alleviate those people's fears and if
there's anything you should know as a
citizen of the United States it's that
people are [ __ ] motivated by fear to
vote for [ __ ] it's why we were in Iraq
it's already voted for the Patriot Act
to my Trump is a [ __ ] president like
Dwight said happen
I know but I don't agree with that I
don't like that and I have the right to
be like I don't think that that is a
good way to go about it or a good way to
farm for [ __ ] boats that's like
that's what I'm saying
okay do you have additional information
as to why that that would not be Kamala
Harris is actual perspective when she
literally voted on a bill that also
followed that protocol wait wait what do
you mean on perspective on what that she
doesn't want fun since she'd you you're
saying that her perspective she doesn't
want schools to be funded
directly but like it ties back into the
truancy stuff and also the the thing
that I mentioned before of like of
following through on on gavin newsom
reversal of a sanctuary city provision
all fit into that same exact narrative
but it does it you're picking and
choosing what you want you're ignoring
the fact for instance that Kabul has
always been a support of people like
dreamers Kamala has always been in favor
of protecting the city's sanctuary
status that's one of the reasons why
they gave not oh no that's [ __ ] uh
one of the reasons why they gave
changing that law is because they were
worried that it would if it was charged
in court that the city would lose its
sanctuary safe status I don't know if
that's true or not a cheat end of cover
asset kind of sound like you're trying
to cover ass but historically no this in
the narrative doesn't fit your point of
view that Kamala Harris is some illegal
immigrant hating DEA because it seems
like she supports other things that are
in favor of illegal immigrants like the
dreamer stuff okay you can be in
favorite dude that's literally what my
point is that my point is that on
certain issues she advocates for things
that she does not advocate for or in her
or that she does not show in her track
record that's my point is that Kamala
Harris like the entire video is based
around and my summarization was
literally that Kamala Harris says one
thing but she doesn't actually show that
she has done that same thing throughout
her career when she had the power to do
so that's my point I understand that and
your conclusion logically well yeah
PolitiFact fact check for like half the
[ __ ] that I have on here yeah but the
fact is like relatively liberal the
PolitiFact's should have nothing to do
with the claims you're making though
like or it's different than the ones
that I'm being critical of so for
instance I'm a little fact article it
agrees with me that Komal Harris is not
using schools to send children to ice it
was using the police force it was
uncased on convictions yeah
or aren't I not convictions about
charges but was based on criminal
charges it wasn't just the fact that
schools were going through an
undocumented you lied about and said
that she didn't know sure I don't
disagree that the outcome of that was I
don't disagree with you there
yeah that was obviously the intended
purpose of the law she'd obviously like
that that's what PolitiFact fact checked
her on of course yeah that was the main
point of that by the way that was the
main point of my argument there okay
it wasn't like
I don't know it wasn't that uh that
there could be miscommunication or I
could have caused so much confusion on
the school issue sure okay I'm saying
that she's a bad candidate because she
does she's not consistent and this is
the same metric that I would apply to
most candidates if not all of them all
of them actually not most candidates all
of them now it depends it depends on
like what they're advocating for now or
what kind of behavior that they're
exhibiting now in regards like Elizabeth
Warren for example like her being a
Republican through the Georgia V Bush
era George HW Bush era and Reagan era
it's kind of weird because she was a
full-grown adult but ultimately like I
think that she has shown throughout her
entire [ __ ] career that she is a
dogged supporter of consumer protections
for the most part she's tried to bridge
a tact Wall Street
throughout her career as well like I I
respect that so that it shows me
consistency that shows me growth that's
something that I care about and and
makes me believe that she might be
genuine when she says stuff on the
[ __ ] podium Kamala on the other hand
is the opposite of that so of course I'm
going to look at her track record and
call it into question choice like I've
that's what we're doing we're looking at
the wares like I've done for Joe Biden
just like I've done for Pete buddhahood
and just like I've done for I guess
that's it from now I'm just going
through the pillars that you're basing
this argument off of that she's been
radically in cuz it's for the past
I don't think somebody that says that
they want to deport people that are
charged with felonies is the same type
of immigrant hating person that Trump
might be because he wants to like block
immigration from listen I say that at
which point did I say that Kamala Harris
is like the same kind of rabid immigrant
hater that Donald Trump is why do you
what you're not but that's the narrative
that you're trying to set up making that
she's that bad but the narrative your
trailer was I don't know can you just
tell me tell me tell me tell me what you
think homeless position is on immigrants
and can you just tell me that cuz I
don't know okay I don't think Kamala
Harris is a rabid immigrant hater to the
same level at the same level tell me
what her position is on the Ludwig rats
I'm curious
um she's Pro daca she's Pro daca
recipients I don't know if she is pro
amnesty
probably will say that she is I would I
would question that though especially so
do you think so do you think she's like
relatively proud legal immigrant that I
would say that she is probably going to
do the exact same thing that Barack
Obama did and claim that she's pro
immigrant or claim that she's for
amnesty not really push for any sort of
meaningful change or not really start
the pathway towards citizenship that she
probably promises on the podium I don't
know if she did and then continue down
the same [ __ ] track record as Barack
Obama which we now regard as like
deportation King which we now look back
at as as a president who at least still
kept some children behind bars now
there's obviously fundamental
differences with why Donald Trump is
doing that versus Obama it would still
cruel and unusual back then and it's
part of the reason why I [ __ ] hate
the Democratic Party okay does that make
sense
do you know I never I never would you
get like you take all the break out all
the children from the VD portation
centers when you give a 20-minute speech
about what you think people I don't
disagree with any of that if your facts
follow we're underlying the we're
analyzing the underlying facts though
you just talk for 20 minutes about how
you blah blah blah
of course I agree with that if your
underlying facts are correct that's what
we're looking at right now is if the
underlying facts you was sort of a
correct because they're not correct then
your conclusion doesn't reasonably
follow wait what what part of what part
of her track record that I brought in
the question made you feel as though it
was my facts were incorrect the part
where I said schools rather than
resource officers at schools who saw
juveniles potentially committing a
misdemeanor that they charged with
because I didn't elaborate on that
that's the underlying fact that's
correct I mean we were going back to 0.1
I guess but yeah those are two
monumentally different things okay all
right well I guess yeah so justjust I
mean like so for anybody listening the
idea that you would say people that are
charged with a crime are going
be referred to ice is that is money
really different of saying that schools
are just preferring o undocumented
immigrants or the truancy stuff - by the
way like I mean not a great way to deal
with that right it's the only way that a
DA has to deal with it and if it's
working okay you're the DA you're not
supposed to be [ __ ] dealing with it
that's my party what do you mean do the
DA it all looks like a nail to you so
you pass the buck to somebody else if
you have an ability to come at a problem
if you're the person that's watching it
office okay you're you have the power to
do things okay you have the power to
either prosecute or over prosecute or or
have leniency in this case progressive
DA's should usually apply leniency in
especially under a circumstance
controlling things so the most important
thing I di can do is nothing that's what
your argument is okay so all cops are
bastards
oh why did why not just make a 35 minute
video why don't is they [ __ ] charging
people with [ __ ] misdemeanors over
carrying marijuana why not just make a
35 minute video both these sorts of
people who do exhibit demonstrate
leniency when they're making these sorts
of why not just make a 35 minute video
why not just like a 35 minute video than
saying all cops are bastards if you
don't care about anything else your se
da should do [ __ ] nothing why are you
so caught up on these like like literal
semantics arguments here instead of like
looking at comma Larry's tracker again
nothing you have said thus far has been
like this is entirely wrong you've
exhibited false information maybe you
should look at like the way you look at
my videos in the way you analyze the
things that I'm saying because I feel
like it's a little [ __ ] painted by
biases like III don't understand you
literally call the police Gestapo like
multiple times of your video and you
obviously have a massive hate butter for
all cut home I had to look with a bias
here my problems are the underlying
facts are not correct and anytime we
move away from one you keep bringing
them up again
it's like when I argue with race to say
a cab as well I don't think that they're
all fatherless bastards just for the
record I'm sure but this is like every
argument I've ever had with a race
realist who's like well I think this
thing and it's like well hold on like
these underlying facts don't make sense
and then when you start to address some
of the underlying facts they keep
retreating
they're higher level position ignoring
all of the other underlying facts that
were incorrect that's what it feels like
you're like we're trying to establish it
none of the underlying facts that I
brought up were literally incorrect you
openly mentioned that you agree with me
that it's not a good idea to [ __ ] it
it's it's excessive and over
prosecutorial to [ __ ] use your powers
as the DA to lock up or even threaten to
lock up mothers for truancy you agreed
with me so I don't okay your friend do
you understand how you're framing this
like lock up Mullins / truancy what
about parents that were just too lazy to
send their kids to school without gonna
get kinky actuary not here you're
selling what about those lazy parents
who just didn't want to send their
children yeah what about the [ __ ]
homeless mom I'm telling you like why do
you keep going okay okay okay okay okay
why do you keep Harris did with her
powers showing me that she is willing
and able to [ __ ] use why why do you
keep why why do you keep going someone
to do something why do you keep first of
all will you state violence to get
people to do everything you don't
disagree that because you're in favor of
taxes so that is a dumb libertarian I
don't know why you keep saying that we
always use state violence to motivate
people to act in the best interest of
the state that's literally why the state
exists is just to care all the violence
there are certainly things that I
disagree with like truancy
when you're utilizing state violence and
your answer to this basically and maybe
I'm [ __ ] straw Manning you but you've
been doing that the entire time this
debate so I'm just gonna say it maybe
your point is well it doesn't matter if
people are threatened because there are
a lot of lazy mothers out there and also
it worked because it increased school
admission by 20% who is supposed to make
kids where it's [ __ ] let's go out to
every single let's round up all the
[ __ ] kids and force them on the
busses with guns it'll increase school
admission by a hundred percent it's
excessive you already admitted that it
was excessive why are we having this
argument who should be making kids go to
school the positive influences positive
reinforcement okay not negative not
pushing kids to go to school positively
learning environments especially in
underfunded areas to have good programs
to have good teachers to have better
opportunities so that kids can go to
school basketball programs basketball
leagues like sports okay okay so so
research so let's say schools so that
they like computers [ __ ] like that
nothing [ __ ] cop that's threatening
your mom with going to jail okay let's
say the kids still don't go to school
let's say the kids still don't go to
school who should be in charge of doing
it at the end of the day or do you just
say [ __ ] it just they don't have to go
to school who cares about systemic who
cares about to global violence or a
cycles of poverty or anything [ __ ] it
Steve no I'm curious can you just answer
the question who she for somebody
empathy or nobody forcing your way kid
you not answer that question
you can't answer the realistic [ __ ]
corner right now it's not what's
happened wait you don't think percentage
obviously it shows that it when schools
are more funded than that the admission
goes up so like that's the point right
we're not trying to get to a hundred
percent we can't I'm not I'm asking you
I'm asking you who at the end of the day
if they give the parents aren't doing it
at our place in US or whatever who
should be in Hawaii are you saying that
ends justify them what do you make the
ends justify the means are you bit in an
argument where you agree that the ends
are I mean though the means are [ __ ]
excessive okay what make the ends
justify the means I give it all the time
so I make the answers for the nice
argument because I'm a consequentialist
so I will always make the interest for
the means okay but that's not we all
have to anything we're talking about
point so that's when it came to schools
and when it gave to schools being a part
of the school to deportation pipeline so
obviously you weren't a consequential is
there but I guess your consequentialist
under this circumstance because because
the consequence of wait they did the
mean why wait let me know when you're
done okay holy [ __ ] you can call me back
oh my god I can't touch a single [ __ ]
point holy [ __ ] hey how's it
okay are you are you calm down okay you
gotta let me finish a single point dude
holy sure you've talked like four times
as much so you literally you literally
you literally just said okay I'm in
favor of consequentialism
when it's making kids go to school but
I'm not in favor of consequentialism
when it's deporting kids
no [ __ ] [ __ ] because deporting people
I generally considered to be bad making
kids to go to school like generally cuz
they do be good
how the [ __ ] is that confusing to you
okay you're right I misunderstood your
point can we my point is what is let's
say kids aren't going to school because
the parents are being lazy or whatever
at the end of the day do you think the
state should force her to go to school
or should it be okay if parents just
never want their kids to go to school
they just stay home enough yes cool it
should be okay for parents that never
want their kids to go to school in this
ridiculous [ __ ] hypothetical straw
man that you've literally created just
now to justify your perspective okay
let's use a more realistic example do
you think the state should have the
power to force kids to get vaccines yes
why why that but not attend school herd
immunity there are better ways of there
are better if push came to shove and
people were literally like oh I'm not
gonna actually [ __ ] get vaccinated
I'm not gonna actually get vaccinated
you can come and take it
liberals or whatever the [ __ ] dumbass
anti-vaxxers go for then yes at that
point it should be the [ __ ] uh-uh
it should be at the barrel of a gun at
the threat of state violence okay so
you're saying that state about better
wait which you and I agree on that we
could get kids but not at that part yet
we're not we're not we are not because
this reaction straw man out of your ass
and like there's an epidemic of [ __ ]
lazy families just don't want to send
their children to school we are not at
there are better ways yet we haven't
even gone to that part of the argument
okay we're not even at that part of
every minute okay so if you believe
there's gonna be so fun if you believe
that the state should enforce violence
here on on an issue that would improve
the outcomes of all of society because
that's what we're talking about me talk
about herd immunity I don't understand
why it's so ridiculous to think the
state should also be invested in making
sure that kids actually show up at
school because because I would argue and
I think you're gonna go against this but
I would argue that like not getting
vaccinated and not grading her community
is like infinitely worse than a person
potentially not going to school in this
ridiculous again ridiculous hypothetical
that you have created now we are arguing
in this ridiculous hypothetical move so
far beyond the [ __ ] points of the
video that I don't even understand what
why we're here okay so you keep calling
this a ridiculous hypothetical but the
example that you keep citing me is
literally the hypothetical that Camel
Air is advocated for working so I don't
know why you keep calling it a
hypothetical because I already mentioned
to you that there are justifiable
instances of state violence and that was
not one of them okay so at the end of
the day if kids don't want to go to
school so I guess call it a particular
heaven that go but if the kids want as
well the parents don't want to go to
school and the state shouldn't do
anything about that they should just
bail out yes yes unless just let these
in it's ridiculous hypothetical again
I'm not letting you [ __ ] frame this
as though it is the rule of law is it
it's certainly something that is
happening all around the [ __ ] world
yes in that ridiculous [ __ ]
hypothetical we should just let kids run
amok on the streets and and we shouldn't
jail their parents okay all right not I
mean let's just let's just operate off
of like the crazy [ __ ] very
reactionary sounding uh Strom answer I
mean uh yet reaction or straw man
hypotheticals are you [ __ ] creating
right now let's just operate off of that
there's no reason to look at the video
there's no reason to look at like my
analysis of of what I think it could
happen potentially under common law
Harris let's just look at your
hypotheticals is there another one let's
just move past it let's go to uh agents
so like my hypothetical are generally
that if like if there is a vested
interest in the childless state has a
vested interest in the child always this
is why we compel for instance men to pay
child support I believe they're [ __ ]
single moms right because the state has
a best interest of the child I think
that one of the best ways to break
cycles of poverty is education so I also
think the station of a vested interest
and a child going to school but that
means unfortunately state violence I'm
okay with it that's my position
you should do something like example the
DEA should involve themselves in every
matter that they possibly can and and
use the state in this regard especially
if the ends justify the means right like
it's it's okay by going forward for
example if there is um [ __ ] god I
came in coming with a [ __ ] analogies
okay let's hear an analogy I could come
up with is literally locking up mother
or threatening to lock up mothers to uh
to get their children to go to school in
a system where this [ __ ] problem the
main problem is underfunding which you
know and you agree with yep but we both
agreed that Komal Harris can't do
anything about that yes and shouldn't no
no anything let's say let's say you
something about well sure so let's say
that um opiate addiction is a problem
right opiate addiction is a gigantic
problem in this country it's an epidemic
should Kamala Harris lock up [ __ ]
people for opiate addiction if the
ultimate result is that these people in
jail will get proper treatment in the
form of like I don't know they'll still
have their freedoms removed but
ultimately they're still getting treated
in jail they're pretty solid they're
putting into their being put in solitary
confinement but hey they don't have
heroin in their system anymore if that's
a win for me I'm Stephen bottle I think
that that's a good situation not let's
not deal with it from a form of like
leniency in regards to the DEA and then
and then focusing on rehabilitative
programs which a lot of progressive DA's
do all get for if what you just said
like narcan to police officers
let's just jail them because ultimately
if less people are doing heroin on the
street that's good for me if
homelessness let's not let's not [ __ ]
focus on let's not focus on like
building sustainable public housing for
homeless people let's just [ __ ] throw
them in jail because ultimately there
will be a shelter over their [ __ ]
heads one that argument to that gate you
know what this da analogy did I mean it
ends justify the means destiny why are
we doing that because of every example
you gave the end is bad in my example
the end is good I don't know how you
can't understand the difference between
and is the same still the end is the
same less people
technically people got robbed their
freedom under these circumstances but
technically they stopped why do you keep
giving me all of these weird libertarian
arguments why are you concerned about
people's freedom what the [ __ ] does that
have to do with anything why are you
throwing all these like libertine
platitudes Evvie weird why are you
saying that this is a weird libertarian
argument when obviously my entire
perspective when it comes to the
criminal justice system
that cop should dial it way the [ __ ]
back no no no no no I'm talking about
you get me these weird matter no no no
stop oh my god I'm saying I don't know
why you keep saying this is like freedom
or like this is so weird that this is
like the capitalists argument or the
libertarian oh yeah I don't know when I
talk about freedom here we're talking
about like policies that improve society
like that's what we're talking about
like so when you ask me and I do the
ends so Chuck so you when you ask you to
the ends justify the means when we throw
the crackheads or homeless people in
jail implement isolate isolation are
solitary confinement
those sound like pretty shitty yet so no
but when you say let's do a policy that
gives more kids to go to school
oh those sound like pretty good ends
depends on what the means are I guess so
if in your analogy take your knowledge
you work let's say that we locked up all
the opiate abusers and when we put them
in jail
let's say that they got treatment and
when they came out they weren't addicted
to opioids anymore yeah I probably would
be in favor of that that hell yeah sure
if that actually was the result of that
then for sure but obviously that's not
what [ __ ] happens in our prisons
people go into recidivism is insane all
around the world however in in the real
world where we all exist in you and I
both know that there are numerous
different ways of dealing with this
problems that don't involve locking
people in jail it's not a [ __ ]
libertarian perspective for me to have a
more rehabilitative approach to criminal
justices in criminal through the
criminal justice system which includes
das being more progressive and dialing
it way the [ __ ] back and letting other
elements of society or letting all these
other institutions actually take control
situation but if you're I can fix in a
much better manner with my point in my
tour you across the board if your other
institutions are failing and they're not
addressing the problem and you have a
way of addressing the problem why
wouldn't you want that person to step up
and take charge wait what what point of
like threatening to [ __ ] jail mothers
is not threatening their freedom by the
way you don't have to be a [ __ ]
libertarian to understand that I said I
don't give a [ __ ] about freedom I've
never argued in favor of freedom I don't
care at all about it that's not
something I'm ever concerned with so
wait you don't I'm confused
would this be like what if if the
situation got to a point where like some
moms because there were repeat offenders
or whatever like actually got locked up
in jail would you would you then be
I guess more upset is that the only
reason why I like using the threat of
jail time is acceptable only because
they didn't like literally send the
mothers of jail I need it depends on
what they got a jail for if the parents
were just literally being lazy they
didn't say this movie yeah but in the
camel Harris law it was if the parent
made absolutely no effort to contact the
school were to get together with the
school to figure out a solution for
their children so in that case
yeah because as a payer to the state
which I paint with my taxes I have a
vested interest in the outcomes of
children on the United States when they
don't go to school when they commit
crimes when they do other [ __ ] it cost
me more [ __ ] money it makes my cities
well yeah yes I understand your position
okay got it
I am because like the outcomes of that
would be much better for the children
you're right they would go to they would
go to school but they wouldn't have a
mom which is fine because at least like
they're still going to school so yeah
now that's that sounds to me very good
but the other the better way is if your
parents are lazy just hanging out at
home and you're just running around and
[ __ ] all day in the front yard
because your parents don't what's going
on just gave me a reaction or they what
are you talking about dude you're
[ __ ] a problem of lazy parents out
there who are making the personal choice
individual what other alternatives other
what what other alternatives are what
other okay should not be dealing with
these issues what other alternatives are
there I mean what other alternatives are
there to the parent being lazy if the
people don't actually get charged for
something unless they've made no effort
to contact the school what other ways of
improving efficiencies would you would
you try to enforce through state
violence or the threat of state violence
yes I probably first I like it totally I
like it totally avoid it marry should we
also [ __ ] lock them in or threaten to
lock people up in jail
I like how you totally avoided the the
question because you know that the
answer is literally I like oh you're not
answering my [ __ ] question sure
so I think that in cases where we can do
very great public harm and it can be
alleviated by invoicing it with I guess
ultimately with police I would generally
be in favor of those things so things
like paying your taxes things like
probably forcing kids to go to school
things like vaccinating children are
things like being forced to provide for
your kids so for instance if you
malnourished your children if they're
not getting the proper nutrition at home
if they're like starving to death
yeah it's stuff like that CPI should be
involved yeah not like the parent is
personally [ __ ] making them starve
today but because they live in a [ __ ]
food desert and the person doesn't have
enough money that is a perfect situation
in which no the DA should not be dealing
with that the VA should not be [ __ ]
locking the mother up in jail for that
okay so there are two options there are
two I'm told you're okay yep I
understand I owned myself because in
your analogy you would let the kids
[ __ ] die because it's not right for
the DA to do anything but at least the
DA didn't step in and do anything that
was ingenious I loved that one time
right don't said the do you think the
problem is the problem is the problem is
they're not being funded by by food
stamps they don't have access to food so
instead of going in to get the kids just
let them [ __ ] die cuz man I'll be
wrong that's your analogy dog are you
serious right now I can't tell if this
is like an extended bit you're doing to
like trigger all the left is there
something that you're gonna say later to
be like oh I'm just purging my audience
but like okay let me post let me pose a
hypothetical can I'm super carry it's
okay let's say that you're the TA okay
let's say you have a section of your
city where there a kid starving it's you
can send the cops in to take the kids
from the family because they can't
afford food or you can do nothing what
should you do do nothing okay that's it
so you'd let the kids [ __ ] starve and
die that's cool so what's the next my
only alternative outcome there right
that's what I just said your money stop
passing the buck I've already mentioned
this a million times I don't know why
we're going back to this point over and
over again yes as the DA you should do
nothing
you should not [ __ ] forcibly remove
the children because they're our [ __ ]
children who are starving a portion of
your city because you understand that it
is not a consequence of their parents
individually being like I'm gonna
[ __ ] kill my child okay sure
so so you would let the children starve
if that was what was gonna happen like
poor no she should be jail so I'm so I'm
curious then so you have a section of
the city that children are gonna starve
you're the DA
should you send the cops in and get the
children there are different departments
within the government why do you think
there are different institutions that
deal with different people that are they
can sometimes a fist is not what is
necessary okay and that's what the
[ __ ] DOJ is that's what the [ __ ]
DEA does it is a fist you enforce
certain things okay simply easy question
what is this easy you you sound like
[ __ ] Stalin like you sound like a
tanky okay so this is an easy easy
question okay you are at the DEA no one
else is peeling with this problem you
have a group of kids that are gonna
starve to death in poor families do you
send it in like when I was the deal with
this problem just what I said no one
else in your city is dealing with the
problem should you send the TI n like
Bronzite should you send the police in
to take the kids will you just let them
start because it's not your problem
cuz you shouldn't do it Liam start okay
what so that we I mean when is our beam
yure let him starve in your ridiculous
hypothetical once again so this isn't a
ridiculous hypothetical it's literally
what was happening with a camel Haris
thing she wanted to get more kids to go
to school schools in California don't
get proper funding if you follow any
California news which I know you do you
know the teachers are striking right now
because they're not gonna be [ __ ] paid
so if they don't have the funding to do
it and kids are going to school , said
well [ __ ] it I'm gonna do what I can to
help this problem yeah and I'm saying
that she shouldn't have done anything
she's gonna stop mine just watch it
[ __ ] again she overstepped menus and
you admitted this excessive tactics I
didn't stop saying I admitted anything
what I said was I'm not totally sold on
you did mainly just cuz I haven't
thought about it okay you wanna make
this point and argue with me as though
we're disagreeing when in fact because
what is the difference between like oh
no no you own me on this to Carmel
Harris was good on the truancy let's
move past it okay what else this is like
the difference between like being a good
leader or being an effective policymaker
versus being like an ideologue that's
like trapped like so high off their own
fart so they have like no idea like how
to make effective change in the real
world right like on one end we could sit
in our ass oh well you know another
Department should do with we can't do
[ __ ] like it's not a job of a lot or you
could take that you can step up nobody
else but
I said nobody else can deal with it why
wouldn't you as a DA if you see the
outcomes of this now when kids don't go
to school they're on the streets and
they [ __ ] kill each other if you were
involved in this directly if you have a
chance to stop it happening directly and
nobody else is stepping up why wouldn't
you stop it
look can we move past it you're right
you're so right
the DA was good to threaten mothers with
truancy and it was a successful posi who
defeated me in the marketplace of ideas
once again please can we move past the
next point it's like you're just all
you're doing is overwhelmingly those
ridiculous hypotheticals that do not
exist on the [ __ ] planet so I'd be
hypothetical and pointing is literally
his okay literally
so just state the facts every
hypothetical I pointed to has a direct
analogy to exactly what we're talking
about
I haven't even I don't think I've used a
child rape analogy once oh I should have
earlier if I said if a child was walking
home from school should they call the
police because any would have an atomic
Mel J but okay what was our next point
like okay I don't know you're the one
who watched it
what was this ridiculous point about
camel and not prosecuting Steve mute
mute you know whatever rebuking new kid
I don't know pronounce his name and then
bringing up the fact that five years
later she got a two thousand dollar
donation like that was a quid pro quo or
something for his multi-billion dollar
like would I think Kamala Harris is
failure to prosecute Steve minuchin is
indicative of her opinion too I mean is
indicative of her perspective when it
comes to defending those in positions of
power and absolutely showcases that she
is not going to be tough on Wall Street
crime or install tough regulations that
are an absolute necessity she's damaged
that's like a perfect example of this I
even mentioned in the conversation that
like she was what are the few votes that
said no for Steven manukan for State for
the Treasury but at the time she she
refused the prosecute Steve minuchin
which is a giant [ __ ] problem for me
as far as the quid pro quo goes I think
it's still important that her campaign
was one of the few people that the
Donald Trump
were that the Trump's and Steve minuchin
paid into it shows that not not that
she's like interested in reaching across
the aisle but more so interested in I
mean can can get favors from very far
right-wing sure so sure okay I
understand I understand I said okay so
in your world tell me why Campbell
Harris didn't push for charges I already
said that because she wasn't interested
in she wasn't interested in pursuing
like the the widespread misconduct why
because she robbed because she just like
the big banks what do you mean why so
it's the Barack Obama administration not
[ __ ] go after any of the CEOs like
why did the Barack Obama administration
only why did Eric Holder why did he why
was he satisfied with like bringing down
a couple [ __ ] random lower level and
sure you're not sure because a lot of
these people because a lot of these
people have huge super PACs that get
tons of donations for a lot of these
large corporate interests feel they need
to be a quid pro Cole my point is that
it wait
it's like John Kerry said that have a
perspective and in not prosecuting
financial crimes like well I'm just
asking you why sorry you're right
actually you're right it's probably
because she was too busy she was too
busy doing what the DEA should be doing
which is forcibly sent children to
prison we send children to school by
threatening to lock up their mothers she
was probably busy elsewhere doing what
the DEA is supposed to be doing sure
okay so let's read me I don't have
countless munitions spokeswoman Terry
Bradshaw Bradshaw said State Attorney
General's have no jurisdiction to
investigate federally chartered banks
like one west and that banks like one
west are regulated exclusively by the
federal authorities when one was pointed
that out California Attorney General's
Office they withdrew their subpoena she
said one was to provide some information
to the attorney general's office
voluntarily and they did not
pursue the matter further I'm going down
a former senior lawyer in the California
Attorney General's Office told POLITICO
that staff were divided about the
strength of the case there were indica
of violations no doubt but whether we
could prove those in court was the
question the person said and as you said
Kamla Harris voted against the
confirmation of this guy for the
Treasury thing or whatever so I don't
understand where you're getting this
idea that there was like some massive
[ __ ] of her where she just decided not
to prosecute because she bought freaking
[ __ ] loves the big banks or whatever
I don't see that anywhere I think I
could not find an evidence about how
because she never talked about like not
why she decided not to prosecute or how
the decision was made and like even and
they'll even under those circumstances
where she was talking about Steve
minuchin like she didn't even [ __ ]
allude to the fact that this had
happened under her watch that she
refused to prosecute also what you said
about federal mandate is completely
incorrect what are you talking about the
district attorneys could absolutely have
the power when when they're if I'm maybe
I'm mistaken on this but I stated her I
mean dishes earnings absolutely have the
[ __ ] what do you call absolutely have
the power to prosecute when the victims
are in their state okay I mean it could
just be Politico is just completely
posting false information without
correcting up that I'm I'm gonna side
with political but I guess it's possible
I haven't looked into that that maybe
they just completely and totally lied
about this and Campbell Harris and the
entire DEA office was so stupid that
they dropped it without knowing that
they'd know it was old right again if
I'm not mistaken and I will do this
again I will look into it further but I
believe it was Kamala's decision not to
prosecute her team was interested in
prosecuting there were internal memos
that showed that that that urged her to
prosecute because there were thousands
of violations widespread misconduct was
word used sure them and the misconduct
because I read that that memo because
every single story that you try to find
on this all of it links back to that one
intercept report which I don't even
think contacted
kemple Harris or or that DEA office for
comment for whatever reason but every
single thing points back to the inner
discipline when you leave when you read
that report that the thousands of the
first line of that intercept report is
general khamel Harris on Wednesday
vaguely acknowledged the intercepts of
report about her declining to prosecute
like insisting that they obviously like
she's obviously aware of it okay it
didn't seem like they've reached out to
her to comment on this out or maybe they
did maybe that's what my office made we
went and followed we went and we follow
the facts and evidence and it's a
decision my office made Harris said we
pursued it just like any other case we
go and we take a case wherever the facts
lead us and and it sounds to what the
memo called widespread misconduct was
closed after Harrah's office declined to
file a civil enforcement action against
the bank Harris the statement on Tuesday
doesn't explain how involved she was
with the decision to not prosecutor wise
decision was made she also would not say
whether the revelations would disqualify
me new team for the position of
secretary Treasury secretary the
hearings will reveal if it's
disqualifier or not but certainly as a
history that should be critically
examined as do all of the nominees
Harris told the hill she added that she
would review the background and history
of all cabinet nominees blah blah blah
this goes into like the further detail
of why all the nominees are bad or
whatever okay okay you realize it stays
okay you realize that states have like
resources that they can allocate a
certain cases right if they felt like we
just went through this with a whole
Trump Russian stuff right then you can
have a lot of stuff that looks real bad
but that state doesn't always feel like
they have like enough evidence to
actually bring forth the case and win
that generally when the state doesn't
feel like they can win a case they're
not gonna bother doing it there's not a
grand conspiracy there that happens all
the time
yeah and I and I criticize in most of
those circumstances like science who
failed to prosecute the Trump
administration or as not strumpet
imagers our science the district
attorney in New York in Manhattan said
that I mean refused to prosecute Ivanka
and and Donald Trump jr.
way back when it was exposed that there
was some there was malpractice going on
or whatever the [ __ ] in in the way in
their housing practices and he refused
to prosecute them and then literally got
money in campaign contributions after
that Kamala Harris has gotten a fuckload
of
corporate donations throughout her
entire career her average donation was I
think it was like was it like her small
donors were the average of her small
donor is not from like campaign super
PACs or whatever was $200 and she even
got money from minuchin which I
mentioned in the video and obviously but
what but look look look what you're
doing look at your muddying the waters
she cut interesting not prosecuting
those in power rigs at one this is like
the race realism argument like every
time it you just like brought you switch
over how are you going to tell me that a
two thousand dollar campaign donation
five years later to a lady that didn't
even vote to confirm him these examples
each she has a vested interest in
hearing what I'm saying
I said she gets oh she has throughout
her entire [ __ ] career gotten a
shitload of money from [ __ ] corporate
donors as a matter of fact that's the
overwhelming majority of her [ __ ]
donations including one from Steve
manuka which I will not miss what are
what are wait what are the average
donations to like every Democratic
candidate is that even that much higher
than normal
no wait but then this isn't a creative
Campbell Harris this isn't a critique of
couple of Harris this isn't a critique
of Cibola Harrison this is just a quick
league of politics in general why'd you
focusing on Camelot oh my god because
Cavaliers represents business as usual
politics that's literally the point I'm
making but she is a regular Democrat
which is why she's bad did you not watch
the [ __ ] video okay um so based on
all the statements that I've seen for
this here's that other one from CNBC
this Ian Sam's you literally said that
it was analogous to the arguments of
race realists make when I was talking
about how
Kamala Harris a regular run-of-the-mill
Democrat is getting a fuckload of money
from corporate corporations the way I
don't even know if that's true I don't
even know if wait because you haven't
even demonstrated that I don't know if
it's true
just because your average
let's not go to the [ __ ] next topic
what do you mean I haven't demonstrated
that he's saying that her average
donation is two hundred dollars is an
evidence of massive corporate backing
okay Kamala Harris donations I mentioned
it in the video there is like not to
mention that and another thing but I
looked into this whole prosecuting banks
and everything when the United States
was looking to settle with like after
the 2007 financial crisis Harris
California was one of the only states
under Harris that wouldn't agree to a 50
state settlement she withdrew California
from that because she thought that they
weren't being held accountable enough
California was the state to leave that
under Harris became backing out of that
50 state agreement cuz she didn't think
that they were being held accountable
enough for what they've done so I mean I
don't know I just don't see all this
sorry Harris's like average campaign
contributions sure well let's find that
well find that every way for that no no
go on what was your point while I'm
looking for that like I think I can sure
that there is when when the United
States when all 50 states were looking
to reach like agreements or whatever for
holding financial institutions
accountable for everything that happened
in 2007 California was one of the only
states or maybe the first state that led
abandoning that 50 state agreement
because Harris said that she didn't
believe that they were being held
accountable enough for the crimes that
they've committed in the 2007 meltdown
okay yeah a great a beautiful talking
point from someone who wants to appear
as a populist so okay it literally it
matters not to me what you say when
you're running for re-election or what
you say what matters to me is what you
do and if you are doing the things that
you're not saying then [ __ ] that who
gives a [ __ ] that is the whole point
that like this isn't just like the
regular purity testing this isn't just
like [ __ ] cancerous like Bernie bros
[ __ ] on a random person and I really
want to make this clear it's a track
record of a political operative who is
interested in becoming the [ __ ]
president and will dim and has
demonstrated thus far that she will say
whatever the [ __ ] she needs to to get to
that point okay
I'm so confused like whoa okay whatever
anyway
yeah just reading another quote from
this uh for the CNBC article there was
no question that one West conducted
predatory lending and Senator Harris
believes they should be punished and
Sam's national press secretary for
Harris's campaign told CNBC in an email
unfortunately the law was squarely on
their side and they were shielded from
state subpoenas because they're a
federal bank the California Justice
Department memo noted that the
investigation was hampered by our
inability to subpoena one west but she
could have filed civil enforcement and
her wife Heather have donated almost
four hundred and sixty-five thousand
dollars since 1995 Heather gave two
thousand seven hundred of the Clinton
last May and since 2000 the couple is
given $13,400 the Clinton Senate and
presidential campaigns really
interesting while the majority of her
cash this year went to Republicans the
couple doled out funds Democrats John
Kander who lost Missouri Senate raise
not like a significant enough money in
Stewart a $50 Center raise michael wild
feat of New Jersey and Camilla Harris
2000 the newly elected telephone the
senator another interesting note
bloomberg reported minuchin could have
could save millions in taxes with help
from 1989 rule pass secretaries such as
Henry Paulson satisfied conflict of
interest rules he could sell stock
without paying taxes on them as he puts
money into the gains of the Treasury
notes okay that's unrelated anyway what
is this about giving the Clinton wait
what what's away so now we're so now
we're going from Steve gave money to
Campbell Harrison now we're looking at
who else he gave money to the beginning
of this conversation before my hair
started [ __ ] whitening as the
conversation progress Clinton and
caramel errors are basically the same
except Kamala Harris is black that's
literal point that I brought up for you
I said that they are corporatist they
are in favor the realest thing we're
going over the facts one by one you
can't keep going back here I really oh
she's all these bad things we're going
over those things as part of this video
it's not painting everything with a
broad brush we're going over the finer
facts right now we don't need to pay
with a broad brush okay this idea this
idea this idea that like somebody
donated to her and also dated it Clinton
therefore she's bad that's a ridiculous
argument nobody believes that we could
put that same game with probably any
politician and literally declare them to
be announcer I have to pee so bad hold
on we're gonna I'm gonna pee but
okay at some point we're gonna we're
gonna table this for a brief moment and
then we're gonna [ __ ] get back to it
in a second go for it okay uh-huh
Kamla harris raised more than 12 million
in the first three months of 2019 with
big bucks from Hollywood in Silicon
Valley got these [ __ ] articles are so
cancerous they never reveal like the
average donor is at all holy [ __ ] the
first time senator spent about 4.3
million in a White House bid nine
million from her Senate account 15
million on hand okay just give me who
[ __ ] is giving her the money okay
more than a third of her total more than
a third of her total only like close to
a third more than a third of her total
came from donors who gave $200 or less
so almost two thirds of that came from
donors who gave more than $200 okay
about 98% of harris's contributions was
less than donation was $28 according to
her campaign holgado they pee so bad all
those figures could not be independently
confirmed because small donations don't
need to be reported in vidual II yeah so
as I mentioned the video as I mentioned
in the video or close to two-thirds of
our donations I'm gonna pee myself close
to two-thirds of our donation donors
that paid more than $200 which by the
way when I talked about her Senate when
I talk about her Senate campaign and and
using her Senate funding or you can do
that you can get money from big donors
and literally [ __ ] switch it over to
your presidential campaign so
technically those also count
what's up guys
are you reading twitch chat yep
when Mike is dead I'm just using that
built-in mic in the webshop destiny
where I pretend to care about the poor I
think about before my date that's why I
advocate for policies that I think would
benefit them I don't know if a son
realizes all the steps before a parent
is sent to court over the communicating
school oh all right are you ready
Pamela Harris has raised a grand total
is six point nine million dollars in
campaign contributions the number of
contributions from individuals of $200
or more is 7,000 7,000 individuals only
gave her $200 I'm sorry 7,000
individuals gave made up 2/3 2/3 of our
entire funding okay I see there is he
still here are you here yeah I don't
know what this is proving but okay hold
on hold on I'm gonna give you the totals
Paul Weiss $52,000 University of
California $51,000 different Brit him
Brittenham Adele $32,000 AT&T $29,000
alphabet Google $20,000 Roz associates
Loewenstein Mackin Andrews and Forbes
19,000 Lionsgate 18,000 like CAA 17,000
my point is she's getting [ __ ] large
donors from the corporation's California
and the wealthy in California so that
which is obviously in line with our
perspective of not prosecuting those in
positions of power wait I'm sorry I
don't understand it all how could I
thought you're limited on like $5,000
for your donation what do you mean by um
the way that they get around that
because she also has mentioned that she
wants no a PAC funding because like you
know another Bernie thing is that you
make executives pay a fuckload of money
like executives like individually pay
thousands of dollars okay so what do you
have to do wait so you're so so so hold
on senator so some of the companies
you're bringing up right so maybe we can
I please finish one [ __ ] point oh my
god you just run off like 20 minutes
okay so
these are Bernie Sanders top
contributors from 1989 to 2020 right
$400,000 from alphabet 360,000 dollars
from the University of California
$176,000 for Microsoft right 143
thousand dollars from Apple so am I
supposed to take these donations and
prove now that Bernie is a master
corporate is as well or what yes
if Bernie's track record showed that and
then beyond that if Bernie's average
can't if Bernie's average campaign
contribution wasn't significantly less
in the individual donors that gave to
Bernie weren't like there's the
difference is someone at someone who's a
Google employee giving [ __ ] $27 to
Bernie Sanders is entirely different
than a [ __ ] executive at Google and
and a corporation giving a thousands of
dollars to what do you call it - Carla
Harris I love that though that you think
that there's no context in this there's
no way to analyze this any other way
I just don't think looking at like
campaign contributions like this better
if I say that you're making like a race
realist argument here conflating the two
and and making it devoid of context
completely well no because I just want
to drill down on the individual facts
you're the one that keeps trying to
paint like a really broad narrative like
I'm only interested in like these
individual things like what is the
acceptable average donation for you to
not be a corporate sellout for a
Democratic candidate I'm curious what
does it have to be since 200 or whatever
is too high I guess what wait I'm sorry
what did you say what is the average
donation have to be if you did not be a
corporate sellout I guess what is that
what is the number is it like over to
200 is too much is it less than 100 is
less than 50 it's about to be Bernie
amount people can make know people can
make $200 donations
I'm saying that more than a third of
like only only a third of her like a
little bit more than a third of our
donations come under $200 the rest of it
the overwhelming majority come from like
the two-thirds come from large donations
that's my point
I don't I just I don't know what the
what is the plain what I'm asking what
percentage is good like what does it
have to be wait can you actually can you
send me the link to that you're looking
at nobody's case yeah hold on where the
[ __ ] did it go here this is one
also more importantly than that again
let's just so we don't just so don't we
know lose sight of the conversation that
we were having
it is literally I'm saying that her
donations also follow along with her
track record note stop doing that stop
doing that stop doing that you can't you
can when i when i getting you on
something okay we just what's happening
you can't just go well but it also
matches all these others no it hasn't
we've gone through every other thing you
said and everything's been wrong so far
okay so you can't just keep saying every
other thing the Steve moon in
should-should or whatever the idea that
they had the ability to prosecute like a
federal bank that's not true the idea
that she just randomly chose not to do
it because of donations she got later
whatever it is doesn't disappoint no
really really she did it as a part of
like donations she got whatever later I
said that it's I I have been very
consistent in what I've been saying to
you the fact that she got donations from
Donald Trump Stephen manukan among so
many other corporate sponsors to her
campaigns throughout the Senate and also
during her presidential nomination is
indicative of her perspective that she
is not interested in holding those in
positions of power especially financial
international institutions and held
their feet to the fire
that's literally what I'm saying okay
let's go
so your evidence of her not holy feet of
the fire fire is who's like donated to
her whatever okay I don't care
so LA Times article okay so this is the
50-state thing was ringing about okay
California Attorney General Kamala
Harris will no longer take part in a
national foreclosure probe of some of
the nation's biggest banks which are
accused of pervasive misconduct and
dealing with troubled homeowners Harris
removed herself from talks by a
coalition of state attorney generals and
federal agencies investigating abusive
foreclosure practices because the
nation's five largest mortgage services
we're not offering California homeowners
relief commensurate to what people in
the state had suffered
Harris told The Times on Friday the big
banks were also demanding to be granted
overly broad immunity from legal claims
that could potentially derail further
investigations into Wall Street roles in
the mortgage meltdown
Harris said it and it's been a process
of negotiating and sitting at a table in
good faith but ultimately I decided that
we go and go our own forces take an
independent
and the decision is because we need to
bring really to California's that is
equal to the pain California experience
and what is being negotiated I was
insufficient Harris told The Times in an
interview so this is like an example of
like actual legislation actual big
things that Harris was involved in where
it seems like she was advocating on
behalf of like at least the people of
California not to mention the fact that
Harris was the sole author of the bill
that went on to make illegal the thing
that's that Steve munition guy actually
did to [ __ ] get rich the the
Caliphate Calif the the the California
homeowners Bill of Rights which made the
dual tracking [ __ ] illegal which is how
one west was cheating homeowners of the
first place that dual tracking thing
which I think is what let them like on
it let them let them like posting
documents so they could foreclose faster
or some [ __ ] or whatever right she
literally offered these by the way that
was like common practice I don't care
okay it does matter if girls matter
doesn't matter she authored a bill that
literally made that practice illegal and
she packed her statement yeah so where
is this idea where is this humor why you
breathable bomb just listen the reason
why I brought up the Obama example
rather than a [ __ ] hypothetical or
analogy like you do I really bring up
actual things happen in schooling
regulations but not actually prosecute
the [ __ ] criminals in the first place
that's my point and Kamala Harris did
not do that you say that it is because
she did not have the mandate I'm saying
that she did okay well III really
surprised that nobody else has come out
like saying that she had a mandate and
didn't follow through I guess I I don't
understand you said you think that her
whole the whole office just lied when
they said that they can't prosecute that
everybody was just making it up and
nobody like figured it out or um I don't
know what the exact details of how this
is not being more talked about no I
don't know I can't speak to why the
media refuses to cover certain elements
I mean the track record a certain
campaign I mean I guess I don't
understand like it seemed like it seemed
like it seems like they felt like
sometimes the media just doesn't really
cover this sort of stuff I don't know I
so I mean III
appealed like media conspiracy I mean we
can do that but it seems more like you
can you send me the article that you're
reading off of her what the Kamala
Harris prosecution failure to prosecute
here's the I mentioned that they had
civil enforcement to do so and and and
that she failed to do that but no
Holland this is this about the fifty big
banks thing I have to go back and look I
got fifty million [ __ ] yeah this is
about California withdrawing from the
fifty state coalition okay the CNBC
article wait hold on real fast what was
the initial claim about camelus
donations um in my video no no about
what you just said about percentages or
whatever I said that two-thirds are
two-thirds of our dough knows come from
I mean not two-thirds yeah two-thirds of
our donors come from more than two
hundred dollars okay even more of
Bernie's comes from so sixty three
thousand donation are sixty three
thousand dollars of the four to fifty
thousand raised by Bernie and quarter
one so far has been from people under
$200 so even Bernie doesn't pass this
metric that you're setting okay um again
like I said it's it's a little different
when it comes to a person who was openly
advocated for the same [ __ ] [ __ ] his
entire career so then why bring it up at
all if it doesn't matter what do you
mean it doesn't matter of course it you
literally just said the percentage of
the nation if it's an individual where
the average donation is eighteen [ __ ]
dollars wait wait can you repeat that
okay so apparently he would you said it
sure so sixty three thousand dollars of
the four hundred fifty thousand raised
by Bernie and quarter one came from
people contributing less than two
hundred dollars so that means like three
hundred fifty K or whatever of his or
three hundred and eighty K so most of
the money that Bernie's raised so far
has come for people donating over two
hundred dollars wait I have to I have to
look this up I don't think you're I
don't think you're Craig is there I
think he's average is like literally
[ __ ] wait wait wait are you framing
it is like insanely [ __ ] narrow time
frame - am I crazy I'm going by
donations what do you mean under the
current election cycle I'm not gonna
include it was a past election boy
there's a current election cycle wait
hold on what hold on here's the FEC link
no he keeps oh [ __ ] he's saying under
you over what hold on so 851 a thousand
dollars raised from January first the
March to March 31st you have to download
the Excel spreadsheet okay oh Jesus
Christ is nigh hold on
dude by the way like Bernie Sanders has
raised 18 million dollars from
individual donations averaging $18 just
for the record okay
like his average donation is $18 let's
see what Camilla Harris is is wait I
thought you just said this doesn't
matter we've gone by track record no
track record is still incredibly
important but I'm trying to understand
where you're coming from with the
numbers that you put together and I'm
seeing something different I'm
downloading the accepts where she but I
don't know like so he raised 18 million
last quarter and the average donation is
$18 which by the way like I said track
record is still incredibly important
he's saying under $200 you were saying
over $200 oh wait you said that wait can
you [ __ ] I'm sorry can you repeat that
again with what you said
Bernie's individual donors I mean uh
Bernie's donors okay here's the question
pull up okay here's the question we have
to make sure that we're like looking at
the same because I said very
specifically I said Camilla Harris
two-thirds over campaign contributions
come from donations that are over $200
when you say campaign contributions do
you mean total amount of money raised or
the number of contributions because for
instance I can have ten people
contribute $1 to me and one person
contribute a million dollars to make it
say the majority of my contributions
came from poor people but what does that
mean like a number of people to donate
it or the actual amount of money that
you raise these are two fundamentally
different questions do you understand
yeah I do understand I was giving you I
was giving you individual donors and you
I think were telling me like what
percentage of the donations were coming
from I don't know where the money is
coming from sure okay
so you said sorry whoa [ __ ] oh my god
I'm so sorry my I'm I'm on I've been on
since 2 2 p.m. my brain is like I
haven't eaten yet my brain is starting
to [ __ ] malfunction but um I said
that Bernie Sanders is [ __ ] me to find
the average of Kamala Harris she says
that her online donations are $28 but
the online donations is not what's
important I want to know what the
overall average is does that make sense
sure this is honest the average encodes
the number of people who donated I study
stats okay Komal Harris raises close to
12 million in three months Burnie raised
18 from she's pulled in large sums from
online donors while also aggressively
raising money on traditional fundraising
circuit and approached mr. booty judge
is also employing with great success the
Harris campaign said Friday that she
received donate in more than two hundred
seventy nine thousand people during the
second quarter and raised more than
seven million for total online the
campaign said that its average donation
is $40 lower than the 49 average
reported by the Biden campaign but
higher than the $18 average cited by the
same news team
okay so it's often putting too small
average donations as evidence that they
are attracting a large pool of
grassroots supporters this doesn't
really see instead it received sixty
three thousand in the first 24 hours
after the debate more than half of whom
were first-time donors to her
presidential bid is the best online
fundraising day of her campaign so far
it's it's really so like reading this
Newsweek article Bernie Sanders system
watch of his presidential bid
but Sanders campaign said 99% of
donations were $100 is less and
currently has 30 million cash on hand
they received nine hundred thousand
donations in his first quarter Sanders
raised a little more than 18 million
roughly from nine hundred thousand
donations with an average mention of $20
since the launch of Kamla Harris's
campaign 98 percent of contributions to
Harris were less than 100 dollars and
her average donation according the
campaign was $39 wait I told you that
wait you told me that Bernie Sanders am
I [ __ ] crazy am I am I like
misunderstanding the Excel spreadsheet
or does it say that the overwhelming
majority of Bernie Sanders is like
individual donors have donated less than
what do you call it less than two
hundred dollars okay this is what I'm
okay this is what I'm trying to
illustrate the difference for these two
things okay let's say that I have 1
million dollars okay but let's say that
10 people gave me $1 one person gave me
a million dollars I can make two
different statements about this money
that I have I can say most of my
contributions came from poor people
because nine of them donated $1 or I
could say most of my contributions came
from wealthy people because 99.9% of my
winning hear from one person but these
are two fundamentally different claims
do you understand okay yes well I saw I
don't know
so the claim that I make I'm just
linking articles that say these things I
don't know what you're comparing for
Bernie here's a Newsweek article that I
have that seems to be comparing like
similar numbers this right here it
doesn't seem like they're that far off
from one another Sanders is saying 99%
of his donations were $100 or less
Campbell Harris is saying that 98% of
her contributions are $100 or less it
doesn't seem like that big of a
difference
Camilla Harris is 98 percent of her
contributions are hundred dollars or
less yes wait hold on can you send me
that article yeah I sent it to you this
is the Newsweek one yep so scroll down
to Camelot Harris okay
Democratic who to fundraising numbers or
is it just in second quarter or is it
overall
oh it sounds like second quarter
fundraising levels the average donation
accorded the campaign since the launch
of her campaign so this is from the
launch of our campaign 90 percent of
contributions terrace with less than
$100 okay wait so
why would Kamala Harris his average
contribution be so much higher than
Bernie Sanders is then is it because
Bernie Sanders is I mean Bernie Sanders
has more individual donors than Kamala
Harris certainly okay I so I don't know
where your numbers are coming from I'm
just I'm just reading this newspaper
article which I'm assuming is correct
but it's saying that the average
donation according to camels campaign is
$39 the average nation according to
Bernie's campaign is $20 okay hold on
Destinee Hasan spot was about her Senate
campaign Oh was it I have no idea house
like I think that the problem this guy's
trying to read me lake house stats work
I don't understand what he's saying but
I think I understand what he's like
getting at like the problem is like if I
have like 1,000 people that donate $1 to
me right and I have like one person or
I've got like 10 people to donate like
$5,000 to me my average donation is
gonna be massively skewed because those
two people are like donating so much
more money to them like a few people can
like Matt it's not like a normal
distribution or like if your average
donation is fifty dollars that means
that some donate 20 a lot donate 50 some
donate like 80
it doesn't distribute like it like a
normal distribution would it's gonna be
massively disproportionate at both ends
most likely that's my guess I could be
wrong on that but I mean I'd be shocked
if it was like if it was a normal
distribution in terms of our campaign
donations go I'm guessing that most
people probably donate a very little
amount and the people that donate a lot
probably donate a lot more apparently
this is called a chi-squared
distribution
hi it's called chi-squared oh my bed you
muted Hassan did I know
wait hello I think he's needed or you
may be pushed on push it up
can you hear me yep I can hear no hello
okay I don't know what the [ __ ] happened
when you were talking about when we were
talking about the donations um by the
way thank you Chapo for the raid um okay
Bernie Sanders 14% large donors 58% 58
10.1% large individual donors for for
Kamala Harris wait 40 percent large
donor yeah
I'm looking at open secrets in the
summarization for well they're Senate
campaigns and I believe also for the for
the presidential campaign and it's
telling me and I can send you these
summarizations as well but it's telling
me that Kamala Harris is small
individual contributions under $200 is
33% her large individual concept for
contributions which are 58%
she is very little package so what does
this mean like the percentage of people
that donate were the percentage of the
money that she has is comprised of the
the percentage of her donation come from
large individual contributions like 58%
of her donate that's what we were
talking about before as well you see
what I'm saying like I when I when I
brought up Bernie Sanders and in the
difference between Kamala Harris I told
you that Bernie Sanders is small
individual contributions under $200 is
at 73.7% her his large individual
contributions is that 14 percent versus
Kamala Harris her the amount of money
that she's raised from large individual
contributions that 58 percent almost 60
and her small individual contributions
which are under $200 yeah okay so eight
point eight percent so across the board
she has raised like an infinitely more
amount of money than Bernie say like not
more money overall well even more money
actually but okay so like let me okay so
okay look I was trying one that I bet it
doesn't say anything but this is
starting to get into like kind of
complicated numbers [ __ ] here scroll
down why but like I'll explain why just
open these feelings scroll down to where
you see small individual contributions
okay so so you see where it says small
individual contributions on both of
these uh-huh
okay so here it shows that Kamala Harris
of all the money that she's raised
thirty four percent of it comes from
small contributions correct mm-hmm from
Bernie Sanders it says that his small
individual contributions have made up
seventy three percent right yes okay but
these numbers can still be firstly I
don't even know if we still care about
these numbers because you said earlier
but we'll say we do okay these numbers
could scream massively skewed because
you brought it up because you brought it
up okay but what I'm saying is it okay
what I'm saying is that you go down this
route no I think it doesn't matter
because you realize that [ __ ] you're
wrong that you've totally misrepresented
Kamala Harris is funding what's the [ __ ]
come on
destiny I'm trying to be as charitable
as possible to you this entire time
while you're [ __ ] throwing up okay no
I'm not okay stop okay are you listening
to me okay
okay I'm listening okay on the camel
Harris thing let's say she has four
thousand people that donated $1 okay
okay okay on the Bernie Sanders thing
let's say that he has
so if camel Harris is one thousand
people that donated $4 Bernie Sanders
could have let me break out a calculator
he could have had [ __ ] he could have
had 150 people that donated $100 okay
and you're saying that tell me one thing
I'm telling you is kind of saying what
I'm saying is that these number
don't necessarily mean that somebody has
like a wider support from like a smaller
base that on count and it might be the
case I'm just saying that like a camel
is there could be four thousand one
dollar the average in the difference
between the average don't you think that
it's understandable that Bernie Sanders
has seek a significant more amount of
individual campaign contributions I
don't even I don't know I don't even
know it's not a conspiracy of
millionaires it's basic math okay it's
not it's we're not talking about amount
of people here that are donating we're
just talking about the size of the
donations okay
a hundred fifty people could donate a
hundred dollars and that will
significantly boost your small
individual contributions and five
thousand people could donate one dollar
and it won't make much of a difference
there compared to the small individual
contributions because we're not looking
at the number of people donating we're
looking at the at the at the average
amounts of money that are being donated
compared to the total pool of money
that's on hand that's why in that
Newsweek article apparently Bernie said
that 99 percent of his contributions
come from people that donated what was
it less than a hundred dollars and
Campbell Harris at ninety eight percent
right it wasn't like that significant of
a difference these numbers are really
competent I don't think this matters the
reason I'm saying it doesn't matter is
cuz you earlier said it didn't matter
but if you want to focus on it we can't
but I'm just say that these numbers
don't necessarily say what you're saying
they say does that make sense
but these stats don't like it's
happening with Camila Harris's campaign
that is entirely different than Bernie
Sanders is for some reason we're small
individual donors are like how are they
getting around it no one's getting
around anything what do you mean because
you're saying that okay Komal Harris has
raised four million dollars from small
individual contributors right under $200
it makes up 33% Bernie Sanders on the
other hand has raised fifteen million
dollars from small individual donors
what do you think is the difference
they're like I don't understand like do
you think that there is a do you think
that there is like I think that both
people have a lot of support I think
that both people have a lot of support
from small donors since the launch of
his presidential bid the Sanders
campaign said 99% of their donation
look at median guys because we don't
check don't care that that Bernie
Sanders Bernie Sanders has 99% of his
donations as $100 or less Campbell
Harris said 98% of her donations 400 LS
so I mean it seems like both of them
have like the majority of their the
number of people that donate are people
that don't throw as much money at them
that seems to be the case can you
explain wait but I'm not under maybe I'm
not understanding but like what do you
think is like do you what do you think
is happening on the Bernie Sanders like
hypothetical what do you think is
happening on the Bernie Sanders campaign
where like where are people maxing out
like our people maxing out with like
smaller contributions that's not
happening on the Kamala Harris Campaign
which by the way would still you would
still have to max out it what what is it
like 2000 or was it $2,300 I don't I
don't know I haven't looked at those
numbers I'm just saying that like these
numbers don't necessarily like prove
like some grassroots thing I said that
both track record and donations matter
we're talking on the donation side and
you're giving me like you're telling me
that you don't know what like you're
saying that it could be that the Connell
Harris campaign has gotten has only
raised four million dollars from small
contributions and then the large
individual contributions could be still
small what I'm saying okay your initial
argument was that grassroots like
whether or not your grassroots support
now that you've got the policy to back
up so we've gone over arguing different
camallo Harris's policies which I don't
think are as bad as you make them sound
now we're arguing over funding sources
and from the earlier thing that you
cited wait the earlier thing that you
cited made it sound like Pamela Harris
like all of her donors were wealthy you
said some like two-thirds of her money
came from big donors or whatever I said
- no I said two-thirds of her campaign
contributions comes from over $200
donations
sure but that doesn't when looking at it
right in front of sure but that doesn't
say whether or not most of the people
donating are wealthy or not so you're
saying that like wealthy people are
[ __ ] donating a birth
am I crazy like are you saying that it's
like wealthy people secretly [ __ ]
donating to Bernie Sanders with like
individual contributions despite the
fact that like it seems like they hate
him including Dan
okay what I'm saying is that saying that
Kamla Harris gets most of her money from
wealthy people doesn't say that most of
the people donating to her are wealthy
does that make sense okay here's an
example let's say 1,000 people donate to
me
one guy donates $1,000 and 999 all
donate $1 right in that case do I say I
could say 99% of my donors donate as a
small amount however 50% of my money
came from large donors does that make
sense yes but what I care about is what
percentage of your money came from what
like how much of the money that you
raised come from large donors that's
what I care about but you can make an
argument for both cases here right maybe
I don't judge yet because Bernie Sanders
is large individual contributions are no
no no no what you just said 60 percent
you can't say the argument doesn't work
because it wouldn't help Bernie Sanders
sorry you just said okay that's not an
argument okay wait what are you
Am I am I losing my mind like what am I
looking at do you think there like
unless unless you think that like poor
people are [ __ ] no it's not what I'm
saying is that if you have a thousand
people that donate to you if one person
donates a thousand dollars okay and the
999 of them donate $1 you can both see
you can take two statements you could
say most of my support is from poor
people 99.9% of people donating $1 or
you could say well that's [ __ ] half
your money came from rich people but it
doesn't matter we're not talking about
that what so what are we talking about
we're talking about what percentage of
your contribution how much of the money
that you've raised what percentage of
the totality the money that you've
raised come from large individual
contributions compared to small
individual contributions that is
literally my main point that is all
he's been my main point and you've been
[ __ ] going on these like weird
different [ __ ] journeys basically
telling me that like the FCC report
shows that like Bernie Sanders is small
individual contributions are actually
Bernie Sanders are small individual
contributions are like much larger than
we previously thought or something like
you said like 2/3 of it come from large
individual contributions similar to
combo hair it's like I'm confused I'm
but we're all over the [ __ ] place
when the only argument that I've have
made thus far the original point that I
made is that the track record and
individual donations that the track
record and how much of your money that
you're raising come from large
individual contributions is absolutely
indicative of whether or not someone is
uh like whether or not someone is
someone I'm interested in ok so ok I
don't think it matters I don't I don't
think it matters like because I don't
think it matters like where the where
the like if most of your donors are
donated to dollars it's somehow that
means you're like somehow more I don't
know it's just not that important of a
thing to me
but I just didn't like the framing
earlier when you made it sound like all
of the people donating to Campbell
Harris for these rich people because of
the way that you made it sound earlier
and that like all the people didn't burn
ever like I don't know that's not oh so
you're saying that it's it's
inappropriate of me to say that like
someone making a two hundred dollar
donation or more is is indicative that
they are what do you call it indicative
that they are wealthy
I remember the original point at this
point was the first thing you said I
said she has a lot of corporate sponsors
and that she the overwhelming majority
of her campaign was funded by large
individual contributions which the data
backs I said that more than I said that
two-thirds of her I said the two-thirds
of her campaign is funded by large
individual contributions that's what I
said and and that's what I've been
saying and that's what I'm gonna keep
saying I don't know that's the fact okay
I mean I'll think into the numbers later
I mean it's incredibly [ __ ]
complicated I just are you not like what
I I don't know like these like these
sweeping thing you're like oh 72% of
blah blah blah
under 200 ELLs like these these numbers
can be skewed like so [ __ ] hardcore
like in one way or another like it's
like insane like apparently like people
are telling me based on this on the FEC
site that like over 8,000 people have
maxed out like $5,000 donations to
Bernie Sanders and on Campbell Harris
people are saying like it's that number
is like half or less than half well I
don't know dude like psychos are love
Bernie Sanders and like are giving so
much money to Bernie Sanders like do you
think that there's a way wait wait so
what the wealthy people do you think
there's honestly user of wealthy people
who are just like secretly maxing out
with under two hundred dollar donations
to Bernie Sanders and and like that's
why he's secretly propped up ah
no okay then what like why is that
argument even a necessity when we're
talking about how much of the how much
of dirty same as donations are coming
from large individual I don't know okay
we're moving on from this topic this is
cancer okay okay was that camel Harris
actually support three strike laws I
couldn't find that anywhere maybe I
didn't look hard enough I found an
article that said that in the early
2000s California a person could find
themselves in prison for quite a while
for relatively minor crimes because of
the three strikes laws all that was
implemented differently crusted for the
stage the general idea was a person who
committed three serious crimes for
survival allah the three-strike loves
especially harsh in california for a few
reasons for instance misdemeanors often
counted towards a purses three strikes
people were charged twice the same crime
etcetera as Attorney General of San
Francisco Coppola has pushed the state
when a path to easing up on the three
strikes rule she did this by refusing to
prosecute individuals for life sentences
unless their third crime was considered
serious or violent hey it's that
discretion everything you're talking
about earlier by 2012 the state as a
whole voted for the same chage through a
referendum I'm so I'm curious where does
this idea that she supported like three
strike crimes come from okay hold on I
have to go back to I don't even [ __ ]
remember what I said holy [ __ ]
oh yeah I am so defeated dude like
you've owned me into oblivion destiny um
I'm at its 10:30 I still haven't eaten
anything yet what did I say okay listen
I love you pretty much we don't have to
go through this whole thing but like
though initially illicit listen like a
few weeks ago we added to a big argument
because I said that I felt like people
that hardcore pull for Bernie will pull
[ __ ] way the [ __ ] out of their ass to
[ __ ] all over other Democratic
candidates and I got a lot of heat from
your community and my community in
regards to that because apparently you
look into people like Biden when with my
turn I have no business saying something
like that when I've only looked into a
few points of views that I disagreed
with so when this common with Harris
video came out I decided to spend my
three-hour flight looking at every
single comment video and most of these
have been like pretty grossly
misrepresented on like at least one
point so I mean like that I guess that's
just my frustration that there's like 35
minutes of like these totally random
assertions you're right I'm grossly
misrepresenting all of the positions
that we walk through one by one
including the donor stuff I don't know
about the donors I'll give you that one
if you want I don't know I don't care
about the nurse if you brother point up
but I'll give it to if you want I don't
care I don't care about the donor it
doesn't [ __ ] matter you are like your
hat you're engaging in like some of the
most insane [ __ ] semantics arguments
because I feel like you're butthurt by
the fact that your audience said that I
know what the [ __ ] I'm talking about
like I honestly I'm sorry but it
literally sounds like that because like
we agree on fundamentally every single
[ __ ] thing that you have brought up
then you have exhausted me with insane
hypotheticals the entire [ __ ] time
you're the one saying that I never like
this it is shocking to me that you're
making this seem and numerous times you
made it a negative race realist in the
way that they [ __ ] argue and it like
it's crazy you literally took you're
telling me that I'm giving you his sane
hypotheticals and earlier you the one
saying that a woman that calls the
police because she's worried about two
men following an alleyway that she
should because that are partially
responsible they get deported by ice
you're saying like how are you the one
thing that I'm making the insane
statements that schools ought to dismiss
all like resource officers I wouldn't do
that they all come on that's all wait
what what do you mean I said that it's
entirely
different and understandable that she
[ __ ] would call the police under
those circumstances I wouldn't
personally do it I've been in similar
situations where I haven't done it how
is this relevant to any shake partially
responsible but ultimately she is not
like ultimately it's not the same as you
[ __ ] calling the cop from your house
because you saw random people sitting
outside
that's literally okay here's my okay
here's what here's my challenge for you
okay I'm not changing the perspective at
all listen I'm not crazy on my giving
straw man my position or and come up
with insane hypotheticals and then
[ __ ] gas like me in the end of the
conversation by saying Oh like you said
that a woman calling the cops would be
bad because you did this is why I
specifically the reason this is why I
specifically asked you these questions
with with absolute raisered [ __ ] a
cassette I specifically asked you if a
woman called the cops because somebody
was chasing her because there are two
people in an alleyway that she felt like
they were posted for if she called the
cops and they got deported if she
partially responsible for that and you
said yes that I specifically asked you
that yeah okay
no why do you think I wouldn't do that
this is a train wrecks answer you
literally give me a train wrecks answer
right now what you know it's like no no
no no this literally reminds me this it
reminds me some it's like so you're
saying no no you say the [ __ ] school
is I said yes okay somehow I said how is
this an insane and LG are you saying
that somebody's never called the cops I
[ __ ] hate this [ __ ] every time we
have this conversation if you'd like
like I I know I cut you off quite
frequently I know that right but so do
you but for some [ __ ] weird reason
the entire thing turns into a song kept
talking over destiny and Hassan was like
so [ __ ] dumb or morally lucky in an
instance where like we literally agree
and you've done some of the most
disingenuous debate tactics that I'm
finally gonna start [ __ ] calling out
every single time that you do it it is
like talking to Ben Shapiro later okay
if you want I would be curious at the
end of this you can
go through this fad rate you can go
through this video you watch the bonus
stream if you feel like I used a
disingenuous debate tactic or buy Straub
and you or if I did something bad
[ __ ] quoted in the video and we can
go back and we can visit it at every
point I think that every analogy I used
was on point I think that every
hypothetical I used is on point but if
you feel like I've engaged in some
disingenuous
you know creepy Jewish mastermind tacky
or some [ __ ] go back we find it and then
point it out to me and we can go over it
what I didn't say you did creepy Jewish
tactics okay oh sorry I have the bank I
have the Ben Shapiro comparison and
they're creepy debate tactics but when I
say venture bureau's argument style
I know that you didn't mean Jewish I'm
just kidding I know I know you weren't
making anti-semitic comments I'm sorry
how does being edgy okay listen I love
you that's if we could keep talking
about if you want but no it's okay well
we'll continue this will continues
debate in part two okay okay that just
so you so you're prepared next time for
the part two of my other points were you
said the camel Harris was like shielding
the Catholic Church or wouldn't
prosecute the Catholic Church from sex
scandals which he wasn't doing it she
wasn't allowing the her Department to
release old files related to people that
I think had been accused of sexual
crimes in the past quite a bit different
but you can argue it semantics or
whatever there is that then you said
something about her how having trans
women refused medical care I don't know
if Harrison Weldon method I couldn't
find anything about that yeah okay it's
she refused to give she refused to sign
off on gender confirmation surgery for
certain trans individuals under okay
yeah I get I'll look for that again
because I couldn't find that there were
weird things about sex workers I'm sure
you're gonna be like well they were
criminals so they don't deserve okay I
also invited you think I've said
anything at all during this discussion
why then inconsistent in my moral system
I absolutely invite you to point it out
because I think everything I've said has
absolutely been very rigid and in from
start to finish we can go I think it's
not a I think it's not necessarily a
productive conversation to go over your
argumentative style and it's just more
semantics I don't think it's submit
you're saying semantics because you're
saying like school is
his police force when I challenged him
that you're saying well that's just
semantics it's not semantics it's
absolutely necessary to the conversation
like it wasn't even dude holy [ __ ]
it wasn't even [ __ ] the main point of
that conversation the main point of that
was like like you you pick that part
which I said I could have reword it in a
better fashion from the jump and then
you [ __ ] went off on like a two-hour
conversation that we had over over
whether like the schools were
responsible in the truancy argument -
holy [ __ ] dude anyway look we can like I
said we'll talk about it again we'll
rewatch it or something I'm sorry for
keeping you up this late but yeah okay
well I'll go over the debate in the on
my chat and you can - I'm sure there's
gonna be like 7500 [ __ ] threads on
your don't delete any of them even if
their shitty towards me don't do not
[ __ ] delete them what most of the
threats on my subreddit are
overwhelmingly positive with you most of
the ones posted at your separate it will
relentlessly sugar me what do you do I
evict Amanda yourself what no no no no
I'm why did you just say that wait then
why did you just act like you're gonna
be the big when my feelings don't delete
them because I know that most of them
will probably [ __ ] on you instead so
don't delete those either
okay look through your audience's your
audience is way better and mine is as
well very good at like picking apart our
debates and and and having a like a
offering good post analysis okay all
right I'll see you later buddy peace ho
[Music]
it's really gonna push
