have you ever spent a lot of time about
yes quality yeah let me rephrase this
interesting thing that we all take for
granted okay
everybody tells you that you need to
save for retirement we need to be
healthy you need to do all these things
so that at the end of your life you know
you're living is optimally as possible
and you would like the end of your life
in Israel right but I always wonder if
there I haven't exploited too much
personally but if there's an argument to
be made that like two people reach like
50 years old and then one guy's life is
like measurably better he's much
healthier they save for retirement and
the other guy is like living off Social
Security have any health problems if
like this guy could make the argument
that like yeah you're gonna look better
than me now and that's fine
but for the past 40 years of there's so
much more having it didn't we have this
discussion and this is actually one to
very few ones to actually want well this
was in regards to um this was in regards
to cific Lisa dieting but I'm speaking
more holistically like including this
putting like finances and whatnot as
well right but somebody that wastes all
their money like doing fun [ __ ] and
stuff like that and but the principle is
the same that if you if you live a
lifestyle that is well okay this there's
a lot of avenues to go down here but I
think I think ultimately the answer is
just to address the answer the answer is
probably you have to live the subjective
experiences most fun for yourself and
what does that be like pursuing money or
like just going to [ __ ] around
probably is irrelevant to your own I
would think that's the right answer
right but then beyond that I think
generally you'd get more rewarded if you
lived what like whatever this function I
was like a better life you worked out
yeah yeah exactly and that's like that's
like terrified then like when you
consider like how much time that it was
pretty dark uh vision you can see if I'm
the kind of know how much this now they
the mic is actually pretty sensitive so
I will select quietly ask them like
engineer me you guys can hear it's
pretty low right now right yeah yeah
casinos I'm talking about like end of
life how horrible is don't like what
what also is troublesome is how long
that period time is because you're
looking at my twenty or thirty years
it's a long time maybe that year they
start and so so this is one of the
arguments I think for a consistent
profile that your entire life because if
you start that earlier we have a much
better chance to
that's more healthy right I would much
rather go down that route at 75 then I
would I don't know what that one next
one no thank you
awesome thank you very much saying I
come so someone's been shocked replies
we have we check out all this we should
be good yeah we should be good thanks
very much thank you
is this ranch they can be Indian awesome
thank you have you ever heard of
something called a healthy spam
okay so there's been a lot of all right
I've heard of like a lot of criticism I
do that we focus a lot on light spam in
the world and life span increase it and
I think it's good we don't have to talk
about health spin over just the amount
of time that you live we are in a so
I've never heard of it referred to as a
with medicine that's a core personal
development principles yeah this is
super super important to maximize that
period of time yeah and this there's a
lot of like Silicon Valley entrepreneurs
they're obsessed with this possibly back
but to the extent they're like
transferring like different types of
waters this is not how to figure out
like how to like it's to extend that I
believe really strongly in that yeah the
thing is too though is I think you have
to know what you can get away with like
I think a lot of people they sort of
lose a lot of this sort of like gems of
life because they follow those
disciplines so
so our fight strictly rigidly but the
truth is like you can you can get away
with eating whatever you want once a
week twice a week you probably
completely fine I don't think the amount
of things that actually so there's a
there's a guy named Peter Adia who's
kind of at the head of like human
longevity and what actually affects it
and the point he usually makes is that
there's there's actually like very
little that will actually objectively
affect human longevity the other keys
right so like in terms of lifestyle
decisions and what you can do there's
very very little right the only like
scientifically proven thing that we know
will increase longevity is the juicy
fellow architec I've heard that
everything else is kind of a mean so
whether you're eating salads and stuff
every day or french fries attend de
sauver I hate to say that because it
feels like it should be different but
that's the action well to qualify that a
little bit he's probably talking about
in the absence of disease yes right so
and being obese can lead to a lot of
things like heart disease or diabetes
that will have an impact on not only how
long you live but the quality of life as
well
yeah but but beyond you have to go
pretty far down the rabbit hole to get
to those poisons right okay one really
interesting thing a lot of people aren't
aware of and you actually you find even
educated people unaware of us are you
familiar with the difference between a
lifespan and life expectancy
yeah so life expectancy has increased a
lot right as we've gone through the
years because of practice in things like
child mortality but lifespan haven't
actually really wait now I'm lost
so life expectancy will factor in things
like death due to disease will factor in
things like child mortality so like when
you go with like really far back you
know life expectancy might have been
thirty thirty years old or whatever yeah
but a lot of people here at that and
I've even heard next imperative that
doesn't mean that it like 30 years old
you die of old age it just means that so
many people were dying yeah but if you
live to be like 40 or 50 like even in
like Roman and Greek times you could
live to be fi like a healthy 60 70 80
years old it's not impossible to do it
and it's not even remarkable it's just
that a lot of people are dying over
there but like a lot of people have this
idea because you'll hear people say
things like our lifespan is increasing
so fast that we might get little point
to where it's going up faster than like
are even details so will actually keep
out living are you or will never outlive
our lifespan but in reality like your
overall lifespan hasn't really been
impacted that much as beeping well the
the average age of a American man is 82
and woman is 86 right something like
that yeah that that is that is a lot a
slightly longer lifespan than like Roman
Greek times right you didn't expect
because I think they would that closer
to 70s is that right no it has increased
but it has has to be long term later
like a on five it's gone from like 60 70
s to like 70 so you get people that are
thinking like it's good we're gonna live
to like 150 yeah people think of like my
generational thing like by the time you
live to 70 the average life is better
than 50 which is totally not yeah
I think it's like after you get old you
shall stop like over part of the series
and so the real trick is we have to
harvest like young children and take
their blood and then we'll be able but I
think there are things in your body that
stop regenerating or that start to tear
you ready they can't just be replaced
but there's a guy named Peter Diamandis
yeah I think I have to hit him right
he runs a pretty big company in Silicon
Valley and I think they're like trying
to inject like young blood like white
watts of my 18 year olds so this is like
I mean there's no like maybe there is
less stem cells and that's one of the
reasons why stem cells are such an
amazing advancement it's because you
could use something like clear
replacement therapy and you can
completely cure old injuries because
you're putting my shoes and then five
mentionable my shins whatever the word
is mentioned most Osias template is chat
will now
that is quite a little big for you not
to bother and those stem cells have like
enormous implications for how we hear
what cure and reason are age there's
people that are like in their fifties
that are getting replacement therapy and
fully curing like old injuries and their
shoulders or something that you could
never do before
so stem cells are actually like a huge
medical advancement right yet they're
mostly illegal
are you anybody
[Music]
tragedy
I really suck [ __ ] it's a bit a huge
it's a huge shitty thing that as men age
we're seen as like more wise more
revered and still sexy but they get the
chance pawn Daniel Craig he's late yeah
like 60 these people are prepared with
actresses like in their mid to late 20s
yeah because men eh they become more
desirable than women age it's always
seems like a universe like every single
thing is a woman that you do is try to
master age we dye your hair back to the
darker original colors you got
anti-wrinkle cream whatever it is
there's an interesting interview with
and he gets Anne Hathaway where she
talked about how she feels really bad oh
yeah she's in the old category now well
it was before that she's actually got
bad because she landed a lot of roles
that she thought it was insane because
there are a lot of like roles it'll be
written for like women in their 30s that
they'll give it to her because she was
younger she kind of felt like she was
[ __ ] a lot of the older actresses out
and when I say older I mean like early
mid thirties actresses yeah cuz
everyone's out by 40 like 45 well it's
just um I guess yeah it's kind of like
um if it seems like once you've passed
like 30 as a woman like
Media doesn't really care yeah sure oh
yeah because how it could happen well
because on a lot of media this has
changed like within the past 10 years is
starting to change but in a lot of media
like the role of a woman is literally
defined as an extension of a man like
every woman is there to be like a
romantic interest or a sex interest or
something
I play the best character and Wonder
Woman was Chris Pine cool is that the
guy yeah that's yeah why I would say the
best character does he's super hot we
disagree we disagree on this I think
that gal gadot cred that would be really
hard you know what I think gal gadot
carried that really really hard like she
did very well but yeah I think so but
she thinks that the movie was only as
good because Chris Pine oh I don't know
I think it it okay yeah
but it's changing like you see so many
female leads in Hollywood now
yep signing attention yeah Hunger Games
[Laughter]
the strong female who don't you know man
that's that's becoming an architect
[Music]
I think they'll let us film in the
escape them if we say we're youtubers
maybe don't see our Tichenor why it's
not cool enough yet I never actually set
up if I ever meet like a girl and I'm
trying to wrestle I never say like oh
yeah he's gonna mind quick I'll always
say I have a hundred thousand subs on
YouTube is what I see yeah exactly which
is like way less impressive than like
I'm one of the largest Chairman's in the
world to say oh yeah I'm like a medium
to small size here to prove more
impressive than the twitch [ __ ] that'll
change yeah hopefully yeah well are you
really one of the largest rivers in the
world I guess so
that's not sure I was actually pretty
surprised Oh cuz you linking that site
that's right all the fish stuff that I'm
like sixtieth there when I talk 100 yeah
we worked hard man you deserve it
technically it's my fault because I used
to be the largest river in the world for
like a year that's not grass when was
that
when Starcraft was grown it's not your
that was before the portly got big yeah
it's the biggest room in the world for
like a year and a half Wow
this is the for hotshot right cuz
hotshot was the biggest shame right and
it was yeah it was the play that got big
yeah yeah you were like uh you're like
screaming before OBS from before
excellent right yeah like you're right
that's pretty yeah I don't even know how
you do that
black magic it's pretty crazy
a lot of spiritual [ __ ] was involved in
that a lot of rituals had to happen
every night sacrifices are made some
real father doctor disrespect clothes
really funny I slowly came along real
happy able I like super cut up and like
the drama yeah I don't know I think it's
funny
did you like him before you at school
like maybe I don't know I liked you when
you had like four or five thousand
viewers I mean I suppose we still does
similar stuff something I'm so basic
dude iPod my favorite [ __ ] McClure
you're a pretty Norman damn okay like I
live I think we're cuz such a
discernment it's hard to place like
why but it's sort of that like person on
the couch with Ustream mm-hm
you were my favorite killer for a long
time but then he certainly we've been
through this oh yeah thank you there
used to be that I would see you in there
come back be like destiny insulin quick
it so fast and now I have to look at the
little subtext league of legends know
what you should do know is you should
put on RL and employees on IRL my men
you'll catch me and I'll watch just it
sounds like a really good way to get
people to never tune into my
anything that's not in point video games
in our Oh
sometimes I play piano I love your piano
compositions photo Super Bowl Thanks you
touch yourself cat about that give piano
at your house at a place you guys you
don't know we don't know you don't know
it for the piano he has a really cool
thing Eunice give you a fiction there
she plays by on very well I feel like it
yeah
oh those really cool yeah I'm nervous
said I like easy step here's the really
stupid reason that is it's gonna be real
dumb but I'm ready for it okay but I
made it
it'll be so dumb and it'll go back to
like being smart so I feel like if I
learn it the wrong way first I will not
be able to learn at the right way and
martial arts is like this where if you
learn martial arts from a bad teacher
I've been martial arts all my life so
you learn martial arts from the bad
teachers it is wait yeah that's a
justice so what you're saying is that if
you learn it wrong you have to unlearn
it and then yeah well or less often then
what could fit you then what I could get
from there there's got to be something
to be so I know noses like a theme of
yours it's gotta have been said in all
of your self-help [ __ ] but sometimes
it's better to just pick a decision and
move or even if it's suboptimal because
it sounds like a lot of your life is
kind of stuck up in this life decision
like decision paralysis or sometimes you
are like in decision paralysis we are so
scared of putting the optimist stuff
that you don't take anything at all yeah
you ever worried about something and I
picked up a lot from Starcraft and RTS
that often times we like to think that
we cannot make a decision but you're
always making it a sailor if you don't
make routine decisions yeah and then
more often than not not making a
decision is worse than making them worse
these are some up
they don't even worth this is more the
suboptimal yeah if you've got like two
choices in front if there's a huge
difference though like making the worst
decision versus a suboptimal
yeah no no yeah well I'm sorry well like
an RTS you're not making it as if it's
gonna give your life come on I mean
sorry I mean in the game no I'm being
serious like no in the game but I'm
saying like in their life but mostly I'm
saying I might just make like if you've
got to think about like this
to the Qataris I think it would be
suboptimal to the point where it would
be difficult for me to know tune I don't
know but like actually playing it I was
just gonna do the tune it so you can try
to play it we do that but what I'm
saying is it like if he if you if it
sits for two years you don't do anything
it probably but if it's way worse I'll
learn in the wrong way and then unloaded
then relearn it right yeah I think that
was baked into me because of our when I
was training it was way more important
to learn at the right way and it was
like there was like a literal
consequence of not going away right like
a little con special spice and so when I
was competing it was it was worse to do
it so you'd have to like make sure you
got right yeah sure but I know that
you're saying I guess the problem is I
don't know how to fix it you don't know
anything about music then I look like I
know how to play piano I think that's
not true
I think you play a role I just know a
lot of music theory because I wanted to
do composition it's all I can yeah no
everything is laid out in front of you
so I can like make up a lot of stuff
yeah you'll take something like the
piano proficiency course or something
yeah sure
I think it's a very challenging it's
scarier it might be scarier because you
never thought about it but I think that
piano is one of the easiest systems to
learn and I think it's it's way easier
than any women story
women's boots are so hard because on a
wind instrument it's gonna take you four
years just sound like you're not [ __ ]
garbage where's like on the piano you
just have to push the key and even a
professional playing one note a record
is going to sound the same as an amateur
playing one on record
but unlike on a wind instrument
professional can play something very
simple and sound like God here it's like
yeah there's a huge it's like a human
voice or whatever program instrument
right the instrument I really want is an
e we have you ever heard of that what I
told you ravenson anyway it's an
electric wind insertion and you can
program it to play any MIDI notes out
any like a retro game 8-bit 16-bit sound
effects and you can program it to have
like whatever key your fingering rocks
if you know how to do a snap scope you
can program it to do saxophone Cameron
fingering interesting it's super cool
but what got you interested in the music
dirty I mean I really like music I was
like an extension of that I guess but
why specifically composition because
writing songs is like the coolest thing
to do for music right rather than
playing other people's songs so did you
ever actually do that or he didn't
challenges I do they make opposition
challenge I mean I had a few pieces that
I would be like right for like our
