if you get a display comm slash destiny
official look at this guy's look at all
these metal got all these metal posters
you can get look at how cool this is Wow
they look great in real life we've
looked at in one stream okay when you
buy these posters you can use destiny 15
to get a 15% discount actually really
like these posters I was really really
close to buying one anyway
the only reason I didn't was because I
was about to pull the trigger on it but
I was just going on one of my infamous
vacations but yeah these are really cool
they're pretty heavy they give like
sticks or whatever or stickers for you
to like stick them to the wall and stuff
they look really cool in real life this
is a metal poster look at a vibrant the
colors are look at how metallic it is
look at how it's solvent that's not
breaking it's not breaking it's not
bending it's cool as [ __ ] okay [ __ ]
buy this [ __ ] every time I go to the
bathroom and I look in the [ __ ]
mirror I'm just a horrifying shaved
[ __ ] face okay you should wear more
form-fitting things we should push it
with an instrument so what are gonna do
about the modal sevens oh no this is
another ban Twitter account so much you
can really do about it unfortunate
Steven if you have any cool opinions
that you want me to tweet for you out
right yeah as long as it's not too
controversial well you can't cause dear
Twitter into bad bunnies career like the
hillbilly from Independence today we did
a game start for you honey it's a game
on for you yeah we're in game arena
what's it mean is it spawning wait did
it really did I just excel for no reason
no you are actually in the mine oh you
should come
yeah but you said minions at spawn
there's no way I'll just be mean thank
you for being nicer today Lily um what
No :
[Music]
[ __ ] I should have stayed why are you so
scared okay leaving I'm leaving I'm
leaving why you I don't understand this
guy at all holy [ __ ] what are you doing
oh my god he's a god no he's not a god
he just faded me so hard just kidding
good
[Music]
nice job Oh God first power
congratulations
nice hook Thresh no why'd you run away
god damn Lily which probably just saw
like run around holding hands right now
q effectively this choice trying to
Marisa justified miss it's like over I
just loose the whole game okay no
pressure I won't miss oh that's a good
you know oh sorry you scared me you
scared me
oh that's a lot of Jews no bullies but
you look like a skinny fat hog Howard
now thanks on you fear and Stephen
that's a rough one Willie yeah sure was
okay I can't win too many if I promote
with a little bit of AI together so
that's true yeah people think I'm a
millionaire in your chap what's the heck
um look if you consider millionaire to
be five million or Janet toastin have on
wait are you being serious
oh no that's okay hey Lily you know what
listen it's been fun maybe we can play
Lily when are we gonna have strands
where we learn how to drive Lily come on
this is good ass content thank you are
you looking a worst driving teacher well
I would be the best driving teacher okay
especially I know all your [ __ ]
friends have [ __ ] their cars which
friend of yours has like all four
corners are [ __ ] up because she's
crashing like every [ __ ] mailbox come
on Lily who which one of my friends is
that I don't know but I know every like
it feels like every girl I've talked to
who's been in at least three accidents I
think denims and Iman both said they
happen I feel like Aria said she has
them but I could be wrong
no God okay
there's no way I'm gonna [ __ ] this up
my god keep going I am I have seven
seconds I'm sorry yep I'm just gonna
avoid that oh my god oh my gosh did I
let's who do we go for who do this thing
okay wow it's such a good game yeah okay
I don't know why this I really don't
know oh yeah I'm just I'm really rusty
well she flash for that I'm Justine oh
my god okay next cute buying gangstas
we're gonna be in big trouble
why is that don't worry about it okay I
have no summoner spells oh well neither
do i okay no let's go back yeah
it's really hard boys I can't say
literally I can't do anything I'm sorry
yeah nah I'm just being honest you know
yeah when you when you queue randomly
and you have no queue up just randomly I
don't know why I'm going through midlife
crisis see a point of one third life
crisis to do midlife crisis more like a
mid lane crisis that's pretty funny your
chats pretty funny season they you don't
sound happy playing league of legends do
you don't have to you know forcing you
to play okay you'll have that tone of
voice right now I'm just concentrating
okay okay okay show you stuff should you
let me put push-to-talk placements nope
I like I'm just hearing your voice all
the time uh highly doubt that okay I
know I know I'm just really scared now
I'm just gonna throw my cue right okay
I'm sorry yeah okay cool
maybe she just farm honestly wait wait
wait wait baby
losing all of my life right now
ah [ __ ] there's so many people here I
feel we share the bond and I feel like
we should just stay back and let in farm
that was a crack right there
Stephen yo me and the politics I will
read up and you want to teach me cookie
cutter so we have something to talk
about and use together and we can debate
each other and stuff I'll take the
opposing view of whatever you believe in
what's the opposing view of whatever you
believe in explain oh okay if you have a
chill they are see oh you mean it okay
hey what's up
ah [ __ ] that unmute killed me Oh God
what's up
what do wait did you actually have an
assayer you just I'm molding Stephen we
can still win this right now looking
good little little chew little Pichu
it's like I'm pretty rough yeah it's
looking really we've come back from
where straights even probably yeah I
knew that first game was too good to be
true
Oh what's up right here yeah yeah almost
you got it lilz lilz little a little a
little Lily almost I believe I believe
in you
nice job Lily it's a gamer time Lily are
you ready
haha okay we're gonna get a lot of CS
now with both these in his downloading
so much gold oh maybe we'll pick up a
couple kills here too while they try to
push our Nexus turrets
oh there's one
okay it's almost 3:00
oh my god
just push for the win no Lily oh wait we
might actually be able go top and get in
hip time in hip dummy Ben no joke no
yeah
I want to believe Lily I've never wanted
to believe in anything harder my entire
life oh no Lily
oh no Lily just run run run run run yeah
run run run run Lily everything okay
they used all their alts we'll
definitely be able to defend no you know
Lily a lot of things are possible that's
definitely one of them no Lily I'm up in
nine okay don't worry
unless they all that if I'm up
nice wait you guys can oh yeah oh no oh
my god that's good good here
Oh No
Lily Lily got you Lily go okay we try
Lily okay listen we played our 3/4 today
I think that's it's gonna be too busy
you guys are gonna have a plan correctly
you're gonna have to move to a venue
