[ __ ] about Iran oh okay about the
seedless [ __ ] countries out there I've
ever seen [ __ ] [ __ ] have your
number I don't care can I please [ __ ]
just respond to your dumb [ __ ] point
there's [ __ ] show on stream right on
the box do it why did you decide to come
on the show um I don't know I just
wanted to show you guys a little bit
aren't you the guy that read the article
saying that I was an under investigation
for child porn or whatever was that you
that was actually me oh I mean I mean if
you were trying to pretend like you're
an idiot I mean you did a really good
job at fooling myself this the discord
there's so many people in the green room
oh hello
I would love to talk to destiny as wild
claims to authority and all the topics
that you guys have talked to claims to
Authority what do you mean by that
yeah I mean first off when it comes to
incest you're entirely wrong inbreeding
and the depression IQ in the study of 72
countries by commingling and [ __ ]
your siblings doesn't have any harmful
effects can you show me any of these
statistics can can we breed them I'd
love to read them was that directed at
me I believe so yeah I'm sorry I never
came out of support of inbreeding I was
I was saying that incest morally neutral
I don't know if you were talking to me
you say you said you said I just heard
you not even an hour nope I've never
defended inbreeding No are you high at
the entire chat just listening to that
okay so I'm not sure what the average
age is here again but it is entirely
possible to engage in a lot of sexual
activity without having kids
I wasn't supporting inbreeding I said
it's estriol relationships aren't
necessarily wrong let me know when
you're done if you want to keep talking
you can and then I'll get my point out
Jesus [ __ ]
go ahead inbreeding in Greece
the actual rod dil is a joke
well how we did a joke cuz it is I mean
there's not an answer dog you can't you
see what a joke cuz it's called a
tautology no [ __ ] if Iran has a nuclear
missile I don't care
ok well everybody that's in the interest
of not having people [ __ ] nuking
people in the world generally doesn't
want people like Iran to have a nuclear
weapon ok so are you against them having
a nuclear missile
yes arguing against incest on the
grounds that you could produce children
with genetic deformities isn't an
argument against incest it's an argument
against having children that could have
genetic deformity is it argument
generous dick Masterson it's not the
Socratic method if you're talking about
dad's [ __ ] their daughters I was like
holy [ __ ] [ __ ] pedophile is calling
in what the [ __ ] is this what are
cultural societies don't work simply
because any time you bring in a bunch of
people to your country and you're
expecting multiple cultures that somehow
blend it just doesn't work you you need
one culture to be the dominant one
survive them why does everyone here talk
about [ __ ] daughters is so [ __ ]
weird
now we're telling argument okay so are
you telling me that any person that has
sex with another purple it's no wonder
you lost two debates to your mother you
can't even stop talking okay I'm not
changing topics you're the one that just
brought up my mom out of nowhere I guess
when you're 16 those are the kinds of
jokes you go to huh oh so now so now
you're gonna go to insulting me you know
for somebody you're just talking about
my mom yeah I'm gonna go to assaulting
you you open yourself up who are
prettier well you literally just brought
up my mom the agreement that Obama
signed doesn't do anything to stop them
from having one except it absolutely did
because they've got their set if you
shut down it gave us 24 investigators
that went I'm sure a criminal regime
signing an agreement prevents them from
having a nuclear mess it wasn't just a
criminal racial rias on all caps of
agreements and now they have what 20 30
40 50 nuclear missiles oh wow they did
it a lot of good so getting upset no I'm
not upset at all do this is because we
can get the Democrats and I can dunk you
on that too I mean you haven't even let
me finish dunking you on like your total
straw man about me defending
in green you're backpedaling now proof
I'm sitting right here next to my
goalpost it hasn't moved at all my kids
why are you getting shook right now your
boys your go to come on dude give me
facts I want to see actual empirical
evidence I gave you I decided if they
haven't even gotten to facts yet you
can't even establish first-order logic
let me see if I can ask you a basic
question do you think that inbreeding
and incest are the same thing I think
that in breeding and incest are the same
thing because you can't in breathe
unless you engage in I take the L hear
you wondered why don't you have some
balls and come over here because you're
calling everybody here a Nazi and white
supremacist like this [ __ ] idiot yeah
I mean you're just wrong like no the
Iran deal game agreement is odd because
we don't have real agreements with North
Korea dawg we do with Iran we think
because we had so much [ __ ] they
actually did some agreements do you know
anything I mean you started for a
legalization of incest an ethical child
pornography every unit you firstly you
never what I would argue that that's
fairly degenerate if you yeah of course
but you well you wouldn't argue it you
would say it cuz you didn't put up any
arguments either those points I mean it
is said [ __ ] your brother and your
sisters degenerate period I mean I don't
yeah that's not so that's not an
argument I was trying to be polite ever
even even putting that out into the
ether for people to hear your voice
saying that makes you a [ __ ] sick
[ __ ] I'm sorry for hurting your feelings
there I don't know well your view on
foreign politics is about that of a 16
year old because the idea that the u.s.
can just moonwalk the [ __ ] out of the
Middle East and give up all that
influence to Russia doesn't really make
well for the rest of the world NATO is
not going to trust Iran because because
the destabilization of that region is
going to cause us to lose a lot of
allies in the area and the geopolitical
influence that we give up around the
world is going to cause both NATO and
the UN and the EU to lose faith in the
United States a neocon argument okay I'm
so early though you can I please finish
your point I know that
is like the first time you've ever spoke
to some of your [ __ ] life on the
internet you're super excited for it but
holy [ __ ] shut the [ __ ] up I'm sorry
hi I mean it shows mommy you're sick in
the head for even saying what you want
me to say is that is that what you were
waiting for yeah I know I mean you said
why you old say yeah I mean come on
you're really [ __ ] no-good right now
apparently that [ __ ] your mother your
brother your sister
that shit's [ __ ] degenerates
disgusting of course we can't leave the
Middle East there's too much oil over
here there's too much that's the same
[ __ ] thing they say so you might as
well be [ __ ] Bill Kristol when you
saged well that's fine then when we pull
out of that area in more countries more
states fail that's [ __ ] Syria did
because guess what we're not because
when these because when the failing so
low-skilled immigrants most of the time
tend to vote Republican and they don't
vote Democrat which completely destroys
your original claim where you claim that
all these immigrants that are coming
into this country commonly vote Democrat
or commonly vote Republican you were I
don't think I ever said these things I'm
not really sure so and then when it
comes to gender dysmorphia you're
completely wrong about that talk about
something different if you want super
triggered my dude you're screaming at me
without giving me a single argument it's
a definition
thank you good what's what's your art
pretty hard topic to argue I wouldn't
want to go down that road it's okay just
stay triggered ooh we can talk about
something different this guy is like so
[ __ ] excited to get in here I don't
even know what you're I know it's really
hard to use can you say wait so do you
think that Hispanic immigrants generally
vote Democrat a Republican made most of
the times would a Democrat especially if
they're new immigrants okay wait so what
did I say that you disagree or what do
we disagree on you said that they didn't
you said that the voting populace was
not affected by new immigrants into a
new neighborhood which completely
destroys your original claim where you
claimed that all these immigrants that
are coming into this country commonly
vote Democrat or
commonly the Republic at this point 180
I'm so [ __ ] confused right now
no the the debate is the fact that you
made a claim that was incorrect and I'm
correcting you what you claim do you
think I made again
sorry diskens low-skilled immigrants
that come into this country don't affect
the votes okay I'm taking shell on this
one too what's your next talking about
gender dysmorphia is that what you said
what happens in Knoxville what happens
in Cincinnati what happens in Los
Angeles great and if it was the 1800s
bro that would be a real [ __ ] woke
opinion but at today's world all of us
are interconnected all of us have to
live together our [ __ ] products come
from [ __ ] China they're manufacturing
a [ __ ] India and [ __ ] going on to the
European Union impacts everybody and
everything we can't make that
low-skilled [ __ ] here I mean we clearly
can't because we don't know we clearly
know we clearly can okay well I don't
know why it doesn't you kids know
obviously because look man you want to
entertain hypotheticals entertain the
hypothetical of ever using a peephole in
your front door what has happen cuz I'm
doing [ __ ] like 20,000 a month on
patreon and these are the kind of
d-minus insults you come here with come
on dude you gotta have something more
original than that feel like we actually
agree on some solute Lee do not agree oh
my god what what do we not agree on on
literally everything okay so war what
I'm a big free-market sky but I
recognize that socialized healthcare is
the best way to why are you a free
market sky so social is a hard
capitalist why do I get attacked by my
lefty fanbase for being a capitalist
another talk to people like you do you
think I'm sorry all right I hate you
guys but thanks for having me fun
[ __ ] christ
[Music]
