did you DMCA that one do ya you better
[ __ ] believe I did feel I like doing
it if I can steal my [ __ ] and he tuck
[ __ ] on me online we're to believe I'm
coming after you with that DMC hammer
woo like that video I hope it gets taken
down to that guy that I had to debate
with all the all meat guy I thought it
was a fine conversation we were cool he
was like really pushy to try to get me
to agree with me yeah but I thought we
left cool but then like when you look at
his [ __ ] does anybody have a link to
the video is it still uh do the comments
that this guy like runs through like
liking and [ __ ] like this is what a SOI
boy small dick [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
[ __ ] looks like this is why
they're all [ __ ] [ __ ] as far as a
dude with the phone why you liking
because I thought we were had especially
when you're ripping the video from my
[ __ ] stream you're ripping it you're
putting it right onto your [ __ ]
channel and then all of your [ __ ]
fans are like literally going like as
hard into the pain as they can you're
sending a liking like all their comms
the [ __ ] is wrong with you like okay I
don't think he was hating on you as much
as just shitty anti-vegan memes
okay well let's what's the mean where
it's like you said this thing but this
determined it was a lot let's read let's
find out maybe maybe these are just
generic anti-vegan memes destiny is a
manlet with a child's frame he got so
triggered saying it's sub-optimal to
have lots of muscle and be tall lamay oh
the copa strong so if you didn't know
from evolutionary point of view
typically these are all general
generally you want to consume the least
amount of energy as possible
muscles are suboptimal that's why humans
aren't naturally [ __ ] shredded you go
through endurance training in order to
apply a stress to grow muscles they're
not there automatically because the more
muscles you have the more calories you
consume so I mean like this that's just
true now like obviously in today's
society we don't have food shortages or
whatever but like typically you don't
want to carry around a ton of extra
calorie consuming components you don't
need to because the more energy you need
to survive the lower your chance of
survival I don't know why I don't know
how you could take issue that but okay
he gave himself a stripper name do you
think that's like a generic auntie vegan
thing destiny looks like he was raised
on soymilk and Twinkies possibly
allergic to testosterone keep in mind
that all of these people are saying this
on a channel where a guy that claims
that eating like raw meat gives him like
naturally vibrant skin has to like cover
himself with crazy amounts of [ __ ]
clown makeup in order to like shoot any
videos okay
I don't know if maybe the meat that he
ate wasn't giving him the vibrance that
he thought he needed or what but like
okay let's see this is a okay comment
but debating vegans is is pointless and
ineffective to change their minds yeah
okay these people can look like
skeletons in a mirror and still see how
no amount of legitimate nutritional
evidence valid studies Oh God not that
guy is there a correlation between
lisping and soy intake if show than this
guy proves it how can you believe that
exercise is more important than nutrient
density I like how he says it like it's
just such a self-evident statement how
can you believe that exercise is more
important than nutrient to say oh I
don't know that sound like a really
[ __ ] complicated question I don't
know which one is more important like
the [ __ ] kind of every ant every animal
is energy sparing and it only exercises
when needed an air in good health many
animals have very little physical
expenditure and still at perfect health
humans move and work more than many
animals even with current sedentary
lifestyles it's clear health is
primarily nutritional is that true would
you say that the average human moves
more than the average like hunting
animal more than like a tiger or lion or
it seems counterintuitive but I mean it
could be true if like because cats don't
move around a lot like maybe Mayans and
all that [ __ ] the wilderness maybe they
don't move either I'm not sure I don't
know I'm doubtful though I like how
everyone here it also assumes I'm a
vegan
[Music]
Destinee take a look at the difference
from South and North Koreans North
Koreans are 3 to 8 cm taller blah blah
that's the effect of nutrition ok I need
to take a look at old people that like
lay on their backs all day and then have
massive [ __ ] bed sores I mean Lee
this is such a dumb comment like
nutrition is obviously important but I
don't know I it's not very productive to
debate with destiny he's a talented
softest who doesn't really believe in or
stand for anything but instead just
tries to score rhetorical points and win
this guy is a coping manlet who probably
weighs 2 inch lifts on his nightly trips
to Walmart to stock up on snacks I
doesn't feel conscious in front of the
cashier height and muscles autumn for
attracting mates since arriving in
nature period come on we [ __ ] the
projection this is like so oddly
specific do you think this guy lik goes
to the store he's like very self
conscious being short in an aisle I
think I've said this a million times but
like uhm never in my life until I came
to the internet that I realized that
people especially men obsessed so much
over height I had no idea his voice is
so high Jesus Christ yeah hold on so
people are saying that I think he likes
every comment but he doesn't I went
through and I verified this before I dam
see at him he doesn't there are comments
that he doesn't like using them mice
mice I argument to help your argument
Frank you highlighted this in another
video so like he didn't like this guy's
comment every carnivore daughter will be
eating plants again carb up friends
please he didn't like this when he
doesn't just like all of them he goes
through any like he does discriminate
you both did well let's respect one
another's perspectives maybe he liked
all the comments for Sunday no I checked
him I made sure that like I'm not an
idiot
like I made sure that they were there
are comments that were posted after that
were very mean towards me that he liked
and then ones that were posted earlier
than that they didn't I'm pretty sure he
was he's somewhat discriminatory he
likes a lot but yeah fuck'em
if I were a man let I too would pretend
height doesn't matter nice meme thanks
for the money money
