Oh God what do you want don't ask it I'm
banning you from the server if you ask I
will ban you from the server I'm
hovering it right now ban swing the ban
hammer on at heart Mallika okay ask you
a question go for it okay can you state
for the record first are you okay with
killing bait oh no no I'm not okay with
killing babies or abortion is it true
that you're not a vegetarian you eat
animal carcass ISM don't you look
equivalent that is the same as eating
bait no they're not human babies but
they're actually animal babies so you're
basically eating children I don't give a
[ __ ] about animals Wow so how do you
feel about horsedick I hate you okay
ako what do you want your next wake up I
am you're here what do you want God you
wanted veganism right no she's just
whatever you want okay hit us up okay
by the way here's my didn't I just
you're done in a lot of debates recently
and you produce a lot of content thanks
but I have to say oh no I have to say
the worst thing that I heard in the past
couple of days of conversations was
Sargon of Akkad on ironically thinking
that Disney is failing oh yeah what do
we have we have Black Panther Captain
Marvel force awakens the last Jedi rogue
one wait am i talked to you before hey
you remembered yeah you're the guy with
the icing right yeah yeah okay okay I
say okay cool I remember okay yeah wow
that's amazing
no it's all good yeah Disney's failing I
really do like his interpretation of
capitalism oh the business owners will
put aside profits to push a socially
progressive agenda yes that's something
that I wish I could believe that holy
[ __ ]
ah I also like I also think that I wish
I could have focus on smart there's so
much I wish I could have focused on on
sargon and Nic well then we're saying
different dumb things but like it's
really funny because if you look at the
Disney movies that were made Star Wars
you know the force awakens sjw [ __ ]
did like I think that was a two billion
dollar one Star Wars rogue one over a
billion dollars sta to be [ __ ]
female lead Asian [ __ ] actors Star
Wars the last Jedi cocked white man
who's evil female lead black lead did
over a billion dollars and then solo the
movie would the white guy main character
ends up doing what did that movie do it
was like 300 million is that wasn't it
was really bad wasn't it I don't know if
it was that bad but I don't I don't
remember I Dino it was bad but I'm a
solo a Star Wars story
oh my god yeah it was four hundred
million dollars against a 300 million
dollar budget I'm pretty sure solo was
the reason why they put a hold on all
the spin-offs it wasn't because of the
other [ __ ] Star Wars movies but yeah
are those people they were doing Game of
Thrones still getting their own like
trilogy or whatever
you mean the Lord of the Rings or no no
there was like the people who were doing
Game of Thrones
there was like 2p I don't actually watch
Game of Thrones so but they were getting
like their their own trilogy or
something and I don't remember I was one
of the ones that like got shit-canned
people I think prequel to get my Thrones
I'm not sure the only thing I've heard
of is like wasn't I think there's like a
Lord of the Rings 10 part series or
something that's like a like a Lacan is
now it's supposed to be like didn't they
give like a billion dollars for the
season I sent my outrageous amount of
money I thought yeah it's supposed to be
about like a young Aragorn or something
I got something like that yeah but that
wasn't that was unrelated okay um no I
was just I just thought that was funny
um a lot of pretty fun yeah yeah if you
thought people were mad about this movie
wait until shang-chi comes out uh-oh
what's that about that's that's gonna be
our next one that's the first Asian
superhero
from marvel is that a woman no he's a
dude but I'm sure people are gonna talk
about how it's failing because Marvel is
killing to diversity and then it's just
gonna make like two billion dollars in
China dude did you see how [ __ ] mad
people were when Captain Marvel ended up
doing really well there were so many
people that were laughing at how
horrible the movies been because they
look at the box sometimes on like day
one or some show like Oh failure of a
movie and then it is up like grossing
over a billion dollars and people are
going [ __ ] apeshit oh my god dude I
just I can't get into it cuz it's like I
I would hate to be somebody who like you
have to imagine that a lot of peace
people are like in some sense of the
word passionate about what they're
seeing because like they if they thought
that like social justice was ruining
these movies for them they if they
didn't care about the movies they
probably wouldn't get mad about it
so I can't imagine being somebody who's
like really looking forward to like
endgame but then just sitting in the
theater and any time Captain Marvel is
on screen just like [ __ ] gripping
your seat like being [ __ ] seething
well but like I really care about the
movies at that point or are you and I
are you ironically enough the people
that are the ones crying about politics
ruining everything aren't you letting
politics ruin stuff I don't know I just
seems kind of weird that you would let
something like that ruin a movie for you
I guess yeah I don't know I just like I
don't know people also have a hard time
divorcing between like how they feel
about a movie and whether or not they
think it was good like I liked Captain
Marvel I don't think it was a great
movie I thought it was okay but I still
liked it you know okay that was all I
really got I don't know I just wanted to
say hi it's been a while yeah how are
you know buddy how you doing okay I'm
doing better I have I gotta admit I was
gone for a while cuz I had I think I
mentioned last time I was on I had some
anxiety and that that [ __ ] went crazy
but I it is good to be back I got some
found something that works for me it's
not mushrooms so we're not going there
okay
let's see is there anything else I want
to get while have you here before I let
you get back to more socialism and
veganism calls oh can i you're playing
factorial but can I hit you up with a
link real quick oh boy yeah knock
yourself oh I was just I was just
watching this the other day and it made
me laugh so it's it's movie related so
you talk about movies sometimes and I'm
sure you're big on like not just music
but like sound design in music right
sorry oh if I can find you on disc era
one second
all right have you ever seen Lee miserab
no I haven't liked the show or the play
or whatever okay well this is like a
serious most boilers in chat if you
haven't seen this like 20-year old
theater based on a 150 year old book
this is the moment in the film
adaptation where Javert is committing
suicide because he can't live with being
able to arrest
Jean Valjean but um timestamp this take
a listen to the some of the sound design
here and tell me what you think trust me
you'll know when you hear it oh boy
okay I'm excited
[Music]
one second people were also accusing
Disney for buying tickets to inflate
their Captain Marvel the sales people
recorded empty theaters as if they
totally didn't record after the movie
was over they live in butt [ __ ] nowhere
omegle okay
you
you
[Music]
you
okay what am I taking for this I mean
did you hear when he hit the water yeah
I think it was like his legs crunching
on the thing yeah I don't know I just
chat thought it was pretty funny I
thought it was pretty funny
I think it's funny to listen to him and
commit suicide no I think it's funny to
listen to horrible dramatic decisions in
a film when you are doing something that
is supposed to be emotionally moving oh
you think it was inappropriate
yeah it was like oh okay yeah I would I
would agree with that more I thought you
were trying to give me an example of
like really good sound design oh no that
was really horrible sound design okay
yeah it sounds a little bit like
dramatic
like a night 9 in a good way yeah
yeah okay okay well hey I love you buddy
hey yeah enjoy the rest of the
computation you listening well uh when I
got when I got more to talk about we'll
come back maybe after like endgame comes
out or something because that's
apparently movies are all I know how to
talk about that'll be fun
all right see you later in a popular
[Music]
