don't wait do I have to be in character
for this one this your character as me
introducing my you're setting the
president okay I'm gonna do a voice okay
I'm deaf I'm the leader of the party I
am a bird and I have a detective agency
called various operations agency I
opened it a little while back in hopes
to make money and solve people's various
problems so it's a character a young
woman because what it sounds like what
do you I'm a little younger and I I'm
working on the voice alright it'll come
it'll come with with my character
alright and who was the first person in
this detective agency that you hired
it was Jeff's character excuse me
yeah his name it's on the roll20 page
yeah yeah Oh tough act to follow
our leader is constantly drunk it's
gonna be weird my name is El Dora I'm
the muscle of this group it kind of
keeps them in line
and what is your breaks in class valdore
I don't see in races and classes Neil
what's your species and occupation I am
a human male and generally speaking my
job falls into the fighter territory and
who was the second person hired it was
nevets
it was I am a soft-spoken inquisitive
level 3 Road and I am the investigative
unit ok and you've already said that
your Road what is your species well I am
a Lightfoot what boy but why did you
write that into my thing I don't know
why I write that um I believe I'm a I'm
a
pling oh that's my sub brace oh I'm
sorry yeah I don't see sub-races I'm
also quite progressive in this crew
based on their political stance here we
are and the fourth person hired i'm Toki
I'm a till dwarf I amateur and my past
has been entrenched in opulence and
riches but I am now past that that is
all you know dust in the wind as they
would say the toast
you
