awesome brawler whatever you're in
you've made it you've done it you've
ascended hello Bob you ascended oh oh
hello hello yeah hey what up yeah I can
hear you
I don't buddy I'm doing fine how about
you wait can you hear me are you
listening to the stream I just turned
off the stream okay can you hear me
hello yeah okay
what's up buddy I want to talk to you
but responsible platforming okay what
about it so you believe that everyone
should generally do everything they can
so that people don't get hurt right um
yeah generally yeah and you add some
like level of responsibility towards
public figures because they have a lot
of influence right yeah like for example
you don't joke about like trans people
or black people or women because they
could lead to them like getting hurt
okay yeah okay well I want to talk to
button and industry that helps people
and hopefully convince you to do
something do something about it an
industry that helps people or hurts
people hurts people oh okay
although yeah I'm still here oh yeah
okay yeah well what's the what is it
getting my my script ready okay hello
okay so the ministry harms people in
like three ways where what a mystery
meat the meat industry oh okay okay so
it harms people in like three ways the
first way is up through slaughterhouse
workers second way is through animal
diseases and a third way you probably
heard of as a climate change yeah so I
can slaughterhouse working there's like
a lot of physical danger you have to do
a lot of heavy lifting and repetitive
work and like 25% of the meatpacking
workers are injured and then they become
really cheer okay and according to wait
before we do this I'm because I'm not
gonna discuss your final point I'm
probably in favor of legislation that
would end like animal agriculture thank
ya okay so do you want me to explain how
it hurts people or do I already agree
that it does I think the climate change
arguments alone are like good enough two
and four okay dude okay cool and then um
so when to get people like the vote for
stuff you have to like spread the idea
first and I think a really good way to
do that was free dude to go vegan talk
that it's not worth it for me I don't
care that much running way we users
agree did earlier the people to geralyn
do what they can so people don't get
hurt
yeah but like I don't know if like I
think that like I platformer enough
vegan arguments that like if you want to
go vegan you've seen the arguments and
ideas for I think I've actually made a
lot of people my audience go vegan but I
personally like food and all that is
like a really big part of my life and it
would like I'll vote for policies for
I'll advocate for people to vote for
ologies for it but like it's a big
sacrifice for me person to give up me a
house is a big sacrifice was like
because eating and food and meals and
entertainment allows like a really big
part of my life and I would like be
suffering like quite a bit till I give
up meat how by not being able to eat
like good ass [ __ ] food when we we
you agreed earlier than people generally
should do what they can so like so that
people don't suffer you know sure but I
don't think that like I don't like me
you agree to like not joking about like
trans people or black people or women
like yeah but like I don't like to not
do that because because somebody can
make the same argument to you to me like
oh I love joking about black people
trans people you know it makes me money
I have to make a huge sacrifice okay
hold on
[ __ ] this piece of [ __ ] okay wait so I
said that again right so earlier you
agree to people who generally do
generally do what they can so that other
people don't don't get hurt and I asked
you about joking about like minority
groups as an example because you don't
want them to get hurt somebody can make
the same argument the users pay with
eating food because oh I love joking
about trans people if I feel women you
know free speech you know I it would it
would hurt my income to do so it's a
huge sacrifice because I think that like
by doing that I think that I can cause
like a measurable harm like right there
that I like directly care about like
that that would be like a bad thing
right there like I directly be engaging
in either the direct harm of those
people or leading like pretty directly
to it whereas from the animal
agriculture like my and yeah you were
directly causing in my in my overall
impact of defunding of that industry and
you have a large following you have
hundreds of thousands of followers you
influence a lot of people yeah and I do
with arguments like my overall impact on
like animal agriculture is gonna be like
really really really small if I
personally just become a vegan like
maybe you're coming from you lying about
being big yes but it's not it's not that
small z thing because you know you're a
public figure yo you know hundreds of
thousands of followers you millions of
yeah but whatever you're a pioneer of
like Church but it's not enough to
offset it okay it's not enough to offset
like the like the huge loss that I would
endure personally [ __ ] good a lot of
good ass [ __ ] food that vegans can't
eat and it's like a measurable loss and
I'll be able to have that yeah you can
still have food that tastes good as like
meat no their animal stuff suits for me
[ __ ] suck dick because they're really
bad they're not good well have you tried
beyond me yep and the impossible burger
and everything I sure have an awesome
okay it's not good nowhere near it's
okay like if I just want like it
whatever burger it's okay but
we're near as good as like an actual
like juicy [ __ ] like burger and
sirloin or whatever or it's not cutting
myself at all it's the same thing with
like when we argue about like said
people should generally do what they can
so people don't get hurt
okay hold on okay this is why I was
hesitant answer that question okay so
when I say that people should generally
do what they can to make it so people
can hurt I'm gonna have to amend us here
and okay I don't know you can use
against me like when I say generally
when I mean it's like within like a
reasonable scope so for instance I don't
think that people should donate every
single dollar they have to save starving
children in Africa I don't think it's
reasonable okay or for a statement sorry
I was talking I don't think people
should donate every single penny they
have to like starving children in Africa
okay even though that would generally
probably be a good thing I don't think
that's reasonable right because like
okay so like for instance like I also am
in favor of higher tax policy I'm not
gonna donate more of my taxes of federal
government just for memes cuz I don't
think it'll accomplish any on its own
same thing with like going like vegan I
don't think that going vegan on its own
is gonna necessarily like do any do
enough to make up for like the large
offset of personal losses right that's
why I'm not gonna do it like I'll
advocate for taking positions ethically
and I'll say that for like animal
agriculture and [ __ ] and environmental
stuff we should vote against it but
personally going vegan represents enough
of a measurably bad change in my life
that I'm not willing to do it just
because I might influence people people
to go vegan okay so you address two
issues the first one is practicality I
agree we did the people just can are not
able to like don't donate like every
every cent of their dog like poor
African children that's not a reasonable
impractical take which is why going
vegan it's cheaper it's it's not
expensive was like eating meat so you
you really have nothing to lose and
everything to gain it's better it's
better for the environment it's
healthier for you wait how do you say I
have nothing to lose me I'm gonna gain I
like eating meat it like meals are a big
part of my life and then the second part
you you were just at your favorite of
raising taxes like policies so so people
but you don't agree like people should
donate directly donate their money to
the government right mm-hmm well the
difference is that that Americans
generally overwhelming overwhelmingly
already support raising taxes on the
wealthy
whereas veganism is still a really
fringe movement yeah refers to get the
policy and I feel like you have to
spread the idea first and you can do
that as a public
figure with and I have I think I've done
that like quite a millions we would
millions of you okay come on alright you
have anything else everybody well let me
think
[Music]
so I still don't get where your
disagreement it you you agreed that
people generally do what's practicable
and reasonable so people and I would
argue that me giving up it's not a
practical reasonable thing there is a
law is held their view so first of all
it's not cheaper that's not true firstly
secondly is I have data what I have dad
let me show you okay even if it was
cheaper I don't care
okay I'm wrong no I'm not I already have
my one that I need but it's not enough
yeah but I'm pretty sure the cheaper is
wrong but like even achievers right you
it's I don't want to give away okay
I just offered you to give you down and
you you easily back the way you collide
dude okay
like you already agreed earlier that you
people should do or you added you added
a second condition that is it has to be
reasonable and practicable and I'm and
veganism is cheaper is better for the
environment and south there you have
nothing to lose everything to gain um
okay okay okay I love you buddy okay
it's been fun right are you a company
you're completely not engaging with the
fact that like because you're just like
I don't know if you have like a like
hardcore script prepared for this but
like me not yet I need like me not
eating me me not eating me not eating
meat like you're just like you don't
care about that like and I understand
why you personally don't but like yes
yes but you agreed you through example
that people should can't donate money to
Africa this is not practicable or
reasonable why no no you know it's not
that it's not practically reasonable
it's that it represents like a huge
personal harm to them and I don't think
it accomplishes enough good yes by the
personal are there's no huge personal
harm there is though I really like
eating meat that's a huge personal harm
to meet is not eating me anymore really
yes really what if I like I really like
making fun of trends and black people
and and women Lee you can make the same
argument against that for that okay and
if you were living a good no no no no
but the difference is that in a society
that we have today right like these
things are not things that are these are
like hotly contested issues so like for
instance I might make like the same
argument like five hundred years ago
hold on one second I might make the
argument like five hundred years ago to
be like if somebody sound like Oh
beep our anti-slavery or whatever and if
some guy decides to be anti-slavery it
causes him to be ostracized from his
whole family like everybody hates him he
has no [ __ ] life he could spy from
his jaw blah blah blah blah blah like in
those cases I would make the same
argument right we're like beat if being
anti-slavery carry with it like a
massive personal cost whatever that was
so much more than like just taking a
more moral position I said yeah sure
this person it's just like the country
of the the person really their job not
compared to veganism you don't like lose
your family or like friends over it
there are aspects of society ok I'm not
saying that a company Harry I'm not
saying it's the same thing it's a
comparison right I'm saying that these
two things are very well you decidedly I
really like eating beaver so oh my god
no more vegans dude holy [ __ ] I hate
[ __ ] promo is so [ __ ] cancer yeah
go for it welcome know why again I'm a
cyclist guy why did you stop talking to
me because you're just running to the
same [ __ ] talking points over and
over and over again still to counter any
of them I did counter it the whole thing
the whole no bring it bring it man you
had a man pulling back say okay the
whole your whole argument is basically
that like not eating meat doesn't
represent any harm even whatsoever
because you don't give a personal you
don't give a [ __ ] about eating meat like
that's our whole argument but I disagree
so like it's my argument is that it has
no practical or like reasonable harm to
people your only your only reason was I
like and I demonstrated you that can be
used for like joking against trans
people or black people or women I just
really like talking about minority
people you know well why should I have
to sacrifice exactly and then you went a
whole tangent of all like slavery of
like like people like being ostracized
from their friends and family like what
the [ __ ] that it has nothing to do what
we're talking about
um okay Hulland
just gimme a minute to think about it
one second okay and meanwhile I'll post
the data but meat isn't being keeper if
you still like you know I don't care
it's not something I really give a [ __ ]
about it was just a minor point you
brought up that I thought was super then
no I don't I would have to look at it
but I don't really give a [ __ ] about
that Rena
oh okay because it's not part of my
argument okay okay okay I'm bringing
mine okay where are we at
tell me refresh me oh I I was talking to
you about responsible platforming and
I'm trying to convince you that you can
do something to where people wouldn't
get harmed through the meat industry and
you agreed that people to generally do
what's practicable and reasonable so
that people generally don't get hurt and
you extend extra responsibilities to
public figures because they have a large
influence which you do you have hundreds
and thousands of followers millions of
views yada yada yada
and I'm just saying you have a big
impact to go vegan and it's not the same
as like oh I support raising taxes well
supporting reason taxes already like an
overwhelming like majority support okay
so the the way that I view this is that
if I engage in harmful if I engage in
Harmon behavior towards minorities that
I am causing like a direct contribution
towards the harm of some people that is
like directly measurably like my
responsibility I don't believe that by
engaging in consuming animal products
that I'm engaging in some level of harm
that if I were to not do it it would
compensate me for the amount of personal
sacrifice I'm making to engage in that
behavior so for example when it comes to
the harming of like a minority person I
can say something that can't directly
lead to harm being caused to those types
of people right like if I do it I make
somebody feel bad or I measure ibly
decrease somebody's [ __ ] life in a
way that I think is really bad and
that's something that I don't enjoy
doing all right no no indirectly not
directly you don't directly like in
their personal life and why I didn't in
any life if I call somebody like a
training as an insult I'm directly
having like a measurably negative
oh okay so just just having an impact at
all not like directly killing them or
her wait what yeah you're just saying
that you just make an impact that's all
you're not make an argument that you're
directly like causing them harm because
that's not true all right okay I guess
it depends on how you define harm but I
mean I argue that like calling somebody
slurs or whatever is like a human you're
not directly causing this isn't about
killing themselves killing themselves
isn't the only like kind of whatever
harm okay so generally yeah okay not
generally held on I'm saying to any
random words okay so I wouldn't call
somebody a [ __ ]
because it's for me to not call somebody
a trainee doesn't represent like a big
loss in my personal like life like I can
use other insults or I could not say
those words and by stopping that I am
like directly measurably helping
somebody's life like I'm doing something
that's not making them horrible we're
making them feel bad or whatever right
so that this is okay so far yes okay so
do you have any data to back that up
that you're directly like Carly so I
need to get you data I'm not that
calling somebody a slur wait wait wait I
need to get data that calling somebody
slur like because it is a kind of harm
is that what you're asking me oh well I
generally agree with you but like if
we're going like I've gotta to pack my
stuff up and I was wondering if you do
you we're on a philosophical part right
now we're not on the data far I haven't
disagreed data-driven claims so far have
I
okay so philosophical how are you when
okay well I mean I don't think I've
disagreed with any of your data claims
have I know
okay so then focusing on me on on the
Phyllis I will part right so if I would
have changed the way that I engage with
animal agriculture I don't believe that
I'm making any significant like good
contribution to the world like I don't
think that I'm gonna like by me not
doing it there's some meat worker that's
gonna like not have to work his job or
something or that like I'm like making a
measurable impact on the environment
not like in not like in relation to how
much I'm sacrificing in order to do it
which is giving up my
some enjoyment of consuming animal
agriculture products does that make
sense okay so let me get this straight
let me see let me summarize your your
argument see if I'm not misrepresenting
it so you believe there's a difference
between joking about minority groups and
not eating animal products or meat
products because you feel like you have
a have an effect of like doing harm to
people just by calling them a slur word
and you and you argue that you know you
can just use other words but like with
meat products you can eat other food No
so animal substitution products right
now are not at a level where they are a
anywhere near a good enough substitution
for actual animal products on
nutritional value not on nutritional
value that's not why we eat food is just
for nutritional value but unlike
enjoyment value okay well then what if
someone or say not joking about minority
groups does not give you like the same
like like comedy value as like being PC
and Jordan Peterson will argue this like
I make 60 60 K a month you're causing a
dimensional demonstrable harm to my
income by not talking about the
postmodern neo-marxist and I'm talking
about how women just need to stay in the
kitchen because they're happier yeah
some people make that argument yeah you
think that's a valid argument for joking
against trans people people in minority
groups I mean yeah it can't be I think
but really you're really gonna make that
argument now no no I'm saying I think
people can use it as an argument but
then I guess I would counter with that
argument with the the harm again that
you're doing individually to society is
like such that like yes and the harm
that the meat industry does to the side
is pretty bad yeah but like one person
not eating some makes argument for
transpeople unlikely no one is never man
are you just tell me my Hagen is holy
[ __ ] I can't even finish my pony what
the [ __ ] I understand you're real
passionate about [ __ ] eating plants
okay but like hey alright
yeah okay but like every time I start
talking to you like [ __ ] run off into
something red okay okay are you okay um
okay you
yeah I'm fine okay so as a comedian
right yes
oh no on a on an individual level right
you have full control over your comedy
show and you control whether or not you
engage in acts that are harmful towards
certain groups right yes and if you stop
that act like wholesale if you stop that
act then then then that harm stops
period all that hum coming from you
stops period and that's like arguably
like a measurable harm right sure that
you're causing people by engaging those
out right yes okay you stop consuming
animal products the over that you have
arguably little to no impact
holistically are on the animal
agriculture industry almost no we're
talking about one person but you're not
just a just a random private individual
you're a public figure and you already
agreed that we extend like extra
responsibility to public figure sure so
I would argue that my responsibility
I didn't get kicked again right no um so
I argue that like the my point of
responsibility is that I advocate for
like vegan policies in terms of like
elected officials like enacting a
policies the same way that I would argue
for like higher tax codes like and I
think people should pay like more in
taxes but like my responsibility ends
there I don't think that I personally
need to make a great sacrifice even as a
public figure to have arguably no
measurable impact on the environment or
animal agriculture well there's two is I
can respond to that the first way I
respond is that as you've already heard
it it's biggest raising tax policies
already has overwhelming majority
support in Americans wait how does that
change what is that get voted be because
there's difference whereas veganism is a
fringe movement and first to get to
enact policy you have to spread the idea
first which you can do as a public
figure with hundred thousand followers
million views that's the first response
that the second response that is a well
then then I but I I think I do enough to
advocate for vegan related stuff by a
hosting anything so oh yes I was so the
second response was uh-uh you're a
public figure you have the ability to
influence a lot of people
you keep straw mining me saying oh well
one person going vegan it's not going to
affect anything well yeah no [ __ ] but no
in terms of being influential fire a lot
of people sure but in terms of being
influential I feel like I've already
done that like I've hosted like a bunch
of vegan arguments like my ethical vegan
arguments I think would move most people
towards being meat eating if they were
being honest with themselves like ok ok
let's see if you're consistent this if
you were trying to convince somebody to
not joke about a trans person black
person or of our trans woman like ok I
already advocate for people to not joke
about trans people black people women
why do I have to do it again I don't
think it's a fair comparison to look at
like me individually engaging in like a
harm that I can stop like wholesale on
my own coming from me versus can't stop
wholesale on your own your there's a
zero impact on the industry as a whole
when you're when you're talking about
like comedians you only have influence
over your audience okay you don't have
influence
over every single like trans person or a
black person or or women I get harmed
only through your audience and you can
do the same thing well with the meat
industry you above you have an impact to
your audience it's not gonna like stop
the whole industry just like it's like
not joking about minorities no I know
but it stops me personally from causing
that harm from happening which i think
is a bad thing to do I don't want to
personally be in charge of like causing
that harm and if I stop doing something
that I consider harmful like that then
I'm no longer causing harm I think
that's I think that's better did not
cause that yes
but me not eating any isn't changing
anything overall we'd like that with
with like like the level of harm that
I'm causing and in that entire systemic
industry is like almost nothing like my
yes yes you are you you're not you're
not funding the industry and then you
can convince other people it's not fund
industry it'll spread the idea and I'm
already conventional people to not funny
in this way though and I say it via like
legislation it's the only effective way
to like get something like that done
otherwise it's not appear but this is
the same logic as saying like oh I
already convinced trans people and
women's except it's not because like
making fun of trans people is a
different type of thing than just
consuming me but these are like
different actions and they have like
different impacts and I would say they
are for the meat industry it's this
argument is a bit stronger because
you're you have you have a direct impact
is you were directly funding that
industry whereas like joking like it's a
bit more like indirect by all the meme
argument is like oh well I didn't tell
that transfer person to kill themselves
there's just you know that you keep
saying kill yourself like that's the
only type of harm you in Carla Corso he
doesn't kill you so hard okay I didn't
tell that minority group to like get get
harmed I was just joking about them no
no I'm saying like just luring somebody
was based on them being a minority
figure in and of itself as a harm like
that's intrinsically harmful that's not
what I was saying I'm just saying would
you be news for yup you have a lot more
direct impact since you're funding that
industry you're not you're like funding
like yeah but my individual funding is
meaningless you're you you're searching
from like the public support are given
out to like my individual behavior my
individual funding of that tax
okay you're like switching back and
forth would you like public public
support and like personal engagement I
think that in terms of public support
for vegan stuff I think I support it
publicly okay okay
personally though I think I'm not or I'm
not vegan because I don't think
personally that would make much of a
difference well that's just not true
yeah okay you won the argument I'm
actually now I'm full-on mediator I
don't even advocate for public anymore
nevermind [ __ ] all public vegan [ __ ] I
think you should just vote for animal
agriculture we don't have a
responsibility future generations you're
gonna be dead anyway it doesn't matter
okay cry come on you got me did I change
I changed completely
I no longer I'm gonna make ethical
arguments for veganism I don't think
you've responsibilities to future
generations if anything I would say that
actually the antenatal Asarco should
about have children I don't think we
should have children at all I think that
having children is a demonstrable harm
to those children but minority oh there
you go you got a dude so you can go for
like a it'd be proud I love you buddy
okay
yes by definition you are eruption
that's where
