what's that buddy all right
the other day Jochen stefan molyneux
spoke on stream and he went to the
difference between logical and true
section now and you had a criticism of
his use of the word sound yeah because
it was easy okay
could you pull up the book real quick
why I remember that way what do you want
me to pull up okay that's fine
so Stefan says all men are mortal
Socrates is a man therefore Socrates is
immortal and he says the structure
remains logically sound he doesn't say
the argument is logically sound so he's
not using it in the philosophical sense
that you know like when a philosopher
says an argument is saundra he says that
the premises are true number one and
number two that the conclusion follows
from the premises but he's not saying
the argument is sound he's saying the
structure is logically stop do you know
anything about music
sure yeah really yeah I play guitar do
you know a decent amount of theory yeah
okay let's say that I have let's say
that I have an 80 measure piece okay um
let's say that for some measure okay
let's say that the whole piece is in the
key of C okay but and but in some
measure let's say that we play like like
an F B flat E flat or whatever or
something like real quick right I quit
two five one or whatever right if
somebody were to say it to me like oh
that measure I'm like that's in the key
of that's in the key of E flat right
that phrasing would be very odd and if I
were to hear somebody say that I would
immediately think like okay I understand
what you're trying to say but that's not
really how you would ever say that you
would never describe a quick two five
one as a key change that's just that's
just not what a key changes at all if
you say something is in a certain key
you're very very oftentimes speaking
about the entire piece itself you would
never ever ever refer to a very quick
even if it was a modular well we know a
modulation way but if it was a quick tip
I when you've never referred
is a key change right this is in a
different key does that make sense right
so when you're writing a book on
philosophy one of the most pedantic
things of all time right very semantics
very pedantic very much using the
correct terms right and you are trying
to introduce beginners to philosophy why
would you ever use a word like sound
that has a very very very well
understood meaning to describe something
that is not sound but that the meaning
you're talking about is when you say the
argument is sound yes like when you're
calling that your argument is sound like
do you understand how confusing it would
be to a new person to say like oh this
argument here it's logically sound but
it's not you and I both know Stephane
isn't an academic philosopher first of
all right okay but philosophy is very
rigorous and its usages of terms okay
yes yeah understand is like I'm being
rigorous right now like the way he said
sound is not in reference to the
argument so he's not incorrect even in
like with the definition you and I know
no he's a problem the problem is that
he's not even wrong because he's using a
phrase that doesn't make sense
what is logically sound mean the word he
was looking for was valid that would
that is the word and if you were to go
to bring open a philosophical textbook
they would never define valid as meaning
something that's logically sound
now here's what sound means but not that
sound like that doesn't make any sense
well we can just go off the dictionary
definition of sound I don't care about
the dictionary definition we're talking
about a very well understood
philosophical term yeah if you say the
argument is sound though but why would
you say what is logically something like
if he's what logic is logically sound
he'd be wrong I fully admit but you
didn't say that
hold on let me bring up just so I can
look at the
why would you use the phrase the
structure remains logically sound why
wouldn't you just say the I don't care
about the dictionary definition because
that's not what we're talking about the
point that I was bringing up was that
this guy is like [ __ ] [ __ ] like
why would know like why wouldn't you say
if you'd knew what you were talking
first of all I don't even know what the
difference being logical and true is is
trying to sound like he's trying to talk
about the difference between the
validity and the soundness of an
argument but maybe he's doesn't he's not
aware of that but if sound if of an
argument being sound means a very
particular thing and an argument being
valid it means exactly what he's trying
to say why wouldn't he say this argument
is valid but unseen see that's like
that's my entire no and he uses a bunch
of other words is sown the uses a bunch
of other words that makes me wonder what
if you hit any background in philosophy
then why does he call himself the
leading philosopher who's gonna save
Western civilization don't you think
that's gonna be so [ __ ] enlightened
rogue philosopher but I just don't see
the error he's made like he hasn't said
anything that's just wrong but let's
contextualise this okay the problem is
that he's writing a book that's supposed
to introduce the layman to philosophy
this is why I wasn't ever even gonna
look at this book ever because I looked
at the table of context and he and it
looks like he wants to give like an
intro to philosophy 101 class which is
fine and I okay a section on deductive
reasoning
okay sure yeah this is fine but the
problem is that when you dig into this
you would have to discard everything if
you want it to learn anything about
philosophy you couldn't read this book
you would have to like forget everything
stefan molyneux in the first place okay
but that's like it's very clear that
this is a political book it's not but
but he's just trying to push his agenda
but that's not what he markets that he's
talking about the argument he's talking
about ruthless objectivity
let me read like the for intro the first
thing to understand is that the argument
is everything its civilization its peace
its love its truth and beauty the
argument is life itself like the
argument is a rational map that allows
us to navigate a need in reality it
keeps us sane by reminding us of facts
and reason and evidence
like but it sounds like he wants to give
you a pretty rigorous introduction to
philosophy in some of these like he uses
some words that seem like like if if
we're just going by the definitions of
the words he hasn't said anything wrong
okay I mean if this is how you guys want
to analyze but that but the point is
[ __ ] that the promise that what
you're saying is [ __ ] stupid like
well sound sound and if I would have
described to you right a valid argument
is one whose structure is internally
consistent a sound argument is one whose
premises are correct and then the
conclusion logically follows and then
you were to describe to me an unsound
argument and call it the structure that
is logically sound I would look at you
like why would you use that word that
doesn't call by thousands like it means
in good condition and not damage okay
that's not what structure is not damaged
sound but but sound has a very
particular meaning in philosophy sound
you need something you would never take
something ok but that's the problem
that's the problem that I would the book
is that it presents itself but some type
of intro to philosophy I'm going to
introduce you to my rigorous
understanding of philosophy but then he
doesn't understand very basic this is
one Oh what this isn't even philosophy
101 this is like you go to a wiki page
you to read this in two seconds wait
like my whole point is that he said
nothing factually incorrect okay like it
like an academic could read this and
recognize that he hasn't made any errors
I I don't think so I don't agree but if
you can find somebody like a master he
probably knows somewhat phd's in
philosophy right yeah but most on the
watch game probably hates to fun so you
would argue that they're bias I would
have a very hard time believing that
like a student no philosophy would read
somebody saying that the structure
remains logically sound and they would
go oh he doesn't mean sound in this way
but the way that he said it is okay like
it would because he didn't say the
argument is so but the problem is you're
using in a different context so we have
to assume that he's not using it no why
would you confuse a student that way
like if I would add on to the sentence
the structure remains logically sound
but the argument is not sound that's so
confusing what when we
have words to say this the struck this
argument is valid but unsound that is so
much more clear like oh it's valid
because it's internally consistent its
unsound because the first premise is
false these are words that have very
strict meanings very rigor and well
understood meanings that will be
repeated throughout your entire life of
philosophy people say them over why
would you use logically sound I don't
even know what that phrase moves what is
logically sound are we talking is there
something that's a logically sound why
does he even have logical as a qualifier
it's literally lay fedora tip like what
it's not it he means like when he says
this he's just saying the argument is
valid by the way maybe you know then why
not say valid because it means the same
thing logically sound what is logically
mean what is logic mean here that's a
meaningless word it's a fedora tipper
word the structure remains logically set
what is logic it users that the
conclusion falls from the premises oh
what's the word for that valid hasn't
said anything wrong but okay it's not
even wrong that's the problem is that
it's not really wrong but it's not
saying anything the structure remains
logically sound what that doesn't mean
anything what is logically sound mean
like do your honor there's nothing wrong
with the structure of the argument so
it's Carvalho whether the premise is
right or wrong
yeah how it's valid that's the word
you're looking for logically sound
doesn't mean anything it's wrong it's
stupid it's meaningless to have it
English it's not wrong though it's not
even wrong it's just dumb if you remove
logically the whole sentence falls apart
the structure remains sound that
wouldn't probably be true and logically
it doesn't work what is logically mean
here that to add as a modifier that that
makes sound okay to use here the logic
isn't broken the premise follows from
the conclusion that word is yes that
word is valid I understand but like what
he said isn't wrong what he said is just
a more convoluted way that's not kind of
a large soak but convoluted in a
philosophy text talking about elementary
fundamental terms yes
on there's no academic philosophy you
could at least it's not fine if you
market yourself is like the leading
[ __ ] philosopher and he wants to try
to English yeah he talks about he wants
to challenge and talk about all sir he
wants to engage with the philosophy and
[ __ ] all the time doesn't he have like
are you into like Chomsky or some [ __ ]
on his channel and any any tries to talk
about things like determinism and he
wants to like have like he wants to be
part of like the the philosophy
discussion like how can you engage with
academic literature or how can you
engage but if you don't even know the
vernacular of course you can't engage
with these I'm never gonna be able to
have a have a have an articulate
conversation about high level music
concepts with somebody that doesn't
understand the fundamental uses
philosophy on ustream all your time you
said you've never even taken a class
sure but I do my best to read and get
the basics down so that I understand the
vernacular that every time I have a
discussion on philosophy I get people
emailing me different things like hey
when you use this word may that's why I
know the difference between valid and
sound and I always say when I have
discussions philosophy I'm trying to
speak very carefully if I say something
that isn't ruthlessly correct feel free
to correct me on it this is why I have
tons of conversations on syntax when I
talk about philosophy because it's so
important to get it correct otherwise
you're you're spouting meaningless
statements like logically sound that
don't mean anything so I think under
sense so your gripe is that in the fluff
like in the philosophy community sound
has a certain meaning right yes
we've seen argument is sound that as a
certain meaning yes and we all agreed on
it that it's understood what is Li
throughout all of philosophy yes gotcha
and when Stefan says it it's just wrong
or misleading when he says logically
sound that's a statement that means
nothing if I were to go and open a
dictionary I could probably piece
together what that means yeah but but
that's but that's not we've agreed as a
society like no no no that's not how
that works in any academic thing ever
because you don't call an academic but
philosophy is is a study the study of
philosophy the study of a philosophy is
a thing you never ever ever walk into
any kind of liberal arts class you never
walk into any class we're like your
business teacher right
would you ever walk
like a business class with its where
he's talking about some type of
corporate interchange or I don't know
something and you bring out your
dictionary like well the dictionary
definition is actually like well no in
business we understand it to mean this
or in science we understand this to mean
this or in this winners right in
philosophy the words valid and sound are
understood to mean very particular
things it's not this so to have
elementary discussions on fundamental
philosophy things like a deductive
reasoning or whatever and then to not
know your [ __ ] terms makes me wonder
why you're trying to have this
conversation just move on to the
propaganda or whatever agenda you're
trying to push don't pretend to try to
be talking to people in informing them
about baseline philosophical stuff you
don't understand it all right well I
don't know what to say I still don't
think he's wrong like I I'm being as
rigorous as possible but not even
because if somebody were to say that
something is logically sound and we were
speaking philosophy I would probably
assume that they're using the
philosophical definition of sound the
problem you were being thrown out by the
word logically or like the fedora tip is
working so hard that logically doesn't
mean anything like what I ever say would
I ever use any other thing before the
word sound here it remains a logically
sound it remains rationally sound I
guess as a synonym like what's the point
of putting logically before the word
sound here can I get maybe I'm being too
charitable though like when he says it
remains the structure remains logically
sound I just understand okay that he's
saying let's have a inclusion follows
from let's remain logically here okay
well cuz it's a worthless adjective and
I think you've admitted as much because
you can't tell me why it belongs here
let's say that he said that the
structure remains sound do you think
that's still an OK statement sure yeah
okay if he said the argument was sound I
would have hundred for son agree with
you Stefan would be wrong by saying more
okay
all right any other points any other
point do you want to point out okay no
I'm good I'll everybody
yeah
[Music]
