all right hello oh hey what's up buddy
I'm telling much I don't know I'm I'm
feeling really down after all that and
what's going on it like CNN Town Hall I
[Music]
don't know I don't know man like to
think that you know half the people
arguably that share the same ideals as
me communing donations my arms are
rather like what we should do with them
or just that my numbing leotarded
probably on the other end of the
spectrum like people are just so neat
jerk and their reactions and able to get
so far with let's say I don't know just
really impassioned speeches that don't
have a neck spine on you know if that's
true then I'm just losing hope at this
point yeah I mean I know how you feel
again like further record like I'd like
guns and I don't want to like ban guns
I'm usually against like most like
liberal gun reform measures I don't
think banning specific types of firearms
is a good way forward but can you are
you able to turn up your volume at all
I've got you jive to turn up a sentence
no really question do that for you is
this better at all actually wait I'm
sorry don't hold on I think this is my
fault once I got okay try talking again
how's this again never mind you're
better that was my bed okay guys I don't
know man like I mean when we talk about
reforms I think you and I are like
pretty much on like the same page I
guess if we're just being pragmatic
about it all I don't really think any of
the things that even we want can get
passed until like we can have a really
nuanced discussion on like on this issue
like in America I'm in Canada so like a
lot of this doesn't necessarily apply to
me but I feel as if like the firearms
issue that currently you're having is
like a microcosm of just overall
American politics and like the
partisanship that exists there like on
so many issues both parties are willing
to feed each other like ideas and I like
policies that are completely
indigestible to the other one and so I
before you change that I don't know how
you change anything like the only policy
that I could see like maybe getting
through probably not is like let's say
some sort of mandatory education like
revolving around let's say firearm
safety I'm sure you might not want to
own a gun but at one point or another
with as many as you have in America it's
probably just good to know how to disarm
into properly store them just wait for
cops to show up I'm not too sure man
yeah I don't know how I feel about that
like requiring somebody to get educated
on something I like to talk about like
maybe a class in a public school or
something but yes so it'd be I'd
probably be something similar to what we
have like sex ed or maybe even like
driver's ed that's something that we
mandate I'm pretty sure we don't though
at least in America Canada the way I had
organized is it okay you know maybe some
government worker or like somebody from
a charity or something like that walks
into a classroom and for like let's say
a week goes okay you know what here your
rights here's the law according to your
state your news tality these are things
that you may not want to touch you may
never want to be around but at one point
or another in your life you're gonna
have to be around them so it's good to
know about what the function of these
things are what the capable have been
ultimately how to properly store them
put them white and just call cops after
that I can only see this as being like a
net benefit for everybody if you don't
own them now you know how to be safe
around them and if you do own them well
we can avoid like the 5% like the 1,500
people per year that end up dead because
they don't know how to properly store
put their [ __ ] away right sure yeah
maybe yeah yeah I don't know like I
guess like the one thing I'm kind of
iffy about at this point right now is um
I remember like earlier you you in
harked and even today we're having a
conversation about let's say mandating
some sort of like background check
associated with your mental health
records and stuff like that like I don't
know is there really a precedent here
for you know governments to well I mean
if you've been if you've been convicted
not convicted committed to like a mental
health institution depending what you've
been committed for I don't think you're
allowed to purchase a firearm that's the
only type of sort of equivalent thing I
can think of right I guess so I don't
know I'm just I'm only really worried
about like whatever legislation could
draw like abuses and so i if there's not
much room for that there then I'm fine
with it
um I don't how do you feel about
licensing like getting a license to own
a gun or licensing individual guns are
so licensing to like not a lot of people
talk about licensing don't a firearm
right and so like I guess I see the flaw
in that recently another person is
discord that I that I've talked to about
firearms brought up like an interesting
talking point that firearms don't exist
in the same capacity let's say you know
a car or other things that require
licensing to you right these are like
devices that are 100% like within
the public's fear that like you can't
separate from other individuals for your
life and life of others it
I'm like intertwined where's like
Firearms exists in this like very
personal space so I mean a lot of people
been forwarding this and I'm not really
for it I'm for let's say licensing
concealed carry but how do you feel
about that I don't know what the pros
and cons are of it what is the reason to
license a firearm isn't that just the
process of like doing the background
check and everything don't we pay for
the license to kind of pay for the
background check and all that or no I
don't think so I mean like not in Canada
at least it's just we want like in Canon
I think we just wanted to be hard of
people to like get a gun in America I
don't think it would be paying for let's
say the background check that would
apply to the individual I don't I just I
just wanted to ask you where you stood
on it like do you have any other again
I've seen you talk about this before but
mmm do you have any other suggestions
like any other ideals right I mean it's
really hard what I would like to see is
supposedly the CDC was our biggest
source of information related to gun
related crimes and they're not they
haven't been really allowed to dig into
the issue for the past 20 years
so maybe letting them dig into it more
can give us more suggestions the United
States is a really unique culture
surrounding guns so I mean but I would
just I would like to see something tried
like trying and failing and trying and
failing is preferable to what we're
doing now which is essentially nothing
yeah I don't know I guess the NRA is
like a big reason for like a lot of that
not moving forward anymore
I don't know politics in general about
people and yeah yeah it's it's just a
big [ __ ] show for me like on one on one
side of the spectrum you know as an avid
like gun owner and somebody who wants to
see like these rights extended to like
where I live I can see the benefits and
it like okay you know they've defended a
lot of things that I would say are
noteworthy but at the same time it's an
organization that I think is contributed
to like the racializing of the issue
right they're not so much interested in
protecting the rights of firearms owners
as they are protecting the rights of
like you know a certain manufacturers
are specifically like white firearms
owners right let me was Anton Anton
Chigurh er he was like a concealed carry
permit holder and I think he was shot in
cold blood because he made that
information like known to a cop but the
I remember watching that
from two different points of view yeah
it's pretty [ __ ] it's really fat yeah
so I don't know what to do because I
feel as if if these lobbying groups work
I don't think the guys name was was I
don't think the guys name was Anton
Chigurh was it isn't that the guy from
Feldman
oh yeah I remember that guy's name but I
know what you're talking about with his
girlfriend and I don't know if it was
his kid or the girlfriend's kid in the
backseat yeah were the cops shot him
after he said he had a firearm yeah I
don't know but yeah I know I know that
star you're talking about yeah yeah I
guess I don't know what like I don't
know what the state of let's say
American gun laws of steel I think sorry
for Lando Castillo I don't mean to
disrespect I like to shoot at wrong
names I don't know I know that um like
as far as you think or like assert
rather that like most people in America
in firearms a kind of recreational
purposes I don't know if I 100% agree
with that yeah so I'm a little snarky
when I say that when I what I mean by
that is that I think that most firearms
are owned for recreational purposes but
I include and that a lot of people say
they buy it for self-defense I think
that's a little dreamy when people say
that they owned their firearm
self-defense I don't know if that's a
legitimate reason that's backed up by
data like I've never seen data that
points to having firearms making you
safer under any like that's just not
borne out on any data that I'm familiar
with
oh sure no I've heard plenty of
arguments for people who are let's say
like more in favor of gun control or
like are against the idea of let's say
self-defense lark you oh be more
compliant with let's say a burglar or
somebody who's trying to mug you is
going to be safer for you I don't really
care if that makes sense
I'm Orange didn't like one's ability to
self-determine right so like in the same
fashion that you're pretty on board with
the defensive let's say private property
and like say castle law I'm not really
interested in something being safer I'm
more interested in like the ability of
an American citizen or any citizen for
that matter to defend themselves against
an individual or let's say a government
okay
I kind of agree that but it's just like
it's like you have to be careful because
this can turn into like a cyclical arms
race thing so for instance let's say
that somehow in the United States a
batch of bullets got in that were like
baby seeking murderer bullets right or
like like brain seeking bullets where if
you pointed a gun in the air and fired a
gun that like the brain bowler would
seek out
the nearest person to kill them right
that if something like this would happen
it seems like we could go one of two
ways where to say like this is really
[ __ ] that we need to make this stop or
we need to say that everybody should
have the brain seeking bullets because
we want people to be able to protect
themselves you know like I like the idea
of everybody being able to protect
themselves but like in most European
countries people don't feel like they
need to buy a gun to do it because all
of the all of the people that come to
kill you or whatever all the people that
come to commit crimes and you're usually
armed with guns like they're in the
United States
I guess so sure but at the same time I'm
not really like I don't think even even
the NRA is arguing that like we need
like all of these crazy things to defend
ourselves think there's there's pretty
clear-cut limits on what people are
interested in having for the purposes of
that right so you know bumps talks I
think like from the moment that Las
Vegas happened the NRA and all these
other organizations and Republicans
Democrats like we're like you know we
don't really need this it's not a crazy
thing or automatics right like there
there are people who still aren't that
crazy about what's the owning of an
automatic firearm that is sure that's
fine whatever we really don't need it
like this is what we actually need and
this is what we're we understand to be
practical I don't know if like any new
tech would drive people to like I don't
think there could be like much of an
argument made by firearms owners if
there was some crazy new advancement it
was super deadly they I don't think
they'd be jumping on that right because
yeah I feel like they're examples of
this like already right we don't always
ask for let's say stuff that's designed
to be milspec so like recently there is
the modular handgun project that the
united states had between Glock and Sig
right and people aren't asking for the
exact like military version that's like
we don't need that that's fine just give
us the civilian variant that's all we
really need like I don't think people
are jumping up and down yeah yeah maybe
yeah I guess I don't know is I'm not as
familiar with that I was under the
impression the civilian [ __ ] is usually
way colder than milspec yet oh well yeah
milspec I guess to be to be my even
local policeman
like way cooler [ __ ] than like because
military [ __ ] is pretty today so use
Baretta's and it's like m4 is right well
that was what the modular handgun
project was for is because they needed
to replace it like Lisa Rinna Baretta's
now like think three 20s
I don't know man like yeah milspec
overall is a term is just like a
catch-all reference for
like oh this thing needs to be this long
or this water-resistant right but at the
same time it applies to certain
modifications like oh you know this
needs to be fully automatic and needs to
be that you know the civilians aren't
always asking for that I don't know
where do you stand on the whole materon
I guess I'm just not interested in it
much it just doesn't seem like a very
likely scenario I guess it could be but
um I'm not sure yeah I don't know it
just seems so unlikely it's just you
know I don't know it's not as
interesting of a consideration and if I
and if you can show a huge demonstrable
harm by having firearms I don't know if
like a super apocalyptic hypothetical is
a good counter arm or a counter-argument
to a very real you know threat that
exists right now sure I mean I wouldn't
like okay how do i phrase this properly
so it's kind of nerve-wracking to be on
like show it's many people watching um I
suppose it's like the way I see it is
that it's yeah they're these very real
problems that we have to like deal with
and legislate around now but at the same
time I see this is kind of being an
inevitability right like even now we can
have an argument about the state of
let's say American democracy the
American Republic and other democracies
let's say in Western Europe that have
taken way to political dissidents right
and that you know these things these
institutions that we've hailed as being
infallible right oh I don't think we say
we're infallible we just accept some
level of corruption or some level of
[ __ ] Asst and we don't need there to
be firearms all over the country in
order to counter some perceived level of
injustice or whatever that we
acknowledge that sometimes they can
exist but we do our best to counter that
but a reasonable alternative is an arm
every single citizen and have a [ __ ] ton
of gun violence to counter it well but
but I don't think anyone's making that
argument like I'm certainly not making
that argument right people with like any
kind of like mental disability should
probably be barred from owning firearms
with a criminal record depending on that
record and how long it's been since then
probably shouldn't be able to own them
at the same time I'm I don't know I'm
just if things can be as let's say if
we're willing to accept that things can
get to where they are now I don't see
why it's such a crazy leap and logic to
understand that with any kind of extra
socio-economic pressures that political
distance can do way more damage than
what they're doing now
No maybe I don't know I don't know I'm
just trying to think of left off talking
points cuz if you're not interested in
that there's no point in in really
talking about it to be honest Sheriff
yeah it's just yeah I don't know so oh
man I don't know like do you have any
other suggestions any other things that
like you might find kind of off-putting
or I don't know I mean I like I said I'm
pretty pro-gun so I'm like I'm not like
a big like ban all the guns everything
so we probably don't disagree on too
much right I don't know
so goodness me I don't ask me a question
if something man I can't think of
anything I don't I feel like I'll have
wasted your time if I came here for so
little I don't know I can't think of
anything I don't know okay I mean we
could talk about like let's say the
presence of armed security about like
the immediate response should be to
let's say making school safer right I
can't say that I'm really on board with
the idea of arming teachers anything
like that but I don't think it'd be
unreasonable to um well like that there
seems like there would be like a million
different things that would come along
with that like there's so many potential
problems with arming teachers that I
find that very difficult to approach
yeah I know that's what I bet that's not
what I am advocating for I do think that
in spite of the fact that like the
people that you were arguing with
earlier were just a little far from
reasonable right that there's that
there's a little bit of validity to the
argument you know soft targets in
America are probably not worth it just
pragmatically speaking right I remember
earlier you said that oh you know all of
Europe is a soft target because they
don't have the same number of guns in
circulation that we do but yeah that's
the problem so they don't have the same
number of guns so that's why I would
suggest ways to get rid of the guns if
there's a way to do it at least illegal
firearms on the street also soft target
is relative to like imagine we start
arming everybody everything well then
it's gonna be like well who only has
handguns Oh
I mean sure but again like we're just
talking about like let's say armed
security measures so like it would be
arguably a police department or it'd be
like a security
or something like that um I I don't know
god I had something to say um we've been
talking about armed teachers soft spots
you said all of your like all of your
pizza sauce my god yeah sure so like
again like at this point pragmatically
we just have to assert that it's
impolite to let's say a shoot Jesus
Christ man I don't know I've lost my
thought it's hard to rely solely on the
police or yeah yeah I mean killings have
been very [ __ ] fast less than five
minutes you can kill 20 people with
assure the whole like you know lives can
be lost in seconds one like the cops are
minutes away or whatever like at this
point I don't really know if it's if
it's worth it to keep soft targets or
rather like gun-free zones around it's
like hell even army base has been
targeted in the past like for this
reason I remember that you've oh now I
was gonna ask you about like buybacks I
don't really think that buybacks right
or like or any kind of like these
responses are worth it like there have
