what was okay wait it's hard to keep up
with conspiracy theories because
conservatives are so [ __ ] crazy
where did they think the DNC hat came
from they thought it was like an insider
that just leaked everything right yeah
because they were because they realized
how evil the Democrats were everything
got getting a DNA test you always hear
40% Cuban to be interested closer
actually are um you're so quiet I can't
tell my headphones Kim am i actually
quiet or is this like a meme every day
that we're just gonna [ __ ] post and chat
they thought it was seth rich okay
how much hannah bet there's nothing on
the now they've got a post about this
they've gotta be there's got to be a
post there's not nothing just like
[ __ ] Fox News actually I bet even Fox
News as opposed about this today
imagine thinking the entire FBI is
compromised how powerful know if Nunez
oh my god no no no no don't even do this
there's no way this is Nunez I've heard
people talking about this between in or
around June 2016 October 2016 the
conspirators used grease for two bueno
to release documents through wordpress
so they had stolen from the DCCC and the
DNC the conspirators posing as boos 42.0
also shared stolen documents with
certain individuals on or about August
15 2016 the conspirators posing as GU
super 2.0 received a request for stolen
documents from a candidate for the US
Congress when didn't when did Nunez run
no [ __ ] way dude was he was he
running again in you guys have at least
confirmed this right was he running
again in 2016 he ran in 2016 no way dude
oh could you imagine watching Nunez his
eyes pop out of his [ __ ] head when
they [ __ ] hang him on TV nothing
would make me happier oh my god I would
[ __ ] jerk off so I would save that I
would never need to browse porn again if
I had a live video feed of Nunez being
killed for crimes against his [ __ ]
country oh my god would be the most
arousing [ __ ] thing I could ever
imagine seeing my entire life holy [ __ ]
I'm squeezing my hog to this that
worthless subhuman [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
deserves to die for [ __ ] treason holy
[ __ ]
Congress rehab severy two years don't
yeah but don't um don't Congress I serve
six year terms a my um or is that
senators wait hold on I need to look at
I should know this Oh a senators are
every - every single congressman runs
again every two years holy [ __ ] that's
some crazy [ __ ] that's only the Senate
oh okay I don't understand what this is
can you explain I'd love to so a long
time ago I believe it was the house
Intel committee right Nunez was the head
of the Nunez house Intel committee the
house in Nunez was the ranking chair the
high court leader of the house
intelligence community okay part of what
they were tasked with was investigating
stuff related to this whole Russian
scandal [ __ ] I don't really give a [ __ ]
about what they investigate whatever I'm
more concerned with the FBI molar okay
however what Nunez did was Nunez put
together a memo remember the memo
remember the memo that the Republicans
released that was going to destroy the
molar probe and destroy the whole into
FBI investigation
basically what Nunez claimed was that he
had infallible proof that the probe and
everything was compromised
beyond all [ __ ] [ __ ] that there was
just no way that um that this
investigations that could continue so
what happened was after some [ __ ]
Nunez and against the recommendation of
other people on the house Intel
committee and against the recommendation
of the FBI Nunez released the memo with
the single purpose of undermining the
entire FBI and Moeller investigation
okay
this memo was not vetted by anybody in
intelligence okay
and what this memo basically did was it
took a bunch of really [ __ ] loose
claims it was a four-page [ __ ] memo that
put some really loose [ __ ] together to
try to make it sound like everything the
FBI was doing was [ __ ]
the FBI themselves came out with a
counter statement clarifying and
correcting some of the facts on that
memos record Nunez himself did not
actually look at any of the classified
documents that he was talking about
there was only one person on that
committee that was authorized to look at
those classified documents and that one
person was trey Gowdy and Gowdy himself
afternoon has released the memo tweeted
that he felt like the FBI was doing a
good job and that he didn't think the
memo should take away from anything so
Nunez basically put together a piece of
propaganda released to the American
public with the goal of undermining our
investigatory bodies because he was
protecting daddy Trump he should hang
for [ __ ] treason 100% this guy should
be [ __ ] killed after a military
tribunal 100 million percent this guy is
less than human trash if you care about
your country or nationalism or any of
that [ __ ] which your conservative I'd
say I thought you did but I know you
don't if you're conservative you
actually care about protecting your
party party way above country of course
what this here is claiming or I'm sorry
what the well yeah they're indictments
it's not 100 have proven but what the
molar indictments are claiming is that a
certain individual that was running for
US Congress reached out to guseva 2.0 a
guy that was leaking emails a random guy
that definitely wasn't Russian that was
leaking emails to Assange and WikiLeaks
apparently a US congressman reached out
to Lucifer to obtain some documents now
this is this here now what I'm about to
say is total speculation but what some
people are wondering is of this person
that reached out was Nunez now that's
not 100% it doesn't it could be any
years 400 and 435 I don't know how many
US US congressman are there it doesn't
have to be Nunez but if it was Nunez
holy [ __ ] Ike's
oh [ __ ] dude it's only 29 pages we might
actually just read all of this actually
we will we'll just read all of this so
this is now 29 indictments from the
Moller probe holy [ __ ]
if it stopped here with this me one of
the largest investigations of all time
in so far as like like a foreign entity
trying to influence US politics at least
in a tech sophisticated way do you think
what would even be wedding US history
would even be comparable to this I feel
like this is also unprecedented
Watergate is so weak compared to this
like people keep saying modern-day
Watergate Watergate was so Watergate was
like what it wouldn't want to get like
Nixon paid a couple dudes to break into
the DNC and like steal some files like
that was Watergate it's like so nothing
compared to this it's like so
inconsequential like I mean it was a big
deal obviously that a sitting president
would do that but like compared to
compared to this oh and then taping it
or whatever or like like secret tapes or
whatever like compared to this holy [ __ ]
why do I get one with the cover-up than
the actual crime sure
it's so unprecedented that it's
incomparable what is everything that
Russia has allegedly done
I haven't read these indictments yet but
from the last series of indictments the
last series of indictments should be of
major concern to every American did we
read them all on stream i don't remember
we did it and i tweeted all of them i
read the entire indictment it was not
that much was it even fifty pages I
remember I read the entire indictment
and I tweeted out what I thought were
the highlights although that Twitter
account is no longer available
whoopty [ __ ] do but like the the the
last series of indictments showed that
Russia had a very sophisticated
understanding of the way our political
system worked basically basically it
showed that they understood our
political memes quite a bit and that
they were very capable of infiltrating
and influencing people based on what
they thought so specific examples there
was something called an the internet
research agency was that what they were
called was like a Russian firm that had
like a seven-figure monthly budget right
it was like a seven-figure monthly
budget and the they were so lately they
had multiple Instagram accounts that
were like positioning themselves as
black lives matters people trying to
instigate people on both sides they
reached out to local protesters and
showed to organize like Trump protests
and Trump rallies there was a spot was
this in Texas or New York were they
actually organized both sides of the
same protest they were responsible for
organizing a protest and a counter
protest they have like meme
sophistication like when you look at the
messages and [ __ ] they said it doesn't
read like this is an awkward like
Russian dude trying to like pretend he
can understand us Paulie it was like oh
[ __ ] this is some organic [ __ ] [ __ ]
they ran I don't know if you ever
remember seeing tweets from this account
but I remember saying it the at ten
underscore GOP account the Tennessee GOP
account they ran that that was a Russian
account on Twitter they ran it 100%
I remember seen that account getting
retweeted so many [ __ ] times holy
[ __ ] like their where do you do find
source event this is what I'm talking
about right now everything that I just
said is in the molar indictment if it's
the indictment none of this is here
your conspiracy whatever it's in the
molar indictment but this account was
ran by Russians they had like hundreds
of thousands of followers across the
social media accounts like the the level
of sophistication of this [ __ ] was it
was insane oh my god it was so
impressive
oh they interviewed a woman who got
duped by the Russian dudes what part of
it the missus that cover up what
Republicans don't [ __ ] believe it
they're so [ __ ] stupid I don't care
if they were involved not that's that to
me is the least important they were
involved I don't know this lady's
particular politics but it blows my mind
growing up my parents were so into that
Red Scare should communism Red China the
USSR North Korea are constantly trying
to take over the world constantly trying
to destroy America like I like as a
naive young kid I might say something
like mom like why don't we get rid of
our news a moment if we got rid of our
nukes immediately Russia Red China would
come back in nuke us and take over the
world right they don't care at all about
Russia anymore what happened
I think it's so surreal it's like
unbelievable to me I can't believe it
like it actually blows my [ __ ] mind
that Mike
now Republicans don't care about Russia
at all Bob would you did you guys know
that Lauren involved you know just make
sure that you report it correctly that
you know well you guys were involved
with being patriotic right
very very patriotic but not patriotic
was the group that contacted and helped
to organize some of these activities
that you posted on your own Facebook
account those were legitimate those were
Russians but not Russians I don't go
with the Russians that group was
Russians I have nothing to do with the
Russians well apparently you did
maybe you didn't know it oh yes when
you're talking like this I don't want to
have anything to do with you
well I'm talking what's out well with me
were all Trump supporters very very much
so and all apparently following the
direction of groups there's like some
1984 [ __ ] it's like so unnerving to
watch how brainwashed this person is and
they can't even fathom for one [ __ ]
microsecond that maybe they were duped
by somebody when all the evidence points
to the other wise that were associated
with Russians who were actually
infiltrating yeah please please report
that I don't believe that that's
[ __ ] I know all the people that were
with me okay they were at my meetings
they're all Trump supporters okay mm-hmm
but did you realize that you guys were
in communication electronically with
with Russia you were posting stuff on
the Facebook Hillary Clinton was and so
was all her bandits
some other stuff that you you were in
charge of the Facebook right you were
posting and reposting almost
word-for-word the information that was
coming out of this internet research
agency in st. Petersburg you don't
believe that
huh there you go how could you even but
like how could you even oh my god it's
just like unbelievable to me yeah but
anyway if you ever saw it I'm sorry just
going back to this if you ever saw any
tweets from this at ten underscore GOP
account that Trump retweeted himself
sometimes this account was was ran by
that internet research agency with Lisp
literally Russians that these are the
other mole these are the first set of
molar in diamonds and then the fact that
you've got people like [ __ ] metaphor
and and Flynn people so close to Trump
oh my god it's like unimaginable
metaphor ran his campaign for like
[ __ ] six months wasn't it five or six
months he was the campaign head of
trumps of Trump [ __ ] oh my god
it's like unbelievable even if
everything ended like right now this is
what happens when you let old people on
social media yeah even if you ended
everything right now there has been so
much [ __ ] uncovered that should make you
so uncomfortable
holy [ __ ] why did he think he could get
away with it this time this is not new
for the Russians they've done this for a
long time across Europe but he was much
more engaging this time in our election
why now mr. Watson
I think this answer is very simple and
is what no one is really saying in this
room which is part of the reason active
measures have worked in this US election
is because the commander in chief has
used Russian active measures at time
against his opponents on 14 August 2016
is campaign chairman after a debunked
interview say his who's who's Paul
Manafort cited the fake Incirlik story
as a terrorist attack on CNN and he used
it as a talking point on 11 October
president Trump's stood on a stage
incited a what appears to be a fake news
story from Sputnik news that disappeared
from the internet he denies the Intel
from the United States about Russia
imagine being in charge of the most
powerful [ __ ] intelligence community
that has ever existed in literally the
history of all mankind right Trump has
more power at his fingertips than any
individual human in living history I'm
sorry in all of history and then getting
your news from [ __ ] Russia today and
[ __ ] Fox and Friends
imagine that right now Trump has the
ability to request to request
documentation or request reports or
compilations from the world's most
capable intelligence agencies of all
time that have the most power they've
ever had the most reach they've ever had
the most capability have ever had and
then gets his news from Fox & Friends
and Russia today he claimed that the
election could be rigged that was the
number one theme pushed by RT Sputnik
news white outlets all the way up until
the election he's made claims of voter
fraud that President Obama is not a
citizen that you know congressman Cruz
is not a citizen so part of the reason
active measures works and it does today
in terms of Trump Tower being wiretapped
is because they parrot the same lines so
Putin is correct he he can say that he's
not influencing anything because he's
just putting out his stance but until we
get a firm basis on fact and fiction in
our own in our own country get some
agreement about the facts whether it be
do I support the intelligence community
or a story I read on my Twitter feed
we're gonna have a big problem I can
tell these one-liners are should be
deeply disturbing and I know this guy
knows it but like I support the
intelligence community or a story I read
on my Twitter feed we're gonna have a
big problem I can tell you right now
today gray outlets that are Soviet what
is Russian accounts tweet at President
Trump during high volumes when they know
he's online and they push conspiracy
theories so if he used to click on one
of the
or cite one of those it just proves
Putin correct the Russia today RT I'm
sure you've seen store people link story
sometimes but it's like Russia's like
news media
yeah it's about interest in destiny
doesn't understand politics if he keeps
screaming facts if it means anything
trump cited those stories because it
benefited him not because he necessarily
believed it
[ __ ] you a year off to the gulags as
well I hope I hope there's a civil war
do I want to see [ __ ] Trump
supporters getting [ __ ] [ __ ] shot
in this country because you guys are
[ __ ] crazy like it is so hilarious to
me that you guys will on one hand talk
about how evil all the Democrats are
because of some random [ __ ] [ __ ] that
you'll make up some [ __ ] about
Hillary's selling a fifth of our [ __ ]
uranium all this dumb [ __ ] and then when
Trump is literally spreading Russian
propaganda on American sources as the
president of the United States like well
he's just doing things that are
politically expedient it's actually a
really intelligent thing to do [ __ ] you
dude [ __ ] knife here so unbelievable
like if any Democrat was doing anything
that was even remotely similar to this
you would be having a [ __ ] aneurysm
on [ __ ] 4chan on poultry like the
Democrats tried to cut you blah blah
remember this [ __ ] please look up
yesterday's confirmation of Brian a bang
Kowski his complete lack of experience
Plus working for alpha bank after Trump
campaign is pretty crazy
yeah maybe I don't probably not but
remember how much Republicans freaked
out over this by the way Russia today
remember do you guys remember
Republicans freaking out about this I
remember
[Music]
when Obama here said that after the
election he's got more flexibility
there's 15 different ways to interpret
this statement right like he can or
cannot talk about certain things because
you know obviously prior to the election
they're issues who got to focus on nope
Republicans ran with this as like Obama
is literally a state [ __ ] traitor and
his and is trying to and is trying to
like destroy the [ __ ] Union just
trying to destroy the United States like
holy [ __ ] like Republicans got so
[ __ ] ass pained about this a million
views on this video this was some crazy
[ __ ] but um but like when Trump
literally brings in a guy that has been
working overseas to help Russian
interest people win elections in the
Yugoslavia and [ __ ] and has all these
connections to Russian people and is
currently getting indicted for it there
is like a million different mental
gymnastics that Republicans will go
through to try and justify why it's not
a big deal I I can't even do it I
actually can't even I'm ready for the
[ __ ] Civil War I can't I actually
can't deal with Republicans it's insane
to me you guys are [ __ ] crazy you're
