well hey but somebody hey I'm good
what's up with you nothing much all
right so I want to talk about about
socialism I hear you have some thoughts
about that um a little bit sure what do
you want to start sure so I guess my
understanding I've watched everything is
that you think that the idea of having
an economy with like workers control of
businesses would be impractical like if
you like if we say that like what
socialism could be would be a society
where maybe like some key sectors of the
economy are nationalized but like if you
still have private sector or we try to
make it one that's dominated by workers
cooperatives and is your view as I
understand it that like that would work
or that that would that would lead to
really bad consequences some thought
that um I'm not entirely sure if it
would work or not I don't really have
anything against coops it seems like
there are some coops that are pretty
successful I guess I just don't like the
I don't I don't like the I guess I get
like the general feel from from lefties
that instead of like trying to like
modernize our economy and our workforce
the goal is to make it so that everybody
can have like a job like at a
manufacturing plant where McDonald's and
make like $30 an hour and it just seems
like really backwards thinking I guess I
don't know if that's necessarily related
to like a socialism vs. capitalism thing
but well it could be related so what I
mean like one way that the two the two
topics could be related is that if you I
mean might actually run the other way
around right so like an argument
socialist views sometimes is that under
capitalism if you have new technologies
so some of those jobs you're talking
about might be eliminated by that
technology
some people just end up losing their
jobs and the kind of desperate until
they can find a new job
whereas if if workers were controlling
the businesses then once those some of
the labor that had to be done by humans
is automated away that may be the
necessary grunt work that still had to
be done people could just you know vote
themselves fewer hours and they could
you know and nobody would like have to
lose economically because of that well
how do you really think that like if
workers let's say for instance you had a
man you five
you plant and you can make this plant
you know like ten thousand times more
efficient do you really feel like people
would vote away their jobs well the
reason that people wouldn't vote away
their jobs under the system we have
right now is that like if people didn't
have you like if you didn't work then
you don't have a paycheck right so if we
had automation so it could get rid of
most of the work that needed to be done
by humans so let's say that like there
were you know that what used to be done
by you know four people could now be
done by one person well one way that you
could handle that is to just fire you
know lay off the three people and have
one person do as much as they did before
but if if the workers were controlling
the company then they could just say hey
why don't we each just work two hours
instead of the eight hours that we used
to and since we're getting just as much
produced then you know we could all
still earn what we did before so then
instead of those people moving into
working other jobs that could be worked
in the economy they still would make the
same amount of money just working
twenty-five percent of the time I mean
if that was the I mean ideally yeah I
mean if they have a and of course you
know people that might also free them up
to pursue other interests you know if
you only had to you know work a much
shorter amount of time then you know
maybe you'd be able to go back to school
pursue you know previous projects is it
realistic that our economy could thrive
in a global economy when all of our
workers are working like one or two
hours a day because they don't get other
jobs because some of the parts of their
previous jobs had been automated so I
guess I'm not quite sure I'm following
the question so it's the idea that that
you know because we would you know it
would be just as productive as it was
before right you know as many widgets
are being produced at the widget Factory
as they were being produced before that
but but you know but because it takes
less human labor to do that that in
itself doesn't seem like you know even
if the United States was just an island
of socialism which by the way I don't
really think would happen I think that I
think that the United States being
probably one of the political cultures
in the world that's most hostile to
socialism
a hard time imagining the United States
becoming socialist unless like
everywhere else was first yeah sure but
I'm just imagining like an our entire
economy all of these jobs that end up
getting automated I like in the cat and
the ideal capitalist world the market
would send a signal that these sorts of
jobs aren't needed anymore and then
people would fill in other jobs or would
acquire higher education to work
different types of jobs to maintain that
automated system but basically becoming
a service economy right as our economy
has kind of moved into that direction
I'm just yeah but then it seems like the
alternative in your world is that in a
socialist economy these workers would
never do that because somehow all of the
like McDonald's automates all the jobs
away manufacture Muntz automates all the
jobs away and then all the workers say
oh we'll just work two hours a week
instead then and that'll be okay that's
well I mean one thing that that scenario
assumes is that nobody has any other
aspirations for what they'd like to do
with their lives besides working at
McDonald's you know if they had you know
could be that once their time is you
know their time is freed up you know
then people would pursue all sorts of
you know creative endeavors that might
actually end up helping the economy a
lot more do you think it's realistic
though that all of the spots in our
economy that need to be filled would be
filled if we just let people kind of
like be guided by what they want to do
and we ignore like all of the market
signals for jobs that might be needed
I'm not sure that we're ignoring all the
market signals for jobs you know for
jobs that might be needed because what
you know I mean what we're talking about
are people who you know had been working
you know at McDonald's say or you know
whatever the future socialist equivalent
is and McDonald's and then and then some
of the you know we get an automatic
burger flipping machine and so some of
those jobs are automated away so if
they're going to continue to to work at
that company then everybody might have
to to work fewer hours but is but like
if there's something that like needs to
be done to you know I mean like as
you're talking about going into like
service jobs and I kind of try to
envision a society where there were
fewer service jobs and that doesn't
necessarily seem like a disaster well in
the u.s. it seems like that
the direction that our economy's been
headed in for quite a while for the last
like 4050 years right is moving more
towards a service economy okay but but
you know I'm wondering like if there
were let's you know kids you know seemed
to be talking about new new avenues for
you know for economic growth that might
you know that might open up and fair
enough you know maybe you know maybe if
you didn't have as much economic
pressure for people to go into those as
you did before because people aren't
desperate because they're between jobs
maybe some of those new sectors that
would have opened up otherwise open up
more slowly but I'm not sure that that's
an unambiguously bad thing especially
when you start to think about the
ecological effects of constant growth
for the sake of growth well I mean you
say constant girls for the sake of
growth but if other countries are
growing under more aggressive like
market-based patterns and then we have a
ton of companies like paying people to
not work I don't know it just seems like
that's not like a healthy positive
direction to move I guess into the
future like say for instance um say
McDonald's starts to automate a whole
bunch of things and then those workers
are looking for other types of work and
that might mean that other businesses
could open up because now there's more
labor available that just wouldn't ever
happen right because people would
continue to work for one hour a week or
two hours a week at McDonald's doing
nothing yeah so the premise of the
question was about international
competition and this does go back to the
point about whether we're envisioning in
the United States as an island of
socialism in in a still capitalist world
I suggested earlier that I wouldn't
expect it to happen that way but even
you know even beyond that you know of
course you know there are still going to
be all the time new you know like just
you know let's say people are worker
owners of McDonald's and so maybe more
people get to keep their jobs at
McDonald's because their work and fewer
hours then happened before then I'm not
that doesn't mean that there's nobody
who would be working in new sectors you
know that they have you know more people
turn 18 every day might be in that there
are fewer and if we are imagining that
you
that the United States is the only
island of socialism in the world I can
understand the concern a little bit more
but if but if we're imagining a global
socialist world then we might just have
you know a slower global growth rate
which might actually be a lot better for
the planet so I definitely don't
disagree with you there but I mean I
don't like I don't know how to engage
with that idea like socialism could work
in the United States if every negative
outcome that I'm per sentiment a lot of
my negative outcomes are gonna be
related to losing in global markets if
every single country became socialist
then we would all be kind of roped in
together and these same socialist
policies but I mean I don't like I don't
know how to engage with that like that's
fantastic all right like well I mean I I
think it's more fantastical to think
that you get socialism in the United
States before it became the dominant
global system given that in a lot of
other countries throughout the world
you're starting off with with much more
you know much more prior consciousness
about socialism people you know the
political the political spectrum starts
out much further to the left in many
other places certainly the idea of like
cooperatives like you know like their
European countries that have already
have bigger cooperative sectors that we
have the United States last time I
checked has something like less than a
seven percent rate of unionization even
in the private sector so I would argue
that it's it's more unrealistic to think
that the United States would get there
first but I I had thought that you also
had beyond the sort of international
competition concerns you had some kind
of any concerns about the about whether
like you know workers self-management
could you know could really could really
work effectively like if you know like
is if I know so I thinks one of the
previous prayers people that you
discussed with had kind of dropped a
bunch of statistics about how you know
workers cooperatives in many ways or at
least as productive as traditional
businesses but I I got the impression
that you were still skeptical at that
point
I think your perspective was kind of
well if these if these are so great
right if they're so productive if
they're so efficient then like why don't
they dominate the economy already that
kind of your concern yeah well I'd be
I'd be wondering so you'd either have to
demonstrate that there's some capitalist
I don't wanna say conspiracy in a
derogatory way but that there's some
like institutional barrier to entry for
co-op stuff that makes it hard for them
to start in order to persuade me more
and then also first for the record I
don't have like I'm not like deeply
rooted in my position that I like hate
coops like if coops work and like
honestly the idea of a co-op working
like the fact that you're partial
ownership in a country in a company that
feels good to me that seems like a good
thing oh I don't know like if you've got
a big company I don't know if owning
like point zero zero one percent shares
in your company really motivates you
that much more to work for it we're
voting on management or whatever would
motivate you more but yeah I'm not
opposed to it if it actually ends up
working well in the real world okay yeah
that makes sense
so I guess does good say a couple things
about that which are that I think even
without kind of a big capitalist
conspiracy I think there are some
reasons why like you know even like okay
what do you see these articles hey
workers cooperatives this study shows or
that study shows are so productive or
efficient I think okay well why aren't
there more of them I think that probably
the main thing there is that even though
the death rate for coops isn't doesn't
seem to be higher than the death rate
for traditional hierarchical businesses
that in other words once they're going
they seem to last about as long I think
the big difference is that the birth
rate is a lot lower and I think that one
at least one of the reasons that the
birth rate is a lot lower is just that
structurally if you it's a lot easier to
get initial capital together for a more
traditional business because you can get
investors in it because you can actually
the investors instead of just like
paying them back which may be a workers
cooperative could do you could actually
have give them a continued share of the
ownership of the company going forward
whereas as soon as you bring investors
in haven't you kind of lost your purse
well no that's that's that's my point
right so I think that like I think this
is one of the reasons why the birthrate
of even though the death rate is about
the same I think the birth rate is gonna
be much lower because as you say as soon
as you bring investors then you sort of
lost the the point the point of the coop
I think another another thing maybe
that's a disadvantage of coops
is that in an economy that's dominated
by traditional hierarchical businesses
you know a company can very rapidly
expand if if you as much as possible if
the output is spent on expansion right
so like you you pay you know you paying
workers very little baby early on you
spend a lot of time expanding and it's
much harder I think understandably to
sell people on kind of voting to live in
poverty for the sake of the expansion of
the business I think again this these
are both ways that I think as far as the
start of capital is this is well this is
one of the reasons why most socialists
think that you need to have some kind of
government intervention to move towards
a system based on this like for example
Jeremy Corbyn the leader of the Labour
Party in the UK has a proposal that to
expand the co-operative sector that
every time a company is going to go out
of business or leave the country or or
change ownership then they'd get a right
of first refusal if the workers could
get together the the money to buy it
outright as a co-op and combine that
with with government loans we could
imagine something even more ambitious
like you combine it with maybe
nationalizing bank so you could have
preferential loans to co-ops but but I
think the second factor does again mean
that probably in a coop dominated
economy that wrote the you know because
people aren't going to have the same
kind of incentives to you know to do
that kind of rapid expansion because you
know that that the owners are more
traditional companies might have I
if I think that that does mean you
probably are gonna have slower economic
growth I think that's true so wouldn't
you have to like if you were to say if
you were to go with this coop model then
wouldn't you basically have to demand
that the entire economy switched to
coops only you'd have to ban the the
privatization of any business like
private property would have to be
essentially abolished and capital would
all have to be turned over to workers
right because I can end this kind of
economy like say we take that McDonald's
example right the capitalists run
institution is gonna fire all the
workers that don't need to work there
anymore the coop one is going to keep
those workers hired and just have them
work less it seems like the capitalist
one will always be more more efficient
and have lower prices and drive the
other ones out of business no well the
empirical evidence doesn't seem to
suggest that right that like even though
the birth rate is lower the the death
rate the death rate seems to be about
the same so so I mean I could see well
like so I feel like that's not 104 there
might be like some industries that maybe
coops work better in than other
industries but there to my knowledge at
least in the United States there aren't
like these massive successful like it's
it's not a big part of the economy right
like these are like a pretty minor
feature of the economy that for the most
part it seems like privately ran
businesses and like franchise business
businesses which is also like private
capital seem to do better at competing
in the market and co-ops do yeah so
again I think that statistically they
tend to last about as long as you
started but maybe your ideas that like
they just that in the industries where
they'd be most likely to be out-compete
at the fastest they just don't start in
the first place yeah something like that
maybe that's like a hardcore carpet
floors I could be wrong on that though
but yeah yeah I'd be I'd be really
interested in seeing more data about
that I mean it's hard to kind of
speculate a priori but I would I mean I
would say that that long-term you know I
would like an economy that that was you
know thoroughly thoroughly dominated by
cooperatives and that you could have as
you know as like I think there are a lot
of ways that you could get there like I
said thank you about nationalized
banking preferential loans that's kind
of right of first refusal thing like
when you start getting into like
preferential loans well so I guess
so when we start talking about
preferential loans we've basically
conceded that a co-op will never be as
efficient as like a capitalist ran thing
it could be it could be that it's less
efficient but that like insert you know
it served respects it might be less
efficient but I'm not sure that that's
the whole game right like by you know
kind of like not that I'm saying these
things were remotely morally analogous
but I'm like thinking about like slave
plantations before the Civil War there's
probably a good reason why it wasn't the
case that you could have just ended
slavery by getting by getting like free
labor cotton cotton farms to out-compete
slave plantations right that is my
histories are really bad so you can make
[ __ ] up and I'll lose yeah I'm just
probably mad but isn't that kind of what
happened with slavery like wasn't it the
industrialized north that was pushing
for it as opposed to the agricultural
south because they were more
economically willing to like so wasn't
it kind of like an economic argument
there even for slavery well I mean they
of course the industrialized north was
in favor of abolishing slavery because
it was you know it was in their interest
to have people you know be like I think
that you know their their economic
system you know was was favored by by
free labor so like they were the ones
were pushing it but but the the actual
abolition of slavery of course had to
take place through you know force yeah
right the Civil War exactly absolutely
so what of our most frequently
re-enacted Wars so yeah I would say that
again
you know it's it's not that even you
know they even though there is that was
the case that getting you still like the
northern industrial the economy might
have you know gradually been getting you
know getting stronger and better
etcetera but at the very least I mean
maybe it would have eventually happened
maybe not but it doesn't seem like
certainly on any kind of reasonable time
scale you could have just out computed
the the southern slaveholders
and one likely reason for that is that
those cotton plantations had some some
built-in advantages because they could
because you know you didn't have to pay
people wages and you know like that's
more efficient in some ways but I think
that like the question if we're having
this conversation before the abolition
of slavery would be wouldn't be like
okay is is slavery more efficient in
certain respects than free labor fair
enough a probably is going to be more
efficient in some respects the question
is is free labor efficient enough that
we would be okay if we transitioned over
to yeah I understand what you're saying
right so like so to use a hyperbolic
example like if we could power the
economy like if an efficient source of
energy was like sacrificing children in
order to run like power plants it
wouldn't be a good argument for me to
say well look I mean it's really
efficient right you're saying that
there's like a there's a moral wrong
that's been committed there that that
kind of like supersedes the efficiency
argument basically right yeah or that
like at the very least you know it would
be would be better would be more
desirable
yes ways if people could have this kind
of control over their day-to-day lives
you know that that you know that kind of
autonomy that would be better yeah and I
so so the efficiency would have to be a
lot to outweigh that I think that be
sure yeah and I understand that I guess
like my contention then is I would say
that like I don't think it's as
massively morally wrong as some people
present it that like the way that we
compete for jobs right now in our in the
way the markets function now or at least
not to the level where would be like a
novice to like slavery where I would
consider like employment period to be
immoral wrong like some lefties seem too
right so I get I don't know how people
feel this way like I hear like labor is
exploitation
some people say exploitation is just a
descriptive term it doesn't necessarily
mean it's morally wrong but then I hear
other people say that like well the fact
that a manager can make any money or an
owner to make any money off their labor
is morally wrong so I I don't know if
they think it's all kind of the same but
like I would argue that it's probably
not like that huge of a moral wrong as
long as other goods are being provided
for in society
yeah hi my name my main worries just
back to that that global market thing
like it seems like um sure right I get
that so I mean I would say on the
question of whether it's wrong in itself
and and you know I think you're right i
think that they I think that sometimes
socialists you know we you know we're
probably a little bit ambiguous about
that because yes there's there's a you
know there's a descriptive technical
meaning to the way that we use the word
exploitation but clear clearly people
morally loaded yeah clearly the fact
that we're using the word war exploited
that we're usually the word exploitation
to describe that thing means we don't
like it and and I think that's fair
enough I think that the I think that the
issue is not like okay is it as bad as
slavery or child sacrifice clearly not
but like I think that it's but I think
the issues is whether there's something
that's like fundamentally unfair about
the idea that most people realistically
have no choice but to you know I could
work for somebody who owns a company
because you know that's like you could
start your own business but like that's
a small fraction so many white votes out
of this situation and most from saying
do you really think it's so like here's
another problem at a visit or well kind
of just a real quick I think that they I
think that the worry is that there's
something a little bit unfair about the
idea that most people have to do that
some people sometimes because of skill
right sometimes because of you know
innovation but most often at least to a
very great extent because of luck in
terms of ya know I'm a hard-line
determinist okay I'm not gonna sit here
and tell you the story they're like oh
anybody can become a bla bla bla that's
absolutely [ __ ] asinine do you do you
really think so another thing that I get
into the weeds a lot with with a lot of
socialists is it feels like a lot of
their arguments are weighed down by
things that aren't necessarily tied to
any economic system so for instance what
you just said it kind of sucks that
you're forced to like sell your labor at
another person and your whole life is
kind of [ __ ] because of that a chance
you're becoming a capitalist or release
lamech cetera et cetera would we
necessarily feel the same
if we provided more things to like the
lowest level people in our society it's
like for instance like places like
Sweden or Norway where education is free
or sometimes you'll get paid to go to
school or you have like free health care
what is it really that bad in a country
like this that like you have to be a
laborer if there are like these much
larger social safety nets and you have
like much more opportunity to do things
that like give you pleasure and German
in life I think it's certainly not as
bad as it is here I think that the kinds
of reforms that you have in those Nordic
social democracies are very good and you
know they'd be a massive step in in the
right direction I think that it's still
ok so I think that the I would say that
even in the best case Miriah like not
even like Sweden now but like Sweden in
the 70s they being the kind of height of
that welfare state they had then like
even then I do think that there is
something to be said for the
desirability of being able to control
you know have more control more say and
where you spend most of your day to day
of life but I'd also say beyond that
because that might seem like a little
bit like ok sure even if you could see
the point you might still think yeah but
I'm not gonna get that excited about
that but I think another point bas
Garson Cara just came out with a book
called the socialist manifesto that he
makes in there is that there are a lot
of cases of countries that have that
have passed reforms like that that you
know have end and they ensure fair
enough they've brought about tremendous
benefit you know to ordinary people when
they have but often times since then
they're you know those do get rolled
back because you know because the the
people who own businesses you know that
class of society is still kind of in its
position of economic power and it could
always use that economic power when it
sort of thinks that it can politically
get away with it to start rolling those
back so one reason to think that you
know even even something as advanced as
Sweden in the 70s now - and I don't want
to like look I think that those Nordic
social democracies those are probably
about as best as we've done in human
history right I don't want
but I think that to have I think that
even just for the sake of preserving
what's already getting one that alone
gives you a reason to to want to change
the structure of society so that so that
those games aren't vulnerable to being
rolled back in the future I don't know I
guess like I like I understand like it's
easy to point out like difficulties on
current systems and I understand but
like it feels like it's a much better
solution is to say like oh like we
should find a way to codify like certain
reforms like either through like big
laws or something like that as opposed
to saying like we literally like need to
have like a global socialist government
like that just seems like so unrealistic
to me that like I don't really know how
to write like yeah so I mean anything
that's very different from from what
we've had just gonna seem unrealistic I
would also say that you don't
necessarily even need a global socialist
government I mean I think you probably
do need like in certain respects I think
even just like solve climate change you
might need a lot more global of
integration of governments but like I
think you could even just have you know
the I mean if the United States like
let's say the United States China and
the European Union all all adopted this
kind of you know this kind of like
radical democratic socialism that alone
might be hard enough to imagine but like
that would be that like they sort of
mean economic blocks of the of the
global economy we're in place and in
that and so it wouldn't be the situation
that you had that you know you just sort
of have the United States is like the
only socialist country and we'd have to
worry the sort of the same way that if
we only had one country with free labor
and everywhere else do you slave labor
that you know that they're you know
their cotton production would run us out
of the market that you know we wouldn't
have to think well the United States is
the only socialist you know bastion of
socialism in the world and you know and
we have to you know and we're going to
be decimated in this global like civil
conflict what's like moving forward then
so like what is the realistic way
forward button for something like this
yeah so I think that you have to start
out with social democracy I mean it's I
think that you're not gonna get from
from less than 7% private sector
unionization to an economy based on
workers control without a lot of fig you
know a lot of baby steps along the way
so I would say like in the United States
like you know Bernie Sanders all that
stuff that's that's the that's the
immediate way forward and I would be
even more excited about that if it
started to he does sometimes talk about
cooperatives but I'll be even more
excited by that if if like he did
emphasize that war you know that those
sorts of Jeremy Corbyn kind of style
proposals to at least boost and expand
the co-operative sector of the economy
and you know and then maybe you know if
we work out that for long enough then
like the sort of possibilities for more
radical change might open up uh-huh I
mean yeah I don't disagree with that
like I like that idea
like moving forward like if we have we
transitioned fully to like like a social
democracy like if we were on the level
of like Sweden or Norway and then
somebody started talking about how how
you know well we need to move towards
like Moke more coops or you know that
the government banks or whatever they'd
give along whatever I think I'd be a
little little warmer to it but just like
the idea of like screeching right now
about like global socialist governments
it just seems like so far out of the
real of anything that they're like
people that have problems like today in
our economy like there are people
suffering today and the kinds of changes
that people are advocating for are like
generations away if they could ever even
happen yeah I mean what I struggle with
is that I I agree with you I think that
like I think that it's going to be very
long transition you know like like I
think that we're nowhere near getting
there right now right you know I think
that you are probably right about the
time scale although what I the reason
that maybe I am a little bit more
sympathetic to the screechers is that I
also think that I'm very skeptical given
the incentives that exist to the kind of
economic system that you know that we
have right now about our ability to
avoid environmental catastrophe
with you know within that system sure
like socialism like coops or whatever
none of that has anything to do with the
environment either though right like
there's no reason to think that like a
co-op or whatever we'd do anything more
to address environmental issues than a
free-market like here's here's why I
think that it actually might it might
actually might help I think that if you
have large numbers of people you know
who are directly affected oftentimes by
by these you know by by pollution for
example by you know by these questions
who are in a position to have democratic
input into decision-making especially I
mean I don't know the number off the top
of my head yeah like I think that
there's an estimate that some there's
some really small number of companies in
the world that are risk but that are
directly responsible for some massive
chunk of global climate change shot and
and so if so if you have like you know
one of those companies you know even if
it wasn't nationalized even if it was
run as a private you know cooperative
you know if if you talking about like
many many thousands of of employees and
they don't necessarily have you know the
sort of huge stake in the existing
practices of the company that they know
that they would have if they were you
know if there were like major
stockholders and you know in a private
company then I think that I'm much more
optimistic you know the more democratic
input there is into the system and
people's ability to say hey do we want
to be able to expand a little bit faster
or do we want you know our grandchildren
to be able to live on this planet that
you know I'm much more confident you say
that now but like we already have a
democracy and there's already what
percentage of Americans that don't even
believe that climate change is real like
these would be the same people in the
workplace as voting on whether or not we
should do it right like Trump said
literally like that climate change is a
hoax from China like all of the people
that voted for him which were a lot of
worker type people write the whole Rust
Belt it kind of swung for him these
would be the people in charge of voting
in their workplaces
on whether or not we should do something
about climate change so I mean I guess I
guess I'm not fully sold on the idea and
this is where kind of like a very
inflammatory on Twitter I don't know
which tweet tweets you read but like I
said multiple times like workers are
dumb or whatever I don't necessarily
mean that like workers are like a class
like a genetically bred to be stupid
people or whatever but I do I think in
general like people seem to be like
pretty clueless about issues this isn't
just workers this is like all sorts of
different people for a variety of
reasons - right whether we don't fund
education whether you're on a lower
class you didn't have time to pay
attention that [ __ ] for whatever reason
that the idea that like the same people
that voted for Trump if they were in
charge of co-ops they would just
magically be more where or more caring
about climate issues I don't know I find
that really really hard to believe yeah
well I guess it's a couple things about
that one of them all right I gotta go
ahead okay yeah I was gonna say that you
know that one thing is is that I think
that you know implementing the kind of
you know radical left-wing changes that
I'm advocating here surely involves
convincing a lot more I mean like unless
you unless you convince people to change
their minds about a lot of things
politically that's not going to happen
and I don't think that climate that like
people's views on climate change you
know
that tends to go along with their views
about a lot of other things and then the
only other thing to point out was that
it's not that it's not just that people
sort of happen to form these views on
their own that there is a very large and
very profitable industry devoted to
propagandizing though about I mean you
say that but like Jesus didn't I mean
you know how much money does you know
does ExxonMobil spend you know for
boating you know promoting the idea that
this this is you know this is a myth
that you know how much like you know
like [ __ ] like the fact that I think
that like the fact that people watch Fox
News they they come to the conclusion
that Fox News is right I mean you might
be right that that doesn't say anything
good about them and their critical
thinking skills but it's also not a
coincidence hokum but it's not a
coincidence that this is the particular
brand of hokum Devine into but I mean
like two things one like in this new
economy that we're talking about is like
all advertising banned because why
wouldn't like coal mining co-ops do the
exact same type of advertising like why
wouldn't they even band together to do
the exact same type of advertising I
would expect them to write workers run
the co-ops and they want to protect
their jobs like even in California right
like the apparently there's a lot of
labor unions that are upset about the
green new deal because it threatens a
lot of their jobs too which is
self-interested behavior that I would
expect labor unions to enact I just I
don't see this whole poll that they
would like magically become invested
there or I mean how do you spend of that
I what do you thing about stuff like
that yeah I think that there are you
know like I don't think that I think
that there are ways that you could try
to ameliorate that like like for example
we're talking about you know when you
were asking me about ways that we could
transition to this over time and I was
saying well if you had nationalized
banks you know then they could have you
know give preferential loans to things
on the basis being workers cooperatives
you could also have but one of the you
know if if this wasn't like a if there
was this was a matter of public policy
to decide like which you know which
potential ventures got the starter
capital then one of the the things that
you could use as like a I'm losing the
word but like you know as one of the
standards that you used you know to to
decide you know who got loans and
starter capital might be environmental
impact and we're right back at square
one though then because now we have to
go back to pub because how are we gonna
decide who gets that that public well in
the preferential thing that's gonna have
to come from voting and those voting
people are gonna be the same type of
people that voted for Trump and they're
still gonna be influenced by advertising
from like coal owned co-ops and when
again unless we'd like ban advertising
or we do a regulation they're
democratically elected but then again
we're back at square one where comes
back to the electorate sure so I mean if
if the concern is that anything that we
could do structurally to try to do
something about you know climate change
would have to would have to be
democratically you know we would have to
involve like
a coalition of the voters under
socialism one thing I point out is that
the same worry applies to anything you
could do about these problems under
capitols Oh No that's I agree with you a
trillion percent but that's my argument
my argument is that like all of these
problems are totally independent of any
economic system that there are issues
and capitalism that can exacerbate these
issues so for instance like like you
said major oil companies that will lobby
Congress that have like certain studies
because they'll Commission people to do
things where I'm like absolutely I agree
that's definitely a problem I just don't
see how these problems wouldn't exist
also on a socialized system like the
exact settings can happen so so I think
you know I think that to the extent that
what you're saying is that just
switching from capitalism to socialism
wouldn't magically make the problem go
away I agree right I think I think
that's something that's important for
socialists to concede just for the sake
of intellectual honesty I think it's
probably I think it's it's not a
sufficient condition I think it might be
a necessary condition though here's why
I think that uh you know because any
solution to climate change under any
system is going to have to involve
convincing the majority of the people to
take the problem seriously well which
might be depressing enough right that's
not necessarily true though and I hate
to cite of it like as a capitalist
example right you've got like a big
capitalist like Elon Musk who is like
doing things as a private capital owner
in order to like deal with like electric
cars right I don't know if in a public
system of something that would have
happened if enough people don't believe
in it right maybe somebody like that you
know never gets the public funding in
order to do it but as a capitalist he
was able to pursue that on his own right
okay so baby we have a disagreement
about this I would say that that given
that given the kind of kind of
incentives that that exists I'm you know
I'm expecting that that we're not going
to have a solution to to climate change
that doesn't involve massive amounts of
of government interventions to you know
to curb you know like to create because
like there's so much incentive for for
people who are profiting from
environmentally destructive
- things - of course those aiming
sentence exists in socialism I get that
right so here's my point though that if
you this this is why I think that so you
know change switching over socialism
isn't gonna be sufficient for solving
climate change but I think it's
necessary because you know if we if we
agree that like we're gonna need
government unit massive amounts of
government intervention and you know and
you know we want there to be you know at
least the government certainly we want
to be run democratically then we need to
have a majoritarian coalition behind
doing something about climate change to
do anything about it either way so that
cuts both ways but then what I think
cuts deeper against capitalism is that
under capitalism so much of the power
structure is not up for election right
that there's that you know even that if
the the power of a democratic government
under capitalism to do anything about
climate change is limited by the
economic power of the of the current you
know current owners businesses in a way
that in a way that I think I think would
be much less you know would be much less
true if you didn't have the kinds of
concentrations of wealth in particular
hands that you have that you have with
the system based on private ownership
businesses I guess like what I guess I
just don't understand is that it seems
like it's not the size of the companies
it's the problem it's gonna be the size
of the market so like in in capitalism
you have a few big companies that can
basically fund a whole bunch of climate
change denial ISM and stuff like that
but in socialism
I would imagine what these companies
would do is these companies kind of like
unions would all come together in order
to use their bargaining power their
leverage on society in a form of paying
for advertisements or influencing
elections or nominating politicians that
that's what they would do that exact
same problem still exists because the
exact same incentive structure is there
that the climate change in or rather
like climate related issues are
externalities that if they're not
accounted for by a market people are
always going to you know vote on their
interest for you know so I think that
one you know of course unions right now
have have a lot less
have a lot less political power than the
private corporations do and and I think
there there are reasons for that that if
you have that if you're going to rely on
you know getting large num and if in
fact actually I think that just the
process just the sheer number of people
if you're if you're going to rely on
getting you know getting everybody
together to you know to vote on let's do
the let's do the Han T climate change
initiative you know let's let's let's
put out there let's let's fund you know
let's fund with all these coops the you
know the future socialist equivalents of
these were you it wouldn't be like that
it wouldn't be that hard of an
undertaking you would just you would
have the workers that you vote for right
the MIT that would become the managers
of the owners and then those people
would would represent the electorate
right just because you have like a
socializer democratize workplace doesn't
mean it would have to literally be like
a direct democracy our referendum on
every issue right no I wouldn't have to
be a referendum on every issue but I
think that something as controversial as
as this is even now much less as
controversial you know if I mean if
we're imagining that's happening any
later than you know a few years from now
you know it's gonna be it even more
hot-button issue something like that I
think would late would likely be a major
issue in managerial elections the same
way that right now it's a major issue
and political elections sure I don't
disagree I just feel like we're we're
now we're still back at the area where
you'd still be relying on the on the
Democratic workplace or populist to to
do something about these issues that it
wouldn't be something that would be
structurally fixed it would still come
down to like people voting on these
issues that the same way that it doesn't
know right like like here's here's like
the issue I guess is like like any
population of people that would be like
socialist and would vote to like fix
these problems they'd vote for energy
blah blah blah this would be the same
population that in a capitalist system
would hardcore support things like cap
and trade and stuff that would allow us
to make it so companies are incentivized
to fix economic problems like there's
like there's no like they'd be like the
same type of population so like if we
could do it now or if we
could do it under socialism we'd be able
to do it now yeah and I guess that last
part is where I disagree and I think
partially because you know something you
know stuff like you know cap-and-trade
at that example you know that's that's
like given the scale the problem that's
that's such you know that's such weak
sauce right I mean like having this and
you know having essentially you know
selling permits to engage in certain
kinds of environmental destruction you
know which is what that is and I think
that goes to that goes to my argument
from earlier that of course you need to
get you need to get together a majority
Democratic you know you need to get
together majority coalition to do
anything about climate change in either
system but once you got together that
majority coalition under socialism there
would be a lot more levers of power that
were directly under their control then
you're going to have under capitalism
where you know we're but your economic
enterprises are mostly like little
fiefdoms that are controlled separately
from that yeah I mean like this is like
I feel like we're so this is we're gonna
run around the circle I guess that like
this is where I always get stuck with
like other kind of like really lefty
people is I I'm just I'm fully not
convinced that in any social system
people are gonna vote to make their jobs
harder or vote to make their jobs
obsolete in an effort to save the
environment like the whole point of
climate change or the whole point of
environmental damage is that we don't
really feel the effects immediately
that's why it's like such a negative
externality that no companies account
for it's cuz you complete all you want
and you generally don't feel the effects
immediately I just have I just can't
believe that then in a social system
people would literally vote away their
jobs or vote to make their jobs harder
to protect an environment that's not
like immediately impacting them well
they wouldn't necessarily have to have
to vote away their jobs that they have a
that like so I you know it's like a
couple things here first of all I think
that you know if we're a badging you
know socials and the first thing I said
about it was that you know we couldn't
picture a society you know where maybe
some key sectors are nationalized though
a lot of the rest is dominated by
workers cooperatives I think that that
would fit very naturally with
with like the idea of you know the the
public sector as an employer of last
resort and in in a way that you're not
going is going to be very difficult of
course people make those proposals right
now as a reform you know that you have
federal jobs guarantee things like that
but it's but like I think one of the
reasons that that's going to be a very
hard sell under the current system is
that is that if we had a Federal jobs
guarantee that would really change the
bargaining power of workers as opposed
to to owners and so the people who have
the most economic power right now are
gonna push back hard against that
whereas if we imagine a society we
didn't have that split between workers
workers no nurs then you're not gonna
have that same kind of incentive like to
push back you know to push back against
having the public sector as the employer
of last resort which would really weaken
this sort of worry that oh my god if we
if we eliminate certain kinds of
economic activity for the sake of the
environment I'm not going to have a job
so that's one thing the other thing is
that earlier you know I was talking
about different ways that we could
imagine the economy you know that for
example you know said like you know that
we could have you know vote in a public
policy whereby one of the the standards
by which some businesses got you know
the starter capital from public banks
and others didn't was environmental
impact and you said and you know you
were right right your objection at the
time was well if we did that then we
wouldn't have them you know they in
order to do that right we need to get
the majority of the public right to to
take climate change seriously but of
course this there's a you know but
that's a much lower standard than get in
the people in the various sectors that
are going to be most affected by an
economic by doing something about
climate change to take it seriously and
so if we can so I think that there so I
think that both having the public sector
as employer of last resort
cut down resistance even from people in
those sectors and also that you wouldn't
necessarily need a majority of people
those sectors what you need is just an
overall majority overall majority of the
population okay I mean okay let's try
okay let's try it we'll try like just
one like razor simple example okay sure
go for it okay so we'll keep talking
about like climate change okay let's say
that you have a union we're not a unit
I'm saying let's say that you have a
co-op full of people that are involved
in either like gas or coal or oil or
something like that
okay sure so it comes time for these
people for the entire economy to say
like hey we don't like your jobs they're
causing pollution right let's say that
47 or 48 percent of people believe that
so and like and a very simple but like
how or rather like I just everything
like that this is like every single
thing you've said so far I think I agree
with like 98% of it I just don't see how
does anything to do with like socialism
versus capitalism like I don't see how
every single thing almost that you've
suggested can't be implemented in a
capitalist system with the same level of
efficient efficiency okay well one
example of something that I suggested
that would at least at the very least to
be a pretty dramatic adjustment to
capitalism we could argue about - the
line is between reforming capitalism and
having socialism would be that instead
of the current system where you get you
get starter capital from businesses by
attracted investors you know who think
they're gonna get a big return on their
investment that you have that you have a
system of taxpayer-funded public banking
where it's a bet it's a public policy
issue which kinds of businesses get the
start of capital I mean now maybe you
could have that okay so real quick just
I understand every every part of us sure
so right now what you're talking about
is essentially a planned economy kind of
right yeah to a great extent not a you
know not like 5-year plan level you know
okay sure so this is so now we're away
from capitalism very much so right so
now we're in a plant economy so I
acknowledge that this can't happen
under capitalism so now okay so now we
have a planned economy where the
government is choosing which banks or
our I'm sorry which companies are which
firms are going to get the capital
required to begin Excel okay in this
plant economy so now my question is is
let's say that we have a country full of
people that split on climate change is
fifty five forty five so now in this
plant economy where the government is
choosing who to lend money to assuming
that we have our current population that
doesn't believe climate change is real
money is going to continue to be lent to
firms or coops I guess I should say that
have workers that are interested and
motivated to keep their jobs in
existence so under this system now what
do we do to change people's minds that
would be like markedly different than a
capitalist system yeah so this is the
thing I think this is getting back to
something we agreed on earlier which is
that whether we have capitalism or
socialism there's no solution to climate
change that doesn't start by convincing
a majority for public that's a problem
right that's the something we that we
agreed on I think what we're where we
disagreed after that was on whether on
whether that once you've got a majority
of the public to take the problem
seriously whether there's more that we
could do about under socialism than
there is under capitalism or whether the
options would would just be equivalent
okay I got you I mean I always concede
and I have to that in a planned economy
you can always address issues like more
brutally with a more efficacious matter
right because you can literally like say
like hey like this is how it's gonna go
end of discussion
although I I still feel like
market-based solutions like like things
like cap-and-trade are like really
powerful ways that if like markets were
financially incentivized to deal with
certain problems that they would do it
they would predict if the money was
there I mean if we all believe that
capitalists are greedy evil people that
if the money is there then they're gonna
pour the money into it right if then I
mean again like we saw companies like
Tesla floated really hard on that on
that government credit right it's like
eight thousand dollars to buy like an
electric car or some [ __ ]
right and stuff like that hardcore
financially incentivizes different
capitalists to invest in things that do
help us with climate change
assuming again we already we have to get
over that hurdle that climate change is
a problem because like
government incentives to come from
elected officials so I guess I don't I
mean I guess I don't necessarily
disagree maybe if our if our
disagreement is like whether or not you
can address issues using a planned
economy over a over like either a mixed
market or just like an open or free
market or whatever but man again we're
getting into like really hardcore when
we talk about like having like planned
economies like this is like a pretty
hardcore departure from the current like
economic status quo in the United States
right yeah absolutely so yeah I'm not so
yeah so uh I'm not quite sure at this
point yeah I mean I understand where our
disagreements lie I think right yeah
well yeah if you want to if I ever say
anything on Twitter do you think is like
real dumb or whatever if you have like a
disagreement over some take of mine you
can always like should be a message I'm
sure I scream all the time so you can
always just like hop on and chat with me
or whatever I'm pretty open yeah no
problem thanks I'm talking about too
long my friends in conversation like
every single lefty conversation I have
is gonna be like this
right like I don't know what to the
thing is it it's like you ask a question
it's gonna go very long it seems like
you just leave it the same place when
you ask the question well I think it's
like we don't usually disagree and much
and like the press like here's the
problem like somebody will say like I'll
say like okay
this is like all of my lefty
conversations in a nutshell okay I want
to know what is the most effective
medicine to take for strep throat okay
and somebody says okay well the best
medicine to take exercise is really
important it keeps your healthy keeps
your immune system stronger sleeping is
like really important for you as well
you know like that makes it so that you
have a stronger body again your immune
system works better having a good diet
is really important you know making sure
that you're getting the proper vitamins
I'm right and then like at the end of
conversation like okay but like I don't
know what any of that has to do with
like the medicine that I asked for right
like we're not talking about medication
at all we're just talking about like
other things that aren't it all related
to medication
and that's like every lefty debate I
have like people be like oh well how
does how does socialism whatever solving
these files like well we need government
incentives we need to vote well I was
like okay that has nothing to do with
social is like all of us can happen
under capitalism right like yeah it's
and I'm also like the flaws of like how
do you even get socialism to work to the
level they're talking about well like
but that's [ __ ] crushed from other
countries yeah like that's a column to
every country to do it but that's the
problem to is the guy already considers
like well in order for this to work we
need like a global socialist government
and it's like okay yeah and there's a
lot of like unanswered questions about
this as well so like let's assume this
socialism is emplace all across the
world right now so does that mean that
there's no wealthy people or less
wealthy people who wants to do the
shitty jobs that need to be done that
can't be automated like who's opting
into that job and like there's so much
[ __ ] that doesn't make sense under this
[ __ ] especially when it comes to like
that blue and goods like people have a
desire to wear like things that make
them stand out well I think I think
socialist socialist I think generally
we'll try to believe in the elimination
of classes that there shouldn't be like
an outer class and upper class middle
class it's pretty unlikely that I mean
people are pretty if you look at us
today we're pretty [ __ ] tied to the
idea of being unique and standing
outside making bad capitalists arguments
don't do this to me don't may be
different let the argument how do you
think that's not you guys are gonna say
you've been brainwashed by the witch you
have you're making brainwash by
capitalism paradigms we could probably
conceive of a world where people no come
on I'm sure that at some point in human
history we can probably find some
Society they didn't have the strict
delineation of classes that we do today
in America there has to be an upper
class a lower klezmer I'm sure there
been times in society or it hasn't
necessarily been divided along these
same lines I'm not saying that there
won't be classes I'm saying that people
have a desire to stand out and be unique
from other people and in a society where
you can't have any advantage over you
know oh my god stop oh my god dance
started when you talk about standing out
and being unique in blah blah blah
you're feeding me consumerist capitalist
arguments are you saying well the only
way you can stand it'll be unique is if
you buy [ __ ] that's not true we could
envision a million ways that people
could be unique and a socialist system
where people have more free time maybe
the way they stand out as they pursue
different arts or hobbies or craft maybe
they do music maybe they do painting
maybe they maybe they pursue things that
they couldn't pursue or capitalism you
could pay attention
theoretically you could be even more
unique under those systems and if we
imagine a world where people don't have
to work that was I was test I was making
sure you are an actual good capitalist
made just be careful okay because if the
more of these demos are gonna make the
more [ __ ] lefties I pick up I don't
[ __ ] once I am sure I was just making
sure I had to I didn't believe any of
that chat I was just I was just I was
testing okay yeah but the thing he was
saying though about what was he saying
specifically about the like venture
investments or something like that would
be better under socialism or something
well what he was saying is he basically
have he's I became like a planned market
so like the government would give
preferential loans to what we decide is
worth loaning to so basically we would
have a vote we would say these are the
types of businesses we want and then
those types of businesses would receive
really good loans from public
institutions that would make them than
other companies wouldn't right but we do
do that now with like a lot yeah we have
government incentives involved yeah yeah
I mean there's like insane things like
there's this new thing believe it or not
the Trump created I believe called
Opportunity Zones and it's designed to
like bolster and fascinatin into like
shitty areas and it's like an insane
investment to do it so if you're in some
like dilapidated like [ __ ] town and
Buffalo or something that's like a Rust
Belt place they'll like did it's like a
hundred percent right off on all capital
gains so if you invest like a hundred
million dollars into building something
and then it's worth a billion dollars
like there's no games it's yeah so the
government does do [ __ ] like that they
care about but yeah so the question is
what is the argument how do we get from
one country thinking about doing
socialist [ __ ] to the not getting
crushed which I think that's what mark
says right I already answer this he said
that you have to have like a global
socialist government all at once yeah
and it's really a global socialist
government that case I'm actually losing
you
telling me they're by strictly referring
to him as a
