sustainable that holds our values and
will be enjoyable for generations who
will inherit that oh you just jumped in
here Oh doc we're in it
Baron and everyone's favorite destiny it
is joining us as well destiny could you
give us a little bit of an intro hey
what's up I do video games of politics I
think most people here probably know who
I am I think I've talked to most of you
at one point or another right fuentes I
remember Laura and I remember
roaming Millenial I've seen you say a
couple things and then a no-bullshit
we've had the pleasure of talking a few
times hi guys I'm taking a while thank
you for having me on Lauren hi guys
of course alright so let's start things
out with Nick you are probably the most
far right on this stream so you would
see a very different future from the
ones that people even on the alt light
or of course Steven or contra points
would see where do you think you veer
off from the traditional right people
like roaming millennial and myself and
why do you think the future you foresee
it with more of the alt-right is
preferable sure so where I veer off from
the alt light Drive you're off from a
lot of these new characters that came
about since the election is I'm a
traditionalist a traditionalist
conservative more accurately so whereas
many people in the alt light are
classical liberals self-described
classical liberals I define myself as a
traditionalist conservative in that I
value order hierarchy tradition ritual
over things like freedom over things
like economic Liberty that a lot of the
ben shapiro types enjoy so my vision for
the country is a country that is
producing children again as a country
that has jesus christ at its core a
country that has the family at its core
and a country fundamentally that people
enjoy living in and is healthy for
people's mental and soul you know their
their minds and their souls so to speak
and so I think that's preferable in a
lot of ways because you look at the
Reagan Revolution for example is kind of
a good example of the triumph of
classical liberalism this this purely
materialist vision of our country and of
the West
and you see that we still even though we
have well even though we have freedom we
still have suicide epidemics we still
have drug epidemics we still have all
kinds of symptoms of a society that is
not working and so that's why my vision
I think would work because we're getting
back to a country that is functional it
has the fundamentals right now when you
consider yourself alright
just to clarify things my technical II
don't consider it myself all right only
because they tend to lose me on the pure
racialism the identitarian ism and
specifically the racialist strand of
identitarian ISM I'm not about that but
do you want like a white America what do
you say I want a white super majority in
America yeah okay now no [ __ ]
roaming millennial there and don't worry
Steven I will get to you and would you
say that you have any disagreements with
Nick on this um well I'm someone who is
also on the right something that from
what I've just heard him say I do
disagree with is that I'm someone who's
on the right but I am a someone who
lives leans libertarian and from the
sounds of it Nick you kind of lean more
to the authoritarian spectrum so I'm
someone who like ben shapiro really
values my things like economic freedom
individual liberty things like that and
so that's probably a disagreement we
would have and that's also one of the
among many disagreements that i have
with people who tend to be more on the
alright i tend to see this desire for i
guess not not you know the social
justice more left-leaning type of
government regulations but still a very
strong state or a very strong state
power and that's i'm someone who i want
small government and big community
involvement big churches things like
that it's not that i'm a libertarian who
things like yeah you know we'll all just
do drugs and have no roads that kind of
thing no control I'm just someone who
would rather those sort of I guess
tampering influences come from things
like community smaller communities
churches even on the state level of
things like that
now Stephen what are your issues with
adorable sweater man and wonderful small
government Neil because I know you're
probably seething there about people not
doing jobs anymore and
having traditional families oh I'm never
seeing so basically the undeniable
reality right now is that the world is
headed towards a more kind of globalist
whatever you want to call it thing and
that it's probably the best thing that
we can do is make sure that we kind of
integrate ourselves into that world as
effectively as possible to ensure that
as many people are you know kept free
and happy and economically prosperous as
possible rather than to try to hold on
to this idea that we can keep the
country looking like it did 50 or 100 or
150 years ago why do you think this
future is going to be more economically
prosperous than what we had 50 years ago
this globalists future you envision why
why will that be a positive thing for
the future for me personally I mean I'm
a capitalist I'm a strong believer in
capitalism and in terms of like
globalist policy generally being good
for economics that's not really an issue
that's debated by any I guess any
economist that I've ever heard of
the ability to work together with other
countries to capitalize on each other's
advantages these are things that are
generally accepted by pretty much all
economists to be incredibly economically
beneficial things of course they bring
all their problems as well but those are
problems that I would hope to address
rather than I guess some people kind of
want to throw out the whole system
because there are a couple things wrong
with it and then go back to whatever we
had 50 or a hundred years ago
you're being shockingly reasonable right
now I mean I'm a very reasonable person
Concha points welcome thank you for
coming on the stream I know you guys can
get in [ __ ] for associating with us
horrible full fascist Nazis on right
wing YouTube but do tell me what your
vision is for the future and where you
would veer off from people like myself
Nick and Roma millennial and others well
I would like to see an America that is a
juster and fairer version of the one we
already have which is to say a country
built by waves of immigration and not
Disneyland for white supremacists
Disneyland for whites predict because
these people who talk about equality in
one breath and then talk about mass
immigration and another what do you
think is going to happen when you import
people from the third
you're going to get the same Brutalism
the same despotism the same tyranny the
same low IQ of the third world in our
country I just I don't see how you score
this sir what happened when you had ways
of Italian immigrants or Irish
immigrants people in the third world
back then no no those were followers of
Christ those are Europeans and average
IQs you see really followers of Christ
are going to cook wait aren't Mexicans
mainly Catholic I do like what's up
aren't Mexicans Catholics too primarily
because in the early 21st century the
Catholic Irish Catholics it was viewed
as papist invasion like I mean it's
essentially the same argument no it's
not I mean there's just there's
differences between Italians and Anglos
for example but the differences between
Mediterraneans and Italians or excuse me
mediterraneans and Anglos is a lot
smaller than the differences between
sub-saharan Africans and Anglos I don't
think anyone would argue if you granted
up this racist pseudoscience is correct
no but I mean just like we're not not
even talking about genetically but just
culturally you have to admit that a
judeo-christian culture and I you know
I'm including Mexico and this is it is
more that's right I'm bringing the Jews
into this as well I'm counting them
they're gonna be more similar and have
an easier time integrating than
individuals from somewhere from like a
predominantly Muslim culture and I think
we're seeing that like historically
speaking even people from Latin America
are having an easier time assimilating
culturally than what we're seeing in
Europe right now with migrants from
largely Muslim countries right there is
that cultural difference that is harder
to breach the more different the
cultures are what would you say cultural
difference like I don't understand where
this idea is so funny hearing this
because like in America we don't have
one culture like if you take somebody
that lives in LA and you try to transmit
them to a city in Alabama or you even
take somebody from New York and try to
take them and transmit them into San
Francisco these are incredibly different
cultures what is this unifying like what
are some traits of this unifying
American culture that as someone who
oversees let me tell you there are
cultural differences between East Coast
and West Coast absolutely people you
know cold and I guess always in a rush
in New York more laid-back and friendly
in LA that those differences pale in
comparison to the differences we see
when
talking about you know like say Saudi
Arabian culture just basic things like
our respecting someone's right to
freedom of religion so like respect
women's rights respecting the rights of
so would you say women's rights it's
really it's interesting you say that
because if you look at somebody like la
like if you take somebody from LA and
you take their view on women's rights
you would find a lot more similarities
between like a conservative like Lauren
southern or her view on women's rights
comparable to like a Muslim than you
would to somebody in LA right the idea
that women need to cover up that they
shouldn't show too much skin yeah sure
so like when you get conservatives of
David Lauren Lauren is not closer to
someone who is an Islamic fundamental oh
yeah absolutely in terms of like in
terms of what should women wear to be
presentable in public this is very much
a fundamentalist religious idea that
women need to cover up in order to in
order to be presentable let me clarify
the difference is the choice to do so
and that it is not enforced by being
stoned into the freakin ground by your
Sharia police I think it should be a
choice I always have been more
libertarian on the values of yes women
should be traditional yes I believe you
should not be running around like my
release iris with a dildo strapped to
you with your tits out I think that's
ridiculous I don't think it's productive
or to a good society or anything that
has produced a good society with the
nuclear family however I don't believe
you should be stoned for not doing so
and I think that is the fundamental
difference between Islamic cultures do
you believe in this culture of
submission that's not Islamic culture
that's Western but that's not a slur on
that culture you keep saying Islamic
culture that's the culture of some very
particular Islamic societies we don't
stone people I'm sorry can you tell me
when Muslims in America have stoned a
woman for not wearing a hijab can you
give me that story extremely well
integrated population yeah like where is
this happening look at that City
Michigan you could look at in
Minneapolis where they have Somalis have
taken over or you haven't taken over I'm
sorry where we actually I remember when
a bunch of Minneapolis that's Somali
paradise how can I forget about me well
I'm
time I remember somebody the first to go
the only time the only thing the only
time I remember like sovereignty in the
United States being threatened was when
a bunch of rednecks and um what state
was it where they all tried to take over
the federal land because they were mad
that the government was trying to market
office at the park yeah that's the last
session oh the legal secession name okay
that's beside the point the South
seceding from the Union is a far cry
from a cultural and demographic
subversion and invasion by the third
world I don't think anybody would would
argue that a change of regime in
government is comparable to the
fundamental transformation
demographically of a nation and its
people I don't think anyone in their
right mind would argue that yeah but not
everybody is I guess obsessed with this
demographic change and for something
that seems so important to somebody that
calls himself their traditionalist this
wasn't written into the Constitution at
all that we were supposed to be so it
was absolutely but it actually isn't in
the preamble and but unfortunately on
the Federalist Papers when he talks
about our posterity one he never
mentions race a single time and to that
same guy that you cite that mentioned
posterity said that if he had the
opportunity to he would have banned
Catholics from ever entering the United
States which yourself I mean I have I
have my own close as well but your pick
you're quoting you're quoting a guy
you're quoting a guy that we so do you
think D leave a path legit do you think
Catholics should be banned from the
United States as well then because he
was quoted as saying the same thing the
definition can expand but it must expand
reasonably okay if you want to
reasonably expand no no did Somali
Muslims if you want to expand the
definition you can't you white America
in the 1700s was anglo-saxon not white
European Christian the idea that Germans
and Italians and Spaniards were all seen
as the same as British people is
ridiculous destiny who discovered the
new world who discovered the new world
in 1492 who is the
continent named after who
circumnavigated the glorious was
catholic italians and you know again
reasonable expansion you know if we
could go back to the 1924 National
Origins quota sits very laid out you
know we would like if it were possible
in this day and age to have that
Protestant anglo-saxon majority again I
think it'd be worth pursuing but the
fact that matter is demographically it's
just not tenable so we reasonably expand
the definition to Christian Europeans
and that's fine and everybody
understands what that means well guys
there's gonna be two minutes destiny I
will give you an opportunity to respond
but I do want to quickly calm things
down this didn't take long to ignite
it's lots of fun but I do want to
quickly bring in Theron and no [ __ ]
but first Theron you are coming from a
more centrist for you so watching Nick
and Steven argue over this what do you
make of it well let's talk about
immigration I I'm not quite as I don't
think that immigration a more just
society is necessarily a society in
which there is more immigration I
actually think that a just society would
be a society where immigration but it
benefits the people in the nation rather
than the people outside organizing
people immigrating I think they're the
ones who should benefit secondarily but
I do think the whole conversation on
mass immigration is interesting because
I don't hear people taking much concern
with the they take a lot of concern of
the cultural differences between Muslims
or people from Africa and Europeans or
Americans but they don't talk much about
the differences and the problems with
the differences between Western culture
and say Asian countries because I I am
engaged to a Korean man and the only
reason I mean I can be engaged to him is
because he doesn't he doesn't connect or
identify with Korean culture at all and
I think if he did we wouldn't be able to
be together for reasons that it's
extremely collectivist and conformist
it's it's very antithetical to many
Western values
such as individualism for example that
further and say we need to cut out all
the Asians no no I'm saying I'm saying
that not talking about about Asian the
very real problems in Asian culture and
how it differs from Western culture and
how important a lot of Asian people can
change Western culture in a bad way and
rather focusing on all the brown people
could come off as a dog whistle towards
leftist that you're all just a bunch of
rice it is a dog whistle to everyone
you're all basis because you're all
racists because you'd rather focus on
the brown people nonetheless brown
people I'm just saying you're racist but
I'm telling you what it comes off that
sometimes okay let's let's discuss that
for just one minute here because I think
that's an interesting point so I would
say the same thing to leftists who focus
on only white privilege and never
mention Asian privilege right there
seems to be this great ignoring of the
Asian question per se the reality is
though that Asians do typically don't
commit any crime how often do you see
Asian man shot in the streets for
attacking cops or whatever never happens
they typically contribute to the economy
I do think there is a cultural aspect to
it where they say they don't really
integrate either for involved we have we
have we have Chinese enclaves and
they're completely tight-knit in their
own communities they don't integrate
everyone talking so much about
integration why do you care about brown
integration so much and you don't even
care about you don't even talk about
Koreans I'm just saying my last two
videos I did exactly on this topic Asian
integration though so I I would disagree
with you I understand your a point that
people are focusing too much on maybe
one specific thing Islam because a lot
of terrorism is coming from there right
now which is giving a lot of media focus
but I disagree that people don't also
talk about the problem with no
integration from Asian immigrants
immigrants in the United States there
are many Muslim immigrants in the United
States who are extremely well integrated
and you know when you mentions it
because you're focused on people who
have been in Europe for three weeks
there's not really that many Muslim in
America it's like a 1% very small amount
of Muslims as 1% of people is 3 million
people in the United States I think the
other issue here is we're talking about
kind of an optics problem people
unfortunately have a lot to do with what
they see and so this issue it's kind of
coupled with the stuff we're talking
about before since a lot of Muslims most
Muslims are brown and we're talking
about the race problem it comes off as
racist but I think I don't think it's
because they're brown I think it's
because of the belief system and the
differences between the other reformed
religions that we've mentioned before
Christianity and Judaism have both been
reformed over time and we've got we've
got a more progressive future
future-proofing there but we get when
you talk about Muslims this is an
ancient antiquated system that just
doesn't doesn't work in America does it
clash us too much because like things we
mentioned before I agree with a lot of
things that nick said earlier I'm
probably not as religious myself I'm
virtually an atheist but I do still hold
