is it unusual to want to become a
lesbian anime girl after having read
Yuri as destiny ever said he has a
yellow fever why does destiny only date
white women what kind of signal does
that send to his audience does your
girlfriend slash wives incorporate your
semen in her food and what type of food
does she like to cook can you turn a GPU
into a CP hey is Nathan on your Amazon
account a few hours ago did you order
five nights at Freddy's five nights at
Freddy's - five nights at Freddy's 3
correct because I got like 20 emails
this morning of [ __ ] that got ordered
Dino hunters deadly Shores all right
dude kids if there's a way to find like
to buy something they'll [ __ ] figure
oh yeah when he was like 6 or 7 Oh Annie
figured I had a message me on twit here
that I haven't know how to send private
messages on Twitch what whine art what
is this there's so many dumb [ __ ]
memes I don't love it eating people are
actually gonna show up for this I mean a
guy showed up to the pizza gay place
with like a [ __ ] arrow 50 and right
oh he just ordered something else to
[Laughter]
psychopath hunt game if there's
everything bad not in [ __ ] Texas
right no way oh dude on the hunt the
receivers for the airf receives the
California I think I don't know I think
I complain about this one stream there's
like I can't do it normally you know how
you like hold like the gun oh is it a
pistol grip you're like not allowed to
have a pistol grip so they have to put
like some weird janky [ __ ] [ __ ] on
like the back of it to make it like
legal I went to a range I tried to turn
it back in I was like hey I asked for
ar-15 I don't know what this mutated
genetic [ __ ] [ __ ] is you have a real
[ __ ] Eric 15 here or what I don't
know if the [ __ ] is wrong with this
receiver that guy's like listen Doug my
Midwestern brother put his hand on my
shoulder and a single tear fell down his
face and that's what I find last
oh do they look like this yeah what you
just linked haha [ __ ] [ __ ]
this [ __ ] you have to have like this
[ __ ] - like [ __ ] your grip up and it's
so horribly [ __ ] uncomfortable it is
so garbage oh my god what the [ __ ] the
[ __ ] I always do with my kid when they
[ __ ] around like this is like listen I'm
sorry and they're like whoa whoa whoa
whoa my bad
if the red can only work so many times
and your kids like oh cool dad I guess
we're just gonna spend the whole day
together playing games then yeah what my
kids not like they don't really have a
concept with how much it costs at least
my kid doesn't at this points you're
like I think gonna have to sell the car
this is like I didn't budget but that's
still like holy [ __ ] oh my god there's
gonna be one less car now oh okay there
there's a turd right there there's turds
everywhere you understand there's a
[ __ ] dead cockroach on the ground
like this is not okay
another turd right over there like this
is just not how I want to live my life I
couldn't if I got like invited to a
place like this it was like a girls
hostel I'd have to get a hotel I
wouldn't be able to do it I just feel
like sorry I have to leave yeah I can
and then you don't know how many of
those boys have like dried like piss on
- cuz the dog could have just like peed
and like walked away like oh it's
[ __ ] disgusting I can't dude he's
still buying [ __ ] what's happening like
you could call Nathan right now talk to
him it'd be like listen you've spent so
much money like credit card down so
stuck in Hawaii now and he's like holy
[ __ ] are you serious he'd be like oh
that's cool does oh you have a link to
me it's a something that's not cool I
don't know that's a good-ass memeboys
there you go have a have a good ass me
you guys deserved one
you what say ye
yay okay say if you have one car going
north and another car going south right
yeah and there's another car going west
okay if he is following the law you'll
naturally try to turn right or he'll
naturally try to turn right after the
person going north because he got there
first way actually I should establish
the person going north got there for is
got there first the person going west
got there second the person going south
got there third if you follow the law
and the person going second doesn't see
the car going north I mean doesn't see
the wait [ __ ] I reversed it [ __ ] [ __ ]
this is the guy that does the animations
you know for the Duchess of Dragon stuff
oh okay let's get to the real a [ __ ]
okay the snack lists these are my
destiny vetted and approved primo
[ __ ] a or st ER snacks Cheetos flamin
Cheetos a that's an eight here these are
the best cookies that have ever existed
the e el fudge Double Stuf cookies don't
believe me because you haven't tried
them don't talk [ __ ] unless you've
actually tried them hi chew sticks chewy
fruit candies these are really good I
can destroy like a whole box of this
[ __ ] aurilla Oreos I just think these
are a classic a classic good nobody can
hit on Oreos okay
zebra cakes are also a classic nobody
can unzip our cakes
mm-hmm also these two cookies are hidden
okie cookies not as many people might
have tried him these Milano cookies and
then these are petite and clear cookies
sort of a Heather
Bucky pronounces these are hidden o P
cookies not everybody might know about
up there real [ __ ] good no way Chips
Ahoy can you ban that qez somebody
banned that guy Chips Ahoy for a best
cookie ever what have been any list
Chips Ahoy doesn't make any top lists I
hadn't a browser extension a while back
ago was called my waifu where like all
the anime loving people in my chat could
just like take your waifu like i don't
know what anime washington whatever bus
to say like for example like any osha i
don't that's one you know we're not here
but like
through fireballs at each other right
meant to have the big spiky hair um Dan
do a no but okay let's let's use a more
obvious let's say let's say [ __ ] no
I'm just [ __ ] I know an answer I'm
sure you're being a [ __ ] [ __ ] - I
was like yeah I didn't know I know I did
when I see Kagome on screen my sort
gross - I know the whole Hassan just me
drama
Dessie will make up with the Sun because
Hassan has clout he will make up with me
because I don't have clout that's my
prediction
oh god I want to play apex so badly it's
got rank I want to play so bad it's
killing the inside dude if you are late
by a microsecond they have [ __ ] mean
Jess I'm pretty sure they feel like
camouflage in the crown it will run out
- [ __ ] sake give me why [ __ ] that
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] college campuses
are literal [ __ ] Nazi [ __ ] not see
tears [ __ ] the Fuhrer must guide that
those parking and forces it's insane
dude oh my god movies you're saying like
parking on a campus look look the campus
parking cops are like or on your [ __ ]
what I'm saying is that if you are being
chased by a [ __ ] rapist and you need
to get a cop you as soon as [ __ ]
possible that if you could just drive a
car like slightly unto a curve in a
college campus [ __ ] parking a
forcible feeder in 30 seconds or less
and you'll get help
that's the badness the quickest lawn
poison response anywhere in the [ __ ]
world is an American college campus
because those ticket dudes are fight
dude I've like I've parked outside
they're like runnin and grab something
of a locker come out and I don't even
know how they wrote the ticket in time
I'll be out and I believe there's like
my home by VIN number and everything's
on the ticket I'm like dude I was in
that building for 25 seconds oh [ __ ] did
you even do this like Robocop is like
[ __ ] sliding down the street like
writing these tickets unbelievable I
don't think that takes away anything
from the matrix either but the second
and third movies are so much better than
the first though the first way haha lon
dude what is it is this Sennheiser my
headphones must be [ __ ] because they
just warped the [ __ ] out of oh I'm sorry
you don't even believe me if I tell you
what I thought I just heard I'm so sorry
one second let me play this again I
think my headphones were [ __ ] up the
second and third movies are so much
better than this tiny though the first
movie is still pretty good however
okay do you have a bucket list of like
things I'm gonna do before I die
nope if I did though the only thing on
my bucket list be your mom yo mama if
you're like really short as a guy it
probably sucks like it seems like
socially like we reinforce that a lot
I give you're like five for or less and
it seemed pretty shitty that people were
literally just like making fun of him
for it like everybody like 5/8 is not
short
my height is basically like the same as
like my political standing where I don't
get to fit in with anybody right people
know left hate me people on the right
hate me but as 5/8 I guess like
everybody in the internet says Ivan
troll or a no but if I were to go find
real people real short people in real
life they would kick me out because I
say you're not short it's way too tall
get out of here okay a vertical centrist
please wait okay hold on I got okay I'm
gonna ask you I'm gonna ask you a
superheated question okay okay do you
remember the portal question yes the
dropper mm this is more heated this is
more heated than the portal question
okay are you ready okay you're about to
either gain a lot of fans that lose a
lot of fans so be careful how you answer
this all right
mmm-hmm okay have you ever been it like
a backed-up like four-way stop before
like a four-way stop sign where it's
like traffic in all directions yeah when
you get to these intersections there's
one of two options one you get to the
intersection and then you try to figure
out like well who stopped first and then
that person is the right-of-way and then
you go by based on who stopped first or
- it just seems like the opposites are
always going so the guy in front of you
goes and you go then the guy to the left
and right go and on the front because of
the people that are like body blocking
the other intersections which do you
think tends to happen more if I pulled
up fourth and the guy coming straight
across towards me is going I'm gonna go
with him we're talking about we're
talking about a we're talking about do I
confess the wrong thing right now or did
I that's one hot ever sent how it works
that's my answer but everybody my chat
is gonna plug the pitch in for sure dude
oh yeah I also for the first time in my
life I went to a sauna oh my god it's
like 80 degrees Celsius I don't even
know what that is in Fahrenheit but it's
like you sit there and like if you move
your arm back and forth it hurts because
it feels like you're getting burned by
the air holy [ __ ]
there are some saunas at 90 some sort of
100 yeah it'd be too much there are some
Sun is at 600 see II used to be popular
in Germany pip oh dude
Miami is [ __ ] insane I don't know if
I'm racist or what but oh my god dude
Hispanic people driving on [ __ ]
highway 1 Miami that [ __ ] is a [ __ ]
nightmare those [ __ ] are crazy
like in LA there's a lot of traffic and
it sucks I'm using white this is what
I'm talking about
this is what I'm talking about this is
what I've had to sound me multiple times
so remember what we just talked about
like you pull out into the intersection
to make a left turn right and you're
waiting there to make a left turn for to
clear and and Miami people will pull out
in front of you while you're doing that
to turn it yeah we'll be in the middle
of the intersection way to look and so
we'll pull in front of you to turn what
you're like what the [ __ ] does happen or
sometimes this is happening we make sort
of God you might be in the middle lane
about to go straight and then the light
turns green and a student is a turns
green the guy to the left of you floors
it because he's trying to turn right so
he'll get in front of you / - oh yeah
know that it is quite it's crazy people
in Miami drive like [ __ ] crazy it is
on blades on another level it's another
level of drug it's like GTA [ __ ] oh ok
guys I love you fun fun Ripper in a
cappuccino public you know how between
on opportunity definition Oh cappuccino
opportunity know my duderinos ok I love
you all stay safe be careful peace out
guys
[Music]
