hey what's up I'm here finally hey yeah
it only took what six days thought it
would never happen but six days that
they're gonna get pretty good for some
time for me actually so but I talked in
your online chats like three or four
times and everyone said it was never
gonna happen so you know you are you
beat the odds
so hmm yeah so uh thank you for having
me on
um I am a college student and I am
interviewing you for a UH and I say in
my English class okay so you did look at
this like um no I I'm actually a
computer science major but I take
writing like very very seriously it's
something I would absolutely love to
pursue as like a sort of you know like
side thing okay um I'm sitting at 105
percent in class right now it's how try
hard I'm being so Wow
yeah so that's why I was shooting for
the stars with this is because like I
feel like everyone in my class is gonna
be like interviewing like oh this is my
dad this is what he does you know and
stuff like that you have world famous
alright yes a YouTube influencer yeah
alright well here do you know how close
I came to writing about mr. mood and
instead cool okay I keep a hundred five
percent that's not the way to do it so
uh as I said in my like little write-up
that I sent you
I know most of the answers to like let's
sway with the ages of questions six
pages
okay it was five oh yeah so I I know a
lot of the questions too like some of
the simple stuff but this is mostly me
like being thorough and you know I want
to give you a fresh take on it so like
for example uh can you tell us how you
got the name destiny I saw a video the
other day that I don't think you could
even play on switch it was a pretty bad
wait why did I yeah I know my answer
this is pretty tame I was just like a
random word that I picked and I was like
a kid I thought it sounded cool you
talked to how you used to be a neo
Winstar well the first name that I ever
had on line was winged neo star 15 so
winged because I liked Gundam Wing neo
because it sounded like a cool word and
then star because I really liked
astronomy and then 15 because that was
the age of all the Gundam pilots and
Gundam Wing that was my first online
name and then when I started to go
online and like battled Aneta [ __ ] I
needed a smaller name and I think I
don't even know how I just chose destiny
or neo destiny and destiny wasn't
available
yeah okay cuz I just sounded like a cool
word hmm
so uh can you give us a sort of like
condensed you know where you were born
you know who you are what you wanted to
be when you grew up as a child that sort
of thing um well I mean I was born in
Omaha the great state of Nebraska the
great City of Omaha I think and I think
yeah well maybe I was born in like a
suburb it's I know but like yeah but
anyway basically yeah I was born round
here I do that [ __ ] what like I went to
school around here in Catholic school
for 12 years in terms of what I wanted
to be when I grew up I wanted to be all
sorts of stuff I had huge interests and
pretty much everything scientific I was
very interested in so I had like a huge
interest in like biology from video
games I had a huge interest at astronomy
from video games a computer related
stuff with stuff that I was very
interested in well obviously cuz I did a
lot of that growing up so yeah I'm gonna
hit a ton of different interest I don't
know exactly what I wanted to be I'm
sure if you would have asked me every
six months my answer would have changed
but oh yeah I was the same way I totally
get that
so uh we all know that you wound up
going to college for music when did that
sort of an interest first blossom when I
went to high school for some random
reason oh no wasn't for random reason I
watched Cowboy Bebop growing up and
there were songs that I really liked in
cowboy bebop and I was like oh it'd be
cool to like play music I guess and I
started really late I guess for to the
other kids but once I had my freshmen
your high scores like hey like I should
talk to the band teacher like pickin
history and I could play his friend and
then we went through and I played some
B's like oh yeah you can play a tax like
oh cool the cowboy be able to have
saxophone it's like yeah yeah okay
I'm sorry yes I started yeah oh wait no
that's just how I got in music I guess
so I started playing music in high
school and then music evolved as a way
that I can kind of like emotional
express myself which is something I have
a hard time doing otherwise so I just
started once I got out of high school I
wanted to pursue in college because it
was like one of my big big big passions
right okay um so you are Steven Bunnell
ii correct and is that yeah besa means
that you're not a junior so have you
ever spoken about who you're named after
my dad
mmm really right why are you a second
Lana not a junior um he didn't want to
be referred to as Steven but I'll senior
I got it okay I said that simple yep
I think he thought it made him sound old
or something but yeah mmm yeah okay that
makes sense so you've also spoken about
working at a casino and things like that
did you have any jobs other than that or
was that your first job and right after
that it was industry my first job was
working Hedda McDonald's and then I
started to move up in positions at
McDonald's - a [ __ ] what do they call
them does anybody work in I think it'll
help team leads so I was like trying to
get to a position where I could be a
like eventually like a shift leader and
then a supervisor I think was the next
step I think maybe when team lead to
supervisors I think but um well I was
Ricky McDonald's I had a really bad
experience with the customer but I'm
like a super chill dude and I handled it
in a super chill way because I'm like
it's very very hard to get me upset
I guess I'm lesson playing League of
Legends or debating people right like
every and the real world in real life
it's very hard to get me upset I'm an
incredibly patient person I'm so [ __ ]
patient you have no idea if you see me
talk to certain people like people
should have this understand I'm a pretty
brazen prison but anyway after dentists
customer the next person in line
happened to be a supervisor at that
casino and she was like hey like you
were really chill like you should you
know come work and I'll give you a good
recommendation that's like oh well
that's pretty sick so sure and then I
applied for the casino and then she gave
me a recommendation and then I started
working there for the next I think three
or four years and then after I was done
at that job I got a job cleaning carpets
and because I was always next for me I
guess yeah and then I did that for about
a year and then I got into streaming
mm-hmm so uh as you spoke to a little
bit you tend to portray yourself as like
you know pretty combative and abrasive
on stream is there a reason why you
chose that sort of persona or did it
just kind of come naturally to you I've
always been like a very I don't know if
these are like real things in psychology
but like is it type-a personality mm-hmm
thank ya that mean anything to you and I
say that or no oh yeah yeah oh yeah I've
always had like a pretty aggressive
personality I think it's I don't know
why it's just kind of always the way
from an early
that I've been mmm yeah so okay I get
any bit of research not SuperDuper deep
but uh I'll go into some of those
questions
so you actually spoke about this
recently and this was something I
remembered and wanted to ask you about
you sit at a pretty interesting point as
a streamer where others saw you know
sort of like explosive and instinct
growth your growth has been pretty
steady over time more interesting than
that though to me is despite having you
know like 1/4 the audience in some cases
of some of the more popular streamers
you tend to make as much if not more
than some of them why do you think that
is I mean there's a lot of reasons for
that my I would say that my fan base is
like very loyal to me um you know like
they watch me pretty much no matter what
I do I think a lot of people kind of
personally identify with me for a lot of
different reasons so I mean obviously if
assuming all of what I've just said is
true your conversion is gonna be high
around different types of like
monetizable products right whether it's
obscure merchandise and stuff like that
right so uh you went to a private
religious school how deep have you
talked about that on stream I'm gonna
have to mention it a few times I'm yeah
I'm not sure if there's other parts of
the experience that are like haven't
talked about anything else talking about
most things but what about is it is
something that when I like looked up
like I couldn't find very much
information about it so you know you
consider yourself an atheist correct
very much yeah yeah I've seen like kind
of throw around being a agnostic but
yeah and you definitely alright I mean I
guess yeah I would say gonna be an
agnostic yeah yes if somebody were to
provide me like evidence of the
existence of God obviously I would be
competing to listen to it so I'm sure
it's right I can be an agnostic shame um
so was this a discovery that happened
like while you were at that school or
was it just something that's happened
over time I wouldn't say so much is a
discovery so much is just kind of like
personal growth like anybody I think
that's kind of honest with themselves
well mm oh hold on I'll set it up yeah
but I feel like anybody that uh-huh
that's kind of mean to say but anybody
that does enough like personal growth
will eventually abandon at the very
least organized religion but right yeah
it's kind of malice a bit yeah I mean I
think I'd probably agree with you so I
get where you're coming from okay so uh
Kyle he's one of your longtime friends
did you meet him at this school or was
it before that no we met at a well we
met in grade school oh yeah hmm and he
introduced you to Starcraft correct Kyle
and Frank did yeah yeah so how was your
relationship with them like growing up
where they like your best buddies or
were they just kind of like around and
got you into things
um at school Kyle was probably my
closest friend I think
and then um yeah and then and then
outside of school Chris was my closest
friend you lived behind me for a few
years so in terms of getting into things
I mean Kyle and Frank with once it
really got me to Starcraft and then I
kind of like took over my interests from
there I don't think other people
introduced me into stuff as much I kind
of like just I kind of like did my own
thing on the internet right right so uh
you've mentioned doing debate back at
when you're in school is that correct
no no so well let me yeah I like I dated
people but I never did like formal
debate but okay yeah yeah that was
unclear to me yeah I saw you mentioning
that you did it but I wasn't sure if
like your own like the debate team or
whatever you know no and in recent times
you've brought up wanting to be more
persuasive
do you think that because your time at
private school or at like rather your
because of your time debating people at
school that's what led to you focusing
on logic rather than emotion or was it
sort of like oh is this more of a
response to like modern debates I'm not
sure um hold on I'm sorry uh one second
one second oh okay yeah okay go for it
I'm here 100% no okay okay um what was
the last question you just asked me yeah
so I asked you about doing debate back
at school and you said you did but not
like as part of like a debate team or
anything
and then I asked do you think it's
because of your time like expressing
like your interest in debate at private
school that caused you to develop your
focus on logic rather than emotion
maybe so this is kind of like the path
that had that happened to me in high
school I don't have like an interest per
se in like debate it's not like like
like I want to be like a tomato or
whatever or like oh I really like the
art style that is the debate like the
blah blah blah right it's more just like
in school I started to become an atheist
as I kind of became a religious right
eyes as I lost my Christianity I kind of
became religious and one way that I kind
of because I had kind of like um I hate
using type-a I feel like I'm like you
know memes psyche or whatever here but
like because I had like such an
aggressive kind of personality um I kind
of had this feeling that um in order for
me to like really know which ideas are
the best I just want to like [ __ ]
debate them like I want it I want to my
goal is like I should be able to go to a
person and I should be able to like talk
to that person and if we're somewhat
reasonable we should come to an
agreement on things and that I want to
talk to as many people as possible and
then if I can if nobody can like put up
a good argument against what I'm saying
then I must be right so it's kind of
like I just have this idea that like I'm
gonna make sure that my ideas are
correct by constantly disagreeing with
everybody around me and then if nobody's
capable of like mounting what I consider
to be an effective kind of like attack
or defense against a certain idea I have
then that idea must be true and so
that's kind of where like my my debating
or whatever that kind of mentality is
what produced this idea that like I want
to have arguments with people all the
time yeah basically is a way of
verifying my own internal thoughts yeah
so do you find yourself then opting to
challenge your like positions more as
opposed to like just playing devil's
advocate with yourself I like
challenging my positions with other
people like yeah my um basically the way
that I view it is like if I go to like a
Kiwi farms thread or a 4chan thread and
everybody and there was just calling me
like a pedophile or some [ __ ] my
arguments are all very very very public
like if they had something good to say
they would be saying it in those threads
they'd be laughing on my misuse of data
they but instead they don't so I feel
good about that so yeah I like my idea
my way of like seeing if my ideas are
good basically
be able to insert myself into a
community of people that hate me and
once all of the arguments have devolved
into ad Homs or something then I can be
reasonably complimented that you know
I'm obviously yeah my [ __ ] is good
because nobody or anything of substance
to say to me yeah that's fair yeah so
you kind of got to the point where you
think that people resort to those sorts
of attacks because they just can't
attack you your actual argument itself
right correct yeah okay um let's see uh
so yeah okay that's interesting to me
because I thought for sure I liked
debate with something you explored like
all throughout your schooling so it's
interesting to find out that it was just
kind of like yeah it was like let's
argue a lot and because I feel like I
should be right and we'll see if you
change my mind
yeah yeah okay so uh so yeah moving on
to a college you went to school for
music but wound up dropping out so uh
why did you wind up dropping out I was
working away too much I was working like
60 hours a week at a casino and I was
working graveyard shift so between that
school and being married I didn't have
time for anything okay and then uh did
you have any because I always thought
that you had a major for like why I
don't know how music degree majors work
but um I assumed it was for like a very
specific instrument or something yeah
well I think my major was called
woodwind performance so my major would
have been in playing saxophone and then
I would have wanted to be a with a minor
in composition whatever my goal okay and
then uh so yeah so what you would have
wound up just like what joining um
what's the word an orchestra or
something with your degree I wanted to
do music on my own it's like a side
thing I didn't want to be like part like
an orchestra or some [ __ ] okay so a real
quick case there's a stickler -
saxophone sound an orchestra also I
would be like as part of a woman's
always something in case oh yeah yeah I
don't much for boat yeah that's my music
so yeah just in case some stickler calls
me okay
sorry good yeah so uh are your parents
still visiting or yeah no they're gone
yeah so you've spoken about you know
debating with your mom like all the time
and very very rarely you mentioned that
you have siblings but um I feel like
I've never heard you talk about them in
depth why is that um I don't know I'm
very well
they all look pretty far away hmm so
then you would say like your
relationship with a siblings is pretty
weak or very very weak yeah for sure
okay so this is something you you've
cleared the air out pretty well on but I
I felt like you know this was worth
bringing up again you know it might make
its way into that say you've spoken out
about one of your friends committing
suicide in the past he's someone who
came to you and the advice you gave him
was something that people find pretty
controversial do you ever regret what
you saw do you think the advice I gave
him was um well you said that like you
didn't outright say like you know good
don't do it you know like you kind of
gave them an on defense like look it's
your life it's your decision that sort
of let me be very clear about this
because this should think it's memed
into [ __ ] eternity so let me give you
like very clear on this so initially
when he contacted me and he said that he
felt like he wanted to kill himself I
said it was the dumbest thing in the
world and they absolutely shouldn't all
of the conversations that we had
revolved around me giving him reasons
why he shouldn't kill himself that I
thought he was a really intelligent dude
that even though he was kind of like
[ __ ] his life up well he wasn't
[ __ ] psycho but his big problem was
that um he had basically been hit for
dealing weed he's sold to an auto cover
and he had nothing in his life he didn't
like go to school he stole of his mom he
couldn't drive a car whatever but I told
him that like despite that like he could
figure [ __ ] out I would help him with
the fine or whatever and that you know
like he's not like he shouldn't kill
himself like this times he should the
when now I phrased this in different
ways and videos spending on how deep I
want to get into it but like because I
know like I think in one video I might
have said something along the lines like
well I mean if you want to do it like go
for it but that wasn't my conversation
with him you know right I could have a
log of the text but it's not like a mess
where he's like you know dude like I
feel like I wanna come so I'm like lol
[ __ ] do it dude like that wasn't that
caught that wasn't the conversation but
the the internal struggle and something
