this is why I got popular is because I
filled a void that none of you were able
to do it so all you've done here yeah
shut the [ __ ] up what you've done here
is you've made me oh [ __ ] hey what's up
hey
my duders okay let's have some ground
rules before we before we start let's
set some ground rules okay number one
every analogy I use is clear and
purposeful if you don't understand it
well you think it doesn't apply please
correct me immediately and I will
explain why I believe it applies if
you'd think that what I'm using is
bizarre or you think it doesn't fit then
don't engage with it tell me why you
doesn't think you don't think it fits
and we'll either find another analogy or
I'll explain why it does that's rule
number one
rule number two if I use a word that is
too big for you or you think that I'm
trying to obfuscate or cause confusion
about a point then tell me
do not hide behind this idea that I use
big words to make things sound confusing
literally one of the largest strengths
that I have as a streamer over my 9
years of doing this is that I am
incredibly good at breaking down
complicated topics in ways that
everybody can understand it is literally
my number one strength would you say
that you can break them down break down
the perfunctory manner in which our
general malaise is honest to god I don't
know what malaise means what is that
like your day-to-day living or whatever
so you're you have better words than us
but you don't know that word I'm not the
one that's claiming that I have better
words than you you're the one that said
that I hide behind you just can't here's
some ground rules you must understand
that I have big words and I use them so
in the video that you made were you
pretended to be me you literally gave
one of the strong message ok I'm sorry
it's not just me you just put on a
hoodie to look like me and you literally
copied my background and we're imitating
getting twitch bits for saying things
maybe it wasn't supposed to be me but
for some reason I think a lot of people
will walk away from that video with the
impression that you're probably kind of
like showing some of my talking points I
think that's a fair assessment ok oh I'm
using your talking points though well no
I'm contesting right now talking points
no I'm saying that you are claiming
these are my talking points I don't
believe these are my talking points I
believe these are highly idealized super
strawman
versions of mine talking points and
we'll walk through them alright let's go
okay cool well I only made it about 25
minutes the way through the video I
don't have health insurance coverage so
I'm too scared to watch the rest so
we'll just go over the the first half
plus cuz I will probably now we're gonna
make it through half of this but that's
fine okay so I noticed in the beginning
so okay and also please hold on you
disagree with something I say don't run
away from all your points and then take
20 showers to think of the perfect
response and then make another video
shooting on me later you disagree say
you know or you can say it now that you
disagree and make a video shooting I
mean but please don't [ __ ] out of all
of your points and then make a video
later be like oh well this is everything
you said it was so stupid so wrong you
know there are three of you here I don't
know of lucid foxes participating if I
say something dumb between all your
brains combined you should be able to
figure it out and tell me why I'm wrong
about something or give me some of you
think about okay I don't think I'm
smarter than all of you combined even
though you'd seem to think I think of
myself as a highly intellectual big
brain person but so just just come in
here and say like ground rules I know
big words no I set that as a ground
we'll be cruel because I noticed that a
lot of the times when I talk to people
that end up having [ __ ] arguments you
all hide behind the same set of excuses
you guys did it the Nazis do it the dumb
centrist to it where you say oh that
making an excuse up front though saying
like your arguments are so good because
you have good words no I'm sorry let me
hold on let me back up and say this way
slower because I say we're already
getting lost okay if you disagree with
an argument or if you think I'm using
language to cause confusion about a
particular point tell me you don't get
don't don't get confused my point I make
now and then later say oh destiny just
hides behind big words when he debates
because a lot of people do that a lot of
people walk away they say oh he used
debate tactics oh he used big words that
is not true I like people say yeah go
ahead you're saying that other people do
a thing that I'm not going to do no
you've already done this in your videos
this is the point you've already you're
taking problem that you have with other
people I like I'm not going to complain
about your language at all I have a good
book then why in your video did you say
big words Fitz donation haha because you
do realize that you're valid
your audience who does also have big
words right no that's the point so okay
so then you do admit that it's a claim
that you made about me why did you just
say that it wasn't about me and then say
that will you do this for your audience
which one is it you have to pick one ah
like what do you want like what answer
do you want so are you accusing me of
using big words to make my arguments
more confusing because my audience can
follow I'm saying you use big words
because your audience likes it that's
not really a big deal I don't think do
you think that I use big words to
intentionally muddy the waters or do you
think I just used basically then why
would you include it as an argument
ation against me if you just think I use
big words why would you put that in a
video unless you thought that I was
doing in an illegitimate manner when you
present that alongside a ton of other
arguments that you perceive as
illegitimate you think it's pretty easy
for me to see that oh he says I say big
word like if I were to go up to someone
it's like oh that dude he's a Nazi he's
a pedophile he's a child abuser he's a
clown somebody would probably look at a
tiger like well what the [ __ ] is wrong
with clowns like well nothing's wrong
with the clowns I decided to list it
alongside all those other negative
traits right yeah you don't think that I
could read out as you say that I you
know using big words it's a lot like
being a pedophile hmm okay let me let me
let me extract this and okay
this is great we're at our first analogy
okay if I'm describing some thing some
object and I say hey here's trait a B C
and D and all of those traits
universally negative and then I say he
also has trait E
do you think it would be fair to assume
he is probably negative like the other
listed traits or do you think that I
shouldn't assume that at all well I'm
not sure exactly what the point here is
okay let me try it one more time that's
okay don't mind slowing down sure yeah
I'll do it with three with three
examples let's say that I say that let's
say somebody goes like Oh what do you
think as person I go oh you know I don't
like that person
they have trait a B and C let's say that
a and B are very negative traits and
then C is like hmm we would probably
assume that C is a negative trait as
well because it's listed alongside okay
so when you tell me all when you make a
video and you present all of these
horrible things about the points I'm
making and you also say Andy says big
words kind of seems like you're accusing
me of just saying big words
- mighty the waters I'm not doing any
legitimate - don't think that it's funny
that I said that what I'm talking about
whether it's funny or not we're talking
about whether it's a valid attack on my
position right it's not from my point of
view I think I think what you're going
for destiny is maybe not understanding
the performative nature of the video
where he's trying to do it more for like
I sense a parody than a like actually my
disease right like okay can you identify
so that we don't waste any time okay cuz
we've already begun the backpedaling
that's fine
can you identify what other arguments
are used in this video just for comedy
so that I don't have to waste my time
addressing them you guys holy [ __ ] what
a waste of my time oh my god
tell me which arguments are about the
means and the jokes now so that I'll
have to waste my time addressing them or
is that the only way every time that I'm
on screen that is the comedy elements of
it and every time I'm off screen I'm
addressing something that has nothing to
do with you okay so every time so your
arguments about whether or not I'm
saying people are stupid or people can't
deal with facts or the people that just
you do okay some aggregate there are a
lot of so we're okay hold on okay so
let's back I'm gonna have a question are
you saying that this video doesn't
target me specifically
Aloha definitely then why are you saying
it's an aggregate when it's the example
that you're trying to counter the
seventy workers who are white versus 30
workers are black is literally an
example from one of my debates so oh
yeah it was from our debate because I
just I went into my other arguments with
that because I think it's silly okay so
in some ways it is about me it's not
just an aggregate you've chosen me as
the focal figure to the aggregate yes
that's no no no no no that's not how
that that sentence that you just made
no that sentence that you just made i
dono that sentence you just made doesn't
make sense if I see a black guy walk
into my store and I say I'm gonna arrest
you for stealing and he goes whoa I
don't stay on I go well statistically
speaking black people still more than
white people and you go whoa that's not
fair to group me in with the aggregate
and I go huh you're part of the
aggregate buddy that's not how that
works right yes that is exactly the same
saying you're telling me exactly you are
both you are both specifically so you
have both think that the context of that
is worth comparing to the context of
what I just setup that's ridiculous oh
okay what that's great
let me go ahead and explain why so you
are specifically putting me as a figure
that you're targeting okay you've done
it by using my analogies and by using an
image of me that is literally arguing
against what comedy is dude I exaggerate
okay okay wait okay that's funny that's
great then let's back up again okay
that's awesome
so can we go back to the other thing I
said tell me which parts of this video
I'm not supposed to take seriously this
is like the Trump defense tell me which
parts of this video are just comedy so
we don't have to waste time arguing
about them okay you're literally using a
steven crowder are the image of yourself
then okay what you need to do then why
are you using that image of myself to
launch a legitimate counter-argument
what are you doing right now what are
you doing right now with me what are you
doing you are literally talking to your
audience filled with 4,500 people and
you're you're literally giving me
attention that was the point you figured
it out so the whole video is just a meme
for attention you don't actually believe
in any of the lefty [ __ ] hey listen
if you admit that [ __ ] then you know
what amen brother if you want to tell me
because literally that's this is
actually so meta because you accuse me
in your video of drifting but in reality
you're the grifter you just do it for
[ __ ] memes is that what is that
what's going on yes I know how to use
you because I know exactly what you do
you literally troll around on Twitter
all [ __ ] day trying to find [ __ ] that
you think people are gonna get angry
about and then you bring it onto your
stream and then you get people angry and
then you you bring online you put them
on to your screen you're like oh but
what's this what's this and then you try
to put on the best person the best view
of it the best idea of it and you know
what
lots of people concede because it's
actually usually a rational position
okay engine I have lost jobs okay I have
lost positions in corporations no no no
no because you're accusing you're
accusing the least grifting person in
the world of grifting right now like and
that's you say that i troll twitter but
when i brought you on here when i
brought you on here to not accepting
that premise when i brought you on here
to talk okay let's wait okay go ahead
and put go ahead and find a twitter take
that I've given finally Twitter take the
that I've given you could disagree I'm
not listening to it okay I'm not
listening to it okay it's [ __ ]
you know it's [ __ ] you wait which
part is [ __ ] I want you to find what
if my Twitter takes it you don't think
I'll defend right now I'll do it Oh
we'll wait I'll wait twenty minutes all
three of you can go and search my
Twitter and find one [ __ ] take that
I've given you don't think I'll defend
dude yeah I don't think that you're
saying things you don't believe I think
that you're saying things in the most
spicy way you can in order to bring
other people in that would be angry at
it but the difference is the difference
is the difference is between me and you
is that when people come on to my
platform to attack me about what I've
said on Twitter I'll defend every single
thing I said but you're sitting here oh
there's just
it was comedy dude it was just a joke it
was just comedy man you've already
backed that hello you're back pilling
off of your shower argument how can you
even do that it's like a hypothetical
backpedal off of arguments I haven't
even really happened no dude so like
there shouldn't be like Saturday Night
Live there shouldn't be like The Daily
Show those things shouldn't exist
because like if you phrase something in
a manner that is slightly exaggerated or
E or in a manner that isn't exactly what
exactly the thing that you mean it's not
about being exact it's not about being
exactly the same as my argument it's
about totally missing the character of
my argument you totally miss
characterizing it and you're missing the
essence of every single thing I'm
harnessing the character of of like the
character that it's all comedy none of
it is real and I shouldn't take any
point seriously out of all of this no
that's not true you should take it
seriously what you shouldn't take it
seriously in the way that you're taking
it seriously
okay sorry tell me Trump how am I
supposed to take this seriously you
should take this seriously as yes this
is something that is not necessarily the
worst thing in the world for me this is
not a personal attack I'm not I'm not
actually coming at you as though I
didn't say it was the worst thing in the
world for me okay none of this hurts me
or damages know you're I'm acting like I
have a set of Google Docs dude you're
literally you're acting as though this
is an important thing in your life it's
not it is this is my job this has been
my trip for nine years I care about what
I talk about yeah I did it was not your
job people that respond to my positions
in critical ways require me to
critically analyze them and politics is
probably like the majority of why no no
no and so yeah to some extent this kind
of pundit read whatever you call it is
my job
okay cool then we're both doing her job
right now don't hide behind it and say
it's just comedy these are this is what
we do for work okay so like what I just
said was not this is not look like
you're arguing with something that I
didn't say wait which what did I just
argue with it you didn't say you just
said don't hide behind it saying it's
just calm you literally when I'm
pointing out this drama in my job what
are you talking about hold on I am
pointing out the straw man arguments
using the video to represent my position
you tell me well those strong hands
don't count they're just comedy and I'm
now I'm accusing you hiding behind no
they count you're more than welcome to
refute them but like you're coming at me
like I'm really making a very very tight
ride to refute them earlier you told me
that I could not about turf they don't
occupy the same space and I don't give a
[ __ ] about her I don't know that you
mean by that when I tried to attack one
of your points earlier you hid behind
the idea that it was comedy you told me
oh well the big words part that was just
a joke so my next question was asking
you you did come in here and literally
set ground rules about you big [ __ ]
words dude I didn't set ground rules
about my big words I said ground rules I
know the ground rules that I said here
you literally in your video accuse me oh
my god why could you just acting like
this the first time we talked
instead of like leaving your little
comedy really have you again you saw a
lot of things before we talked that suck
and guess what when you came on you ran
away from every single book that's why
even right now you can't point out a
single [ __ ] tweet that I've made that
you disagree with because you know that
you can't disagree than anything on
substance that's what you make a dumb
little bit
with all your cute little [ __ ] straw
man that's something I do I do I do that
on my Twitter you use [ __ ] like you
okay you use Spurgin okay I have said
sparking before I try not to but for the
most part I don't really think I use
ablest slurs on Twitter techies I'm I
tried really hard to stop over the past
years have I don't do I use like
[ __ ] or autistic on my Twitter I
really don't think I do
I meant of like once or twice in the
past like year or two but I don't think
I do that very often I mean it's wow
that's like a really bad point like even
a liberal use aspect that's not his
offense for good okay that's the reason
I brought that up is it's an easy one to
remember I can't [ __ ] keep track of
your [ __ ] Twitter all day dude okay
so we have nothing on Twitter that I've
said that we actually agree with other
than a ton appeal to maybe I've said
able of slurs before which I don't know
here we go my problem is just it like
this is a problem that I have and I ran
into the same things with you all right
right is that people come on in this
like Oh everything you say is so wrong
and LLL inform it's like okay well if
you actually have that opinion of me I'm
curious what position do I have that
like you feel like I don't have
information I don't have a good opinion
on and then nothing it's always nothing
basically you there's this character I'm
just a big big boogeyman in your head
that just comes out as it's like evil
hateful monster that has nothing of
substance a but then when you try to
engage with everything I turn into like
this Shadow Warrior that becomes
untouchable somehow like you can't say
like I'm not like a singer you really
think that everything you've said here
is that good I haven't said anything of
substance here yet no we even started
talking yet okay so what substance do
you want to talk about I wanted to talk
about your video I thought that's what
we were here for but now you're telling
me how if the video is comedy so it's
not worth the traps thing so I'm not
sure what we're talking about
okay sure okay you want to talk about
which things specifically or parody in
you in the comedy oh yes you do use big
words you came and you literally said
that like you came in and literally made
an example of that thing I know that's
not I came in here and I said that if
you think I'm using big words if you
think I'm using a sneaky you doing the
thing that I literally [ __ ] like just
saying the words big words to make fun
of people who use big words to sound
smart is the
same thing as you coming in here and
saying ground rule guys if I use big
words and it confuses you know are you
are you nuts
are you absolutely actually nuts it's
wait hold on wait this surfs
do you think he's correct or okay hold
on I want to present this argument hold
on I need to present this argument to
you and then you can yeah I'm gonna
trust on you to moderate this at a fair
and unbiased manner
okay sure or a wait or a lucid are you
the moderator [ __ ] or IVA is in chat she
can come in here and moderate this okay
I trust Eva if she wants to they [ __ ]
they [ __ ] okay they can come here
moderate if they wanted to okay okay so
okay so here's my general thing okay so
one of the one of the caricatures that
that Peter made of me in his video is
that he said Oh big words like I use big
words to make arguments confusing or
whatever so when I came in here now this
is one of my big triggers because people
will do this after performing not as
well in a conversation with me well
afterwards they'll take to Twitter go Oh
Destin uses debate tactics and big words
and talks over Cabala so usually when I
come into a conversation and you can go
back and look at everyone I'm a debates
I usually go hey if I ever use an
analogy that doesn't make sense if I'm
talking too much if you feel like I'm
giving you if I'm saying big words then
go ahead and stop me tell me if
something doesn't make sense and we will
clarify and so that's that's Peter
saying yeah go ahead but I'll explain to
you coming into a conversation without
maybe for me myself not knowing that
right it sounds a little condescending
it sounds like oh sure if you if you
don't know the reference
I agree but so the reference is and
Peter should know this in Peters video
when he's making fun of me as a
character one of the things he goes is
oh and here's big words haha so that I
can win the argument I just use big
words so that's what I mean I just said
the words big words and then I did a bit
shirt but that's the implication is that
I'm just using big words to win an
argument without actually knowing what
they mean or having not necessarily to
win an argument cuz you were arguing you
hadn't brought me onto the screen like
okay it's to jerk myself off it's the
circle jerk it's to look good yeah sure
so so what I did when I came in here is
I set the ground roll by say something
that sounds like a big word or something
that you have a problem with stop me
immediately and then we can have a
conversation about it rather than later
taking to twit
oh he just used to be qward 'he's to try
to confuse me I think that's a fair way
to start a conversation so that I don't
get accused of this later
again like I do by so many people but
you literally came in and you said
ground rules guys if I use big words
that are too big to understand and you
did say something akin to that yeah
absolutely say if I use words that are
too big to understand which is a means
to dress the people that you're dressing
down I'm being a bit condescending sure
but it's in response to your video
saying I just use big words to sound
smart well I think my condescension is
warranted I mean you literally flip when
you come in what are you are you [ __ ]
back to the future now did you know that
I would come into this conversation
doing and that's what you loaded the
point in your [ __ ] video what what do
you mean you can't use my feet
you can't yes I do do it all the time I
go into a conversation starting and I
say if I use an analogy that confuses
you if I use a term that confuses you
and I even do the same time I even grant
this in right pwnage this is why I start
out debate saying when somebody says
like oh like I'm a narco intersexuals
communist okay so whoops what do you
mean by a narco that I'm saying that
when you make fun of that the
implication is that I try to win
arguments just by using big words in an
illegitimate fashion so if you're going
to make that claim about me you of
course I'm gonna push back against
that's not the implication the
implication is that you're using big
words because it makes you look better
it has nothing to do with an argument or
a debate it's literally just making fun
of people who use big words
this is like so reductionist and a
distinction without like without like
that's because you're arguing with
comedy dude
okay so it yes comedy has points it
makes points but at the same time it
exaggerated s' those points to make
people laugh so what is the original
point that I just use big words to sound
smart and the point is that many people
use words to sound like they're smart
and you are one of those people okay
well then let me go ahead and clarify my
original ground rule if you think I'm
using a big word to sound smart
then stop me right after the big word
and I'll use a smaller word so that I'm
not trying to sound smart is that fair
okay you're just saying right there is
hey I need to use smaller words to
appeal to you who are apparently stupid
apparently if you accuse me of using big
words then yeah I'm a three year music
school dropout if I'm using words that
are too big for you then [ __ ] math I
don't
dog you aren't you like a book author
Association you represent yourself a
certain way it has nothing to do with
what I can and can't understand okay
well if I use if I use big words and a
bad way tell me and I'll stop using big
or I'll find other big words there is
that okay
is that not condescending because I
think you guys are getting caught up you
think like yes the jokes do make a point
like I intend to make a point but like
at the same time like there's only so
many ways that you can actually bring it
down to a real point like sure here
okay wait can lucid alright I thought he
was the moderator I can uh well so
here's the thing you guys are arguing
about semantics right now right yeah I
can definitely understand that like sure
like the the comments shouldn't have
been made it felt condescending great
where do we get to from here okay sure
what is yes so Willie's understanding
destiny of the video well I wanted to
just walk I mean like the most of the
points most of the arguments are
presented in a highly reductionist
manner that totally missed the point of
everything I'm saying and then some of
the factual argument are brought up
later are either horrendously
mischaracterize or done in a poor
fashion or they're just factually
incorrect sure okay but I want lucid Fox
to moderate because I want serfs to help
Peter cuz he's gonna need it in this
conversation that's why I don't want
serfs moderating I want him to be
available to help okay so you understand
what you're doing then what you have to
like you're being made fun of for doing
that that's the whole video the video is
making fun of me for the amount of you
that's in the video okay that's great
then you're gonna make me look like a
joke in this conversation that's great
let's start okay okay are you ready war
one okay that's great
all right are you ready to go down the
everybody to go down the list of all the
of the strong men claims you make
against me and then we can talk about
them all if you want okay sure
okay so the first point that you bring
up I'll try to do my impression of your
impression of me okay democracy would be
great if only people were smart right I
think that's about accurate so I mean
that's okay so my general point on this
you actually completely agree with and
you echo throughout the rest of the
video that people generally don't have
the wherewithal to make good decisions
democratically because they could be
misled by corporations
my government figures my auto because
they can be misled but because the
environments entirely controlled by
corporations it is a different point
cool I agree 100%
and that's my whole reason why I think
that leaving everything to Democratic
votes are not necessarily a good idea
sometimes so that's great we agree on
this okay
yeah well here's my question like here's
the thing I'm not saying like right now
at this very specific moment if
everybody simply had a vote and
everything else was exactly the same I'm
not arguing for that I'm arguing yeah
we'll get into those arguments later but
that's great as long as you understand
that because the neck because you make a
lot of weird appeals to like this
biological realism or race realism
almost yea that's entirely not you okay
it was just a guy wearing a hoodie with
my stream background you are one of the
characters you are of repres
this is framed through you however again
when making a character that you intend
to address more than a single person's
arguments with maybe in your opinion
there shouldn't be a character that
looks just like one person but I also
don't think okay so then the parts where
I say the problem is that people are
just so stupid if you try to tell people
facts they spit in your face I'm reading
all the names that I don't think apply
to me van some people are just too
stupid or too lazy well you do think
people are stupid I do but for the same
reasons why you think people are stupid
that they're misled by other people they
don't have access to good education they
don't have access to all the facts or
knowledge that corporations or
government or whatever can Miss Lee move
about sure which we agree on okay do you
think that I believe that people choose
to be lazy no that is a ben shapiro
point okay and do you think that I think
that stupid people are having babies
with other stupid people to make
actually a number of people from Twitter
point that I can't even begin to start
with okay cool argument so many times um
okay so the big words one was comedy I
guess okay comedy slash me do you think
that I believe that people pick their
bad jobs or is that a Shapiro talking
point that is depth like that's a
verbatim the you problem thing is
actually a directly from earlier video
from him a couple weeks ago
why didn't you use ben shapiro as a
representative for this video instead of
me because ben shapiro won't answer ok
well so ok so then half of these with me
and ok this is a real intellectually
honest video so far right that's great
so 90% of [ __ ] brought up in the
beginning it was either comedy or not
related to me whatsoever
alright well ok wait a second though ok
you take it you take a dig at Peter
thereby saying that it's not
intellectually honest so far but again
you're missing the point of and and
again I could be completely off-base
correct me if I am but if we're talking
about something a video made in
ineffective parody that is not made in a
direct dig that says hey by the way this
is why I think destiny is wrong instead
says hey I'm gonna cover the talking
points of certain figures out within the
world that I disagree with you can then
understand that perhaps he's not trying
to represent you specifically what do
you think the understanding of the
audiences when they come away from a
video like that do you think they see it
is it no no wait wait no what but again
like you're not pushing on the audience
the suit so the the given audience of
the video is not looking at this and
saying this is destiny specifically in
fact most people are not going to know
that it's you and that most people are
not going to think that it's been so you
really don't think that you really don't
think that people look at that we just
said earlier that our audiences don't
even coincide that much so I say they
don't occupy the same area but clearly
direct this video is like very clearly
like pointed towards me well I mean
there's elements that like mean like I
said like you're the one who's gonna
answer sure but you'd have to admit
Peter that if it's like you're in his
room as him like he's like it's not it's
I don't know people know this but it's
literally my streaming background yes I
I actually a green-screen myself into
you what's that well you know what let's
check I could be totally wrong let's go
look at the top comments on the video
oh hey destiny is a guest in Peter
carbon's video cool $226 I'm glad to
finally see gamer representation of my
content maybe that's not an appeal to me
hmm
so I mean you don't think that maybe
people I hope destiny doesn't copyright
claim this debate you just have like I
really even cared whether people think
it's you or not you don't care so do you
think you have a
the ability to the public that separates
your intent from the possible harm that
you could inflict on others I'm cute
because you're making the gamer argument
for why I should be able to say like so
magazine so okay so you think that I can
inflict harm on you of course yeah
really yeah we do it publicly all the
time yeah of course doesn't matter the
who has a larger following like well I'm
actually actually wait hold on I'm
really interested in this do you think
that because somebody is a smaller
following than someone else they can
implement that was wait the argument you
just used it's not the full argument I'm
I want to say do you think it's part of
an argument it would be part of one yes
but I want to hear what what like you
think this video can do T it's just more
ammunition for people to misrepresent my
views to other people to make me look
like I have used that are dumber than
they actually are
that's the whole goal of this type of
rhetoric right I want to say yes and no
because I don't really want to say to
you like the idea is to ruin you the
idea is to get you to maybe go oh
is this something that might actually be
orbiting around me is it is there any
element of this that reflects real life
in any way whether or not it's
exaggerated and you don't think anyhoo
has a larger Connie I have a huge Connie
fanbase that watches me because of how
relentlessly I've attacked people on the
right you don't think that I'm aware of
some of the negative stereotypes that
might exist on the right you don't thing
that I'm aware of a lot of the crazy
[ __ ] that happens in these quasi fascist
communities like the Donald and all this
[ __ ] like who's somebody who has like a
larger lefty fan base than most other
lefties on the internet God like
unfortunately like okay you're saying
this like you're doing me I'm you're you
you're acting like you're doing me a
favor like destiny look some of the
things you're saying you know maybe
people on the right might agree with
that like yeah no [ __ ] [ __ ] I'm very
careful with what I say sure um the
there's another element of it though
it's not against about you it there's
also an element of hey there's part of
this person in all of us there's part of
this person who happens to be a
caricature of destiny who is the dumbest
[ __ ] bicycle shill in the world
okay this is running away classical
shill though but that's the caricature
of me that's what you're basically
making out to be I mean that that has so
many like specific economic stuff and
like there's not I wouldn't say that
there's arguments presented against you
that are really specifically like
neoclassical though okay you're okay
let me say it in another way you were in
credit you are presenting an incredibly
simplistic analysis of economic
arguments and attributing those to me
some people would argue well this is a
neoclassical way of viewing things so
for instance saying people choose to be
lazy or people choose to do their jobs
well again that is very specifically a
ben shapiro point and i understand that
your that it doesn't it you don't like
having that associated with you but i
mean again and i'm sorry to keep making
the same point it's not just you I mean
yes it is your aesthetic it is
referencing a lot of elements of you but
it is not just you but the only reason
people associate the only reason people
associate this with me is because of bad
faith actors like you no one that has
ever listened to any of my videos will
ever come away thinking that destiny
tells people that they can choose
whatever I argue against this type of
[ __ ] all the time I'm literally a
hard-line determinist okay I don't even
like compatibilism as like a
philosophical concept so to sit here and
pretend that I would ever make any of
these are going to be associate with
them am I associated with them yeah I am
but why it's not because of what I say
it's because of how people like you
attack me or characterize me or
mischaracterize me well you know I kind
of alright I guess sure fine yeah I'll
take that fine I don't really have like
he hears that I don't really have an
argument against you if like your
argument is just you're a bad faith
actor i don't think that i am i don't
think that i made this specifically to
ruin you I don't think that I made this
okay really I don't think make like the
specific arguments no one you okay no
one made to use your image on account
this is in fact
a parody of elements of you that people
will recognize okay but what you're
doing is attributing a bunch of
malicious of use to me that I don't have
that are now going to continue to be
associated with me how many times when I
say like I don't think single-payer
healthcare is a great idea do people
rally in Twitter destiny wants the free
market to decide destiny hates [ __ ]
workers destiny hates thinks all people
are stupid okay so what do you think is
the alternative though what to what
single pair yeah if single-payer health
care is not a good idea what's a good
idea a multi payer system the public
option a multi payer system and what do
you do when you choose between different
payers what is that what do you mean
it's a market okay what do you just said
like you don't think that like health
should be left up to the market but then
you just said what what what do you mean
by multi-payer then what do I mean how
about like the other dozen or so
European countries have a whole TBR
system so you have a public option that
is a bare minimum services that are
coverage so for instance usually this
means not like it's like all normal
medical procedures like France sure like
dental or vision like wouldn't be
covered right and then you can either
get insurance that gets you access to
different hospitals or to elective
surgeries or things related to dental
vision on top but there are insurance
first some procedures that aren't
covered by the public option stuff or
they can be I guess if you want it like
having that level of [ __ ] but
multi-payer doesn't imply a point
between how do you get the insurance
it's provided by the government I've
heard the public option it's usually
like a government-funded thing like so
there would be massive discount some
people that can't afford it or be given
for free but you can't afford it what
about the other insurance for the stuff
that it doesn't cover
that's what do you mean like what what
about it what about what about it
well you do you get that stuff out of a
market yeah I guess in this case you
would like I'm sorry but like you can't
say like you don't believe in the market
if like an elements of the market exists
in the healthcare system you're
advocating I never said I don't believe
in the market I absolutely believe in
markets that's why I'm a capitalist but
I believe that market failures prevent
us from accurately negotiating for
health care should okay do which is why
I think that the health care system that
the US has now and before is an
unmitigated [ __ ] disaster you need a
government provided public option that
can set drug prices every other your
every other OECD country uses
this we have to get on board with it but
all the other receded countries that use
it don't all have single-payer a lot of
them have multi pair too and both of
those systems both of those forms of
universal health coverage are infinitely
better than what the United States has
now yeah no I agree I agree that France
is an infinitely better system than ours
can it is better to also true yes I have
I have nothing to say to that ok cool
then we don't necessarily disagree but
when you read out but when you put out
videos like this it makes it sound like
I'm literally gonna say like well the
free market guy was the best solution to
health care ever so we should have no
public option and no public funding at
all people should be allowed to do what
were the other people you're on your
video um was it Nigel Faraj I was like
oh I would rather you choose to do it my
own money rather than give it to the NHS
bla bla bla right like you're now you
didn't use a character of me there but
like you're more or less associated my
views with total [ __ ] like like
hardcore free-market dumb folks like
that like when you do that right which
is not really anywhere near what my
viewpoints are like my economic view
points are like considered left in
virtually every part of the world but
that's not true nothing capitalist is
considered left in every part of the
world yes it is oh my god yes it is
newsflash
even in places like Sweden commies
aren't taken seriously the leading party
even Sweden is the Social Democrats
Social Democrats are characterized by
their acceptance of capitalism whether
you like that or not that's true there
are not all these European countries
where there is a sizable portion of
people that are on ironically left in
the way that internet progressives
define it as being socialist or
communist that is not true sure so I
would be considered a social democrat in
most European countries which does put
me on the left not like a lefty like I'm
like I'm for one [ __ ] social
economist but yes on the Left sure
alright that's fine your your initial
characterization of economic viewpoints
across Europe is horrendously incorrect
and misinformed and I corrected you on
it that's all I wanted to do we can talk
us what you're saying though is like the
establishment considers a different
thing left than what maybe people who
are actually advocating for a leftist
thing yeah sure I don't care what a
fringe minorities people on the internet
call left I don't care what the p1 bred
to but all the white college kids on
bread tube call
left or whatever I'm just saying that
like the idea that people present me is
like I would be right-wing and all these
European countries is it her is
completely not true maybe when the
litmus test is whether or not you would
literally eat [ __ ] landlords
that's what considers you left maybe in
like some small circles of the very
white very male very college-educated
very affluent parts of the internet
maybe those people would consider me
right-wing sure but in the broader
electorate in America and in the rest of
Europe absolutely not I would be
considered left okay do you want to go
over there the first big part of the the
first huge [ __ ] to be honest with you
I really don't okay well I get this like
I'm gonna go ahead and say like
everybody everybody watching is gonna be
like coffin [ __ ] up like he backed off
of this he doesn't want to do this but
this is useless
like just you have to know that I have
to know that this is useless do you ever
get worried or do you feel bad that
maybe you're so married to a political
ideology that like a public
responsibility but you are you won't
defend any part of the video that you
felt comfortable enough publishing using
me why wouldn't you use somebody that it
you said you wanted me to come here and
it but now you're telling me you won't
defend the points you've mayor what I
didn't say I wanted you to come here are
you absolutely I'm sorry
lucid fox are the Serbs they did not
sound like he heavily implied that he
wanted me to come here that's why okay a
talk and he's in here did you tell him I
was coming yeah knew that you would pay
attention to the video I assume but I
don't think that the main idea was to
hey let me draw a destiny and debate by
the way okay I just thought it would
make for great interest
yeah hit me up money yeah of all these
tweets cuz I know people always come at
you for your tweets being spicy spicy
today are they're pretty provocative I
won't deny that of course so you are
debating a little bit right like a
little bit of this is to get some
reactions out of people a little bit
yeah but I believe everything I tweet
I'm not grifting not doing it for money
every one of my fantasies
but you might make it a little bit more
a little bit more provocative than it
then it should be like in a reasonable
form or let's take a discussion bill
Dwyer sure you might be exaggerating
your points a little bit for a fact
slightly sure yeah oh that's not what
you're doing in your video
you're totally mischaracterizing and
misrepresenting here's the thing you
like like wait wait like so if I say
something like if I say something like
like I'm trying to think of something I
could say like if I say something like
women might naturally so here's a nun
ironically if I have I think that like
in a perfect world I don't think that it
would be 50/50 representation across
every job men and women would probably
gravitate a little bit towards different
types of jobs now I don't think the
division would be like 90% male doctors
and 10% P mothers that's probably
heavily socially German but there would
be some distinction if you were to make
a video and you were to say hey while
I'm destiny and I'm so smart I know that
all women belong in the house and they
shouldn't even go to work do you think
that's just an exaggeration of my point
or do you think that it like totally
mischaracterizes what I believe because
you're doing that in your cycle I'm just
exaggerating it what I am NOT saying
that is that is a ridiculous like you
setup I don't even know what just like
you'd literally just said like hmm okay
so explain the context of why women are
in different positions here what do you
mean you know never mind
I gotta go no we can walk through all of
it if you want I'll walk through
anything oh I'm done I'm done okay
because all of your other claims in this
video we're equal ii ridiculous but you
try to say that they want to like let
them be ridiculous then dude go through
your your videos and your sorry your
streams and just call them ridiculous
okay sounds good to me
um does anyone in here want to talk
about anything else so you're just
hurting the cause sure I mean I think
you are like I think like this is one of
the reasons why I got big on the
Internet is because you guys on the left
absolutely suck [ __ ] at confrontation
you're not willing to defend any of your
ideas you can't substantiate anything
outside of like a huge video circle-jerk
and all you do is you mischaracterize
the [ __ ] out of everybody to disagree
this is why I got popular is because I
filled a void that none of you were able
to do it so all you've done here yeah
shut the [ __ ] up what you've done here
is you've made me tired okay
that's what you [ __ ] did yeah that's
all you did
I'm already emotionally done I've had a
full day I'm intending to put my kids to
bed you have made me [ __ ] tired
that's what I'm [ __ ] right now that's
go I'm crying for you right now like I'm
it's so sad like how hard your life must
be like making YouTube videos like yeah
that's so hard you don't think I have to
deal with any kind of like blowback from
the internet stuff that I do oh no I
definitely don't I definitely don't
think that you've ever dealt with
anything on the Internet effort that's
my [ __ ] okay because you're trying to
play a pity card while you're
contributing to like a cure your City
are crying about how tired you are after
you just made a borderline hit piece of
video on me like come on dude you the
[ __ ] filming it is you're literally
using an image of me to construct like
[ __ ] race realist arguments dog it is
absolutely alright good luck see you
later I hope he likes the ad revenue
from the video what a [ __ ] piece of
[ __ ] I can't believe this
what's up how you guys doing I hear
tonight Lucic box and the surfs the soup
Stevie I got to do the the Mike frumpy a
thing because he's upset um we talked
once before maybe we'll talk again I
don't know what the [ __ ] we would even
have to talk about I saw him talking in
some twitch clip where you've seen some
real [ __ ] stupid [ __ ] but I imagine
we'll probably talk about it he'll back
off of it completely and then he'll go
back to making fun of me on Twitch clips
like every single lefty seems to do so
yeah yeah yeah anything I mean yeah it's
very frustrating to me because like I I
believe like everything I say and I
spend like a great deal of time on all
of the arguments that I make right there
I have huge gaps in my knowledge my
historical knowledge is [ __ ] abysmal
okay like there are huge gaps that I
haven't made knowledge but when I have
like a gap in my knowledge I try to
shore it up like I'm a three year music
school dropout okay and then I've been
playing video games profession for ten
years I don't do this like I don't have
like an authorship behind me I don't
write books
I don't like [ __ ] have a PhD I didn't
even go to AI don't even go to undergrad
for political sides okay
so there's definitely
my knowledge but I do put a lot of work
in what I do and it's very strange to me
to see the same anti intellectual
attacks from the left now that I saw
from the right like what he just said to
me earlier like you've literally got a
word pad out haha like what am I
supposed to be insulted by that like
yeah I put a lot of work into what I do
like is that supposed to make me feel
bad because that's the same thing that
the people all right said to me like oh
he's such a loser he spends time like
researching his points well on
ironically at the same time going into
sub right it's looking like destiny
doesn't read enough like okay well which
is it like there might be a [ __ ]
nerve that prepares his arguments or you
know am I just supposed to like agree
with you on everything like it's just
it's all this is like very [ __ ]
frustrating to me but so yeah better
people talking one way or at least
expressing themselves
wait you're it's you think it's
two-faced right it's yeah a little bit
like it's like if you disagree with
something I say and like a lot of people
feel that it's kind of saying I was kind
of sending the beginning of this because
I hate that big words argument but like
I do say the beginning of every debate
like hey if I say something that you
disagree with or if I say something that
you know sounds like [ __ ] like call
me out and immediately like and this
happens in all my debates like my fans
will go through and look oh who talked
more it's always the other person it's
like 60% of the time they talk and then
they come out accuse me of Gish
galloping or like they interrupt me like
50 times and I enter up in like twice
and they said like destiny cuts people
off all the [ __ ] time I did hear more
than normal sure but like it's just
frustrating like nobody will ever deal
with the content of my arguments they
just make these vague appeals to like my
my Jewish debate tactics they say on the
right or on the left they call me a
gusano a Cuban worm that's just trying
to defend the Cuban aristocracy I guess
and that I'm yeah and I'm using all
these like debate tactics issued cool
like this is this is not for the this is
just literally to tell you like to an an
Allah and analytically no you're not
gonna hurt my feelings don't worry dude
go for it right I think one of the
things that you work in a lot of the
time it's absolute sweet right - when
you say something to someone and then it
gets refuted or maybe like at that point
within the debate maybe you don't see
eye to eye maybe like we're done with
that point in the debate right like
we're done with that talking point
you'll then try to double down a knife
salute and say see this is the problem
no one ever wants like engaging
electorally on that point like so you'll
you'll add an addendum to this is why
you lost by the way
so I think I think you could understand
that a lot of people on the Left might
see that as kind of static like okay
well I was just trying to get in a
discussion with someone for the same
time I wasn't looking looking to get
attacked and that can turn into a
provocative measure it then draws people
into saying like all right [ __ ] this
[ __ ] well so like the problem is like
when I have argues appeal so for
instance like Mike from PA did this is
when I have an argument with somebody
often times what will happen is let's
say that I have an arguing about rent
control okay I'll say like hey I think
rent control is bad and I think oh well
ranker tool is good they'll bring up one
point
well rent control help support people
and I'll say well no it doesn't okay
well maybe not but it prevents rents
from increasing on people other well
notice okay well maybe it'll help with a
bounce from point to point to point to
point and if I don't actually establish
like okay well this was wrong this is
not true this is yeah that's that's
that's totally fair but like like my
critique like I'm not I'm not asking you
to defend your point I'm not asking you
to apologize for it at all I'm just
giving you my honest criticism of I
think that's something that you do in
discussion a lot that will draw ire from
people oh but that's fine if you hear
that thing like say this is what always
happens because that ends up more often
than not being a provocation into
another conversation that's going to
draw down the current debate we don't
happen so why just supposed to let
somebody walk away with like bad points
like that's why you'll end up seeing bad
faith measures then because people be
like woah wait a second you just [ __ ]
attack me on that that's [ __ ] well
of course we're having a disagreement
I'm attacking your points I'm gonna
establish it they were right or wrong by
the end of a discussion and I get that
but it's basically saying like hey you
were always wrong
right like yeah of course the time in
which you are ever gonna be right right
well what do you weigh well what do you
I mean like depending on the topic that
we're talking about yeah that's my goal
that I believe in what I believe in and
I'm going to try to make the case for
that and if the other person can't then
I want to establish it they haven't done
that that's my whole goal in a
conversation and I and I get that I'm
just I'm just literally giving you the
criticism of it's okay to make sure that
someone's wrong but more often than not
you'll also go into the field of well
let's make sure they're ultra wrong you
know think about man the conversations
that we've had
I know afterwards you said I was hiding
so hold on you might cut off that I said
you're hiding what are you look can hear
me yeah can you hear me yeah I said last
time we had to talk today I was hiding
hiding my power level right in their
conversation
oh yeah it's possible a lot of people do
that I don't remember specifically what
though but yeah well I mean don't all
writers do that isn't theirs yeah they
do it a lot yeah a crypto-fascist do it
a ton yeah well okay so yeah I was tired
of my power level I was just trying to
have a couple okay I know if I was to
get to a certain point in that
conversation you'd obviously shut it
down right like we I was trying to find
common ground I think that would been a
more fruitful discussion between the two
of us by trying to find things that we
can either agree or disagree on and then
surprise surprise I found that that we
agreed on a lot of them yeah but there's
a difference between like finding common
ground versus like skirting issues like
saying like oh well I'm a liberal when
you're literally like a like a hardcore
leftist like right but I don't I don't I
don't remember yeah I don't remember
specifically like what you're what I
disagree with you it's usually I just go
usually with lefties what I notice is
that like a lot of people present
themselves as liberals they say like oh
I'm a sock dumb and then they're
literally like defending the USSR like
on Twitter the next day or sometimes
even North Korea or you know China's
Russia but like a lot of people on the
left will like make these like vague
appeals to them or will like you know
like harbor these people in their
community without like it's like
explicitly calling them out and it just
feels really weird or like or like mic
from PA is a really good example or even
ason sometimes like mic from PA his name
is Central Committee he's got like the
[ __ ] hammer and sickle [ __ ] in the
red [ __ ] of the Soviet X everything all
over I was like oh okay dude but like
you're not really like it's just a me
you know someone that's an entertainer
you have to understand what's
performative right that's fine but I
hope you guys say the same thing when
like Richard Spencer or other people
come out and like oh dude like it's just
a Pepe the Frog it's just a cast and
flag like it's performative like you
understand that these arguments you
would never let these float for the
crypto-fascist on the right why would
you use them for people on the left
interesting well your mic is turned on
wait what okay all right oh maybe cuz
I'm bringing in Eva and no no your mic
keeps like it's like your sensitivity is
set to high or something or yeah your
noise gate might be cutting you out lamb
Oh
things up the real way alright destiny
what's up buddy what's up
I got ordered dinner by the way so you
all are amazing I will miss you all
it was the life is seeing you all I'm
getting I'm gonna hit you with the real
critique destiny yeah hit me up you've
got to learn to play League better it's
really strange to me to see like so many
people on the left like this is so
ridiculous man I hate myself for it a
lot of people I've seen this thing like
this guy really doesn't understand how
Comedy Works in the world does he these
are all arguments that I've argued
against when people on the right try to
do it why do people on the Left think
they can get away with it it's crazy to
me like when we argue about like whether
or not you should use homophobic or
transphobic slurs I'll never let like a
context lot like a context matters
arguments slide there because it doesn't
we look at the end effect not the not
the intent of this type of language but
when it comes to like literal tanki
iconography and [ __ ] well now we have to
look at the context you know eat all
landlords that's just a meme you know
kilt let the blood run in the streets of
the capital owners like that's just a
joke or like literally saying you know
like [ __ ] the Hongkongers they're
imperialist scum you know like well [ __ ]
like well where does it stop because all
of the arguments I used to get to the
right what I'm not allowed to use these
against people that are like harboring
tanki's no I mean I feel like a lot of
that though is you are grouping like all
of the leftist in together when a lot of
us don't actually have that in our
community and like specifically it's
like I have a no tanki's rule because
tanki's irritate me worse than anybody
it's it's better to debate a [ __ ]
Nazi because at least a Nazi will try to
defend their [ __ ] ideas I think you will
just go lol you're just too stupid you
don't get it sure but like though
somebody like so and I haven't watched
his content recently right but somebody
like sargon of akkad was absolutely not
an alt right and was like barely
conservative in a lot of ways he was
like an I would call I would call him
sure but that's like super vague like
technically like in the unit
it's like classical can mean everything
from like I'm a liberal to like I'm a
libertarian right like okay so what do
you references that he's referencing I
think you know if you look back to the
original is would be like John Locke
wait hold on your uh your my keeps
cutting I was triggering me is your
noise get like [ __ ] up or why would it
be on discord okay all I was saying is
that I think he's
okay I'm getting mad oh [ __ ] I'm getting
so triggered hold on me calm down
you wait you just said was all I can say
is that he thinks he's and then your mic
cuts off like it's doing is every time
thank you saying a classical liberal
like John Locke oh yeah sure
so Sargon but but my point is that
Sargon is never like given like
explicitly like not like Nazi talking
point something like that but he
harbored a lot of these people in his
community and I'm very critical of him
for it like listen like if you spouse or
view espouse a certain type of rhetoric
you're going to get a certain type of
fan and you must be aware of this you
have to know that you're empowering
certain groups of people and if you're
not gonna do anything to like stop that
I'm gonna call you out for it I don't
know why people on the Left would think
that they're exempt from that when
people use like [ __ ] USSR flags and
[ __ ] and talk about like how the United
States is pretty much the same as like
the USSR or North Korea well it's like
will [ __ ] like you're doing the exact
same thing of the people on the right I
think I can't speak to this because I'm
just a social justice warrior amen
[ __ ] social issues I think you do too
mainly Izzy so I don't think we disagree
on anything it's the people that get
into the class and economics [ __ ] that I
end up having a hardcore disagreement so
but I'm pretty sure you also get into
the class and economic [ __ ] but I'm not
as studied as all of the other people
that you've debated that's why I'm never
gonna come in and like challenge you to
a debate on it is I never in my life
until now was comfortable enough that I
could have afforded to read theory and I
don't have any of that like crazy extent
of knowledge um but I do like preach on
class consciousness being a massive
issue and that like the grand utopian
view would be a socialist society
preferably a moneyless society and [ __ ]
like that but that's like grand utopian
for me and I believe that reforms the
only way we can get people educated
enough to be there yeah that's possible
but like and I wish I could have gone
into Peters video more but we couldn't
because he ran away but like Peter did
the thing were later on in the video he
basically says that racism is more or
less here because of capitalism that
like and like these are arguments that
the economically left people make so
much that like triggers the ever-living
[ __ ] out of me but he didn't even stand
around to talk about that so I guess
it's not worth bringing up
yeah I mean I would disagree with that
one I think in aneesa's I like the
reason I don't I don't like deal with
[ __ ] tanki's and play with that [ __ ]
is I believe if we like had the Vanguard
and we had the revolution and and we
tried to create a communist state year
what would happen if like ignoring all
the [ __ ] that we couldn't deal with
and that we wouldn't win the fight
against the government pretend in a
perfect world we did beat the government
what's gonna happen then a bunch of
different sects with different
viewpoints are gonna form and war with
each other there's gonna be a white
nationalist group that once they're at
no state there's gonna be Nation of
Islam wanting their ethno state there's
gonna be [ __ ] religious sects that
don't want LGBTQIA people there's gonna
be racist [ __ ] rednecks there's gonna
be the all progressive inclusivity
everyone crowd and none of them are
gonna agree on what the [ __ ] needs to
get done and so yeah I would I would
heart agree that like getting rid of
capitalism wouldn't get rid of racism
but capitalism does need racism and
perpetuate it further is the problem how
capitalism has to keep pitting people
against each other on a race basis
though it doesn't I guess if you wanted
to get like down into pure ideology it
doesn't have to be well we could go
empirical right now in the United States
at least and probably most of the
Western world capitalism fights really
hard against racism because racism
doesn't pay money right now right that's
why on YouTube and on Twitter that's why
he hates me yeah right now yeah but like
you could argue that to an extent but I
mean we're still like massively racially
racially charged as a society after the
lower class is pitted against different
minority groups but like what I would
say then is it like whatever economic
system you have is gonna be reflective
of the underlying values you have in a
really racist society capitalism would
empower the [ __ ] out of racist
organizations in a very woke society
capitalism would empower the [ __ ] out of
very well but I would say the same thing
in a socialist system as well so ok so
what you guys are talking about here the
class antagonisms that would be set up
under the frameworks of capitalism for
example they obviously they're gonna be
adherent to the poverty levels ok so
what you're talking about is you're
saying that even under caplet things
still will change right that is the
market following the zeitgeist that's
the market following the people it's not
the other way around so sure
these problems changing because of
capitalism they're changing in spite of
capitalism even though capitalism is
still gonna set up those class
antagonisms yeah so you can argue that
capitalism sets up class antagonisms but
that is nothing with race right like I'm
in order to get your racial antagonism
has to come from somewhere else perhaps
could say is that trying to define the
class the lower class against the upper
class we have seen racism be used to do
that right so by giving white people I'm
trying to think I'm still learning on
this we've been we've seen the the
people on the top keep moving the lower
class to fight minority groups that way
and they're not fighting the upper class
yeah but they have to fight minority
groups but in order to understand how
that happens you can't do that with a
class approach you have to take an
intersectional approach to understand
how why would a bunch of white people
burn down black Wall Street there's
money there there's capital there that's
potential investment that's potential
consumers how could you do that you can
never understand that with a class
analysis you have to be intersectional
about it that's my only argument
absolutely and then like your whole idea
that because like society is moving
towards that more woke and we're like
fighting against racism fighting against
LGBTQ issues like you see that on a fake
level all the time you see the the
rainbow from a company for one month out
of the year that then everyone who's
working in that company you'll see
homophobic and transphobic slurs jokes
in their games or whatever product they
create their creators moderators etc
doing it like fake pride for profit you
see that on like a racial level to
you'll see companies that wouldn't
probably put [ __ ] people of color up
towards yeah but if anything you're
making like act like they're there for
it if anything you're making an even
stronger argument in favor of capitalism
then you're telling me that a racist
individual actors in a company are so
enslaved to profit which I believe they
are that they will make woke games even
if they don't believe in it because
that's what the market demands this is
my whole argument that like markets and
capitalist structures are just and when
it comes to racial issues there are
functions of society capitalism doesn't
dictate our racial issues to us but
Society will cause racial issues to come
in in a capitalist market the same way
it would in a social system right but
under the capitalist system he creates
more antagonism towards that
because of the way the pepero structures
are structured to rent poverty and
because of the way but it's only because
poverty right now is structured a lot
around race but that wasn't a demand of
capitalism that was a function of other
things in the past yes absolutely good
old ink like it happens to do with
history right but we're saying under
this capitalist system still going
faster that and in Scenario in in are
hit happen be that this is the way it
went down that it you know white people
happen to have the wealth and the
property and the ownership sure but all
I'm saying is that and we I don't think
we even disagree I don't know what we're
disagreeing on capitalism can be very
woke or it can be incredibly regressive
it just depends on what the underlying
people are that's all I'm saying so like
if you want to get rid of racism
changing capitalism won't do it because
you can be just as racist in a socialist
system in a monarchy in a totalitarian
all of these things could you're just as
racist of course sure absolutely and and
we're all but you're getting the same
point Dave when it comes to capitalism
is going to exacerbate regard you know
it's going to make that worse because
there is going to be a power stretch
based on wealth weight capitalism can
exacerbate what you cut off cap racism
and bigotry oh it can or I could cure
racism and bigotry if there's enough
money but it can't work the other way
because there's going to be in taking it
it's only antagonistic to classes not to
racist yes we're green on the same thing
to see you're just not getting keeps
cutting it I'm losing it
wait wait can you change like the server
of like the server like that like words
hosted you have a way to do that would
it change everything I don't know sure
it's weird though my dad is saying that
we don't hear that at all well that's
because you're streaming so the cut off
is happening in discord not okay yeah
it's not happening through your OBS it's
happening through discord specific so
for the person you're transmitting how
the [ __ ] does capitalism fix racism
look at all of the conservatives crying
right now in front of Congress saying
that Facebook needs to be made of public
utility because conservatives are
getting banned on Facebook and sent to D
live conservatives are getting banned
off of Twitter and sent to gab
conservatives are getting banned off of
youtube and since uh you know all these
other like yeah that's capitalism at
work that basically wired it or either
black people in movies now Black Panther
why they're trans and gay people in
movies this is ridiculous well yeah
because right now there's a market for
it and that's it I'm not saying
capitalist [ __ ]
my argument is on the capitalist
companies aren't doing these things
because they're so good and they love
society me trying to help
they just do because there's money to be
made there and if society becomes more
woke then the culture is gonna become
more whoa or the yeah isn't the one
doing that it's yeah that's my whole and
the market of course I think the key
word in your argument isn't about like
the the market in capital it's right now
as the problem the factor that
counterculture is shifting back and
we're seeing a massive resurgence and
white nationalist and an bigoted groups
that hate every other minority they can
like they we're gonna continue to see
this shift in this pendulum effect with
capitalism and it's going to be the
counter cultures constantly fighting
each other that capitalism just keeps
moving the pieces to keep that fight
going right now it might be kind of
trying to solve some of those problems
but like that's like individual
companies within capitalism and forcing
their own tos and and actually
responding to it not capitalism itself
and I don't think it's okay you guys
keep going back to this capitals and
fixing anything I agree I'm not saying
it is what I'm saying is that your
economic system has nothing to do with
how like racist or not raises your
society is that your economic system
will always be a reflection of the
underlying values that if you had
socialism with a right like if you were
to go right now and make bucket Alabama
socialist black people would be more
[ __ ] than they are now and if you were
to go to a super racist or I super not
racist country and make your country
like capitalist they wouldn't all of a
sudden become racist that your economic
system comes after whatever your
society's underlying beliefs are that's
all I'm saying capitalism I have fixed
racism or Kwas racism it just is a
product of your society no it can
exacerbate it or cure it it like it can
move in either direction like it's just
gonna be reflective of what the
underlying societal value system and
you've already agreed on this there's
going to be class antagonism set up by
different classes yes that is always
going to exacerbate racism not
necessarily that's only if the races are
unequally this is what I'm saying you
need another analysis you cannot do this
on class alone you can't waive it you
cannot tell me on class alone why black
people are [ __ ] by the criminal
justice system you can't do that you
need an intersectional approach you
cannot do it using just [ __ ] money
because we've show that even if you
control for socio-economic conditions
black people are still discriminate
against the different arts wait what's
incorrect through
through the prison system that is
entirely about capital they're
constantly fed in to continually be fed
into that cycle discriminated against
outside marked as felons unable to get a
job recur back to a life of crime all to
go to for-profit prisons that can
legally use slavery someone's lease
officers wait so what is saying here
from my understanding you're saying that
this is racial right so yeah there is a
component that we do have people who are
being funneled into this but it's
specifically race base for the most part
right so you can't just look at it from
a capitalist perspective and say this is
racist because right am i am i catching
your eye destiny yes like you can't just
use a class analysis because when cops
pull over black people and execute them
in their [ __ ] cars they're not doing
it because he thinks he belongs to a
poorer class they're doing it because
they're black or is he for you given on
her ass train or I'm this is like a
really in a paranoia but like when
people in it like her ass like certain
like like LGBT members right they're not
doing it because in the LGBT people are
of a lower class they do it sometimes
because they hate trans probably hate
bisexual people or gay people these you
can't just analyze this on class you
have to bring in another type of
approach to look at it I agree I
actually get into debates all the time
with leftist who are fine with not go
against anti ed poll go on anti ed pull
rants and say that you know you don't
have to forefront like minority struggle
racism or trans trans really gets
brought up a lot in the like anti ed
poll rants and so like I completely
agree with that analysis but like my
point of pointing out the for-profit
prison system you're right when a cop
pulls someone over and shoots a black
person because they're black um that is
like racially charged hate that's okay
within this system because this system
is designed to oppress people of color
and keep circulating them through and
cops are allowed to take a more
aggressive stance against people of
color sure that's great I don't disagree
with any of that I don't think any of
that has to do with class though could
happen as a socialist system could
happen in a capitalist system it's not
that's not a class problem that's
another type of problem it requires a
different approach there are different
power structures that intersect with
different facets of your personality you
might face difference Ruggles because
you were
you might face difference truckers
because you're LGBT you might face
different struggles because of the
language you speak because of a
disability you have and these require
elevated forms of analysis that can't be
reduced to class alone that's my only
argument yeah I think we're all on the
same page there that's why I was kind of
trying to summarize Dustin ease because
I think that's what I'm like I don't
know if y'all are hearing what he's
saying here we agree with this and if we
don't word there's a problem
hahaha but Dustin II how would you deal
with class class issues then um I don't
know if I don't so I don't know
personally if I have a problem with
classes if there's a lower class a
middle class in an upper class I don't
know what would make that good or bad so
for instance if you had a theoretical
society where the lower class had you
like like maybe like in Sweden right we
have like universal healthcare
we have guaranteed access to housing
where you are always going to have like
access to healthy food and education I
don't know if I care about the existence
of a lower class mine it seems like an
okay system now there are things that
kind of conflict with that that show for
instance like just having income
disparity in and of itself in a
community without anything else can be a
predictor of crime so stuff like that
kind of shows maybe having like a huge
separation between classes in and of
itself could could lead to bad things
which would make me feel less excited
about having different class of people
or maybe you need to narrow them between
classes but it like intrinsically class
just isn't really something I care about
like you could have a society of people
that are all middle class that don't
have access to health care or housing
markets and it's like well [ __ ] what
what's the point
so yeah the class just isn't something I
care about a focus on it's more like
what fundamental things do people in a
society need to guarantee that they have
access to the things that they should
have access to I don't see how we're
going to give everyone the access to
those things with a class structure
because like ìyeah a perfect example for
this is college degree right in this day
and age and in most forms of employment
there are still some that take that
level right but most degrees are just a
show of status in class that's it you
could afford to go to college how many
people do you know who aren't even using
their [ __ ] degree um like I I don't
see how you could get equality or any
kind of equal opportunity even with a
lower and what we're
referring to his middle class but well
so they can Nordic countries they still
have classes of people right you've got
lower class middle class upper class and
they still seem to guarantee a lot more
to their citizens than we do in the
United States they don't have people
dying or going bankrupt because of
healthcare reasons most people seem to
have access to education or they access
seems to be better than it is in the
United States housing doesn't seem that
their homelessness isn't as big of a
problem there as it is in the United
States like but this all happens with
classes right and I can point to
socialist structures that have existed
that have miserably failed and have
served to widen classes as well like for
instance even the Soviet Union system
where health care was guaranteed to
everybody there was still a system of
favors where you had to either pay money
or or trade other products in order to
get access to like a second tier or a
higher tier system so like it seems like
these these problems with access to
things can occur in social structures or
capitalist structures like just changing
the modes of production or changing the
economic organization of your society by
eliminating classes doesn't necessarily
guarantee better outcomes for your
citizens but it seems right now they'd
even under a capitalist framework Nordic
countries do a whole lot better than the
United States does so we should probably
move in that direction before
considering some massive revolution that
threatens our our place in the world
stage definitely with moving towards
that I definitely agree and I wish I
knew more like one of the things I
always say you you own up that you lack
in history I lack in in foreign policy
and the way that foreign countries run
and that's something I'm trying to
educate myself on I wish I knew how to
respond to this one but I just kind of
have to let you have it because I I
don't know how to I sure that's fine are
the most common arguments given against
me is that in a capitalist structure
that exists in the United States right
now corporations and capital have so
much power that there's a no possible
way you'll slowly transition towards any
type of socialist utopia because the
actual people that run society or
dictate the advertising are always going
to make sure that people aren't informed
enough to actually make those decisions
to progressively move you towards that
socialist society that either the health
insurance markets or some other large
firm is always going to stand in the way
with lobbyist money that's going to
prevent like an actual democratic
decision from happening that would move
us towards a socialist society that
would be in the counter-argument I'll
pass on absolutely nothing because I'm
Petty and small so I'm just gonna no you
know Steve you know even under like
equality of opportunity even under like
a Marxist system even Karl Marx himself
said that it would be
possible for you to achieve perfect
equality of opportunity like no no no
one even trying to achieve whether that
be a socialist or a post capsule Society
would I think you know bow to that point
like it's just impossible we're just we
were going to be born different unless
you engage in eugenics or something else
of that nature everyone understands the
quality of opportunity will never be no
matter what economic system you're
working under it's never going to be
completely achievable yeah but that's
not an argument against anything like
just like equality of opportunity isn't
a binary it's a gradual transition from
one point to another yeah so so like
you'll never be the strongest person you
can be because if you wanted to be you
should have started working out when you
were four years old but just because you
can't be like the perfect equality
Society doesn't mean that you can't like
move towards it right yeah absolutely
but I'm really back to that earlier
point you were saying that even yours
that even if you're saying that and
there's this certain specific system
that you wouldn't want to be able to you
know determine whether or not you can
achieve these things I'm seeing even
under a social system if someone is
building a different scenario or trying
to envision a better world they would
still give you that caveat that they're
not trying to achieve perfect equality
oh yeah I just want to know that what's
being like aimed for is gonna be better
than what we have now and you yeah of
course all about like a violent
revolution that dramatically reorganizes
our economy into something that has
never worked before in the planet that's
a pretty big gamble considering like
what the risks are for doing that so I'm
not usually by that's why I've hated our
our Twitter back and forth destiny
because I got lumped in with a lot of
people who do want like Vanguard as the
ideas I'm completely against them um one
of the reasons one of the main things I
advocate for is free education is
because after college-level education
you see a massive drop statistically and
like bigoted ideology you see people get
introduced to different kinds of
cultures different communities different
races etc and beliefs and you see people
coming out a lot more accepting of those
so under my hope is the first things we
get our healthcare so people stop
[ __ ] dying and free education so that
they have a chance of better education
and becoming better people and then
moving that towards better social
systems and social nets making us
we're gonna start leaning towards like
social democracy as much as that's a
swear word with a lot of the commie
community and then from there progress
in the future but I don't think that'll
ever be in our lifetime and I don't
think a revolution of the way to do it I
think a revolution would backfire almost
instantly sure and I've said that a
million times that people that want like
Bernie's form of social health Kangol
payer health care that's way too
extremist it'll never happen but if we
move towards a multi payor system like a
public option and Americans are really
happy with that I could totally see us
transferring from a multi payor system
to a single-payer system I could see
that happening in the future one
herbicide and it might even be a better
form of health care like maybe it would
be severe but like you have to look at
like which I what's like politically
viable rather than just like going for
the most extremist option see I I
disagree I think single-payer is the
only way to go okay well I mean like all
the voters right now it seems to not
agree because Bernie's completely [ __ ]
in the polling but I mean I guess it's
not just over like health care that
people are voting on but I yeah no
matter how the polls show I'm still
gonna stand by what I believe and mine
is that single-payer is the way that
everyone gets covered and without that
you have a one of the choices between
what if the choice is between
multi-payer and what we have now because
single-payer seems like it's too extreme
to be on the table like I if we had to
start for multiplayer I'm not gonna say
no but I'm gonna push for single-payer
that whole fight Sharon Tate and vote
for multiplayer if I have to I'm really
big on harm reduction like and that
definitely includes voting okay to every
would say we have multi-payer already
know we don't like Medicare and Medicaid
are [ __ ] pure garbage and like
millions of people are uninsured and
still get sick and die although I
haven't seen a doctor in six years I'm
one of the uninsured people like
literally this system fails a lot so I
got asked this because I don't know is
is the overwhelming amount of Americans
do they not want a single-payer system
the answer the unfortunate answer is
that it's complicated I didn't get to
talk to Peter about his video but one of
the examples that he brought up oh cool
so one of the horrible examples it he
brought I do want to say I just want to
say like sorry for you
and that's okay buddy it's all good so
wanted one of the exam not here to like
yeah go ahead sorry okay
yep don't get too comfy because we're
about to go right back into the video
because so one of the when it's okay
it's okay I'm not gonna be mean okay not
being mean but one of the examples that
Peter brought up in his video was like
well look
most Americans identify that climate
change is a problem therefore and then
the non sequitur part is therefore it
should be easy to solve it the problem
is that climate change like health care
isn't a binary problem it's not like
this person is doing an action and we
need to stop it so we can fix it the
problem is that even if most people
agree that something is a problem that
doesn't mean there's a clear policy way
forward to fix it so even if motor yes
so even if most people the United States
agree that like universal health care is
the same that doesn't mean there's a
policy way forward it might be that
people don't agree with banning private
insurance or people don't agree with a
public option or people don't agree that
it should be taxpayer funded right like
there's a million different problems
that could prevent you even if most
people agree that there is a problem we
might never have a policy position to
solve it much like brexit that exists
today know that see he's got he's got a
kind of a point there because like 53
percent on the latest poll I'm seeing
53% of polled Americans are for
single-payer health care but I would say
the biggest argument is how to pay for
it and I think this is definitely where
destiny and I are gonna disagree but for
me it's pretty [ __ ] simple tax the
rich well I'm not gonna discrete all
over the rich of the most pain taxes or
have the most wealth they get ideas from
now how to implement that tax as a hold
of the discussion but the problem with
with the problem you can see with things
like Medicare for all is um so the most
recent polling this is probably within
the past year maybe six months and there
might be more polls about this now
because people are asking that the
intricate questions the new ones
questions when you ask Americans like
how do you feel about Medicare for all
that number is really high it's like
eighty percent when that's the question
but when you ask how do you feel about
Medicare for all when private insurance
is banned the support drops to like
twenty four percent but when you ask how
do you feel about Medicare for all where
private insurance isn't banned but
everybody is guaranteed insurance from
the government the rises to like fifty
two percent or something right so like
the way that it's phrased that like the
policy path forward can be very
difficult even at everybody agrees as a
problem much the same with climate
change like um you can get ninety nine
percent of people in a room to say look
climate change is a problem and it's
like oh cool we can fix us all right
guys are
solutionist you got to stop driving your
cars okay well now your support just
felt like three percent right well holy
[ __ ] so even if people are united on a
front saying well there's a problem that
doesn't mean that a policy way forward
is like is gonna be like a clear
solution that there's gonna be like
consensus around any particular policy
no I agree with that though entirely
okay
well I mean like you made the big
argument that democracy works in America
because most people no no my my main
point and you didn't get to quite the
end was just basically that it's not
actually a democracy well but it can be
a democracy we Americans all agree that
clarity's around they just don't agree
what to do about it
like there's a lot of Republicans that I
really agree with you about though oh
okay so I'm absolutely not going to
argue that that point against you at all
I agree there are a lot of people who
have a lot of different opinions on how
you fix that and I mean there's not
there's no consensus on it but at the
same time if there were not a corporate
interference in the information economy
surrounding it it would be easier to
come to a consensus a and B if for
instance it was less commodified health
care I like to even go with the multi
pair example if we were just simply less
commodified it in the health care arena
it would it would ultimately I think
PETA centered direction were not having
as much of a sort of lead discussion
like there's not a large amount of money
going into advertising or as large
anyway so in your society where we no
longer are capitalists and we're
socialists here we have coops or market
socialist or whatever would you ban all
forms of advertising no then why
wouldn't a co-op be able to advertise
for something the same way that a
corporation does how do you okay so what
exactly is the relation that is
expressed in the advertising how is how
is how is advertising bought and sold in
a non market economy so Exxon buys and
sells advertising in order to bolster
its capital basically right to be very
profitable company so why couldn't a
co-op like vote to do the same like yeah
we should do what we do to protect our
company particular jobs well I mean okay
so they they would vote
hey I get to do this but where do they
get to do it like what what realistic do
they have to advertise on you would just
buy ads at a co-op owned like radio
station Oh what if the other the coop
doesn't want that like if it's not a
market economy what are they exchange oh
so we're so we're out of a market
economy completely for me I would
advocate out out of a market economy so
you would want like an entire is a
centrally planned system no not entirely
soon you can have a democratically
playing system however wait wait so when
I say centrally planned what I mean is
like you're not using markets to
determine the modes like the inputs and
the outputs of production but you're
using like some government body to do it
when I say centrally planned I don't
know I'm sure I'll yeah okay fine yeah
yeah I mean I can't argue against that
that's like a whole other bag of
problems like the central planning
problem is something that absolutely
like has never been figured out by any
country ever and would require like an
unfathomable or insurmountable amount of
information and data processing I don't
know I can't yeah I mean it'd be cool if
we essentially planning every part of
argue against that sure but like that
doesn't I don't get anywhere like I
can't make any good prescriptions from
that point of view like I can't like if
I take that point of view I can't apply
that to anything today in society to
figure out how to make things better I'm
just [ __ ] so here's the thing like
what we're doing ultimately here is
arguing idealism versus idealist no that
is not true
yes I'm arguing for the practical
reality that exists today and I would
give prescriptions today based on what
we do so for instance maybe the EPA can
make statements about what fossil fuel
companies can or cannot advertise or
maybe we have things like cap-and-trade
or carbon taxes that punish companies
that pollute too much so that those are
real policy positions I go when you
count on central planning you on those
policy positions though like within
relative to this system today that's
exactly what I think that we should be
doing so where is yeah I guess my
question is I see a lot of people
looking way way in the future and we
know we can't get there anytime soon and
then I see people like destiny who are
saying this is what's possible now but
don't we want to make our this is what's
possible now in our this is what we hope
for a way way in the future kind of come
together so that we're moving towards a
specific goal I'm not sure that's just
my thoughts but I would agree
yeah I guess my thought my thought here
is that like what this is ultimately and
I would even go ahead and say pretty
much every single one of these
discussions has ultimately been like the
argument towards or against rather the
ideal of what X person has like I I come
in and I say hey I don't want to market
I don't want this I don't want that but
unfortunately like idealism isn't
automatically antagonism like it takes
it is so when like because so for
instance and I'm going I'm just
appealing to chat right but like I could
appeal to YouTube comments sections or
other commenters usually when people
like me make these types of like
incremental suggestions I get called a
capitalist bootlicker a status quo
supporter liberal fascist neoliberal
like defender that I'm just defending
the existing establishments and I never
want anything to change like that's
usually the response from the left about
any of these issues that's why you see
like all of these hit piece videos now
made on a Warren on Elizabeth Warren
like people are saying she's like
basically Republican she's a horrible
piece of [ __ ] blah blah blah like you
know like it's it's the same [ __ ] that
you would have expected to see like like
Republicans basically make against her
except now Bernie bros are doing it
because she's like not far left enough
for him sure go ahead
I was just gonna say like I hear what
you're saying and I think maybe I'm
wrong on this but from my understanding
that's like a lot of frustration based
on people who are getting left out and
who are linked you know you we are
losing a lot of people still and there's
the hope that we can do better this is
something I struggle with a lot because
I'm like is this possible but also look
at how much damage is still happening
and there's a lot of difficulty there
for sure I don't know if I agree when
when you talk and then looking at this
these chat everyone starts like doing
all these little Eva Eva so based cute
yeah this is so this has been basements
good so this is my big problem is that I
actually totally disagree with you I
don't feel like the lefties online care
about who's getting left out or not like
even bread tube has made videos about
this about how insanely white and
insanely college-educated a lot of these
leftist audiences are like these are
people who at the end of the day don't
have any intimate attachment to any of
these issues you
at the end of the day the only thing
they care about is pushing through like
they're fun like socialist revolution
because it's like the biggest meme that
they want to do but when it comes to
saying things like hey we have a Supreme
Court that's on the verge of possibly
rolling back roe v wade it'd probably be
good to get a Democrat in and the people
on the left like well no getting Biden
in that's not any real change that's the
same thing or electing a Liz I don't
know if kolinsky specifically said it
was replies to him but saying is like
getting Warren and that's the same type
of person that got us trumps like
there's like no meaningful difference to
a lot of these people between Elizabeth
Warren Joe Biden and Donald Trump it's
all part of the same establishment and
it's either Bernie or some more luck
figure that or that's it like these
people seem like they don't care about
people who are getting left out or
people who have like actual issues that
they're dealing with every day it's more
just the socialist revolution view is
because of my mod actually specific
sorta specifically has the view of the
single what is it single-payer health
care that might be a little bit extreme
for us right now but Koch was hard of
hearing and and brings a lot of
information around disabilities and that
is exactly why because of the disability
issue and his concern around that so I
can't speak to those people of course
but I know that that is at least in
patches case the reason why I think on
the whole like we need to get someone
left and like I said it earlier harm
reduction really matters so like well
I'm gonna scream that I hope Bernie gets
it and then I'm gonna keep Warren as my
second pick yeah it when voting day
comes if Biden's the only option I'm
[ __ ] fighting my pride and taking
Biden I did it with Hillary I'd do it
again um I did anything better than the
current [ __ ] status quo has to be
enacted like [ __ ] harm reduction
really matters you point towards like
the Supreme Court being against roe v
wade [ __ ] in five days they vote on
whether or not LGBTQ people stay
protected in title nine it's probably
gonna be legal to fire me for being
trans in five days Mike and Ruth bata
isn't gonna make too many more terms
like we really need to get Democratic
control um but even getting Democratic
control I will say I kind of feel like
that's a moot point because getting a
Tim in there now isn't gonna help sway
the the bias on Supreme Court like we're
probably [ __ ] for at least a
generation at this
sure but Ana keeps one more conservative
judge from going up there true I'll give
you that sure yes I agree with like
here's the thing like you'll hear me
talk about how I want
I would like central planning I would
like that type of and when I say central
planning I'm going by the definition
you've you're using here I would like
that I would like all of these things
but these are idealism and I completely
I don't think that just one hundred
percent saying hey this is the only
thing I don't think it works I think
it's very clear that it doesn't work
because well I'm here for Bernie Sanders
I'm here to advocate for him in the
primary I think that the single-payer
system is the way to go I'm probably not
going to be cool convincing you on that
but personally I will absolutely vote
for Joe Biden if Joe Biden is the
Democratic nominee I don't think that
that's ideal like everyone please stop
you're hurting me
I understand your point right but it's
just the outcome is so horrible right
now is absolutely a primary right now
that I mean they're the reason we need
to say these types of things as we
articulating differences yes for me I
don't want warrant if when's the nominee
I'll probably want warrant over Trump
I can't imagine and possibly not wanting
any of these people over Trump okay yeah
I think what you've had is you've had
some of the like crazy jackasses like
specifically you see some of them in
chat right now and the people saying i
100% won't be fight both voting for
Biden no matter what and it's like
anyone who says that just instantly like
[ __ ] you like you're part of the problem
but a lot of these larger figures like
play into it as well like Kyle kolinsky
is a huge [ __ ] shill for the Bernie
campaign right now and he's like started
this thing where he's like dug in hard
like on attacks against war and like in
a really ridiculous monster like if you
disagree with warrant on some things
like that's fine there are meaningful
differences between Warren and Bernie
and if you want to
that's fine but don't go to these weird
like bases to be a Republican yes you're
not supposed to baselessly not
baselessly a tag to be like at least
like stick to real points like don't
just tell me a republic um I mean we
went through his last video where it was
just like a bunch of like really dumb
like she signed on to like a spending
bill and that was like a horrible thing
or like oh she confirmed the the HUD
director and that was horrible when like
didn't she and he's like I don't even
know why she did it but like you can
literally google and search and she's
like you know it's not the Senate's job
to like turn down you know people like
that's the president's authority and you
either confirm or not rightly it's just
like a bunch of like really bad like if
you want a big stick to like big like
substantiative attacks like then do it
but like I don't know it just feels like
really weird and digging into like crazy
[ __ ] because people are like so anti-war
now or like I see like a lot of people
pointing out that she was like a
Republican in like the 90s or something
and it's like okay um it's further back
it was the eighties sure I remember
Oh apparently Kyle brought up the Native
American thing too or that yeah I don't
know I don't even know about that if he
did that that's even more subtly yeah so
I mean like yeah like you've seen like
all the JD people there justice stems
people are like going crazy with like
the smears and it looks like they are
indistinguishable for like Republican
attack ads that I just read that from
probably my Chad I don't know that's
true maybe he didn't do that but I
haven't gone and looked at that yet but
I can't stand Kyle kolinsky he's one of
those fuckwads that goes on and he'd
pull rants and I just know annoys the
[ __ ] out of me is it Paul just basically
in our sectional people identity
politics yeah anything to do with gender
sexuality race etc etc etc anything
intersection he's a good class
reductionism yeah wait really no eight
poll is the opposite of class
reductionism no I mean the people who
criticize they'd pull like blindingly or
plastered oh yeah there could they call
it a stupid poll I think right or ed
poor Eddie no I think I call it stupid
policy she wasn't people are saying my
mic is too quiet
oh yeah even Peters made these tweets he
did a few days ago to everyone calling
Sanders supporters racist can we get
some acknowledgement for Liz pretending
to be Native American until last year
when she made a bet with trav about hemp
ah yeah yeah
no I mean if people are calling Bernie
Sanders supporters racist then that is a
relevant point okay am I going to like
sit there and talk about that not
relative to that point probably not I
just don't think it's that important
much the same way that like some people
bring up the writing that Bernie made
about like the the sex whatever creative
writing thing you did like in the 60s or
I don't even know how old that is about
like the sex and having sex with a I
don't remember what it was a super dumb
like I don't care about stuff like that
I think it's a dumb attack against
Bernie I think that the Native Americans
shed is a dumb attack against Warren but
I mean that's I think that's a shitty
side of politics and I literally I
believe this is part of the two-party
system just tearing itself apart to keep
being [ __ ]
I'm part of the sorry good anytime I've
done like door-to-door during primaries
trying to like help a candidate that I
wanted to see succeed Bernie on that
list I've done tons of others but we'll
keep to the relative combo like when I
was uh when I was out like promoting
Bernie and trying to help him in the
primaries that he did win in my state
people out promoting Hillary would then
like do personal attacks I got called
the t slur the F slur I know other trans
people and LGBTQ people that happened to
I the same thing happened when I was out
for a Ringel Steen I was pushing for a
local state senator and yeah like you
get disgusting [ __ ] like that all the
time and I think that's just a gross
side effect of the two-party system
hence my avid cries - like dismantle the
[ __ ] Electoral College because it's a
just gross representation of us mm-hmm
I do think we absolutely do need to
remember also that that type of a thing
is deployed relative to other thing
that's something that I think is really
important there if I was making that in
reference to somebody who was
specifically saying that to support
Bernie Sanders was racist okay which is
I mean is that not a ridiculous I like
automatically to support Bernie Sanders
as racist is that not as ridiculous as
saying like
it really matters if Warren was um no I
mean like it could be an okay response
but I think you're a little bit more
ideologically motivated than what you're
saying cuz literally your next tweet
right underneath that one was about how
Warren was voting for Republicans in the
80s so but okay no I I I'll have to
agree with you on that it's probably is
ideologically motivated but I will also
say like it is a bit ridiculous to say
like automatically to support Bernie
Sanders he is in fact racist like that's
of course yeah I agree that I think most
people would who are you looking forward
to destiny like who are you gonna vote
for
I would like Bernie or Warren both of
them are to the left of me but I think
like politics in this country a shift is
so [ __ ] far to the right that I'm
comfortable as somebody to the left of
me being in the Oval Office so are the
John Delaney things in you just like are
those memes no I think Delaney is
actually like brings up like a lot of
really good points I actually really
like him as a candidate he's totally
unelectable he'll he has no enthusiasm
he doesn't have good stage presence he
might have like further I don't know
what he's like on foreign policy at all
but um Delaney's ideas about marrying
like like market forces with like
government incentive is like a super
intelligent way to approach policy that
nobody seems to ever want to do like
most of Elizabeth Warren and Bernie's
proposals for how to pay for things are
pure delusional fantasy but my hope is
that like by the time these things go
start getting hammered out like in
committees and I may get to like the
floor maybe they'll have like some
actual way to fund them I mean to be
fair Delaney was having a good time on
that slide yeah definitely definitely a
better time to go definitely a better
time than Bernie was recently in the
hospital that's for sure he's genuinely
happy about that about who what about
Bernie I mean having surgery yes I want
him to die good you don't want any there
I do think it's a little bit ridiculous
that like all of the political leaders
that were looking through today are
literally like [ __ ] 90 years old Beau
Biden Warren minimum age forty years old
thirty five I think it's insane a brand
building you can't you literally can't
get to that point unless you stop it yes
you've had a lifetime which is why I
will be running in 2024 I'm proud to
announce here first all right I'm
kidding good going the people in our
area a lot of people involved are older
and like I walked into our Democratic
Club and it's like a bunch of old people
and I'm like oh who has time and energy
to get involved it was you know older
people yeah well yes I have to be like
someone who's incredibly narcissistic to
want to have that kind of position in
the first place and then dedicate your
life to getting there and then you have
to disagree I've thought of running but
like I'm you know I've got piercings and
like my thing is I would want to make
the world a better place and if I can do
that through that impact you know like
but you know you're one of the good ones
okay like you're the majority of people
who were becoming these hardcore at
long-term politicians it's about a cult
personality I mean you have to have
money oh that yes that as well yeah you
do well again it's the brand building
you spend more time and more money
putting yourself in front of other
people mm-hmm and other people know you
and it's unfortunate but I mean that's
where we are and then you're gonna what
become the president when you're 85 like
that's what you should be looking for if
you really play your cards right and do
this long enough one day you could be
the grandfather president yeah it is
pretty unfortunate definitely a low note
it's really cute like she's sorry there
to cure for politics we're trying to get
back to fine I don't know where like all
the sjw's went any of us
the only one left everybody turned into
a [ __ ] commie and it's just driving
crazy so we latched on to the that
whatever intersection list we can find
we latch on to them because everybody
else has gone so far off the [ __ ]
deep end holy [ __ ] alright alright so
I'm here and we're gonna work and get
everyone together and we're gonna sit
down and have intersectional feminism
one on one with Eva sounds good it's
gonna be good
okay any other big stepford can I go
scream at my audience now with my big
words well I see you are funny you know
it's my job it's my job to be funny for
the last nine years thank you Peter
thank you I appreciate I would say
destiny if you ever want to chat
sometime let me know
sure thing all hit show buddy alright
yeah it was a pleasure as always d
thanks for taking the time time I love
you be careful guys I swear to [ __ ]
god if any of you come out of this
making a [ __ ] hit peace video I'll
[ __ ] okay I don't know if we've
argued over this before
there we go your everybody gets super
triggered or super [ __ ] amen brother
would you agree
