the fetus doesn't intentionally come
about you cause it to come about when
you go outside and something else rapes
you that's not that person is making the
decision to do it so these are not
analogous these are totally dissing
August situation Tara dead what you got
for everybody okay hey so are just two
things I wanted to talk about I'm
starting on abortion so can we both
agreed the fetus has a right to life
right that's kind of like your starting
premise I got sure okay
so would you then agree that the right
to life doesn't guarantee having the
right to be given the e so we're like
continued use of another's body yeah
okay so then why wouldn't the won't and
then have the moral authority to be able
to revoke consent from the fetus at any
point in the pregnancy because it seems
like when you engage in the acts of when
you when you gauge in sexual acts you
kind of accept that there is some risk
that you're gonna bring about the
existence of a life that will be reliant
on you but so when you're engaging in
those sexual acts you're not necessarily
be consenting to pregnancy even that's a
risk right like people engage in sexual
acts for all sorts of reasons that don't
necessary I mean if somebody wants to
drunk-drive they're not necessarily
engaging in the idea that they're gonna
kill somebody maybe they just want to
get home or they think it's fun yeah but
I think it's more akin to like owning a
house right like if I owned a house I
know there's a risk of it being
burglarized but that doesn't mean I'm
consenting to the burglar coming into my
house yeah but these acts are just a
novice like a burglar is its own world
agent that's committing something that
we would consider more wrong a fetus is
kind of something that's not necessarily
considering could are doing this moral
wrong with its own leg agency and like
we wouldn't really consider that a thing
yeah I guess that's true but so then
like I guess at what point would you be
able to mmm so if some if you like take
precautions so against like certain
things happening to your house is that
let's say to like it being destroyed or
like somebody coming into your house
maybe not even necessarily with like a
negative moral decision just somebody
wanting maybe like come in and reside
within your house you still are able to
revoke consent from that right it
depends on how you were broke consented
it depends on who the person is because
in the case of an abortion we're talking
about killing somebody now if an adult
broke into your house with intentions to
murder or steal your shirt or whatever
you
probably kill that if a three-year-old
broke into your house do you think you
should kill the three-year-old but I
don't think it's necessarily killing it
it's more of you're just not allowing it
to stay in your house the killing it's
just a byproduct of this really special
okay so tell me what you think's it's
relying sure so tell me what you think
would be morally acceptable here let's
say that you have a house you're
chilling inside all of a sudden a
three-year-old child wanders into your
house say that it's a it's like snowing
a lot outside and it's freezing cold do
you think that if you kick that child
out into the cold knowing that it's
gonna die in the blizzard do you think
that that's okay because he's in your
house you don't consent to it you should
be able to just kick him out into the
street and he dies and you're not like
you're free of responsibility from that
so I think that at the point where
you're within society and there's like
other options outside of just like
kicking it out into the cold where you
can just like you take it out into the
cold but then drive it to like the
nearest gas station or drive it to like
a fire station where they're able to
then take it up for adoption would be
the thing right because there's like
ways to abdicate responsibility once you
have social constructs set up sure but
let's say let's say for the sake of
example let's say let's say it's a cabin
in the middle of the woods and it's a
guy that doesn't like to [ __ ] with
society and he's like yeah [ __ ] all that
[ __ ] like I don't do adoption or
whatever it's not available in the
society or whatever right if they know
that they kick the child out into the
blizzard because it's infringing on
their property is that okay even though
the child's not like old enough to take
care of itself or know anything about
that would it be okay than if he didn't
have an alternative since a child is it
is infringing on his property without
like good reason or good cause and it's
a violation of his autonomy I guess like
at that point it wouldn't necessarily be
a good thing for him to do it but it
also wouldn't be like a moral wrong for
him to just abdicate the responsibility
of someone infringing upon him right
because he's not he didn't like consent
to that person coming into the house so
then when he's kicking them outside he's
like not taking on special
responsibilities yeah so I guess the
idea would be that whenever when within
a pregnancy whenever you're saying that
the woman it morally has to continue
carrying the child you're saying that
that woman should take on like special
moral considerations that we wouldn't do
give her in other situations for example
like I think the classic example is a
kidney donation where you wouldn't say
just because somebody is going to die
because they're not gonna receive my
kidney I don't have to give that person
my kid even though it might be like a
really really good thing for me to do I
still have the bottle well yeah so again
these are dissing algis let's say for
instance let's say that there are three
people okay and let's say that two
people want to go and have a fun
activity and there's like a 1% chance
that if they engage in that activity
that the other person is gonna need one
of their kidneys at that point do you
think you could compel one of them to
donate the kidney it's like because I
mean you kind of caused it like this was
your thing and you made it so that
person needed a kidney it was a really
low chance and you didn't want it to
happen but it did do you think at that
point you could compel them or do you
think it's a half I could it was such a
low percentage chance that that person's
just unlucky and they died no yeah I
think at that point it's again the idea
of like special moral consideration
weird like you did something where sure
there was a risk that you were going to
have to become like dependent give the
person the kidney but you aren't
necessarily consenting to that act so at
the point where then they ask you for it
you still have the ability to withdraw
or give consent at any point and then
after you've given consent which I think
would be analogous to the woman like
giving birth to the child that's at the
point where you've taken on some kind of
responsibility not just like oh there's
a risk there's a possibility so now I
somehow have more moral considerations
like it would be a really good thing if
you did but it's not like in a morally
necessitated thing it's I kind of deal
like does not equal should right wait
what hold on wait up wait so why what's
the difference between the two people in
a kidney thing okay but versus like the
woman getting pregnant the two people in
the kidney thing is fine so like if I
didn't hear exactly what the your
metaphor was but your there was
something like risk right well yeah so
two people are engaging in an activity
and it might make the third person need
a kidney do you think that if they do
that and then because of their actions
the third person does need a kidney even
if it's a really low percentage chance
do you then think that that third person
has like the moral authority to kind of
say like hey you should give me a kidney
because this is your fault um no because
they still don't have the ability to
trump the other person's right to bodily
autonomy just because like like even the
drunk driving one was a good example if
the person gets in an accident and like
injures somebody else and they now need
an organ transplant you still cannot
force a drunk driver to give up his
organs to the person he injured because
he still has that right to bodily
autonomy that's trumping the right to
life all right it's not trumping it
necessarily but just like enacting the
bodily autonomy means that the right to
life is going to possibly be infringed
on in that
Nuala I'm just going the [ __ ] out of
this tubes key oh [ __ ] okay so you're
saying that what did we use the car
analogy for a gun alarm here
so you said you said that there was a
drunk driver right and that he got in an
accident and injured somebody else and
so what I was saying is that if you got
in that accident and you injured the
other person and now they need an organ
transplant you're not morally obligated
to give him your organ because that's
violating your right to life or your
right to bodily autonomy even if it's
going to potentially infringe on his
right to life no it would be a really
good thing if you did but that's like
special moral consideration they sound
like the baseline moral necessity Lord
actually I'm not sure actually I really
like the idea of it I've never thought
about that before if you get into an
accident with somebody actually I think
I feel like you would be obligated if
you got into an accident with somebody
and it damaged both of their kidneys
beyond repair and that person was gonna
die and you were the person that caused
the accident
should you be compelled to be moral
maybe not legally remember from a moral
sense should you be compelled to donate
one of your kidneys to them I kind of
think you should be otherwise that
person just dies even though you could
have saved somebody with an
inconvenience to yourself yeah I
actually I kind of think you should be
but so well okay so I guess I would
disagree at that level but then let's
even take it further and just say that
like um it's so which you then apply
that to every situation or would you
only apply to situations where you were
the direct cause of the person needing a
transplant probably like if you're
engaging in behavior if you're engaging
in behavior that's like has like a
chance of causing like this kind of
stuff to happen then you should probably
be willing to deal with the consequences
of said stuff I think so like what when
if you have like parents who are know
that they're genetically predisposed to
have a child who's gonna have like renal
problems and they have that child and
now the child needs one of the parents
kidneys is that parent obligated to give
the child the kidney because he knew
that there was a possibility of it so
now we still like violate his bodily
autonomy I kind of think so yeah hmm I
think that's interesting kind of like
how like I would say like a parent is
obligated if you want to carry a child
to term that has like a severe like
disability or something I think that you
should it should be on you to take care
of him if you knew that was gonna happen
you did the amniocentesis or whatever
and you got to test it and you knew that
I was
yeah it's kind of your responsibility to
deal with that that you kind of like
yeah but but would you allow them the
parent at that point to give up the
child for adoption or would you say like
no this is now your obligation you
cannot abdicate those rights I mean if
there's other systems in place to deal
with it then I think it's a little bit
different kind of life which is why it
gets tricky after birth sure yeah after
birth it's a lot easier because we have
other systems in play to deal with
things sure um I just think it's C I'd
like I I guess the idea would be that
it's like causing so many bodily same
like potentially life in your Micah's
cutting out a lot
sorry hold on uh can you wait a sec you
might cut out a toner I think the idea
is it still cutting out or is it good
now um it cut out a little bit again but
sigh god damn okay I was just saying I
think that at the point where it's
causing different bodily changes to her
so there's like negative repercussions
of her carrying the child that she
should be able to withdraw that consent
to the being pregnant just cuz there was
like a small risk like would you say if
she used like different contraceptions
like she's on the pill and he used a
condom at that point if she's like took
all the precautions she could to not
have a child would you say she still
doesn't have any more right to withdraw
consent to the pregnancy I mean you
still know that there's a risk of it
happening though I mean you do but I
guess the idea is that like consent to
sex isn't necessarily consent to
pregnancy because people have sex for
like all sorts of reasons outside of
getting credible but I mean like a sign
of is like I mean if you I don't know if
I agree with that premise that like if
you consent to do something with a
result that you know could happen you
don't consent to that result like I feel
like I would go back to my drunk driving
now I would make the same I like just
because I Drive drunk doesn't mean I
want to kill people like or I consent to
killing people well I mean that's what's
gonna happen if you do that right or
there's it there you have to accept
there's a highly elevated risk of doing
that right right but I think like you
can take actions post like after the
decisions been made to try to like
remedy what's happened so I think like
abortion would be one of those actions
that you can take to try to say like oh
I knew there was a risk and now I do not
want to have this child cuz I can't take
care of it so I'm going to take like the
action of abortion in order to like
mitigate those risks I knew could have
happened well but you're saying that
you're one donor your mitigation of this
one is killings
money that's like saying I knew that if
I drove drunk I could I could hurt
somebody so after I get into a crash I
go to the car and I kill the person so
they don't have to deal with them being
injured afterwards I don't think that
well I think it would be more like if
you got in the accident and well I guess
it goes back to the thing we said with
the kidney like would you be stopped oh
my god oh my god okay you're too smart
for this unable table to make these dumb
[ __ ] arguments okay getting mugged when
you go outside or getting raped when you
go outside are different things because
the other people acting here you're
gonna sign blame to them you can't
assign blame to an unborn person okay
the fetus doesn't intentionally come
about you cause it to come about when
you go outside and something else rapes
you that's not that person is making the
decision to do it so these are not
analogous these are totally dissing
August situations I don't know why you
complain today raping we just know I'm
like I thought those people in chat seem
like real dumb [ __ ] okay so I got it
okay I was just gonna say because like
it's it's it's hard to make in these
analogies because you usually want
someone in fringes on your bodily
autonomy they have malice right yeah or
their that's why that's why I use the
analogy but but like we can we can look
at real examples so for instance like a
40 year old breaking into my house
I'm gonna treat that a lot differently
than a four year old breaking into my
house right I'm not gonna go so intent
on that right yeah yeah but I I think
like in both situations you have the
ability to remove that person from your
house like say it's like a home and who
just wants a place to live he comes into
your house he has no malice in that but
you still have the right to like
extradite him from your house because
he's infringing upon your bodily
autonomy or I guess if the house is akin
to the body in this situation and so
it's just like you're withdrawing
consent to someone else being there and
so like the results that come after you
withdraw that consent aren't necessarily
your fault or like your moral baggage
will kind of accept but we know what
happens if you were draw if withdraw
consent to the fetus we know that it's
going to die god damn it yeah and so
it's it's kind of just that at that
point where the you know that the fetus
is going to die when you withdraw
consent it you have to like kind of take
the conte and categorical imperative of
like applying it to other situations in
society which is where I was saying like
there's no other situation where we're
going to force somebody to give up their
organ like even the ones you were
talking about with the drunk driving
like I know that ye are being like
morally consistent but I think that like
for the rest of society we
would never structure it in a way to
which that drunk driver was gonna be
forced to violate his bodily autonomy
well well I disagree talking about we're
appealing to societal norms now to make
a moral argument morally I actually
would make that argument I actually
really like that idea I've never thought
about it before that if you got and
actually I feel like even rhetorically I
feel like I could argue that very
successfully and no one would disagree
me if you got into an accident and the
other driver was like on the verge of
death and the only way he could be saved
was a blood transfusion and you happen
to be like a matching blood donor I
think everybody I'm appealing to society
no but I think everybody in society
would condemn the [ __ ] out of you feel
like yo I don't have to donate my blood
to that [ __ ] I think everybody
would hold that person morally
responsible there we go dude you got
into an accident you caused that person
to get injured and now you're not gonna
donate to saving like what the [ __ ] is
wrong if I feel like most people would
be like okay yeah he definitely should
do that right well so then there's like
different levels of obligation based on
like the amount of time I guess it takes
you to be able to meet that obligation
so like I think you're right if a
pregnancy maybe took like an hour right
or something that's really simple with a
blood transfusion but if you've got an
accident and then you said the only way
that this person can be saved if you've
we plugged you into him for nine months
I think that the moral consideration
would be different in that case you
wouldn't say that it's moral for it's
moral to say that that person has to do
I don't know if they I don't know if
they would or not if that other person
caused that person to enter that
condition if that was if it was their
fault 100% their fault so like even when
you add on all the different layers of
burden that it's going to put on the
initial person where it's saying like oh
you're gonna be hooked up for nine
months it'll cause bodily changes but
then afterward you'll be released you'd
still say that it's like moral to say
you have to engage within that activity
even though you don't want your body
being violated yeah if you if the
alternative is the other person saying
whoa up sorry that other person is just
gonna die because if you're a mistake
and that's your and it's your fault but
that other person just gonna die because
we don't want to just we don't want to
[ __ ] with your bodily autonomy yeah I I
think and so like what like I guess if
is there any way to get deeper do you
think in this moral consideration and
where you're saying that like like on
what I guess how are you making that
moral evaluation that you're saying that
it's okay even though we're putting all
of these burdens on well basically I
think that it you probably shouldn't
murder people is generally what I am
it's generally my mic take that you need
like a really good reason well you it
wouldn't be murder at that point like
they generally we probably shouldn't
murder people in society and that it
looks like from the way that abortion
works is probably murder right and so
that's probably the thing we should
avoid and that's basically the entirety
of the argument yeah I gotcha and all I
want several utilitarian sense wouldn't
it just makes sense to consider a human
connection once they're born sorry okay
sorry okay go ahead well be saying um
yeah I don't
hmm I I guess the idea is that like you
want to be able to give people as many
options to be able to like like not
consent to having that child before they
have it so like the first level of
defense would be like all the like
representative care we have yeah
contraception all of that and but since
there's always a risk when you're doing
that and to have a pregnancy that then
the second level would be then to
withdraw consent before you give birth
and have that child I think that's like
a hard core well that's a hard core
equivocation you say like withdraw
consent to have but you're saying murder
the child like it is what you're saying
at that point right I feel like you you
can't concede personhood and then like
making an argument because your
arguments always gonna come back to it
well we there's a way to take care of
this but you have to kill the kid well I
don't I don't think that's a winning
argument it's withdrawing consent and
both that situation and the one we
talked about earlier where you're
plugged up to the person if you say I
don't want to be plugged up to this
person anymore I would say that that
person has oh sure but that's fine if we
disagree there then that could be then
that's just the point we disagree on
that we'll never agree on like I would
say that you could hold a person who's
morally culpable for that person state
that you could hold them like
responsible to you know help that person
for nine months so that they don't die
but but if you disagree with that which
is fine I mean that's yeah either
position yeah I can see being argued
yeah sure all right yeah I'll think more
about that issue of like how to argue
that because I think like but I think
this argument is a lot more productive
than the typical one of like when the
person is a person hood because I think
almost always
a life person wins that moral argument
well yeah but the problem is that if you
grant personhood you're basically coming
up with reasons to murder someone which
is a really [ __ ] hard bar to pass am
i a my opinion I don't that argument is
almost unwinnable I think it's better to
try to define personhood as like
consciousness or some other like some of
those arguments it would be an easier
way do you you would agree that we like
grant people all rights until they start
like infringing on others and that's
when we begin like pulling back rights
like it's a bar to take away someone's
right right
well yeah but when the bar is you're
murdering another person that bars been
met right like if me taking away some of
your rights are granting you rice is
gonna lead to somebody else's death then
yeah we then that bar has been met even
in our legal system we kind of see that
where there's a distinction right
between like murdering somebody and
pulling away consent for use to the body
even if like the byproduct of that is
that they're not viable to live without
you I mean like there is a difference
but in this case the difference is
almost trivial to borderline
non-existent so like for instance like
if I were to walk by a pool and I see
like a two-year-old fall into the pool
literally right next to me and all I
would have to do is just kind of like
reach over and pull him up and then I
just watch that kid die for like two
minutes I like I think that you're
you're at a level of like pretty high
culpability there when it went saving it
would have been so easy although to be
fair like giving birth to something
isn't necessarily easy as well right
like they would snow in months of oil
changes and whatnot but that's why I was
getting to the level of like we're like
more responsibility with like shorten
like smaller things like that sure I
would completely grant that you would
have the responsibility to do that but
do you have the responsibility the whole
dead person's like head above the water
for nine months right like like when you
add on all these burdens I think you can
see the moral argument shifted the idea
that you should be able to like not
consent to those things happening to
your body I guess it's just really hard
when you've already consented to the
initial idea that brought it about and
the way to get out of that once you've
kind of get past that initial consent us
to kill somebody like I don't I feel
like it's hard but I mean I I don't
think there's a hard right or wrong here
and that's why I don't debate this issue
and it's [ __ ] cancer and my policy
position is to be promotion anyway so
yeah and I'm like all the arguments like
if you're pro-life you should be
proportions sorry all right am i I can
you hear me now yeah okay I was saying
I'm pretty sure if you're pro-life you
should be pro legalizing abortion
because there's like a Global gag rule
where the US will pull back funding from
different areas and so they'll have to
stop abortions and they see like net
abortions increase in those areas
because they don't have access to like
education and contraception and stuff
like that mm-hmm
yeah but um okay so the the other thing
I wanted to talk about um so I was um I
don't know if you watch any of the
steven crowder stuff I kind of hope you
don't but uh I was on his one of his
changed my mind episodes the students do
part one where did a gun control and I
got like a lot of pushback from that
with people saying that like oh I
shouldn't engage with the right-wing
like you're just helping them I was
wondering what your thoughts were on
that I mean I feel like I've talked
about this like a ton I mean I think if
you engage with them in a responsible
manner if your platforming good argument
and you feel like you're making good
arguments I feel like it's okay to do it
ya know that's what I would agree with
is the pushback was mostly just out like
oh you're somehow validating what
they're saying by even engaging with
them the conversation if they're not
going to engage with you on like a
baseline reality mm-hmm I mean you have
you have the arguments at some point I
mean at some point it would be past the
time for argument's on and that's when
revolution comes Kate comrade but very
soon very soon yeah but um yeah I don't
know if you ever wanted to see that one
I would be interested to see what your
take was I argued a gun control of the
student at UT was kind of fun yeah dusty
like are you against another
conservative student and then debate him
uh-huh
it's kind of fun but yeah then I I if
anybody wanted if anybody who saw all
that cuz I think I was like three
million views at that point wants to see
the I made like a little response thing
where I lay down my case more if you
look up I think like the students debate
part one rebuttal Sean or something
you'd find it but I don't know is kind
of interesting
okay we might look into it a five-time
okay okay cool well it was nice talking
to you yeah I think more about the HJ
alright everybody
he's saying is if his members go out and
start murdering people so I need you
