hello everybody and welcome to empires
of Arcadia how are the four of you doing
today and good tired but good I know
it's like 2:00 a.m. for you you monster
yep three hours later let's go well
that's good it's good you should be in a
good place when your character possibly
dies how about you Trump how you doing
I'm energized I'm ready to save the
world of art excellent excellent what
about you Stephen wait hold on
we're saving the world I thought we were
just building empires I'm when I'm with
that I don't want to say that well they
don't cool because we may not be saving
the world here Trump we might already
have some PvP lined up oh I'm excited
for this one and what about you Devin
everything's great right now just a
couple of technical difficulties just
one sec the goblins are having problems
[Music]
so welcome to empires of Arcadia this is
a fifth edition Dungeons & Dragons
campaign taking place on the island of
Arcadia it is a jungle covered island
with tall mountains immense rainstorms
morning fog that kind of covers
everything until about noon really
reducing visibility lots of monsters
including troll Abreu's various
different sorts of dinosaurs jungle
worms melting Giants what other weird
things have I created electric eel
hounds we have coming up here we've got
oohs Ed's we've got swarms of Ranas we
have blink Tigers and faze spiders so
while you're all quite attached your
characters do understand that at any
point in this campaign one of your
characters may die and you'll just have
to make a new one luckily with structure
of this campaign it'll be really easy to
bring in your replacements so without
further ado why don't we go around the
table and introduce some characters and
get to know our people and let's start
with trump who are you and who are you
playing got me right as I finish eating
a grape okay my name is trump I am
mostly a hearthstone streamer and today
I'm going to use them for the campaign
for the entire campaign I'm going to be
playing the monk as I
who is I tell me about him his eye is
one of the older people of this village
town he's around 50 and he has been
defending this town for a good three
decades now so he is a happy to do
whatever he can for it
excellent and he's got some white hair
he's got humble belongings but one thing
he always enjoys his as usual daily tea
or not even daily multiple day multiple
times a day at tea
excellent and what about you Devon who
are you and who are you playing today
hello ah grub is grub have to find out
in-game that's grub that's grub yeah
grubs in character most the time so how
what I'm Devon I don't know anything
about grub I can say that grub appears
as the first appearance of grub is as a
very small house cat okay that come and
I can I spoil at least your race and
class and that sort of thing you want me
to keep that a secret uh I know you
can't talk about it cuz you got to be in
character yeah I don't know I mean I you
can tell them whatever you want
all right well grub is our goblin druid
over here
he's cute he's adorable in his former
life he was a gardener before he came in
to be one of Rangers grubs not grubs not
grubs just grub grub is grub yeah that
was grub yeah next we have is Ariens is
Aaron who are you and who are you
playing today I'm playing idle on it's a
slightly power-hungry sorcerer that we
don't really know much about yet and he
really really wants followers wants to
it wants to build something big mmm man
with a mission man with a nursery thirst
for power I love it you know and last
but not least destiny who are you and
who are you playing today
my character is called Vaughn apparently
you've got 20 other people in your
campaigns with characters called Vaughn
I don't know why it's such a popular
name
but yeah my character so apparently in
this world there are classes of people
my character is part of the Guardian
class that protects the city from large
monsters von in particular was very good
at coordinating groups of people he
wasn't necessarily the strongest fighter
but he was good at figuring out what
different people needed and bringing
people together to kind of like
coordinate activities surrounding like
the defense of a city so for instance if
a monster is killed that's only the
first part of a city defense you need to
rebuild defenses you need to scavenge
parts for the monster and you need to
bring a lot of people together to do
that and Vaughn excelled at those types
of things
excellent this if you don't mind taking
us to to show the artwork that's gonna
be on stream right now this is the town
that you will be working out of this is
Yaka
it is the greatest city in Arcadia there
are a couple of other strongholds
scattered about but they are all
inferior to the Great Pyramid of Yaka
you've got a population of a whopping
3,000 people within the walls of this
place everywhere else you know outside
of the cities you might have tribes of
five to ten maybe even 30 people living
together but that's the most so Yakka is
the massive city defended by these large
walls with spikes on them they're
monsters constantly attacking the town
and people there are constantly having
to defend them there's a wide sorry a
very narrow social structure built into
this with all these different
hierarchies and our players are going to
be the one hierarchy to the side the
Rangers is your job to go out and sort
of do the beating of the town in the
distance you know you're not the people
who gather food or defend the walls
anymore you're not the people who do the
gardening or the caretaking or the
building or the smithing you're none of
those folks you are the elite you are
the Rangers of Yaka you will be heading
out all over Arcadia for various things
that we'll get to eventually you're one
of a special class now within that
special class you guys are sort of the
rookies sort of the new people that have
been brought in there's maybe four or
five at a time different groups of
Rangers that function all in groups of
four because once you hit like five
people you start getting disadvantaged
on your stealth check so they
mechanically say it for people so you
stick as a group of four or fewer as you
go about and do your thing
and when we come into our story you guys
are waiting around for your next mission
there is a meeting of the council going
on in one of the rooms within the
pyramid you guys are standing on the
outside having been called to mission
your first real big one that is more
than just kind of exploring the nearby
area around you and why don't we hop
into game while you guys are waiting in
the corridor your newly formed group and
what is the conversation happening in
the corridor trip
alexia problems a small house cat
sitting on ideal on shoulder hello
everybody I just talked to his head
Zirin
that was indeed long I'm watching hey
Quentin I am as I very nice to meet you
a pleasure to meet the both of you my
name is Vaughn did you invent that name
yourself no I imagine my parents
invented it when they gave it to me very
good excellent so you're standing
outside the council room door is kind of
overhearing the mumblings going on when
the door opens and one of the counselors
comes out this is the cleric the cleric
that attends to the council and the
cleric brings you in and sort of stands
you in front of the council members
sitting in this large stone room inside
of the ziggurat that is the center of
Yakka and they stand around and they're
going to tell you a tale you see Yakka
is not the only town here there are
others as we were mentioned mentioning
before this one right here that you're
gonna see in the center of the screen is
Yaka and there's this other town way
down over here called Yuma oh you guys
can't see the map intentionally you're
actually get to see the map for now and
we will take it away from you for later
this over here right in front of you is
Yuma it
is a smaller lesser city and pretty much
every capacity but you have been visited
by a couple emissaries of Yuma it seems
that they have been having a problem for
some time a small green dragon decades
ago kind of took up in the mountains
near Yuma and has been slowly getting
stronger and getting stronger and it's
been something they have been able to
keep at bay for a long time decades
really but the dragon is finally getting
to the point where they're having
trouble keeping it at bay and they're
not people of Yaka they don't really
have the capacity to go and hunt down a
dragon and then these people that have
come here have come to the council of
Yaka to ask for something unheard of in
this area they would like to form an
alliance between Yuma and Yaka sort of
what they really want is your help and
they're willing to like make a group
alliance and work together if you if
Yakka will come and help rebuild parts
of their city that have been destroyed
and slay the green dragon now you guys
are not the first candidates for this
there is the the alpha team of Rangers
the prime Rangers the like level seven
or eight Rangers that are currently out
on another mission and haven't come back
yet and so this one is gonna fall to you
guys it is going to be your job to bring
klarik and some builders and some
craftsmen back to Yuma by way of River
and then go find and kill the green
dragon that has been bothering them now
when I say this I want you players to
understand that this green dragon is
like a CR six or seven creature and your
only third level so this dragon is going
to be a difficult battle this is not
like some small little thing that we're
doing this is like we're gonna put you
in a boss battle within the first three
or four sessions and it's gonna be a
hard one I kind of expect a few of you
to die at it so I just want you to all
be mentally prepared for the the trials
to come so we will raise an army well
well you can't really raise much of an
army around here unfortunately it's
gonna be a problem it's gonna have to be
the four view and you're gonna have to
escort these people down the river and
then you're gonna have to go kill the
dragon and then you're gonna have to
come back the house cat-like tumbles off
of the shoulder and suddenly it's like
this little green creature that's
sitting there and stringy hair and I'll
mess
what's this dragon like I don't even say
no dragon now grub you want it to be a
ranger instead of a gardener right do
you want to go back to pulling weeds and
tend into chickens join the elite ranks
what gret what what what do the ranks
tell me about the ranks what ranks how
many ranks five ranks five ranks five
ranks whoa what rank fifth rank super
ultra elite diamond guardian Ranger on
they kill one dragon no no you'll get
there eventually mmm that'll just give
you the ring to bring to a super drummy
mumbling to the wall okay
four okay four since this is a since
this is an empire building adventure
when we're getting these missions as
Rangers is it understood that it has to
be just the four of us or are we allowed
to try to draw in others for this or is
that kind of discouraged if you can draw
in others that might work but I think
generally you're gonna find other people
are gonna be less effective because once
you get five people on party you're
gonna have disadvantage on stealth and
perception chat or stealth checks moving
through the jungle so you're likely to
more likely to be attacked and ambushed
by other bigger creatures hmm and most
people kind of suck there are a few
other worthy folks that could be good
fighters but they tend to be guardians
who are here like to watch the town and
keep the town safe and you're this
special function of like doing things
outside of the town so maybe if you find
some like allies in the jungle who want
to help you then you could get some
assistance
but the town's folk like you are the
resources that can be spared for these
missions so realistically we're never
roping in like extra Guardians or
something the current disease okay it's
always gonna be the four of you unless
you can you know find some help in the
jungle somewhere
okay how far is Yuma from Yaka from
where we are now it's gonna be a three
day journey down the river
now the rivers here are dangerous and
the only reason that you should go down
the river at this point in time is if
you need to transport a lot of people
quickly which you'll need to be doing
cuz you're gonna have builders and
craftsmen and a couple of guardians and
a cleric and some other stuff so you
need to bring kind of like a whole posse
down the river with you which is gonna
be a tough journey because the rivers
are covered with lizard folk giant
crocodiles piranhas swarms electric eel
hounds giant octopus all sorts of
monsters it's gonna be a tough battle
down the river
oof when we talk clerk do we mean the
social class clique or an actual cleric
rather the same they are both social
class and mechanical clerics there are
is a small group of clerics that hold a
special place sort of at the top of Yaka
society which is why none of you could
be clerics because all the clerics are
already pulled to this one special class
all right any options besides which
direction is this river when you show
the map really didn't I couldn't so it
didn't yeah
sometimes the dynamic lighting gets a
little funky let me see now yeah so we
are where I will ping it for you again
you're sort of the one in the middle the
slightly golden looking hex and the
middle level oh yeah I see okay we ready
guys
so he has it down the river yeah you're
gonna head this way over here to Yuma
gotcha like that and it's gonna be about
a three day journey really like a two
and a half day journey down the river by
canoe going up the river is probably
like I think a seven or eight day
journey cuz you have to go against the
flow of the river so walk down to your
canoes and then probably row down your
canoes and then probably walk back I'd
be a faster route or you can canoe back
whatever you want we'll get to that
point in a few sessions when it when we
say canoe whoa
is this like a COI boot canoe or is this
like an actual like a pretty small canoe
cuz it seems really scary to do that in
a river with octopus and fairly large
canoe about I think there's 18 feet long
or something they can fit four people so
you will have one canoe for the four of
you and then there'll be a few commute
canoes behind you carrying the other
people but you guys are the advanced
Scout to draw any of the ire that might
be found by the river creatures hmm well
we're talking to someone in game about
this right yes well we're sort of
switching between in game anatta gaming
yes there is a cleric and the other
members the council here we'll get to
who the councilors are another time hey
hey come how many how many how many
greenies how many greenies in the river
all of them how many all of them no
number otherwise grub no grub five five
greenies okay pretty easy you guys we
for greenie only five greedy one out
number need more gobos but we can do
yeah very good easy so we did a week we
talked to tree and we get we get tree
help we get some trees in the trees help
I know how to do it grub show no not
much this seems like an exceptionally
dangerous journey yes this sort of
alliance will be unprecedented between
tribes yes
I mean let us say unprecedented are we
supposed to be like really primitive or
the technological level is quite
primitive but linguistically you can say
whatever you want okay are we allowed to
read here or do we not know how to read
no there's no writing paper rots too
quickly
no one needs it okay but we can save
words okay the journey is very dangerous
this sort of Alliance is unprecedented
right
no no presses this would be the very
first press actually oh and an
incredibly dangerous journey with no
reliable guides yeah doesn't only for
one super grub prank doesn't seem worth
it we should ask for more gold what do
we stand to gain for this alliance yeah
yeah yeah what did we get what you gain
from this alliance well no one's told
you that yet you can ask the people of
the Clarion I'm talking in yeah yeah
yeah yeah where's the where's the gold
the clear kind of double checks to make
sure the other people have left room and
says the goal is that we will unite all
of our Cadia together we will bring humi
and then we will bring outlast will
bring every single town under the rule
of a central power of Yaka and we will
govern Arcadia not the gold the gold
gold gold coins coins Tywin claims how
many coins your standard pay I just have
to go do something someone's at the
front door I'm so sorry I'll be right
back
alright way dad they have front doors
and stuff in this world of course wait
realistically this seems like a really
like I would like why would we ever do
this yeah because this is like is a huge
journey to a place that can't even
defend itself without any help for no
great I mean you're clamoring for a gold
but like realistically it's not like you
can buy anything this [ __ ] up world
like to fight a dragon that like wait I
know but I'm saying like what the [ __ ]
this seems like a horrible idea I don't
know I would ever do this I feel I would
roll play around that we should ask him
like we should make it better we should
like we have to we've got to drive the
reward up like crazy because we're
taking resources away from our
individual civilization like that
already can't afford it right where
everybody is on their own to go and do
this incredibly risky like it's not like
these people are benefit to us they need
our help just to exist because they're
gonna die to this dragon anyway like the
only thing I see that would be really
nice is if we save them from the dragon
the entire town follows us we become
their leader and then we take this town
as well I mean is like we can't bring
them all back to us right because I
assume we can't just support another
civilization and half them would
probably die in the journey or more we
would need like an immense like troop to
like move these people right because
Koree would probably make the journey
take like
12 days he says it's seven days back my
canoes who we'd have to go by land like
people would this seems like a disaster
like it was like some Trail of Tears
[ __ ] like this is no this doesn't seem
like a good especially with your stuff
you're gonna be the first to die
wow that is not gonna happen okay [ __ ]
that's like oh we're gonna die in two -
sorry about that
you should be so do you guys for him can
you explain again who are we talking to
who's presenting us with this you were
talking to one of the members of the
council specifically the cleric the
count a council of yucca or yuma yucca
yucca okay yes the cleric he is an old
ugly gentleman named didgeridoo okay all
right I'm telling him what did you say I
was did you do didgeridoo Rob is he
standing next to Vaughn just like he's
kind of stop it rubs kind of stop it up
and down okay mm-hmm
didgeridoo correct yes didgeridoo we
already have an incredibly limited
budget for resources you want us to take
a three-day cruise down the river to a
town that can't even defend itself to
slay hopefully one green dragon in the
hopes of gaining what this seems like a
suicide mission and even if our own
stinking rank well you should clear your
mind this is no suicide mission
we're doing it Janka ate your old man
old man what your name sighs should we
do you live long time no not you you
monkey man yes you want to live longer
no fight dragons you listen to grub
dragon bad ultimately if we wish for our
civilization to survive the test of time
we will need to form alliances he is
wise bagging big green me little green
and look how scary I am
I get big green even scarier don't be a
coward now grub no one likes fork our
goblin look it's been fifteen hundred
years since the storms came and the
mountains rose and our Katy was
transformed from a peaceful peaceful
pastoral land to this jungle you see
about you me you may not remember your
history young man but I certainly
remember the old tales in that time in
those 1500 years cities have come and
cities have gone empires have risen and
fallen as the other old man said if we
do not secure our future we will
eventually fade into the dust we're
looking way down the road here and it's
important for our survival our ability
to thrive that we band together with the
others and bring Arcadia under our heel
for once at all grab is chasing a fire
on the room about halfway through he
taps his foot looking at the goblin
shaking his head he's so damn talented
oh oh you you called grub grub is grub
is a girl I couldn't even tell that's
how damn talented she is this is
something season's racist and goblins
then came goblins lives matter' wanders
off mumbling into the corner starts
taking the trash now if this is too
dangerous you can all go back to being
guardians and gardeners if you'd like we
can wait for the B team to come and
they'll take care of it
B team what B team like how many bees do
they have are they fine bees can I shoot
bees they're walking these wacky bees
walking bees man-sized walking bees the
whole team of them why don't we just
have the bees do it yep I dragon I think
don't worry you can go back to being a
gardener then it'll be fine we'll have
somebody else take care of situation
closer
why you saying you think so why [ __ ]
maybe we'll be able to set up a truck
and kill the dog let's do it let's do it
I agree fun fun you are not also a
[ __ ] animal now are you I don't think
being wise about a dangerous situation
makes one a clucking animal but I
suppose if it must be done we ought to
be the ones to do it yeah
is it settled it is settled it is
settled sense yeah we tried then we fail
we send the bees let's go good good if
you need any supplies one of the
builders outside will be happy to fetch
anything that you need for your mission
hey one more thing yes I want this grab
want this holds up like a piece of trash
that's clearly worth nothing that has to
come with a deal okay
but if you're gonna take that banana
leaf I need you to do your best job yeah
very best yeah whatever just let me have
fine but you're getting a good deal this
time okay okay all right good now that
that's all settled do prepare for your
mission you'll leave in the morning the
boats are being prepared grub prepares
by hiding in a trash can the entire
night that's gonna be difficult since
there are no tracks where they put trash
that's regresses I mean it's all like
biodegradable compostable trash right
because it's all just wood and bananas
basically junk on the ground yeah
everything's made out of wooden bananas
in a trash heap on the ground then it's
just the trash heap on the ground yeah
in this big pyramidal base that you have
the city of yucca everyone has a strict
social class that they are born into
they spend their whole lives in and then
they die in unless they are
exceptionally talented and can end up as
a ranger
or a cleric so if you are a builder all
you do is build and you know you gather
stuff you do stuff you're sort of the
laborers and you just labor you oh the
the city of Yaka a certain amount of
labor every day and after that you kind
of do whatever you want and you get from
the city of Yaka a certain amount of
things that you need every day and then
beyond that you have to fend for
yourself on whatever you need so there's
sort of like a you fulfill this role for
the society and this role only is very
class driven but you also lack any other
sort of like necessary economy there's
no gold trade there's no trade with any
currency you just get the supplies that
the city says that you need and that's
it and then you do exactly what your
role is supposed to be one sex I yeah
it's pretty terrible but hey that's how
they survive in the jungle so what do
you guys need aside from what's already
on your character sheets for your first
mission down the river to Yuma that's
provided do we have a rope yes you can
get as much rope as you need you can get
rations if you need but the jungle is
plentiful and if you just walk around
within the jungle you're all good enough
that survival to fend for yourself in
terms of food if you're traveling really
really quickly and like only staying in
the river or trying to force March you
might need rations but if you travel at
a reasonable pace you can feed yourself
off the jungles all year-round should we
get a bear cub no the one problem one of
the many problems with the akka is the
lack of metallurgy the dwarves are
excellent miners and have access to
excellent ores but out here in the
jungle you're pretty much stuck with
stone tools and like what little forging
your people can do to like make repairs
for example Vaughn has this ancient
breastplate it's been in this within the
city walls of yatha for hundreds of
years and it's constantly being repaired
and handed down from one ranger to the
next so you guys can repair that sort of
like straight metal sheets but you
couldn't craft it from scratch the skill
of me
The Smiths just isn't there yet what's
the population of
yuuma like 700 like 700 people good yeah
about how long have we been Rangers
fairly recently you could all have come
in at different points but no more than
a year issue okay but we can make our
own scratch or our own traps from
scratch right sure depending on what
you're looking for there it is yeah oh I
want a shovel can I have a go shovel
yeah okay that's what I want
yeah and like a small hammer totally
we've discovered like fire right we have
like flint and you have fire yeah um so
as long as we have lots of rope somebody
has the rope can I get a confirmation
yes I have hempen rope you have Ramat
rope DF pen well no one that's the pen
wait what does that mean is that ten
feet or 50 feet or hundred feet or it's
50 feet of rope that weighs 10 pounds
okay do we all have rope
I have rope yes I don't but I mean we
can put it on the boat if we want okay
if we have to do something like climbing
a mountain or scaling something or using
rope to attach us to something you're
gonna be cut off for the party if you
don't have the ability to do this right
someone with some reason I'm checking oh
yeah it's a river well now it's a Reb
everybody who knows what it'll mean
later suddenly turn into a moan do you
be anything could happen yeah where's
the river from how far is the river from
the town though you know within less
than two and a half miles okay yeah hi
hopefully this is before you build towns
near rivers make sense
mm-hmm okay does everybody have like
some sort of like range weapon I guess
or some way to attack people at range
without having to use spell slots I like
crossbow yeah do you you do Zirin yeah
and then Trump and Devon
I know Trump doesn't and Devin what do
you have a way to attack people at range
with the can trip without having to use
a smell slot or no don't worry about
grub grub is grub alright okay this has
usually not been a concern for me but
you are right perhaps I should pick up
be simple about sure you can easily get
a simple bow a short boat or a long bow
your choice you're a human you can wield
either if you want to be wielding a bow
then while you're in a boat you'll have
to make decks checks to avoid like you
know falling out of the boat while you
stand up because you can't sit and use a
bow ziz is the only person with a
crossbow because again crossbows need
dwarven smithing to make and there was
one lying around and so does is got to
keep it okay
and then with her actions have we
decided these are not an issue right now
we're not worried about these or you
shouldn't be worried about them but if
you want to take them you can have as
many rations as you can carry
okay that's fun um in that case I think
we should be good to go alright the
party can spend one more night here in
town before heading out the next day and
this is time to get to know our
characters a little bit so let's start
with grub cuz I can't get enough for me
yet what do you do when you're not on
duty grub mmm Oh grub grub dad many
things
grubs so glad that is asked from grub
grub tell you all the things that gruff
does sometimes grub argues with tree
because trees have really dumb opinion
and grubs say you know tree sometimes
sometimes grub argue with tree because
tree is very shady and and and sometimes
certainly sometimes grub fine trash and
then grub keep trash but grub grub grub
sometimes can speak to tree and grub
sometime can speak to you to animal ah
and if that grub speak to bird now
hey burden yeah how many how many
greedy's you see on water
how many greens one one greenie Oh green
one big green oh yeah but uh you know
the the ones that look the ones like me
but not me
little little they like God Deadpool
Deadpool yeah how many thousand million
holy [ __ ] okay I tell they really go
back guy tight there's a thousand
million greenies over there
the birds say so I talked to them and
what mask isn't greeny you know like me
but like kind of kind of like me but not
friendly kind of like grub but but not
gum not a nice grub mean grabbers talk
to bird Oh Todd bird respond talk to
tree tree respond plant plant respond
grub talked to tree talk to plant chalk
to stone uh if you put stick down talk
to stick to I think we'll note this for
our journey
yeah only we can do anything about it
right now okay that seems like a lot of
guys are you sure you are not confusing
greenies with I pick up a leaf and I
show it to him no not that
now see okay grub explain battle tactics
for Gobbo if you have more Gobbo when
less Gobbo lose so they have more gobble
they maybe win he's right
and a good thing we have you around you
will be a friend to the other gamos
Grubb friend Grubb the friend other GABA
grab your friend with time we will that
could be a long time grab one friend now
wanders away fine finds it finds a
centipede and chases it I will be your
friend Grubb oh girl you be girlfriend
very good friends very good friend Grubb
has friend ty Dhawan very good Grubbs
friend I long I what do you do when
you're not busy and working and ranging
I meditate and I contemplate on how to
get more people to follow our costs and
follow me into battle hmm do you have
like a slogan or a catchphrase yep
to draw people to you not yet we're
working on that still in development I
like it
what about you sigh what are your
downtime what is your downtime
consistent so cuz I could never quite
give up his role of being a guardian he
wants to keep protecting the city so
during the throwing us down time he
likes visiting the walls and encouraging
the new recruits and recently he's taken
on a pet project to make sure that
vaughn becomes a greater warrior and
muscle the coward what about you
um Vaughn spends most of his time
listening to people I like to talk to
people from all the different castes to
find out what people want because the
best way to understand how to use
somebody or how to give somebody in your
decide is to figure out what they want
so those are two very different
implications which one are you you
normally following time it depends on
who's asking do you ever run into any
problem with people being upset with you
for talking to members of different
castes
I think that I can get away with it just
because as a guardian that's
coordinating different groups of people
like you usually have a reason to be
talking to different types of people so
yeah it's not like he necessarily
doesn't in his free time and if he were
to get caught doing it you know it would
be the Bunder the excuse of I was making
I was following up on some tasks that
had to be completed earlier as a result
of the downing of some massive creatures
so your cordial and tell me when you go
about your business work of course nice
all right well the day has passed the
Sun rises the next morning the thick
mist that pervades pervades that is
pervasive throughout Arcadia blankets
you you can see maybe a hundred feet or
so as everyone sets out in the morning
to head to the small canal just outside
the city walls that leads to the river
this canal is used to bring water into
the town and also for a little bit of
fishing and moss gathering so you put
your boats in the water and push out to
the river now as you go down the river
or as you travel through Arcadia there's
going to be a base encounter check that
I will be rolling in the jungles for
example it's about one in three chance
of running into an encounter closer to
30% but sometimes I'll decide for her to
have encounters anyway 30% per like her
per day of travel just about Oh per day
of travel okay per day of travel yeah
and when you travel through the jungle
which we're on the river right now so
that doesn't quite matter but you travel
through the jungle you think about two
hexes per day if you want to push it you
can do three but there's some
disadvantages to doing it and if you
want to play it like really safe and
really careful you can travel about one
through bamboo all those speeds are a
plus one through the swamps it's all you
know like minus one but we don't have to
worry about that stuff right now right
now as we're going down the river you
guys can move if we can see our movement
rules handout do you can flow down the
river at
of two per line segments what I mean by
that is you all have movement speed 30
as long as you're not encumbered so each
individual line segment from edge of one
hex to the from corner of one hex to
corner of another will take two points
of movement as you go downhill so in one
day you can go 15 going with the current
the other thing that I want to mention
is that the Yakka has this big map of
the city emblazoned on the tiles right
before the great walls so you guys can
see the math when you're in town but
when you leave town we're gonna hide the
map from you and I'm gonna cover it up
with some fancy pantsy lighting so that
you guys can't quite see everything and
bring you back to it and then you're
only to be able to see what's around you
so if you want to keep one copy of the
map up in one area and then navigate by
that or just remember the way that
you're going however we want to do it is
fine but you're not gonna have access to
D the whole map as you do your general
travel so on this first date bringing a
head down river to verify real quick how
many people exactly do we have with us
there are the four of you and then there
are five other boats behind you with
builders craftsmen a couple guardians
and a cleric so about like all of us
together 20 25 people about or yeah okay
all right grub is pounding two stones
together and does a nature check to
figure out to figure out what's around
figure out what's in the nature that the
area yeah pound your stones grubs your
hub is tying the students together ask
your finger between the two stones
accidentally stupid stones throws them
over the side all right you hop in your
boat and you begin to travel down the
river how big are these um how big are
these boats how many can each one hold
four people four people each do we need
to declare an order of
in the boats not in our own boat
necessarily but of the other boats as
well you need to know the order of your
boat in particular so who wants to be in
the front who wants to be in back and
who wants to be in the middle I want to
be in the middle okay well I imagine
like is keeping the cleric alive like in
one of the other boats like pretty
paramount for this mission is that are
pretty important it would be but one of
the key things that you would know as a
ranger out here is that the creatures
and the river aren't always the smartest
and if they're gonna attack someone they
usually attack the lead or the rear they
rarely like attack things in the middle
it just exposes them too much so okay
lead bow in the back boat are the
important ones yeah I imagine I'd be in
the very front then okay we're in front
of the very front boat who wants to be
in the back of the front boat that come
from Devon I could I think I would be
better suited taking the number two
position but if none of you believe you
can guard the back I will take it look
how small grub is grub can't grub you
know you just need to be able to scrub
his grub you do need to be able to steer
the boat as you travel down river you
might want a tall person to do that
well good tall people get hit first
because they're tall all right down the
river you guys go on your flush side
what why I just it's a battle attack all
right you guys travel down the lizard
folk crocodile and piranha-infested
river on your way to Yuma when you reach
a spot that begins to sort of wide and
out and you can see on the left and the
right banks it gets a little swampy a
little less reverie a little more marshy
the water level gets kind of low here
and as you head through this wide area
of the swamp you see a landmass of for
you that kind of rises out of the middle
just a little bit maybe like ten feet at
the most
on that land mass there are a pair of
crocodiles and a pair of lizard folk who
are bathing in the Sun and I will bring
you to the map that you can see the Mon
so you guys will be way up here in the
top in the boat and the baddies which
you can see are way down here the two
crocodiles and the two blizzard folk and
they don't crocodiles are still just
dumb crocodiles but they seem to be
living symbiotically with the lizard
folk I see no reason not to just go
around or is it blocking like the entire
passage well if you go around and they
choose not to attack you they will be in
a standing position on land in which to
harass those that pass by they could
throw Spears I get their rocks if they
have spells they could do that you could
try and bypass them but well you could
you know make way for your allies behind
you
hey there greenies the Greenies like
grub but not friendly greenies who is to
say that's a little bit of tea might not
win them on our side agree grub like tea
maybe they like tea too I do not think
that's why I respect my to you with you
once we get through this problem well I
like this guy see grub like free things
what kind of tea does a lizard man
prefer to drink only one way to avoid
enemies
alright Trump you're steering the boat
where do you want to go humans the ruler
to land but continue to paddle for it
let's see fawn you I have seen you be
very diplomatic with quite as you might
you win them over to our side
I'm sorry we lizard-men aren't known for
being able to talk to people are they do
you think commuting no they cannot form
the say the right sounds to speak your
language and you can't form their sounds
without magic you cannot communicate
with these people
kids take two greens oh yeah III I've
talked to many types of people in my
days never a lizard man though I don't
get to like a solid place to stop like
you had to pull the boat up on a bit of
shore to keep from flowing with the
river you know what I mean it's been a
while since I've used the longbow is 170
feet that is in range that is range but
it might be long range oh it's a hundred
and fifty I have it write it so I look
around on your grab kids leave ice I
have picked up a bow I believe I am just
enraged
shall we attack them
to pronounce your name is it is it eat
alone or I'll eat title on eidolon do
you agree yeah should we attack it
definitely want to kill these well the
lizards are folk are moving closer while
you're chatting they have seen you and I
don't lend us a bow as well right I have
a crossbow okay can all three of us do
you see this pain yeah when they step
within like ideal range can can we take
a sneak attack shock or like a or an
early shot right now yeah do you want to
do you see the little grub talk to green
all right blue stands up the bow is
currently resting on a little bit ill
incident to make a dex check to fall or
not and you hit it and you hit it as
well you both strike the Lizardman
square in the chest for a total of 10
points of damage etalons crossbow goes
off and strikes it as well click on the
lake crossbow text just above the number
of crossbows left in the chat to
roll the damage nope but in the the chat
where it rolls like right above where I
put those marks the text that says like
crossbow oh there you go five points of
damage all right
the lizard folk has been hit when we
come back from our first break
we're gonna roll for initiative and
we're gonna start this battle Oh Devon's
also getting in there anything I was
trying to click on the info of my
ability I could show you I see yeah I
see yeah well why don't we take a quick
break and when we come back we will
start the battle for realsies
all right do I mean you just mute but
the audios are can you go to the the
first page that we were at the splash
page that no one's there and then yeah
we have a BRB screen perfect hello
everybody and welcome back to empires of
Arcadia we are gonna roll for initiative
but we're gonna do initiative a little
bit differently in empires of Arcadia
than you might typically know 2d indie
campaigns we're gonna try something and
see how it works and we'll probably
stick with you a whole campaign instead
of having everyone roll their own
individual initiative we're just gonna
have the players turn and the monsters
turn and I think this is designed
intentionally for games being streamed
on Twitch people tend to get a little
bit distracted I think if everyone has
their turn at one time will move through
combat more smoothly efficiently and
more fundly with more fun so we'll just
take turns rotating through the party
whoever's in the front right now which I
believe is Vaughn will roll initiative
for the party today for this encounter
then we'll have one random lizard folk
roll the enemy and you want me to just
use my initiative yep just your
initiative cool let the fun begin
yes and let us turn on our combat music
did I get an initiative role from you so
it looks like I can't roll it so I
select my token and in the top left a
lot of actions are appearing but I don't
see initiative there you see a 0 -
initiative at the far left nope
click away and click back on your token
should be there now click away click on
ice it yeah cool okay perfect Oh a
20-point 11 the party goes first
Oh party members what would you like to
do do we all like decide in tandem or do
we go yeah you guys can just declare
actions freely or if you want to
coordinate then you can coordinate
freely I think this is just move us more
smoothly so whoever wants to start I
launch another arrow and I shoot at the
same lizard then all right he gets hit
for 7 he's around 2 low HP next person a
party I'll take a shot as well at the
one on the left
8 change will hit 6 6 damage will draw
them the lizard folk croaks can I do
this able so did we figure out if I was
in range still alive you are a
disadvantage because of the distance of
so you can make it if you want but you
know disadvantage okay they do anything
special for that well you don't just
make the regular TAC role and we take
the lower of the two numbers that show
up ok so we will take the 9 instead of
the 19 so you're a second cross football
also whizzes over the head of one of the
lizard folk and vanishes into the small
leaving us with grub grub is grub hey
anyone Eddie
yeah yeah I bet you whistling I hit
greeny you give 1 gold no ok
one Gold starts laying the swing shoots
done you hurl your sling stone towards
the lizard folk roll me in attack roll
don't know how click on your character
yes do you see player attacks in the
upper left corner no did you click on
your token
Oh God crab crab click on to click on
krub
and in the upper left hand corner you
should see player attacks a whole bunch
of buttons appear yeah God and now pick
your attack from that so there you go
the 12 flies right towards the lizard
folk who ducks down behind his shield
deflecting the rock it seems they owe me
one gold now what grab never agree to
this you can't prove nothing nothing in
grub ready grub didn't crumb is that how
you treat friends grub we talk later
about this alright
this lizard folk hops in the water and
disappears underneath it you can see a
little ripple going where the lizard
folk is headed for at least a few feet
you can see him head off in that
direction and then he's low enough under
the water or moving slowly enough that
you lose sight of where he is and I will
move the enemies the crocodiles after a
shrill whistle pierces the air also
plunge into the water and vanish hey hey
they're coming right now are we in free
movement or what no you're an initiative
I'm just moving the monsters cuz they
are moving on their turn alright
we don't want to fight on no boat
bond you are the front of the boat
please make me a perception check nine
is not gonna cut it all right so the
lizard folk and the crocodiles dive into
the water swimming your way but then
merge low enough that you can't see
where they are no and it is now your
turn how big is this tree next to me on
this little island this little little
shrub yeah how firm are the roots would
I be able to tie so my way right now is
that I could get dragged under the water
by a crocodile if I wanted to tie a rope
around my waist into the shrub so that I
could be prepared to fight what do you
not big enough to hold probably not nope
okay in that case I'll hop out of the
boat how deep is the water like right
next to the island where should I
reasonably be able to see something
approaching like I would say something
at about this point right here is where
you should be able to see something
approaching these lily pads have like a
depth of one or two feet okay whatever
you just said I couldn't see if you
pinged it yeah see these little pads do
I see that I see that oh yeah those are
all like one or two feet anything past
the lily pad is possible monster area
okay
in that case I'll jump out of the boat I
will shoulder my bow and I'll draw my
halberd mm-hmm excellent and is there is
there any point of readying attack over
an opportunity attack well I guess you
have polar master so probably not unless
something yeah I think for polar masters
no okay um boy he walked me through what
I what underwater stuff I can't return
to do probably nothing because anything
that goes underwater has a swim speed
and you have to be a fourth level cleric
druid to be able to get something with
swim speed mm-hmm Grove Reddy's
transform grub form all right it's ready
what about the other two of you I think
I just um can I like stay sort of low
down on the bow and hope they don't
notice me mm-hm
do that oh it actually okay so actually
my turn I'm just gonna be reading a
Dodge mmm-hmm okay as people are jumping
out of the boat make sure you guys stay
near me and I can keep you safe
I'm stay near big stick man we're going
to yeah
crumbs pretty small so I'm gonna take
the central spot on this island or
there's room enough for the three of you
to stand perfect I'm going to run you
might though and I won't mechanically it
matters but I suspect the lizard men
will be coming from this hmm okay your
bow is readied and that is when the
first lizard folk pops out of the water
right here which is right and range of
the pole our master yep so I will town
the bow a however it attack when he's
gonna hit six damage wonderful strike
against the lizard poke it cut some
right underneath the chin and I get my
butt here no not as a reaction because
it takes action to do it okay look the
attack with a shot right is it ooh
alright well that will land square in
the hip the lizard folk kind of stammers
struggles takes one more step forward
and tries to skewer the monk with his
actually he's going to skewer you with
his javelin which is eight to hit and
then kind of like lunges towards your
feet with a bite attack trying to nibble
off your toes with an 11-2 hit
I definitely look back the old man was
more dexterous than he looks unfortunate
another lizard vote comes swimming up
from over here and pops on up had a
having headed this direction you could
see the ripples moving very Godzilla
like fashion and down over here there
are two more lizard folk that jump out
of the water first one gets to there
before emerging second one yeah I guess
we can do that
we'll bring you out here and they can
both go another they can close with you
but they cannot also make an attack this
round and then our crocodiles crocodiles
have moved far enough perfect excellent
and that is the end of the monsters turn
parties turn can I get them all with
Bernie Han Wow it kind of looks like it
was burning uh let me that could have
felt faint sorcery spells by level
one thing somebody else can choose what
to do mm-hmm I I mean if you've got a Oh
II spells I don't to hit the weekend one
obviously so as you how about your hands
15 foot cone is this a spell slab spell
yeah mm-hmm um maybe we save it for now
we just to be really careful because koi
boom makes the seven days to recover a
million years with the [ __ ] spells of
in order to recover any spell slots
unless you have a special big sorcerer
thing or whatever generally actually he
might though do sorceress AB natural
recovery kobu I don't know I think they
do because right now on the rest takes
seven days so we'll make sure I careful
with I suppose yeah seven days it's so
it's actually the worst great long rest
is a week I mean always long rest in
town aspiring a credible then short rest
is a whole day is a nice yeah yeah would
you say about the the crossroad I'll
youth the cross one the one that's
already low to try to finish him off go
for it nineteen is a hit you shoot this
cross the lizard folks square underneath
the left armpit it pierces the lizards
folk lung and you can hear him dying
with like a weird hissing sound coming
out of his left side
as he collapses in pledges in water
excellent
next one up mmm I lost my alum bow into
the canoe and pull out my quarter staff
and very deftly whack the guy in front
with the quarter step do it ten hit no
ten does not hit the lizard foot brings
up his shield and blocks the blow okay
following up that attack I immediately
punch that lizard man trying to get
around that shield nope not gonna hit
him he's a tough one next player grub
grub get looks frustrated and starts
pounding a stick into the ground grub
grub grub grub grub grub grub grub and
then explodes and into a giant bear you
turn into a bear a giant bear and then
rushes in and attacks one of the lizard
people okay I'm just gonna move your
token into the water and you cook the
bear and I will give you control of the
bear and all of this [ __ ] Wow I say do I
set it up if you eat one of the lizards
you do not owe me a gold nose you have
no actions after that I know it is a
bonus action for him to transform so he
can still take his action grab attacks
the lizard hit your multitec how click
on your bear token when you should see
buttons on the upper left hand corner
why didn't multi attack button yeah
that's one well actually it is the bite
in the claws but you take a bite at the
first one you're kind of like dodges to
the left oh just to the right stays away
from your sharp teeth when your claw
comes and rakes him across his
unprotected belly it digs in for how
much damage
he'll examine the attack button it's
like the the attack next to the a-teams
role for the damage attack next to the
eight in the chat where the the dice
rolls land oh oh there we go seven
mm-hmm all right you read the lizard's
folk flesh from his bow leaving these
big bright stripes down his front and
last but not least is Vaughn for the
enemy in front of the bear I will attack
with my halberd seven I don't think hits
I can take my own bonus action 14 that
[ __ ] your team does not either really
Tina's deflected yes they have 15a see
these are good fighters okay yes lizard
folks turn there are three before you
and they will attack you the first one
will take a stab at the bear I'm
surprised that there even exist a baron
holy [ __ ] crits you well it's a natural
20 on the attack and he will do 2d for
2d six plus two damage so he'll do three
plus two is five plus two is seven
damage to the bear I'm sorry we should
let you roll your HP because it might
not be 34 it could be higher why don't
you roll me 40 10 plus 12 he provokes
since that's within 5 feet of me I can
take a hit him with my Hubbard right my
Sentinel wait dad all right so you take
7 damage from the the lizard folk in
front of you mr. bear how do I reduce my
HP if you click on your token there
should be some bubbles that appear above
it just tap the green bubble and then do
minus 7 and it'll do the math for you or
you can just type 31 you see the bubbles
above your character all right Coolio
all right the middle one is attacking on
a misses with a thigh a 6 to hit and the
far left one misses with a 10 they don't
do anything however there are plenty of
other creatures this crocodile has come
over here pops its head out of the water
tries to grab the
leg of the old man and do a crocodile
death roll with it which if you guys
have him googled you should google after
this battle I believe I can hit that
with my polar master opportunity attack
because he's entering my a threat range
yes just for entertainment yeah not for
yes 23 will hit damaged right
crocodile takes damage and then he goes
to bite our beloved cleric not cleric
old man old man would you make me a
perception check at the last minute he's
in pretty shallow water but he is a
crocodile who was a surprise ambush
hunter want to see yes you do spot him
right before so he doesn't have
advantage on static role against you but
he will bite you with a 21-2 hit his
teeth sink into your flesh and he begins
to spin his body however he only gets a
light grip on your thigh just whipping
out a chunk of flesh for 5 damage rather
than your entire leg and hit oh ok yes
all right
meanwhile the other crocodile is still
nowhere to be seen but way down below on
the that little collection of islands
over there you can see a few other
lizard folks start to poke their heads
out of water here and they're kind of
surprised that what what's going on over
there I hear thrashing about and you can
see four more kind of pop up just survey
the area before a role later stirred
guys we should be attacking from behind
we should be getting bonus or like
advantage attacks on all of these people
so like bear Shamu to the side and then
I can move behind we just have to be
clearing up these creatures okay right
that's not a thing what's not a thing
backing from behind doesn't give you
advantage I bet if you have a flank and
since I'm here if the bear moves down a
little bit he has a flank with me there
it should be an attack of opportunity
Kovu has specific rules for flanking
should you be like this
the rules for flanking where if you're
on opposite sides of grants advantage to
all allies or goes in the flank one of
the two anyway Marty sir
should I think about like using spells
now that there are more enemies eubie
eubie you I think we should wait I think
we can do it I think bear should
opportunity it should attack it
advantage the guide to my bottom right I
know the very least we could kill that
creature maybe to this round if the bear
if the bear moves straight through the
dead lizard gets an attack on him right
the no I might but you get all your HP
back when you're not transform anyway so
your HP is like the most expendable here
I thing yeah yeah also drudes down a
limited amount of shape-shifting so I
guess we should save yeah
so I don't know what the consensus was
there um you should move here and attack
the creature to my left
okay so grab was gonna try to do that
but move to the right hopefully only
provoking one attack I don't know if it
will clip it so you since you're a size
larger than they are you can just move
through his square like that without
ever leaving this square well that's
great okay so bear just charges blue
charges through turns around like Quan
the one that's wounded go for it you two
have flanking so the sixteen will hit
you fight him by the tail rip his tail
off buddy seven points is almost enough
to rip his tail off poor lizard focus
just kind of crashed back and forth kind
of moves around as the bear mauls in and
lands into the duckweed but he's not
finished off yet right
nice Rex I'll shoot them with my
crossbow then go for it
long shot miss I'll take a primary I got
it with my halberd that should be a
flank yeah yeah 21 will hit 6 damage 6
damage will kill it dies slaying at the
Bears fees ok and if I used one that's
in between you know real quick cuz I get
to hit with the bottom a hopper does
about a sack
the one in front of me no the bear would
need to be in this square to be flanking
but that'll hit anyway yeah I saw ya do
attack five points of damage
easy peasy okay bludgeon in the face
bloodied nose old man died trying to
take advantage of the panic that Big
Bear is causing think it's working
you'll hit him over the head for eight
and then you'll punch got war alright
the lizard folk are all badly wounded
except for this one guy on the corner
everyone's had their turn it's the
lizard folks turn and this guy just saw
most of his friends da half of his
friends died as other friends get badly
wounded he's gonna stay in the fight
though he's not too worried about it
however these guys that showed up last
round down on the island below they're
gonna start making their way towards you
this one will go to here these two will
disappear within the water oops and then
we'll bring them all over to play
it's lint the crocodile right here but
front right next to zai it comes to get
another snap at your legs no chance of
you being surprised this time it'll roll
an 18-2 hit you don't man it will bite
your leg for six points of damage give
you a nice good jump on your sandaled
foot oh okay yeah and coming up from
underneath the boat sort of after having
come under the boat approaches this
alligator crocodile like a lizard Preeti
is coming up I believe with my polar
master I commit attack of opportunity
yeah only a nine though nine is not
gonna do it against a crocodile okay it
has flanking on you and so it will bite
you with advantage Shawn it'll roll
fourteen and a seven the fourteen has
plus four on the attack so an eighteen
to hit you yeah that'll hit alright it
sinks his teeth into you for twelve
points of damage it gets a big-ass bite
on the back of your thigh and will not
let go
[Music]
let's see the target is grappled you are
now grappled until the grapple ends you
are restrained and the crocodile cannot
bite another target let us move on so
I'm gonna give you a little grapple
daikon you I can use an action to break
a grapple you have to use an action to
break the grapple or kill the creature
if I attack the creature am i attacking
a disadvantage see you're restrained and
grappled I think that just means you
can't move look I think your movement is
effectively zero I don't think there's
any other penalties on top of it but I'm
gonna double-check gotta do to do to do
you know TAC rolls against the creature
have advantage and the creatures attack
rules have disadvantage when you're
restrained yeah and you have
disadvantage on dexterity saving throws
so you are stuck in this place with the
crocodile biting your leg and the pain
of him like jerk you back and forth is
and you know just the disruption of it
is giving you disadvantage gotcha and it
is now the party's turn I can actually
ask this blush does he come trip and
that's infinite right if I'm if you have
advantage and disadvantage on an attack
it cancels out right yeah so if you hop
off the boat this is I I'll be able to
attack this alligator on me at normal
whatever just cuz while I'm flanking on
it so should cancel okay you know this
is manager a nephew I have disadvantage
because of being grappled by the
creature yeah okay so I just move to
like they're gonna give me one back I
don't know how corporate is though
that's fine okay
okay and I can still throw acid splash
yeah okay I want to throw a fizz bus
it's this put in and do two monsters
within 5 feet of each other so I'm gonna
hit the 1/8 the one that's low and the
alligator you can hit these you could
hear these two the alligator and the guy
that's a full that's all it's back
creature by the way that's my if you I
don't want to get only one get both of
the wizards okay I'll do that I'll hit
both the lizards all right aim for both
of lizards and potassium splash into
chat DC 13 dexterity save for our lizard
folk alright they have plus 0 on their
deck saves so the first one passes and
the second one fails and we'll take two
points of damage you are the second one
so you take two points of damage anyone
else in the party want to go great wait
so I have disadvantaging it's only the
crocodile alligator you have a
disadvantage on all attacks play only
only two point yep aston splash only
does one make six damage oh it's pretty
low but it's a Oh a clue that's right
grub grub bashes through and attacks the
wounded lizard with a with with a bite
in it and then it's gonna cry a gonna
claw depending on if the bite lands
alright a bite oh it does the rips into
that wounded lizard and then goes for
the claws with the one that's all
for the clause with the one that isn't
wounded and you will rule with some
damage so crap if you had advantage if
only oh my god because they're flanked
not the second one isn't flanked I was
just looking at in the dmg hold on I'll
pull it out well you could he could
technically just move five feet to the
left to attack as well right yeah and if
he had moved his token it would have
been great
see why he was so excited it was so
excited his mauling opportunity you
still do 14 points of damage though
because you that's an incredible you
know near max damage mm-hmm no he's
still almost dead all right this is talk
about a grapple thing that all service
trains yes though no they're both alive
just barely sigh yeah you already went
right no okay go forth then okay I'm
going to the bear starts giving Zhai
advice no time with the advantage like
where's that the one that we're actually
flanking and you will kill that lizard
focus would you say call my boo that
they're both barely alive all right no
critical mess Shh and Vaughn um I mean
I'm kind of chilling here with my
alligator buddy so I guess I will give
him a big attack with my halberd I think
I should just get that at normal since
I'm from flanking yep um okay that'll
hit yes easily pierce the alligators
skin
with your I believe you got an obsidian
halberd with you an obsidian bladed
weapon on a long pole yep
why does that matter nope I'm just
giving some flavor to the action thank
you okay for more flavor I'm gonna do a
trip attack
I don't you figure out how to play with
him because I just want to do more
damage but um yeah so I'm going to roll
I believe it's a one d8 yeah I guess
technically a legate crocodiles are not
immune to being prone so wait wait
you're about to say some I already know
you're gonna stop okay i disarming
attack I want to knock one of its teeth
out I'm not gonna flip it over and then
me get flipped over with it and then
roll to save my leg or some dumb [ __ ]
and I don't you're fine in there okay so
for a damage it's gonna take fifteen
damage oh that is more than half of its
HP Oh I'm also going to swing my butt at
it okay but am i hovered sorry shake
your butt at him and he takes another
five points that's five more I'm gonna
go ahead and just pop my action surge
here and then take another attack wait
wait I'm sorry that was a bonus attack
um another attack which crits the Gator
it's nineteen damage and kills the Gator
okay and then I can use that my bonus
attack the one that I rolled earlier I
can reroll it if you want me to but to
attack the kind the bottom left Yomi
don't you need a bonus action to do that
are you gonna tell me action search
doesn't give me a bonus action is is the
do I take my pole arm is that a bonus
action or is I just something I do after
my attack
I'm double checking because I think it
today you can use your bonus action to
make a melee attack the opposite of your
weapon and you look at one bonus action
I didn't want to do it anyway okay so
good thank you
okay cool I am done you did so good
alright that is the whole party alright
our one lizard folk that is left up
front and center with you guys had to
had it he's gonna take the disengage
action disappear into the murky waters
and swim away to lick his wounds because
he's not gonna give his life over this
nonsense however the other lizard folk
that are already in the water and on
their way over here aren't really sure
what's going on
they don't really know this one's gonna
pop up right here next to the the bear
this one's gonna pop up right next to
the bear this one unfortunately pops up
right next to Vaughn which will provoke
him to attack of opportunity from
Vaughn's pull our master for a team to
hit is not enough no he gets his shield
up and it kind of grazes over it
breaking the wicker apart slightly and
our lizard folk will make attacks as
well as our crocodile our crocodiles
gonna try and get a better chunk on
Vaughn this time a good enough chunk to
really hold you down 18 to hit myself
I'm starting on a bond on use I don't
eat bonsai for eight points of damage
the Gators got you and you are now
grappled and restrained got it
excellent and then our three lizard folk
the first one will attack the bear with
a 22 hit the second one will attack the
bear actually home he attacks with his
javelin I just want the damage sd-6
the javelin will hit you for three and
then the lizard folk tries to bite you
which misses javelin a bear I see a 16
right yeah I'd rolled an 18 on my manual
died and I was just trying to look up
the damage and I clicked a button rigged
see no 20 year old on modified 20 not
crit buzzard folk goes for a bite as
well with a three and four seven and a
stab with the foreign for an eight is a
miss and the one up here sees the
wounded weakened dying old man already
grappled by the crocodile and will make
his attacks against you at advantage the
first one is a natural 20 critical hits
you take double damage six and what is
at 6 + 2 6 + 2 is 8 damage
knocking you unconscious old man oh and
then he'll turn focuses attention on the
fighter and try and bite you with his
teeth a 19 +
for is a 23 will hit you and he does
what with his teeth his claw has not his
teeth his claw his d 4 + 2 e closet you
for what three points of damage bare
minimum
okay parties turn the old man is
unconscious you can make your death
saving throws at the end of the parties
turn if you would like to party members
so Ken Grubb I'm gonna do it if you want
to do it now that's fine
okay come whenever you want what failed
Ken grub um like at at like you can grub
move and attack this crocodile and
lizard to like break him off of the monk
yeah you think yeah and you can kill
them or you can try and like break him
off which we an opposed athletics check
so even but but if like in theory if he
moves like here and like bashing by the
way there's no attacks of opportunity
right you will provoke an attack of
opportunity from this one for sure okay
does it look like that crocodile is
trying to kill die pretty bad zai is
presently in the crocodiles mouths
that's not good yeah I think hands like
we're not looking so hot yeah I smell
sauce it probably a good time use those
my grub is going to actually bash
through take the attacking and move here
to do a full multi attack on the
crocodile alright you'll take the wall
and opportunity talk from the lizard
folk who misses you he stabs at you but
I get this spear gets carved on runs in
bear runs in just creating chaos and
[ __ ] up all over the place bike claws
attack a tackle hit they both in attack
can you do 40 points of damage you
murder
a crocodile it dies and releases the old
man in the process all right rocks right
and I hit the last three lizard men with
a burning ham if it is a 15 foot cone
then you can go five Ted no you can hit
too well maybe if you were over here he
could move first yeah if you move to
like a position like this then
everything yeah all right let's burn let
me get a yeah it's fine
all right yeah that's fine sure we'll
call it all right uh rolster damage who
did that not roll oh it's not rolling
what's going on weird let me try to grab
it straight from the sorceress post by
level does that work try it
we are we bugged hmm fax grab like bugs
there we go okay I don't know why it
took a while to work when I was working
so that's gonna be 14 damaged half if
they pass a decent ears on all of them
right right Jesus half if they pass a DC
13 dexterity saving throw so let's give
it a shot the first one top one rolls a
seven middle one rolls of four bottom
one rolls it 11
they will take 14 across the board 14 14
and 14 can the wizard folk our set a
flame can they play my newbie blue
totally awesome blue flames excellent I
will take a note yes follow up yeah to
the bottom left and it should be at
advantage right it is and an 18 will hit
and it has one HP so you squash its head
in it falls to the ground dead then I
can move forward and use my bonus action
for the butt of my halberd yep you're up
to your knees and swamp water mix will
do it and you hit it and kill it and now
you see just the one okay and I'll move
right here no no wait oh and oh my turn
right here Oh yep is there anyone else
in the party left to go I don't actually
nevermind I like where I'm at right here
I'll skip my turn right here did we do
the saving throw yes we did I failed
damn it don't roll of zero yeah all
right monsters turn the remaining lizard
folk gather together on this other
landmass back here a few more cute
popping out of the water it looks like
you guys have stumbled upon a proper
nest of the creatures because there are
a crap ton of them I think that's the
metric term for this
you both can go over here there and one
of our lizard folk our beloved lizard
folks shaman is gonna cast us a conjurer
animal spell cpk incoming boys all right
that is gonna be for beasts of
challenged rating cr1 a half so who's
gonna create four crocodiles wait who's
doing this if you desert folk shaman
yeah so we try to boat on out of here
you [ __ ] cowards
phew crocodiles show up and all of a
sudden you're all worried about your
lives just because one of your party
members is one failed us save away from
dying and what is the rain so he cast it
at 60 feet so that's gonna be 60 feet
there and then the crocodiles get to go
on their turn they can go this one will
double move over to you this one will
move to here they can't attack this
round but they can spawn and move okay I
believe that on the one wasn't right I
think I should get an attack of
opportunity there yes you do the one on
the right or the one on left your choice
I'm also gonna clean up the board by
getting rid of corpses so just to make
sure it others crocodiles have cr they
are 1/2 CR yes Wow okay wait on that on
that one to the right can I throw a
pretty a precision die for I'm sorry um
what am i supported ice yes
precision attack yes so I'm going to add
a 1 d 8 on that chance to hit so it's a
17
yeah okay so 10 damage to that one on
the right almost killing the crocodile
outright okay okay the remaining lizard
folks stand on their Shore and just
watch from a distance and it becomes the
party's turn again
mm I mean I can have a spell um listen
let me know a lot of spells
I'm gonna attack some things okay real
quick so I'm gonna move here and attack
this crocodile from behind that should
be an attack at advantage yep I think
you might provoke an attack of
opportunity from this one guy when you
walk past him am I able to move through
him like since its kind of do you see
like the ruler that I'm drawing here
like from here to here can I know just
like oh you give me a dex check to jump
over the crocodile without stumbling and
Poirot can you talk of opportunity a Dex
check dexterity saving throw DC doesn't
matter you see [ __ ] great times of
crisis great men are created okay not
created discovered because I was here
the whole time all right I take my
attack it hits 18 to hit that's six
damage I'm also gonna go ahead and I'm
gonna throw well six will kill it first
off yeah that's I was saying I'm gonna
throw my body over here and I'm gonna
use my bonus attack to the bottom I
harbored at this guy for an 8 to hit and
it's not gonna hit it's not weight
fortunately does that but that's a 10
foot range as well right is it uh yeah
mm-hmm you state your distance then yeah
I'll stay my distance next to my buddy
over here all right done remaining party
members your old man is dying Oh
one pass one fail always one roll away
from down yes you can make a medicine
check dc-10 to stabilize him or you can
cast any healing spell on him if if he
fails his next one what happens then
he's got to death
save failed a saving throw so that a 3-2
die right yeah but a natural one counts
as two fails he's 5 percent away from
death at this point I don't have a heal
so I'm ending but variety that's item he
is not you cannot treat him like a tool
all right
he's his own person I know
old but still he has his uses you know I
know my friend to die so I'm gonna move
over here yes he is stable and no longer
dying all right Grubbs Grubbs going in
taking on one of the crocodiles the bear
rips and claws forward attacking
viciously holy [ __ ] it's vicious who do
you deal 18 damage to the one in front
of grub bare bare grub they're just I
don't know what your front is choose one
this one right okay beautiful that's the
answer I'm out of here 18 damage to a
croc crikey it's a lot and the monsters
go yeah the monsters go this Blizzard
folk sees the reinforcements crocodiles
seize the situation and sort of just
tiptoes backwards you Andy like easy
[Music]
easy we'll just let the wrong canals do
this on his tiptoe back he should have
announced it he's gonna take a disengage
and he didn't so I believe I get an
opportunity attack and I will take its
head off
because it's been a little bit tooth
maybe it was seven damage to i7 will not
but he was not expecting to provoke an
octopus off attacks of opportunity
within that range and now he just turns
tail and runs the remainder of his
movement he's done he's [ __ ] out good
meanwhile the crocodiles surround the
bear they get you from both sides
the first croc rolls with advantage a
ten plus four is a fourteen to hit oh it
gets you he sinks his big crocodile
teeth into you for 11ac six huh 11ac
Mara
Bears have 11ac what bears have a lemon
I see you take five points of damage any
grabs hold of your leg holding you back
restraining you the other crocodiles now
have advantage on their attack rolls
already how much
five first next one comes in I don't
know a team I you can just do minus five
and they'll do the math for you that
maybe not not 31 minus five but if you
just put in minus 5 or plus five it'll
just modify it the second one comes in
with a twenty three to kit sinks its
teeth into your other leg for six points
of damage and starts pulling you in the
other direction now one back leg is
being pulled this way one front leg is
being pulled out well you're being
stretched out in opposite directions
while you're in the swampy muggy water
and the other crocodile swims up the
weak one right for your face aims a bite
at your snout and closes his teeth on
you for I should roll see if it's crit
no for eight points of damage you now
have a crocodile on your head at
Crockett oh and your back leg and a
crocodile on your front leg they're
pulling you in different directions like
advance ready to kill you was it our
turn it is the party's turn all right I
will hop behind this crocodile and I
will take a good so you actually wait
now I want can I hop behind this one I
can like jump over the boat that should
be fine how deep is this water that's
gonna be about hip height okay so yeah
so I'll hop in the water I should be
able taking a second advantage if my
halberd yep
13 to hit does that is that a hit 13
will hit a crocodile alright um I'm
gonna wait damage on the first attack is
a seven mm-hmm and then it's a 22 to the
second one so 14 damage altogether
alright another seven points damage the
crocodile is low I'm gonna go ahead and
throw a disarming attack so I'm gonna
roll one one d8 there mm-hmm
on top of that seven more damage that
will finish off the crocodile it is dead
okay and it vanishes with a puff of
smoke and a little sound grub grub turns
to the wooded one and bites at its bites
snout set snout so it's it's biting your
face and
gonna like counter bite its founder but
his face biting his nose and he just
bites through the teeth that are already
ice ice near the roof of his mouth it's
like a really weird kiss holy crap
11 points of damage kills the other
crocodile which disappears huge kwatak
and ranks it across the other one
attacking his leg missing he's holding
on to you trying to drag you into the
water annoys it by splashing a big bunch
of water at it this is athis actually
can I pick up crossbow both after the
fight they're pretty much all gonna be
lost in the swamp anything that misses
you're gonna lose for suresies anything
that lands you can recover so if you
keep track of the blows that hit you can
get them I think I missed one I'll use
this but okay how that is a dexterity
check for the crocodile mm-hmm not for
can trips he's got plus zero on his deck
safe so he rolls 11 fails takes 6 points
of acid damage Mac damage sizzles his
flesh all right
lizard folks turn this injured one
plunges in the water and disappears for
all time he's not coming back see you
can be on the GM layer all right our
shaman sees that things aren't going as
well as maybe he would have liked what
can he do about this hmm what is the
range of produce flame are you guys
within range look can we get a really
good experience for killing summoned
creatures there's no you don't terrible
so the lizard's just chill on the banks
and they just watch they kind of form up
into a different position new ranks kind
of guarding their their shaman gyro you
can see the other boats are starting to
come around like the last Bend and
trying to slow their movement and the
the strong and steady currents here
I guess it's actually it's low currents
in this
the area but they're watching the battle
from a distance now and it is back to
this for most crocodile the only one
currently engaged in battle he's already
got a bite on the bear and he like
briefly loosens it to like get a better
stronger bite on you so he snaps 14 plus
4 is gonna be an 18 is gonna be a hit
and the teeth deal five points of damage
there you're getting low so so low
parties turn my exam all right okay what
do you say you change back their bites
back of bites back and then claws
forward holy crap
seventeen damage is exactly the
remaining crocodiles hit points you can
destroy it and it banishes bang OH
how many more enemies are there down
there well look down there you can count
at least seven looks back at the party
hmm
it's gonna tough battle thus far can you
take on the remaining ones left like all
of them like all of them
mm-hmm if you could get your monk up
you'd have basically be a full fighting
for power yeah we have no healing though
boys it's talking to us right now
actually
looking around trying to figure out I
put my second twin crop transforms into
grub again all right the bear is gone
bad fight mmm have idea grub have idea
grub grub grub grub grub grub starts
like going through the ground digging in
the ground and hops out some updates
they're called good berries I don't know
how to cast it click on the spell and
your character sheet on standby
grub casts berries appear in your hands
are infused with magic for the duration
each creature can use an action to eat
one berry eating a berry restores one
hit point berry also provides enough
nourishment to sustain a creature for
one day
it only lasts for 24 hours and then grub
so the monk is back up nope unconscious
but stable we can feed him a good berry
but we have to wait one day for hours I
think for him to awaken and then you can
eat a berry to get you to regain one HP
to fighting like what oh you didn't take
any cure wounds Grabbe I thought you
were gonna take your wounds I don't have
enough oh okay well while people are
thinking what to do I scoop the monks
body and I place them into the boat
behind me and then I get into the front
position humans is a really inefficient
spell when you have to wait a week to
rest it's like super bad except for this
situation I think we should head back in
the boat and turn back instead of camp
hey too many greens we gotta go
also that greeny he talks to trees too
that's not good no talk to tree only
grub talk to tree other tree talker bad
since they just saw us kill all their
friends what if I use this shatter a
mine Ranger shutting 60p no not even
close no you are 140 from the caster
what a shatter dude I think it's not a
thunderclap kind of thing sudden loud
noise painfully intense damage [ __ ] 3d
thundered and image is it's a lot of
damage probably kill a bunch of
or cook with that and you want to run
away now grub find green nest green nest
lots of gob oohs these bad gobblers we
should go I'm okay living yeah
we are leaving oh yeah put the body in
the boat like we're heading back yeah
all right so your turn is to hop in the
boat and flee all right party gets into
the boat starts to push the boat off the
landmass and turn around and push
upriver yeah that probably takes about
six seconds to eat your boat turned
around with all of you probably a little
more so yeah it's a little fast in this
game right reflects yeah like reflect
damage
oh there's very few things that will do
it I want to hear all right
the lizard folks all men will stand his
on the shore raise his hands into the
air do some jibber jabbering nonsense
for a moment and for more crocodiles
appear out of thin air in the water
around you well 60 feet from him and
then they will swim in your direction
now unfortunately paddling upriver is I
mean you could normally move 60 feet but
the flow of the river is 30 feet around
so if you move 60 feet upriver you're
only really gonna make 30 feet upriver
and the crocodiles can swim quite
quickly so these things will eventually
catch you if the if they do chase well
I'm this range and Thummim they will
they be fun yeah they know not before
they do spawn I think they ought to be
within line of sight or something there
might be some qualifier on that I don't
think they can go infinitely far but I
think they I'm going far enough that for
our purposes here
anyway you see the crocodiles swimming
through the wall are powered by their
tails keeping their speeds at pull they
make it right
up to behind and beside the boat this
round but they can't make any attacks
they're flanking you and it's the
party's turn I mean I see no choice but
to get out of the boat I hop out and I
go to take an attack at this one right
here at advantage 1313 we'll hit ten
points of damage that's very nice croc
is almost dead swing the butt and 11 no
barely clips into his scaly hide but
it's just too tough with too much fat on
it I'll roll a precision die there
that's got to be your last one by now
right
it is alright I got a chin trigger
okay alright okay so I'll take that hint
for damage oh right
and we'll do force the croc next member
of the party I want to use the shutter
and I can hit all of them okay will you
also hit yourself oh oh that's an
excellent question
let me read quickly about shatter so
anything
pretty sure enough creature in a 10-foot
radius sphere so you got to make me a
10-foot radius sphere that hits all the
monsters without hitting you so I can
can I jump out of the boat and put it
like that no no yeah you can totally do
that
no you could do it wear it while you're
in the boat you'll provide an
opportunity from three the guys you get
out of the boat don't do it do whatever
you want
the sky's the limit stay in the boat be
your own man just do a radius attack
nuke yourself it's the only way man show
us or just hit the three to the bottom
left
okay I'll hit the three in the bottom
left yeah really
you don't want hit them all I kind of do
but I can run hit myself oh I mean who
cares I can't get rid of this box I drew
I got it
hey I will just hit the bottom three and
not myself alright I'm alright
are you ready do it why is this me
I don't know there was a weird bug a few
days ago that was messing with the ammo
tracking try it again that should fix it
okay just a little second level it's a
second level spell or second level spell
holy [ __ ] Oh middling damage really a 3d
eight that's not super great DC 13
Constitution saving throw for our
crocodiles the top left one passes the
bottom left one passes the bottom center
one rolls exactly what he needs to roll
they all take half damage is that it on
a failed save half as much on a
successful one okay so they will each
take five points of damage
um it does say doesn't do anything extra
since they're coming because it's it's
only if it's made of inorganic material
done crystal Romero has disadvantage
yeah yeah
well right you hit those three
crocodiles you can see they kinda like
squirm for a moment and make waves and
rock around in the water a bit grub mmm
grub grub stomps the ground a bunch of
times and swings sword his little
scimitar its little scimitar at the at
the the crocodile the winning crocodile
next to it go for it and since metals
are gonna be rare what is your scimitar
made of give me some bow and you all we
talk about it bones
push together phones sharpened bones of
things that grub is grub to overtime mmm
excellent you it's a flank right so it
should you need to cut through flanking
sea with a creature and at least one of
its allies are adjacent to an enemy on
opposite sides or corners when in doubt
about whether two creatures flank an
enemy on a create race an imaginary line
between the centres of the creatures
space spaces if the line passes through
the opposite sides or corners so these
are not opposite sides these are
adjacent side so this is not a flank
okay that it's and this all right you
miss he's too low in the water you just
can't reach over the high walls of the
canoe to get swim that was a level to
spell slide spell we'd [ __ ] tickled
all three of these crocodiles yeah okay
this croc is gonna move here and take a
bite at vaughan with somebody else it
our way oh wait the one on the right
yeah the one on the right okay yeah
nineteen to hit for four points of
damage okay mm-hmm it only gets like a
snippet of your leg it doesn't quite get
enough to grapple you with it'll come
back and get you next time but this
other guy comes up on lands from behind
you do I get a poke at him uh he was
already within your ring
just barely I'll let you slide on that
one okay and rules 11 and 4 is a 15 uh
yep that's it okay
hits you for another four points of
damage can't quite find purchase on your
flesh enough to deathroll you or you
know paralyze you or whatever whoops
don't move buddy stay right where you
are
this crocodile over here on the left
since no one's paddling what can he do
he can't really attack the boat very
well he's gonna try and rock the boat so
the crocodile comes over here has a
puppet of its shaman master and tries to
come up and push the boat and tilt it
over so I'm going to give him an
athletics check which is gonna be a 12
plus 2 is a 14 so everybody in the boat
needs to make me an opposed athletics
check to keep the boat stable one of you
two has to beat a 14 on an athletics
check there you go I don't want to keep
steady he keeps a steady the Goblet
almost rocks the boat over though but
either one keeps it keeps settle and our
last croc will come over here as well
and join in the fray on the one man with
a natural 22 hits critical hit doing
double damage 8 9 10 points of damage
total and you are now grappled again
alright
it's the party's turn umm-hmm grub is
gonna what's girl gonna do grub starts
pounding us hands to pup county its
hands against its head and then it lays
down and it comes back up as a giant
bear roll me bows at 4 d 10 plus 12
for HP yeah
33 alright and the bear
the Bears in the boat the very simple
vote it's going good the best question
that's right and then swings around and
bites the wounded crocodile on the right
okay 22 will hit grab him by his tail
and thrash him about until he just
tosses him in the [ __ ] air he
disappears in a puff of smoke and a
popping sound and closeted the other one
on the Left Oh God go for it but I'm
gonna need everyone in the boat to make
me a dexterity saving throw or get
tossed in the water bear don't give a
[ __ ] but you do hit the crocodile and
[ __ ] wreck it for 11 points of damage
I need a deck saving throw that's not
good you tip the boat and all the
denizens of it hop in the old man falls
in the boat it was good oh he's gonna
just hold his breath until he suffocates
it's not clay could you explain tides of
chaos to me tides of chaos oh the
sorcerer ability right yeah so whenever
you make what is it like a a check or a
saving throw or something you can just
choose to do it at advantage but then I
get to you know I get to make you real
wild surges whenever I want so it's a
nice trade-off let me just get to the
actual text and I'll read it in a little
bit more detail here we go starting at
first level you can manipulate the
forces of chance and chaos to gain
advantage on one attack role ability to
check or saving throw once you do so you
must finish the long rest before you can
use this feature again at any time
before you regain use of this feature
the DM that's me
can have you roll a wild magic surge
table immediately after you cast a first
it's level sorcerer spell then you
regain it so you can just opt to get
advantage on one of those things
whatever the hell you want and then you
can't do it until you de long rest or
until I make you roll a wild surge which
is funsies and kind of tempted to like
clap both of things like
down my destiny because he doesn't look
so hot right now yeah he's in serious
trouble the monsters get advantage on
attack rolls against him okay
all right I'm gonna tides up I'm gonna
do that thing tides that was it okay
tides of chaos i feather with the
shatter okay yeah so that's tides of
chaos will give you advantage shatters a
saving throw for the enemy not gonna
have any effect here okay then I just
feather then you just shatter again okay
do it 12 damage this time it's so much
better field item one of the left fails
and the one on the right fails they will
both take a proper 12 points of damage
which is near to fatal for both of them
like really close it's fatal adjacent
and you are in the water the monkeys in
the water the bear is also in the water
you're all in the water and then I'll
take a swing at the bottom right with my
halberd oh I'll do my bonus attack that
I guess for the one on the Left which
will crit 17 it will pop it out of
existence all right it's too badly
wounded crocodile so do you have more
actions I'll take a movement back you
are still restrained oh he has me
restrained oh oh if you're restrained
you actually have disadvantage on your
attack rolls that crocodile is alive
okay hope never in there okay it is the
monsters Church um I got a before I have
quick and spell so I could technically I
could use this is it still after and I
could use to sorcerer points was it one
yeah so you could quick and shatter to
be a bonus action and then you could
cast a can trip okay right yeah yeah
I'll do that and then I'll use acid
assets bus
alright on which crocodile I can hit
both of them oh that's true you can hit
him both excellent do it put it in the
roll scissor and clutched oh oh are they
gonna pass there saves they need a
natural 13 on the die first one Roza to
look in one rolls and eight
they both vanish as the acid blankets
their back ripping through them there's
only one crocodile left if it was a real
creature it might run away at this point
but it's not it is a summoned and
controlled creature and it is out for
blood
it goes for the sorcerer actually
sorcerers Azarian this is Aaron I need
you to roll me a 1 to 20 on the magic
surge table because you did you betta
casting spells and I've been forgetting
about this gb1 do 20 if you roll a 1
it's a magic surge this is the real
battle surge yeah oh you're fine don't
worry about it next time next time the
crocodile is going after you though it's
gonna get you and you're in pretty deep
water right here so I'm gonna give the
crocodile advantage because it's on its
home field advantage here 14 11 14 14
plus 4 is a 18 to hit it will get you in
its teeth
for 12 points of damage yes it bites you
and restrains you you've taken 12 you're
at less than half hit points and
restrained by a crocodile wallet in deep
water it's not going good for you
parties turn banner attacks crocodile vs
crocodile on national geographic and
claw oh God
today they head
No Wow nope it's too deep you start
splashing around in the water you can
see the red from the crocodiles wounds
but you can't find purchase on on your
special something a moment later you
realize it's rock I should be able to
hop around and you're in too deep of
water to stand there my friends see you
they got you think it's a flank you're
unconscious though but it's a flank so
sir I mean the best guess hell yeah it's
a flank all right it's a flank all right
v8 HP crocodile dies they're back on the
boat yeah can I pick up the you can fish
the old man out of the water yeah and
then put it back on the boat all right
do you stay in Bear if you're a bear
form you can't get in the boat buddy
you're too big the Bears just paddling
along seeing what happens it's just
gonna all right do paddle along side
party Mowgli makes their way northward
avoiding any more encounters with the
remaining lizard folk who cheer on the
back end kind of waving their swords or
their spears and their shields up in the
air howling and screeching the lizard
folks shaman throws a couple of balls of
fire in the air in celebration and we go
to our second excuse me hiccups our
second break and when we come back we'll
see what the party's got up their sleeve
hello everybody and welcome back empires
of Arcadia the party has defeated most
of the enemies that they've come across
but hold back at the very last minute to
save their skins
while the cheering lizard folk remain in
the distance you paddle back upriver and
you can see the rest of your Posse has
pulled off to the east bank and are
waiting over there as you guys limp your
way back the bear swimming in the water
beside you
the sorts way out of range right of
combat oh yeah yeah you got a range the
bear transforms back into the grub okay
didgeridoo is the cleric coming with you
and he takes a look at what's going on
what what happened we have they have
more greens every time more greens then
we glues we were attacked by lizard men
and crocodiles from the swamp lots of
greens I told I told you I talked to the
bird he's talking to himself I talk to
the bird the bird said that there was
many greens nobody listens to grub grub
tells you many greens nobody listens to
grub grub listens to grub grub types of
birds probably grub you're right we
should listen to you more you have
wisdom of the ages passed down through
your bloodline grab very smart
grab blessed by dub yes dub dub house
blessed grub best buy dub dub bless tub
grub dude dubstep grub get many
blessings bite dub rub dub step every
night good good
it's important for your people I hear
and it comes over and we'll lay a hand
on Trump hand cast a first-level cure
wounds spell which will heal you for
maximum healing you get 12 points back
wait wait
holy man do that where was holy man and
fight why you no help I know it's a
little hard for your complicated brain
to understand but mm-hmm
but I am I'm a cleric I am a tender to
wounds I have no abilities to save
myself in combat and no desire to join
the fray it is my job to heal the sick
and the injured not to get anywhere near
the battle at some wussy I heard what's
the aim time time grub know what's when
grub see was thank you said yes Father
thank you it was a difficult fight ahead
like around oh I am able to defeat the
numerous lizard men no what's very bad
holy men they have they have greenie who
talked to trees to just like grub mm-hmm
you know this didn't you you don't say
no crowd the grub thing called a grub
talk to tree grub there are many people
in this world who talk to trees and not
all of them are our friends we just kind
of like floating in the water right now
like talking to ourselves
are you banked on the east bank of the
river okay what's happened to our boats
and head back we need to rest regardless
of what we do we can't continue on in
this condition so let's stop wasting
time let's head back to camp and we'll
recover to figure out a better way to
make down the river tomorrow there's
some tentative looks about as people
here you want to spend the night this
far upriver but they'll do it they'll
follow your lead well how long did it
take us to get down here
oh you spent maybe half a day so far can
we get along when I say go back to camp
I miss me I mean like go back to like
the main like to the city yeah yeah but
you're going with the river down and so
if you go against the river it'll take
more than half a day get to get to Yaka
from here you're you're too far to turn
back okay then we camp here well I mean
there were rules about how we could
press it right I think this would be a
good time it's for about two long rest
in Janka all right you guys want to you
want to hold on just press it but you've
got like a 95% chance of getting
ambushed by a dragon because you're not
paying attention cuz you're moving so
fast or what does that means you have
disadvantage on all stealth and
procession checks for that day that's
perfect
we'll take it right yeah that's that's
fine okay the party turns back heads
upriver paddling hard taking shortcuts
whenever there's like a peninsula like
hopping out putting your boats over your
head and like running through the jungle
to get to the next patch and sometime
just after dark
you can make it back to within Yaka you
can hear the distant sound of drums
as you make the last leg of the trek up
that narrow canal that connects the
river to the town and you can see a fire
burning just underneath the great Bell
of Yaka that sits on top of the ziggurat
that they ring when monsters are
approaching you are not monsters so they
do not ring it for your approach outside
the city you see two giant heads on
spikes remnants of former monsters who
have attacked and now serve as warnings
to those that night right in through the
big brass doors of Yaka you see these
saviour statues these are ancient
statues that have been here for hundreds
of years
erected to some of the first Rangers of
Yaka their names are sort of forgotten
and each different section of societies
has a different legend about who these
saviors are but every time you come into
the city and every time you see these
Savior statues you get to start with
inspiration so now that you're
revisiting town everyone get inspiration
probably should have mentioned that
before you left that's pretty cool and
you can spend the night here in town as
long as it gives you advantage on any
role you're about to make any d20 role
it's really good anyway you have to
declare it before you have to declare it
beforehand and you get inspirations for
do it mmm whatever I really like or
visiting back to town so it's uh don't
treat them like elixirs and old Final
Fantasy games you want to use them as
frequently as possible to regain their
value even if we're cuz it's still seven
days for a long rest
it's gonna be a week of downtime but
this is a very different lifestyle there
are no clocks there's no hours of
production to be filled there is a city
to the south that is possibly being
burned down by a green dragon though is
that a time flag where that's true that
is also how does a message travel
between cities in this world how do we
even know that that's a problem
they had emissaries come like hike
through the jungle fight their way here
what is an emissary consist of is this
like 15 20 like well-trained soldiers or
what in this situation
it was a party of two two of the Rangers
from Yuma came here kind of stealth
thing the way for the jungles to talk to
you guys and set this all up and then
stealth in the way of their jump still
through the jungles on the way back home
telling them that you're gonna come as
soon as you can with whatever you've got
how do we get message back to that city
you go there yourself and talk to that
well we must have somebody that can send
a message of that sort or something
right what do we need to send them well
if those haters we're able to come here
and go back maybe we can use somebody
like that to scout ahead to give us some
sort of preemptive warning maybe if we
travel slower we can tell where
creatures are are not at some point in
the day so that we can take more optimal
routes to avoid them also that also
implies there so there's a way through
land to get there is there not so you
could have travel overland
but overland is gonna be slower going
with the river is the fastest way and if
you just wanted to travel there to tell
the message you could travel through the
jungle at half rate and try to avoid all
the encounters and you could get there
probably fairly safely if you were
taking your time and being slow and
cowardly totally could do it but you
gotta bring the the cleric and the
builders and a couple of craftsmen with
you which makes hiking through the
jungle a dangerous prospect cuz you're
gonna lose any advantage that you could
possibly get from going slowly since
there's so many people with you feel
like the water seems pretty dangerous
too though like there was well like half
a day and we already almost alewife like
the water does everything particularly
safe yeah but the land isn't either
because of because we it's theoretically
twice as many encounters right also the
land has things like Tyrannosaurus rexes
which are cr8 creatures that can show up
or water it is man and scorpions that
have three arms and three tails with
each of scorpion stingers that do
massive amounts of poison damage and
psionic attacks and breath weapons like
the jungles dangerous and we should talk
about this right now
the list of random encounters for the
jungle is set you're gonna fight the
same like variation of random encounters
so at the beginning when you're low
level there
it's kind of sort of like a small zone
of fight ability and then like a Death
Zone where it's probably too hard and
then as you level you should be able to
kind of almost ignore encounters by
finishing them so easily so you're gonna
have to kind of navigate the fight
versus flight method which will change
over time that river that we were
following was that lizard camp right in
the middle of the river like those there
yep yeah look like a nice wide low
section to the river so the water
doesn't flow too quickly and it's not
too deep anywhere well maybe we can go
there during the night and I set them on
fire when they're sleeping yeah I have
confidence that we have whittled down
half their force we will we will be the
victorious next up well firstly we don't
know that we have no idea how many
people are there I guess we could assume
that we've whittled down their forces
but it's anytime any time we take a rest
between one area to another it's
possible that more enemies could move in
they could replenish their forces
somebody else could could come in and
take over instead like so we don't
necessarily know if we go back and we
clear out just six or seven of them that
will be done with an entire tribe of
greenies what lots of greenies there
don't know how many greenies um do we
they recover are we doing a seven-day
arrest nest we get like everything
recovered if you want a seven-day rest
you can get all your spell slots back if
you just want to heal HP you can sleep
one night and expend as many of your hit
dice as you have so you would roll a d8
plus whatever your con mod is and regain
HP up to three times and every night
that you spend you gain one HP that one
could die back is there no other way
down this river then through that camp
right there supporting rivers nope
rivers join going downhill they very
rarely separate going downhill unless
there's some awkwardness to the Train
could we okay like the canoes online for
that little bit and then we could but
there's one there's no guarantee that we
won't get into more dangerous encounters
on land
and then - as soon as we pop back into
the river we could just run into more
encounters as well right sure mm-hmm do
a long rest wait that's almost for sure
has to happen yeah
also that dude that casts the animals
that's a third-level spell right mm-hmm
okay making him at least a fifth level
caster you had two slots mm-hmm
should we assume that lazy people like
that are like holding like fireball and
[ __ ] is that like a fair assumption no
um but what you could do is why don't
you go asks the other Guardians Rangers
that are here actually there are no
other Rangers here at the moment you can
ask the Guardians and ask around town
and learn about lizard folk because um
the monster list is set
so any questions you want to ask you can
find someone that's probably seen them
and knows something about them maybe you
can I don't what sort of clever
questions could you get that could help
you in this situation okay what is a
list of the monsters that we can
reasonably expect to see going down the
river we've got crocodiles we've got
Lizard Men we've got Lizard Men casters
yeah let me bring up the empires of
Arcadia River
sure yeah yeah in character you're
talking to one of the old guardians here
huh been around for ages he's seen and
heard everything so he'll tell you that
well lizard rivers dangerous area
they're mostly crawlin with crocodiles
lizard folk those suckers are everywhere
in addition to the the giant the the
swarms of piranhas if you run into one
of those suckers you'd best get out of
the water as fast as possible they will
rend your flesh from your bone fast same
area you know giant mosquitoes they're
on land off land in the water they fly
you know that sort of thing and very
rarely only once in a blue moon on a
Friday of the 13th not that we have
numbers or days of the week but you know
in the most unlikely situations jungle
worms
hey hey
a guard man yes we have one we have we
have one green one green one talks real
loud and more crocodiles show up
what do about this one you mean the
shamans summoning crocodiles yeah he
speaks big words and then he believes
real big and then that happens like yes
yeah like you like grub you create
crocodiles grub talks to trees and trees
talk back things happen of course of
course yes hmm well you know the old
saying about wizards right they can't
cast spells if they're dead
what what what spell yeah I de use do
you know how spell it's a whole turn of
phrase
ye be grab very good young grub very
good no well let's see they've been
known to conjure crocodiles here and
there cause the plants around them to
grow up grab you drag you down
shape-shift to ground into impassable
terrain let's see what else and these
monsters do yes yes I see it is a shape
that we are on a river otherwise I could
harass that spell caster anyway you get
real close to tree person and then map
them on the head real big yes you charge
in you don't let them come to you
you go to them if you wait for them to
come to you they'll just keep summoning
more monsters and more monsters and more
monsters while they're safe and sound a
good distance away it tugs on eidelons
like you have already have a cloak yes
okay I died grub have idea what what's
your idea krob wait okay okay okay okay
all all of us we go to them and then we
bite them I don't want to bite any
anything at all grow but I don't like
biting things okay
grub bites and and you you you you say
the words you say and then they go on
fire yes that is a great idea grow okay
punches them and then you you wait you
hit it with a stick
very good
um what the Ranger that we're talking to
now he is a ranger right another doggy
anything they would have travel from
here south to yuka Yuma Yuma sorry um
movie any way to do this safely what's
the safest way to do it
do we have an advantage going by night
going by rainfall is there any other way
to do this in a way that might make it
harder for them to spot us or easier for
us to avoid them if you were just going
by ourselves
I would say go through the woods
carefully and quietly staying away from
the mountains if you're bringing all
those people I would rush down the river
as fast as I could
wait wait other option grab have another
idea
yes what if we just keep going past
green people and don't stop the
crocodiles will tear us asunder we can't
do that no you go down fast speed water
and crocodile cats bangs faster than
speed shaman could some of the
crocodiles literally right in front of
us yeah that may work but we need to
protect the night oh yeah
the people's some of the peoples they
died but that's okay there be more
people that not okay
oh not okay okay no people's die grab
appears to be writing something in the
sand but makes no sense I talked to the
I said what the guarding I uh it would
be really good to have somebody with us
with your experience would you consider
coming with us
No hey how come no one around here wants
to help us what's this what's this
what's this we all have our important
duties from and it is extremely
important to guard this city what your
duty all you do is fall down not get
back up till we pull you out of water
what how long does it take for us to get
to the city at two two and a half days
it's two and a half days to get to the
city and how long would it take for um
what witness I'm sorry when is the next
hunter details supposed to return to the
city you mean the next set of Rangers or
yeah Rangers some hunters they get back
when they get back you know how it is
out there it's a difficult journey
sometimes you have to take your time
that could be back tomorrow they could
be back in a week back in a month
could we get is there a smaller faster
craft that we could travel with no as
individuals there's nothing the canoe is
the literally the quickest way we have
to get yeah I mean if you get like a
smaller canoe any increase in speed
would be not appreciable not
insignificant a fighty guy Vaughn yeah
why not we go over and then we get real
close and then you hit him with a stick
we could do that but if we get real
close and we hit him with a stick we
might get eaten by 20 crocodiles
yeah not good not good okay okay there
was some way that we get a message out
to Yuma if one or two people could get
there if we could have them send out
some type of party to meet us like a day
out then at least we would only have to
cover one or two days worth of a journey
before meeting up with be able
replenishing supplies and having like a
seifish escort back to the city if we're
going on city to do them the favor of
clearing a dragon out they should be
able to meet us halfway let me remind
you we are clearing a dragon
and if we cannot handle these very small
dragons lizards even then do you not
think that this is a good step towards
our journey to defeating a dragon we can
do it by ourselves I mean I would rather
kill a single green dragon than clear an
entire river full of monsters I think
it's fair to ask for some assistance
here as I mean you might have missed how
difficult the last encounter was seeing
as how you were unconscious for 80% of
it but maybe I can like try to like boat
a little bit slower keep it more of a
lookout on and like when we actually do
see something we can like set up
properly or even walk around it just for
that area
hey guard man yes help when you guard
men come across lizard camp lizard home
green home how you handle what you do as
Guardians we never leave the city and so
we never have to deal with this problem
that real good Oh explain everything
norine city's super easy what you you
mean hey now hey now you may have a
difficult job of traveling through the
jungles but you can choose to avoid
monsters by hiding still when a t-rex
comes barreling down the road towards
town me and my boys have to go stand on
the walls and fight a toe-to-toe we
don't get an opportunity to hide yeah
some boys yeah yeah sometime grub one
time grub fight three Dino at once no
problem with other grubs those were
chickens grumble those were chickens
chicken just a little big guy little
dinosaur still dangerous this is true
this is true okay so back to plan we go
and we hit it with a stick yes so with
the stick the idea okay I see different
ways we can do it the first is to pepper
that gentleman at long range with our
long bows the second is to row the boat
all the way up and then just hit him
with the stick
I think I've been plan will work um I
think what your folks are you this is
shaman if we do get if we see you in
Syrian the guard boy says we go up and
we hit him and we and then he no longer
talked to the air and then no more
problem yes besides these are conjured
monsters right so if we have hardened
you will have to lose his concentration
very wise man very wise other problem uh
eight green people around other green
right we will just kill the one that
matters and then those other ones we're
not very difficult find the weak point
and go for it
that's how we do it how do you treat
fire arrows in this game if we were to
create like a small fire would ever set
an error on fire and shoot it at
something like an island or whatever we
did with the fire half range
disadvantage on the attack role in
significant damage bonus and it might
spread slowly but this is also like a
jungle so usually things are pretty wet
here okay burn it down
grab can set things on fire grub can set
things on fire with grub mind if you ask
grab grab light on fire grub can really
do that my work so I believe the only
person in our party who would need a
long rest would be idle on right yeah
grab grubs have you used any stealth
grub sits down he's too darling grub
shakes the berries and gives one to zai
I I eat it yes delicious
[Laughter]
these go very well with tea yeah if we
rest grub have tea with zai then we
friends yeah so I have three little one
spells left so I'm missing one level one
spell and to level two spells mm-hmm if
we only do a short rest I believe we can
wail a the lizard men before they get
reinforcements so how about we plan to
set off tomorrow yeah we can try it we
can try it okay all right we're gonna
take a more aggressive approach this
time yeah you know we'll just Ram that
boat right into the shaman okay if
friends eat grubs berries then everybody
feel better
um yeah we're gonna do try rest how much
life do we recover on the shore drift
zero but you can roll your hit dice so
let me bring some characters over
although their characters already here
so if you go to your character sheet
you'll see hit dice in the middle of it
just below your HP and you can roll hit
dice to regain HP also ten grub has nine
berries to give out each one restores a
hit point ooh
so whichever one so Trump you already
ate one as I guess we don't on HP yup I
already added one look at this guy
and three rubbish shaking the other
eight berries at the party if whoever
wants them automatically them if you
want crap gives six to the Vaughan and
to - well no take one to top of wait
that's I have nine I have not an eight
left girl has eight in his hand in its
hands I'll take one left cuz I don't
need our night's rest but I will request
one berry the next day ok ok so then who
took what I took one okay you recover 6
HP alright the party has rested for a
night you've regained some HP you've
regrouped talked to some experts and set
out the next day for the jungles for the
swamps for the rivers can replenish my
arrows while I'm in town
oh yeah absolutely you can all go to
full arrows yeah and we'll grab an extra
quiver for the canoe just to put it on
the fly in case we need opening so that
perfect and even first three points only
recovers in full arrest right I believe
so you should be full on sorcery points
now you used to for the quick and spell
oh that's right you yeah you get them
all back when you finish the long rest
okay alright so you guys get back in
your boat turn around head back in the
other direction and we will just come
right back to that same map because that
is the the rest of your journey is
fairly uneventful until you rush what's
more at the island one of the mechanics
of how far the canoe can go an attorney
so the canoe will go 30 feet down river
unless you stop it from doing so somehow
and then you can apply your movement
speed to the canoe which is 30 and
someone's movement speed 30 and then
thank you just - action work 50 is
okay yeah I think so
bye can you another 40 movement right
I'm also mobile so I have 50 I do 50 I'm
a mobile feet holy crap okay so yeah if
you're at the oars you can push the boat
130 feet round including this or no yeah
they'll be moving into - you can only
take one - regardless of the number of
sources of - just as a preemptive sure
can we take our time and sneak up on
them and then like we could just try to
rush in and kill the shaman we're
rushing it that's the plan
we're crashing we're crashing this ship
with no survivors or whatever no the
island or we're running in with no
survivors exactly okay and it's gonna be
very painful for somebody okay I feel
fat we'll just uh full speed ahead
alright and did we go sailing down river
yeah - 30 feet of movement oh wait can
we pick out the the shaman guy is that
the dude with the magical Christmas
lights on him whatever is that yeah the
circles with the numbers yep yep that's
the shaman you can see him he looks
different for the others lizard folk
he's expended his summons already so
he's gotten done yeah yeah because
because if we have to rest then yes the
rest of holy - they don't get special
treatment cord
oh of course not I would never do that
that goes against everything I stand for
that's right I'm in the shamans three
identical brother shaman with a staff
that shoots up more shaman alright are
we doing it we got one hour left so we
need to do it yeah so you head on down
the river getting ready to crash your
boat in and as around to the take us
around to the right and then
okay as credit to the island three to
four it and I I find it right there so
can I move the boat I can give you
control of the boat token yes the
players won't go with it but you can
control the boat sure actually I'll let
you control it since you can move
everyone as we are approaching can we
take shots with our bows absolutely so
why don't we start from where we are
right now are we close enough to where
everybody can take a good shot or the
guy with the crossbow needs to be closer
think crossbow is closer still how close
how nice a crash the boat I don't
necessarily mean ruin the boat just like
mean beach the boat yeah right yes so
near the end I understand I have to
decelerate and that probably doesn't go
the full hundred twenty then okay so
that's where you want to end up on that
corner yeah it seems like a good spot
right range is 80
all right the boat pulls up on the shore
the lizard folk are ready to jump you
guys wanted to take one set of shots
before he arrived I think so go ahead
and take your one set of shots you could
have waited until you were within 80
feet so the three of you that do it 19
is gonna be a hit with some damage you
ping him for seven scene weapon no it
goes just why the source the shaman
steps out of the way watching the arrow
plunge into the of soil behind him I was
using my action to - right grubbé did
you have a range sorry what are we doing
roll initiative you're the second one in
line so why don't you roll for the party
this round oh god I have the boat oh
sorry I'll take away the boat from you
guys now no yes I throw the boat on to
the all right side do it roll us
initiative house with me Oh guys you owe
my initiative was super high great click
click nish oh we created initiative
twice in a row that's all right go for
it the boat hits the shore you guys are
ready like Marines to hop out and storm
the beaches
I can move 30 feet right here mm-hmm
how can I take a hit with my ha burn at
the shaman 24 to hit whole week's rap
you hit 12 damage gz pz i think i'm
going to add a like a trip attack or
whatever i just want to add more damage
to that so I'm gonna throw right here we
already died there it'll take 2 more
damage and must make a strength saving
throw otherwise he shall be knocked
prone ok he was a 5 and it hits the
ground like a sack of potatoes
alright let me step up here so you see
this error here I'm going 40 and then
diagonal 5 feet and then one more all
right go for it
date I'll go to this prone guy and I
will take advantage of the triple and
whack in with the quarter staff at
advantage if you hit and you hit him for
six he is dead the source of the the
shaman is down hmm
twice I take a fast action and I swing
my fist over at this neighbor lizard man
in the meantime remember about the
flanking attacks I already moved my full
15 17 is a hit for seven watching you
damage excellent Vaughn did you have a
butt attack to make a booty bug um oh
did I not do that you did not booty bump
oh my god you're right I'm sorry yeah
bottom left guy 13 a hit doesn't hit
though nope he blocks it with his shield
next person in the team um goes in crap
going it dude
go ahead jumps out and
Midway towards this lizard right here
transforms into a giant tiger hoho all
right Wise's the pounce ability on this
one bear because you said I have to be
like 20 feet up all right first off
unusual HP 5d 10 plus 5 mr. tiger take
to give grub SEC okay
oh very nice alright so that took 20
feet of your movement
Tigers have how much movement 40 so you
can go another 20 and pounces on lizard
that is 20 feet you can pounce on lizard
does it how does it you have to make me
in tackle against lizard no option for
that I will generate macros for you yes
there you go I think it's going to be
click on the pounce click away and click
back and then you'll see you pounce and
we'll see what it says what it's done oh
there it is ha alright if the tiger
moves at least 20 feet straight towards
the creature and hits it with a claw
attack on the same turn first or be
knocked down so claw him 15 a fine it's
the lizard folk is surprised as you turn
into a tiger but not that surprised
because he sees shapeshifters all the
time he was not really expecting it the
cloths rake him across the face he makes
himself a strength saving throw fails
miserably gets knocked thrown and then
you can make a bite attack at advantage
because he's prone 16 is a hit for city
damage you grab him by the shoulder
and rip it back and forth ending like
causing a blood to flow down leaving a
nice big flap of skin that kind of opens
and closes that will you can see the
bone kind of moving in the socket as he
struggles on the ground underneath you
it's a paper tiger it's a series of
paper cuts right alright so from my turn
um how well does i intimidate and stuff
like that working combat probably not
super great unless you're already in a
well advantaged position you know like
if the four of you are surrounding one
person you can probably intimidate them
well I was wondering if i killing the
shaman was enough for us to have a shot
at that you can try I can't tell you if
it's gonna work or not ahead of time
okay am i it was all that all the way up
to the shaman without doing it attacked
one moving they do definitely there no
you would get you could get to here
without career causing attack of
opportunity okay it's fine and then I
can I can be in range to the shaman yeah
okay can I try a ripping his head off
while you think I have points and
intimidate as well okay okay how do you
want to come over here grab his head and
rip it off of his body yeah and then
youth intimidate and scream at them
that's gonna be like a DC 20 athletics
check it's gonna be hard to rip
someone's head off their body but names
you my ass it's best rip it up
woo were you like acid splash on the
necks like yeah yeah
melt it up all right if you use acid
splash I will lower the DC by whatever
damage you do okay so just use that this
question I'll write yeah he'll fail the
saving throw automatically all right
it's a DC 19 athletics check still gonna
be tough to do it alright theoretically
doable oh no in fact you fail so badly
you bring him back to life what is it
sure you will the one I don't what's the
worst possible thing that could happen
when you're trying to rip somebody's
head off he splashes himself with acid
have you reached into the acid and burn
yourself from one point of damage fail
to represent off
alright the lizard folks turn their
Shulman is down do we need this purple
box no I just like drawing it the
lizards hiss and sizzle at each other a
few of them coming to fight the tiger
you can't quite do what you want alright
you're gonna get there not make attack
few of them it's actually it looks like
they all have to come get the tiger
because this right here is a 10-foot
cliff and they could slide down it and
then splash in the water but it's kind
of an awkward everything so they're
gonna just come and fight you tiger boy
that was the plan the tiger pause at the
ground ready to fight the one on the
ground stabs at you he's got this
advantage on the attack fails he bites
at your feet to try and get some blood
in his mouth and he succeeds he I'm
certain of bites claws he claws you for
4 points of damage there that bottom guy
misses you with both of his attacks and
the guy to the left of him misses with
both of his attacks so they all more or
less miss the tiger except for the one
guy who managed to claw you for to these
other guys on the right had to move to
get to you and I don't think I have been
kind enough action left over to fight
you and so we come down here to these
two we're gonna start with the guy on
the left
he will fool all three of you went for
the shaman he's not a big fan of this
let's see what we're gonna do here one
he's gonna go for the person who
actually did most of the shot meant
damage to the big obsidian wielding
obsidian halberd wielding fighter in
with the plate armor sure dude he stabs
you in the chest for the 22 hit and
scratches at you with a 13 to hit
where's Kane damage or a 13 to hit two
hits Oh is a multi tag yeah to tax okay
so the first one here the second one who
doesn't yes and you will take five
points of damage from the spear this guy
on the right is going after the show
what do you call yourself your sorcerer
he will stab at you
from this spot so who's got flanking for
is a miss nope nine plus four is a 13
ooh that'll actually hit you've got
shitty AC you know oh oh yeah he'll hit
you for eight points of damage with a
spear and then claw at you with a he's
got advantage which will hit as well oh
my god for the flanking advantage I
almost forgot about this [ __ ]
he'll claw at you for four points for a
total of 14 damn a 12 damage yeah easy
and that's the enemies turn parties turn
our turn yeah I'll uh I'll take the
attack of opportunity from the one on
the right mm-hmm
he stabs at you 17 to hit yep how much
five damage okay I'm gonna go ahead and
swing at this guy at advantage 14 to hit
[Music]
one d8 here so 21 to hit should hit
absolutely
11 points of damage almost kills him
okay um I'll go ahead and swing at him
with the butt of my halberd for a 15-2
hit it's seven points of damage that
will do it you slice off the back of his
tail and then crack him over the
shoulder and he dies okay I was here so
I moved 10 feet so I should have 20 feet
of movement left mm-hmm
I'll pass through this creature and be
here yep why that's wrong I was gonna go
maybe here yes yeah you're fine okay I'm
done okay
take advantage of the opening and I'll
go right here and attack him from this
side with a flurry first the quarter
staff Wow a crit for seven points of
damage and I will then I hit him with my
unarmed strike 20 wills hits six points
of damage beautiful
the lizard folk is bludgeoned around the
head chest and shoulders by your quarter
staff and your fists after that I'm
going to move over here given the tiger
some support all right that will provoke
an opportunity no he already made his
opportunity attack against Vaughn so he
gets no more
instead of that hitting that solo guy
can I move over here and burning hands
for them I totally you'll take an attack
of opportunity but you can totally try
to burning hands then although wait
tonight they're all within 15 feet now I
mean if you would have to still be in
one of these squares - I've already done
the opportunity so you're fine well
that's true he's already done the
opportunity so you could burning hands
all of these people including the tiger
I'll hit grub - probably forgive me grub
will forget yeah don't worry grub and
making him drinking you toasty all right
let's do it all right so do you wanna
cast it eight points of damage to
everything in the area
do you see 13 dexterity saving throw so
fail fail fail fail all of the lizard
folk fail what scrub do Grubb has to
make a dexterity save and throw in his
Tiger form what's Tiger grub's form if
you look at the character sheet you can
just click on the decks character sheet
16 you pass you only take 4 damage hug
well I think good stuff thanks
your turn Tiger grub attacks the most
wounded one with a bite well you
critical him because he's already prone
yes and he dies yes but I wanted you to
roll the damage anyway cuz it's a lot
grub rips into the neck and shakes it
like a cat shaking a dead mouse that it
caught no turns to the one on the
further
up to the right and sends a claw
unfortunately Tigers only get one
attacked around unless you pounce really
yes that is their only drawback grub
doesn't do that all right
also it's a flaming tiger so it flames
boys on fire he like bites it's a fiery
tiger that bites and flings it into the
air bit okay our lizard folk can tell
that the battle is not turning in their
favor you guys have come back with a
vengeance and they're done here they're
gonna all take the disengage action and
move 30 feet away and try to flee this
situation that is as far as they can get
this round tonight turn gruffy right
eastern you said party Stern alright I'm
gonna go ahead and take a swing at this
guy right here I forgot all about that
guy huh did you shoot I miss everything
he is just petrified trying to run away
I guess you know he was scared shitless
of you and he just stood there and you
just battered around him the two of you
were just tearing each other off it's
fine okay and then I move here once my
turn is done okay grub grub goes and
attacks with a pounce on on this yeah
this one here this one here all right
bouncing bouncing you go to bounce
autumn but the lizard tucks and ducks
and rolls and manages to just escape
retire I throw athens bus on the the to
blow the tiger all right they will make
saves like feeling them at this point
and then 20 they're fine they ignore the
acid alright i rapidly move over here
flanking this lizard men and i will pop
in 18 milk it seven will fail
that puts damage you hit him in the
square of his back he stumbles towards
the tiger tries to rebalance himself I
think every one of the party has had
their turn
so the lizard's go down here versus
Vaughn lizard finally snaps back to
reality realizes what's happening takes
a disengage and flees into the water
submerging underneath and bees for
lizard folk also disengage and run for
the water these two can submerge the
other two are not close enough to
submerge and it becomes the party's turn
Grubb goes for the pounce on the the one
with the most HP okay
grabs pounce a big one bouncing yeah 16
hits pounce ISM 17 that bites he goes
prone and he goes toe to the water so
you can't quite fight in the pattern
what do you call the refraction of light
through water can puts his head just
slightly to the side and you can't quite
hit him but he is still prone and you
got a paw on him sighing okay oh I have
to remind me how do you do the arrow
while moving thing spacebar bass barking
that's the placing roll Valera is now
done by pressing Q or right-clicking no
thanks oh that's what it is okay so I'll
take that path and I will unleash a
quarter staff in an unarmed strike an
advantage against this guy excellent
16:18 are both hits four points of
damage five points of damage is nine he
is barely barely alive so close does
anyone else want to get in on this or
you guys yeah and to lead by 533 things
move 30 feet that way that is correct
I'm gonna move over here and then I'm
gonna have to splash both of them again
all right they wound their most wounded
one fails and the
one fails as well they will take to
damage this guy dies imagine diluted
that myth actually survives it's like
the last bit of acid just barely cuts
through the carotid artery and his
throat and then it just starts spraying
everywhere madly and you guys the one
remaining lizard folk pieces out he
turns on a dime heads southward with the
disengage action and dives into the
water
vanishing below wait can I I could I
still at an action can I drop my Halbert
and just take a shot my bow at him
before he runs away there's this waist
10 foot cliff right here I think that
would block his view from you a potshot
go for it rolling all right rolling the
10 foot cliff is blocking his view of
the lizard folk shoots over the air
maybe I can't see the lizard folk to
know where to shoot I can see the eyes
of my allies and where the eyes are
pointed at and I should be able to use
that Kobe elephant okay we're good all
right the battle is done
the monsters have been slayed the island
is safe and you can move on through like
it doesn't matter drop become 19:54
again you know wake up the crossbow bolt
the hit yeah
wait we want to search search island the
greenie nest and wherever there be
greenie nest there's gonna be lots of
Goldie's because that's what girls okay
we search down yeah all right you start
picking over the island in search of
what exactly Goldie's Goldie's right
the ancient people that lived here 1500
years ago used to trade in gold and
silver and gems you guys don't have much
use for that sort of thing yourselves
but the dwarves that live in the
mountains still do you know within Yaka
you don't really trade but the dwarves
want that [ __ ] money the dwarves will
give you good steel good armor good
weapons maybe even passage from one end
of a mountain to the other end of a
mountain through there safe and steady
underground tunnels where you can move
it and
credible speeds in complete safety gold
is useful in some situations
wait you were control Z's again the
dwarves with the underground orbs for
now up Grubb goes and finds a big Reed
and puts it in the middle of the island
Grubbs claimed this Grubbs say now this
is Grubb Island anyone want to dispute
that this is no grub island or no
challengers to your supremacy girl
violin don't have first island many more
oh god the next one okay will everyone
the party roll me perception checks as
you search each of you hmm
these are terrible can I have advantage
cuz I'm a goblin
neither one finds it all anyway so
you're all searching and hide along evil
one you have 20/20 yeah I'm just trying
remember the pronunciation of your head
around his name hide one alright you
come over to this area and as you're
poking around something seems off about
this like little patch of swamp over
here and so you you poke a stick into it
and it is way too deep it is way deeper
than any of these little patches ought
to be there's something in there there's
nothing in the water and you expect
there ought to be what does it mean
maybe we can I hold the canoe upside
down and use it as an air bubble to
explore down there how deep is it it
goes deeper than your stick which is
maybe two feet long oh oh I have light
as a cam trip can I throw a light down
there hmm I think you need to see the
thing that you want to cast light on but
you could cast light on something and
drop it to the bottom okay I picked up a
rock throw a light on it and
all right it plummets and it heads down
maybe four feet deep or so you can
barely make out the the light through
the murky waters here Divya it's a duck
weed and the tie they what do you call
them lily pads that are sitting around
from the the glow that you can see down
there it looks like there is some sort
of passageway that leads in this
direction hmm grub think that there gold
down there if grub were gold gold would
be where grub but grub can't argue with
that logic mm-hmm yeah grub you should
go explore yes yes can I put a light on
his forehead yeah awesome grub goes
explores alright grub you dive into the
murky stinky waters you swim forward
until you pop up in a small little air
chamber you must be like right
underneath this hill right here in this
AirTrain burr you see a woven nest made
out of branches and twigs and stuffed
with like little downy bits some
feathers here some soft materials there
it's all kind of damp and in this little
nest or a clutch of four eggs four
lizard folk eggs and also inside of this
nest kind of scattered between the
little bits of branches and wool and
fuzzy stuff are a few little interesting
shiny things hey friends I found things
to eat grub find four things to eat for
all four friends bring my omelette yeah
also I think shiny thing watch tiny
thing - I went to anything okay bring
shiny thing he goes and tries to get the
shiny things yeah what'd you pull out
are a series of dwarven teeth modified
with a little bit of gold like to added
a filling or they got like a little bit
of glue it bling on the front or they
put a little Golden Cap golden dwarven
teeth or dwarven teeth modified with
little bits of gold how many about a
half-dozen okay so half dozen of those
in four eggs and four lizard eggs okay
grab anything else
there instead noting that you care about
well I should hold on your drop hold on
Heather there's a blue and gray feather
King krub put it in grump hair yeah you
can drum gets the feather and puts it in
girl yeah yeah you do not get eggs and
takes them back with the teeth rub pops
back up look friends look what grab
brings Wow beautiful I wonder could I
like you know do we know a lot about
lizards like do they need to be warm or
cold to hunt whenever we can hatch them
you might be able to top of it every
night Vaughn doesn't know eidolon you
are like well losers are kind of cold
blooded creatures
anyway I don't think they insulate their
eggs very much you probably don't even
need to sit on them no wait grub can
talk to egg grab starts talking to the
egg
what do you how do you talk to the egg
first off Hague how we grill you you
tell gum okay he doesn't respond it
seems annoyed I looks happy to dude this
is not good grub grub think this egg no
good
we should this egg okay crack that one
and keep the rest yeah
grub eats it alright you crack it up
slurp up side Oh slurp up the little
fetus in their fetuses okay drop I think
you should try talking to the other one
ah grub talked to this egg i when he
talks to I try to pretend to like reply
but make it sound like it's from the egg
hey Greg how we grow how we grow you
keep me cold is Oh egg respond tell tell
more good egg good sleep now Oh egg
wants to sleep Shh we have to be very
quiet
then I wake the egg alright okay you
successfully don't pick up the remaining
eggs the followers will pull up in their
canoes you can chat with them if you
want and then continue on down the river
yeah blanket yep everybody's packed back
up into the boats we continue down the
river yeah sorry excellent
is there any snow that we want to cast
in the meantime do we want a good bury
somebody back to H so some level of HP
or anything holy man will tend to wounds
yes yes I can tend to your wounds I am a
cleric after all what sort of clamp
would I be I couldn't even heal the sick
well you'd be a real shitty one the
first person who's wounded
I have a plan flare alright he'll come
up to you lay a hand on your forehead
and says Martha the mother blesses you
and heals your wounds and you gain 5 hit
points and he looks at you and goes my
you you haven't been keeping up with
your prayers have you it seems
Martha is not too pleased with you if
you promise me you'll say 10 Hail
mother's and five our fathers then I
will heal you again how about I save the
village from the dragon instead grab
some sense nonsense I'm trying to save
your soul here not just your life grab
goes up the idea one just tell him you
do it then you don't do it very well
good good notes five our mothers and for
the 10 our fathers prep gets a thumbs up
and wanders off to find fresh heals you
this time for six and I is you
suspiciously if you had been honest with
your words the mother would have healed
you more methinks you are beginning to
lie to me good sir I just stare at him
he'll go over to Vaughn and heal you for
12 right off the bat you're a good lad
thank you
unlike that sneaky saucer over there you
should keep an eye on him of course I do
my best to keep an eye on all my
children excellent excellent
I'm glad to hear my sermons have been
paying off alright the party hops back
in the boat heads back downriver there
are no more Simon have any cool stuff oh
yeah what's common sit on him but like
he doesn't have any treasure wait did he
have a stick a large stick oh yeah he's
got a stick
grab wants the stick okay it's a crooked
piece of oak that branches into three
separate segments at the bottom so that
you can like if you find a sort of level
area you can rest it and it'll just
stand on its own and then like it's kind
of gnarled and twisted and you can walk
around with it otherwise rub takes the
stick grub will now do the taking the
stick victory dance and on the boat grub
goes in a small circle saying grub grub
dub grub grub dub corrupted up the
entire way for the rest of the trip
excellent alright nice
you can rest that evening as the boat
gets pulled up and tucked into a little
area to be hidden how don't talk to me
about the way that you rest while you're
in the jungle when you've got all these
people with you how do you hide from all
the monsters and predators that are out
here at night you want to eat you just
have to keep a watch and be really
careful yeah I imagine we probably be
sleeping like closest to the river
because it closes one side off from
where people could like wander up to us
I mean yeah and then I measure we
probably flip our canoes and sleep on
the other side of them or whatever so
that it's not like a big commotion and
sleep under the canoes very clever all
right excellent
the next day comes and you continue your
journey down the river is that a counts
as a short rest for everybody so they
got as a short rest if you everyone
regains one hit die
laughter use one of the three hit dice
for that right yes okay and you continue
your journey along the river right over
here as you're getting on towards the
end of the day you cross between two
tall mountains the river goes like right
between them and the terrain here gets a
little bit rocky you see the mountains
sort of like stay off to the sides a
good distance but there are these weird
jutting stones that come out at all
angles and the rivers flow gets kind of
disrupted as you come across like hard
rocky lat land instead of like nice soft
muddy banks the river begins to get more
narrow and deeper until you begin to
hear the rush of a waterfall coming up
ahead oh well you know a way is down the
way you're not about to fall off and die
or anything but you do hear a waterfall
coming are there any birds around tons
grub talks to the bird yeah what do you
say hey bird what what's ahead oh hey
how you doing
you good Bert oh yeah what what what's
over there are you gonna catch to speak
with animals oh yeah oh oh it's uh oh
it's a level one spell I thought was a
can trip no it's an awful install grub
just shouts at the bird like without
trying to be useful you get close enough
to the point that you can see the
waterfall just around a short man speak
with animals is a ritual so he can do it
sure yeah yeah okay so we do talk to the
bird
all right so you pull the boat off onto
the side in order for you to like stop
in place and speak with animals right
perhaps just like shaking a stick anyway
and just starts talking knowing
coherently until he finished until it
finishes the ritual okay Rob is mid
ritual when the boat turns around this
corner and there's a waterfall before
you die you're in the back steering yep
what are you gonna do now that there's a
waterfall oh you know 40 or 50 feet
around this corner
how high is it I had originally assumed
that we were just going to lightly go
over it it's high enough that you can't
immediately see water on the other side
so I could be 5 feet or that could be 30
feet you know until you get to the edge
of the waterfall it's hard to judge its
distance I've heard Bank it hey old man
old man
there's a waterfall over there great I
heard that the bird told me okay you can
pull it on to the shore crums ritual
casting and your ritual finishes as the
party pulls the boat onto the shore and
begins to take a look at the waterfall
you may now catch awk with a bird
hey bird hey how you doing
what's good yeah me too um is there a
waterfall over there oh yeah okay thanks
hey guys there's a waterfall over there
I popped Rob on the head could you I
look at how high up we are
it's like a 30 or 40 foot drop now that
we're banked is there a simple like
slope that we can just walk they can you
down yeah you're in this weird
mountainous section of everything you
feel like you could probably just walk
the boat along the side for a little
while and that is when let's see if you
guys have popped out people in front
can I get a perception check from Vaughn
and idolan production check perception
check yeah whoa
crit it's the [ __ ] bird he's just
saying hello in your ear over and over
he can't hear anything [ __ ] else so
annoying who would make that sound
repetitively alright it's alright
cuz the sorcerer already in touch with
the world around you you can sense a
static disturbance in the air the hairs
on the back of your neck begin to stand
on end
and it snaps you to attention you know
exactly what this is well before it even
as are on you these are the fearsome
electric eel hounds which are as
terrifying as you could think imagine an
electric eel but as big as a
medium-sized dog and with legs that will
run out of the water and bite you and
shock you they're nearby
they're somewhere nearby wait how do we
know this we can see them or eidolon can
feel that the electricity on the pedal
is a party wipe tell what there are huge
electric eels nearby what what's it
what's it what's yeah I would set down
the canoe and I would ready it in action
and attack wait yo is it part of a town
it's a dangerous monster here to kill us
which direction another what's right
before you somewhere so this is the map
that you should be able to see what is
black is sort of like a like a blocked
viewpoint see surely they can't detect
us and lend their legs man they can run
on land they can be found in jungles
near the river they see them like in the
dorms wait who elected these eels can we
from the river and make sure make sure
you see the river
hashtag can we wait wait everybody come
forward ready bow shots I'll be in the
front and if they come out after us
we'll wait a minute see if they come out
if they do then we'll fight them
peach the eels I declared that I have a
dodge ready and then I've got my
opportunity attack as well so all right
we can't see anything ahead of us we
don't see like little sparks or whatever
shooting them in the water anything no
nothing
drop your [ __ ] hides ok grub or well
hidden within the bush grub is bad like
um there's like a tree stuff next to me
can I hit it a few times with my halberd
to kind of like go to mout you like
shock I smack the tree stump see if
anything happens
sure yeah you make some noises and that
is when they begin to pop into view not
out of the water but from in front of
you along the path I think I can see
them yeah if I D see them I'm okay over
here
let's roll initiative the third person
the party is gonna be out alone all
right alone hi right I love them so bad
at pronouncing your name havin draw the
initiative you write a few select your
token you'll see in the upper left-hand
corner it'll be a 0 - initiative wait oh
all right
our electric eel hounds are gonna go
first
shocker thanks Evan the this hound goes
first and it'll move right up next to
you as I move into my threat range I'll
take a swing and miss but I don't care
ok then it will close with you and it'll
bite 23 to hit is a success and it will
deal I should just do this off-screen 9
and 7 damage wow that is a lot a total
16 damage 9 of which is electrical and
you need to make me a DC 13 Constitution
saving throw or be stunned for a minute
you get to make saving throws at the end
of your rounds DC what 13 Khan okay did
um if I'm Tina dodge action does that
help me with those roles I forget if it
helps me with a certain save oh no I
think it might be Dec saves against
it helps you against Xterra t saving
throws okay yeah that's correct and I'm
making a constitution to make though
yeah okay saving throws Constitution no
good you are stunned Shh and our
electric eel will then continue to this
spot that cannot use any more movement
the next one will run on up come right
up to you and sink his big shiny
electrical teeth into you
let's see who's got advantage because
you're stunned I think a fifteen will
hit you yeah and he will hit you for
that none of these guys have ready bow
shots I did yeah I thought I probably
should have gone off right as they were
charging yeah just trying I mean I my
angle wasn't that good on that one sir
thank you yeah please do yeah if you
have ready chance here nineteen is gonna
hit yeah I'm with some damage three Wow
alright so that from one is almost dead
when it gets to eidelons area the one
that hits you Vaughan hits you for
sixteen points of damage between the
bite and the shock you don't need to
make the save because you're already
stunned so it doesn't matter
maybe the other one does or you just an
about the first one that I mean didn't
know though that's the second one the
second one comes up and bites you too
okay I meant to then Oh
and the third eel comes on over to give
a bond at advantage to is amiss and a
five is amiss even with its bonus to hit
so uh that's it and the remaining
electric eels can't really tight as a
gym clothes leave it grab grab go okay
wait Burnie hunts first before anyone
goes in position Grubbs had better idea
go for it
wait you do first okay and grub thing
awesome so if I I'm fine if I'm in here
right wait yep
and I'm burning hands everyone without
hitting on if you stand here you can
Bernie hands all three of these
leavening bond you can hook here hands
them and then move right back afterwards
and I can tie angle if they hit the one
behind the rock dude decided that Tina
was fifteen feet is the range right yeah
look like this is clearly it should be
15 feet wide at the end and then fifteen
feet long
oh I see okay got it
um and there's nothing I could do that
either use like the inspiration or the
sorcerer thing I can't do stuff for
burning in no not on spell attacks but
not on a saving throw based attacks and
you spelled that like you roll to hit
them is when you would use that or if
you're trying to like avoid an effect on
yourself or anyhow it is
roll it eight damage DC thirteen
dexterity save alright so the first one
fails second one fails third one passes
so this guy takes eight and is almost
dead this front guy dies outright and
this one is at less than half HP noogie
pack so look at I don't want was he
wearing any metal no I don't think so
are you wearing any metal no okay okay
grab go grub grub speaks to plant starts
talking to the Bush of these in hey Bush
Bush you go over there and you get them
and then cast entangle in a 20-foot area
across here restraining all of them and
making a difficult terrain grub cast the
spell now excellent let's that's more
than twenty feet isn't it don't know but
you should shut up can we hit how many
can we hit with a 20-foot radius I don't
know for cross and then as many high as
you want okay
we'll hit all four of those and then if
the other one wants to pass through he
also has to deal with the train right
yeah
ya know they all have to do strengths
18th res excellence oh you have like a
little thing that cool alright the
plants come to life they grab at the
eels and we'll have the eels do this
[ __ ] on their turn and then as a bonus
action grub uses the nimble escape and
hides in the bush hidin bush excellent
old man so I don't get the benefit that
they're restrained yet yeah they should
roll restrain right now so that he can
potentially get advantage of those
attacks hangul do to do to do a creature
in the area when you cast the spell must
okay so that you did do it now perfect
the first one what is there is the
strength save strength Sam yeah for all
all right so the first one fails second
one passes I will mark the entangled
ones with Nets the third one fails and
the last one fails
wow that was three natural Elevens all
right there you go okay once this
entangles gone off I'm going to go over
here to fawns right to try to give him
some cover all right give me a strength
saving throws you walk into the
entangled territory so I think the way
that in tango works I could be wrong on
this is that it the cast actually
restrains them and then from there on it
becomes difficult terrain but I don't
think it really be ope
I myself by doing this but I'm pretty
sure right creeps in the area when you
cast spells Jiu Jitsu could you
restrained by the plants oh this is
substantially different than the chewy
version Gatos yeah
it's weaker okay yeah this weaker all
right yeah you don't have to worry about
it then in fact that's fine so you just
enter the territory but straight most
things don't have good strength so it's
kind of good but there's a level one
spouse let's say whatever I hit the one
on the left with my quarterstaff
no you don't okay and then I punch it
with an orange strike these vines are
growing all over the place and you find
that you're having to spend your time
batting them away from grabbing you
rather than striking at the eels and
Palma at the end of your what is your I
mean what does my option right now I do
I just have to try to link these make
another contract to see if you can get
rid of the shocking yeah I'm going to
spend one cheap point in order to put up
patient defense okay excellent
it is the electric eels turn when I may
come when I make this contract is that
like an action or is it just I'm gonna
happen to my turn it's something that
happens at the end of your turn you're
effectively doing disabled children okay
okay alright so only two eels can reach
anybody this one and this one now the
one that is restrained and entangled
wants to free himself how do they do
that on this turn accuse an action to
make a strength check against your
spells save DC so it will try and free
itself from you with a fifteen so as an
action this guy frees himself from the
entangled by biting at the vines ripping
them with his teeth usually gets reset
thirteen I don't know it should be
thirteen I think it's calculated
somewhere what's your casting wisdom
weight goodness alright so that your
spell saved DC is twelve
okay that one will then move over here
this one is not gonna sleep order stuff
I've tried to absolutely terrible it's
not going well for you
this one will try and escape as well and
will succeed oh no this one will try and
escape and will fail so this one can
goes as ten 20 feet of movement 25 so it
if it difficult train counts is 2x the
squares and yeah yeah get through it
can't move right so this would be
instead of five feet this is 10 feet
yeah and then this would be 20 feet
total 25
30 this one it's already got that guy
shocked and you're right here so he's
gonna come and bite you Kai
sigh yeah with a 17 to hit I'm dodging
Oh disadvantage Oh 13 to hit you missed
excellent to my very rapid dodging and
weaving okay and this one will go 10 20
30 and I do believe electric eel hounds
are fast critters they got 40 feet of
movement it will take 42 here and then
bite its I as well who is dodging so
disadvantage on the attack roll 18 and a
natural 20 so the 18 will hit you will
take 4 and 6 shock damage 10 electrical
and 1 and something physical 1 3
physical so 14 total and I needed a DC
13 con save or be stunned okay they are
dangerous do you have advantage on that
for any reason no all right you are
stunned
what if grub believes in him Lots Rob
knows the party's turn gets to roll
around there is well oh no it goes after
you guys it's fine party certain grub is
going to do this the bush starts to
shake and out of the bush comes a giant
[ __ ] bear all right just through the
bush and @mn runs into how do I get my
bear there's a bear before you get in
the way of like Bernie hands can I shoot
ya go
where's the best lightweight we're gonna
hit the most people with Bernie hands
I'll be right back sorry yeah no idea
man
it's a terrible angle if I if I stand
here can I not hit those three without
hitting destiny there's no way without
hitting destiny we may hit up the left
side of the month sir I don't think that
you can hit this guy and this guy
without also hitting this guy yes about
stepping away from this guy what I can
yeah yeah cuz in order to hit this guy
right here you'd have to like lower it
down to like this right oh there we go
in this situation you could hit these
two easily but not the ones on your side
yeah yeah it's a tough shot what are you
gonna do your party's life depends on it
yeah I'm like I'm scared of getting a
one hit by the one above me yeah you
should be
hmm what about he if I move the guy
above me at the hit on me right
if you've already moved into this
position and yes if I move there come
here throw them woo if you move there
you could hit 3 plus Steven wait because
he's 15 feet from you at that point
I'm gonna head not to hit both of these
guys it'll over reach and hit him too ah
it's a terrible situation the worst
right okay you know I am going to do I'm
gonna do burning hands from the two
above above this you yeah all right do
it
Oh 13 damage is very good they will make
their dexterity saves this guy they roll
at +3 stock ever rolls a 14 and passes
the other guy rolls a much much less and
fail so the one in the back dies to the
firing burning and this one takes half
of 13 which is just gonna be 7 6 for our
purposes and it's fine also I want the
Devin will you make me a I don't know
wisdom saving throw versus his deck save
to see if your routes catch fire and
burn away cuz he did just send them all
fire
mm-hmm all right so the routes in this
area burn away and now they look like
that and reduced to that grub burst out
of the bushes comes up in front of the
sorcerer and goes for a bite on the
bottom wounded one all right 9 is no
good was it up with a qua this will hit
do the roots do damage when Bernie no
there I don't think they they burned
long enough there's sort of magical
roots and they just like fizzle and pop
and just touching them as well they're
already I'm tangled by them that's true
if it were spiderwebs it would totally
work because the web spell specifically
calls that out the root spell doesn't so
I think they just kind of snap and burn
and die enough that they don't tank a
Mick ground difficult ring that is the
party's turd with the two shocks people
make me 13 Khan saving throws and
remember you have inspiration yeah I
might have to use that let me see where
there are pearls here you are golden
okay yeah I'm gonna go ahead and pop my
inspiration oh I'm gonna do a cohort
tuition thing what do I need to get out
of this 13 okay cool all right all right
you guys are free
and that is when crawling out of the
mountains above you and behind the last
electric eel challenge is a monster made
of roots plants grasses ferns just this
big shambling mound of living plant
matter which reaches out to attack the
electric eel monster that's cool and it
will grab it with a slam attack sixteen
to hit for a crap ton of damage
eight plus 1 plus 4 8 plus 5 is 13
damage to the hound which actually kills
it outright that one only had 7 HP can
we just get back in the boat all right
and then you can see the shambling mound
just starts dragging the eel into its
big like foliage cover of everything and
we go to the party note 2 deals turn
does now the eels turn this one okay
there's one under the bear isn't there
yeah the Bears in such an awkward
situation I think wait there's a is
there actually there was there yeah
there's one up there you must not have
noticed you have you've got to be in
this spot I think in order to occupy the
right number of squares so the one on
top looks between the giant terrifying
bear and the much smaller little wizard
and decides to eat the wizard the bear
tried like the objective of the bear was
to get in front of the sorcerer to like
right but as we just saw you didn't even
notice there was one right here that's
cuz that bears so big he just went right
over them yeah yeah you just didn't even
notice it it's terrible no one hit me
four plus five is only an eight nine
which does not hit our 11ac wizard
partners come on
this eel is free Oh God so many good
choices oh he's definitely going after
the bear he bites it the twenty two kids
that it's not two for four and three
electric is seven electric
and for what is your bite damage do mr.
electric eel wait for D four plus three
[Music]
for piercing damage so seven and four
seven and four and I need you to make me
a DC 13 con save which I believe now
comes from your bear form yes it does so
that would be a failure you are shocked
how does it and now what does the party
start
should we just boat and brave the
waterfall because I'm British read this
like big family man who's got a
one-hitter any other raving the
waterfall sounds like certain death
forty feet is a like if we start taking
our people over and some of the canoes
around or retreating for a final we're
totally [ __ ] so I think we yeah I
think we just continue to fight okay
well now that I'm finally awake I want
to take a swing at this guy in front of
me um what halberds sixteen to hit
that'll hit 12 damage you kill it
outright I absolutely do okay I'm gonna
hop back wait wait wait
what oh I'm so sorry I don't have any
this does that you only stun if you have
metal or does it it just has advantage
on the electric part of the attack if
you have metal okay sorry okay I'm gonna
do my bonus attack here I'm eighteen to
hit because I should have advantaged due
to the flank yes you'd hit that's seven
points of damage it's great damage you
look the old is battered against that
stump over there it lies limply for a
moment before getting back to its feet
I'm gonna go ahead and do a no I'm just
all chill there I'm done all right
hard one
I will fire acid acid splash at the
electric eel yeah okay it'll make it
saving throw which is a pass natural 18
it's fine and a sigh what are you gonna
do
so can i freely see where the shambling
man came from now yeah it just crawled
off of this big mountain over here Oh
off of the mountains that's not a layer
or anything right
it just it was part of the foliage up
there and it just came crawling down hmm
you know what since it's not there right
now can I climb this is it flammable in
a mountain yeah yeah you can try and
climb up eh it's just like a steep
heavily wooded jungly slope how high
would you like to climb Oh like how high
up does it go wait we still have attacks
on the bear humbling mountains Blair
understand
so because lift climbs up maybe like 30
or 40 feet I mean how do you say like
the the steepness of the cliff maybe
only goes up 20 feet but like if you
keep going up and up and up you could
theoretically go hundreds of feet if you
don't mind also going like hundreds of
feet horizontally you know I'm not sure
how to answer your question it's not
like a sheer cliff it's a an ascending
mountain got it I'm going to come over
here and hit this seal alright I will
simply attack another quarter staff and
then and there I'm swaggin my fist your
fist hits flesh lots of damage
the electric eel hound is almost dead
not quite close fine stuff all the way
over here a little it is these shambling
Mountain I'm actually I'm gonna go ahead
and pop my action search then and I'll
tell when we're hit and kill it
hopefully eighteen to hit 18 million
damage will kill
it's dead all right the shambling mound
will reach out it now fully has this
electric eel in its grasp pulls it into
the shambling mound and the whole thing
just kind of like slowly moves over into
that bush and then become so still that
you kind of lose sight of the shambling
mound for the bush it just kind of
blends right in with it okay that is not
where it originally came from right
correct
whoa there could be more than fair make
me a save you fail huh
make me a whole bunch until you pass the
parties turn again I would like to use
my second wind
Horton you are healed and the party can
chat the bear is still stunned okay I
hop on the bear you're on the bear
Grabbe correctly regain your senses and
then up that hill oh ah grab does grab
goes up to hell with runway I use the
bear like flinging motion at the same
time I'll take a jump my goal is to find
all this loot the shambling where a man
has been collected all right so you use
the bear to leap up into the mountain
area and look for the layer of a
shambling mound so you can loot it yes a
correct
all right give me a perception check
while you're out there okay
perception jack
ten is not super great let's see what we
get here for shambling bound letters the
bear is up there too right uh yeah I
guess the you were giving your boosting
hand is my interpretation of what I just
the review board is oh the Bears gonna
look around too and the bear has
advantage on perception checks that
involves smell yeah the bear was milking
for loot involves smell well the Bears
gonna try smelling around anyway what's
alright you can do it but no advantage
but go ahead and make you holy [ __ ] bear
okay there's a shambling mound lair here
you're gonna find it I just need to
consult my handy-dandy tables and guides
so while you guys are searching for loot
what is the conversation within the
party do about that shambling mound
that's just like right there can I spend
the time while they're up there can I
spend like I'm just researching and
looking at it and seeing if I'm laying
able to they learn how to recognize them
better yeah definitely give me a nature
check as you observe the shambling mound
within the plant
well munches on the it doesn't munch
it's sort of just like Jesus absorbs and
secretes secretes enzymes and then
absorbs the electric eel hound into it
and you begin to notice the tell-tale
signs of the shambling mound it's not
just simply the vegetation there's
ever-so-slightly sometimes like a little
bit of movement in it and there's this
weird smell this weird coppery smell in
the air as a munches unlike anything
you've seen before ya wanna keep an eye
out for that from now on we see that
creature we can tell is still like in
this area right it hasn't like moved
yeah you got good eyes on it it ain't
going anywhere it's hiding in that Bush
so we've got some people up
investigating hopefully finding a
treasure mound when they're done with
that and we're all cleaned up we should
probably kill that creature ahead of us
and then we can continue to carry our
canoes down and then flop them into the
river yeah you guys find no lair here at
all
maybe shambling mounds don't have lairs
maybe that's far from its lair but
you're certain its lair is not here okay
not so say I'm going to call out for the
bear and make sure I have a soft landing
back a little bit the bear runs over and
provide the bear from love and then drop
down from there boom should we kill this
thing or hope that it doesn't attack us
well we need to drag the canoe over a
pass that way so yes we should probably
kill it what about but like it's just
chilling there right now we can shoot
out the cleric dude till I pop us some
heels first the bear makes like a kind
of charging gesture and then like holes
that snout towards the area where the
thing is huh makes sense
before you do grab how about we take a
few free shots at it hmm
we're talking about kinda the big root
creature yeah yeah I indirect everyone
towards my area to get as much distance
and then I draw out my boat okay so the
party backs up over over here the thing
is clearly in that one bush there's no
other foliage nearby that I could have
hit it in and you're gonna unload all
you're gonna unload a whole bunch of
attacks on it and then hope to just look
light it in combat so it so here's the
question
wait
I have it is there's a cliff right next
to it right yeah so I understand what
Rob down 40-foot yes so the bear intends
to charge that thing and knock it off
the cliff and then we okay
and if that doesn't work can I put light
we could we tie a rope here
do they slow it down so we get maybe
another free shot well I was gonna say
what we could do is we could just set
the canoe up to like block off this
whole section like turn it over and dad
on the ground what if it was their canoe
though we would hate for the canoe to
get broken I don't think I have mending
actually can you mend a canoe is that
within the range of the spell it's like
something about it can't be any more
than a meter or something alone um no
larger break than one foot okay I think
the break will be larger than a foot
well this is assuming that it just tries
to attack it instead of like crawling
over it which you would expect but I
mean we could just shoot it it anyway
what's the worst that could happen we
just all died right yeah so did you want
to shoot it or charge it and knock it
off the cliff because I think those two
are like mutually exclusive right like
if you shoot it then you'll alert it to
the charge and it'll get an action
probably before the charge happens
so unfortunately I don't understand
Grubbs Grubbs going lately but what if
Tom's going he's ignoring everyone the
banner charges in alright give me an
athletics check oh wait is that it's a
shove action you're doing a shove action
to push them off the cliff it's not an
attack it's an opposed athletics check
against their athletics or acrobatics
their choice okay I'm using inspiration
for this do it okay
dexterity athletics strength okay from
the bear so a strength check yeah hell
yeah that we could do with advantage
here we go yes all right let's do it
19 the versus the shambling mounds
pose check which is gonna be a d20 plus
four over all here in chat for dramatic
effect
oh the shambling mount fails you shove
it right off the cliff and it tumbles
and falls the splash very clever very
clever master tactician we see you like
it into the river below is it like
swimming to the finer if you catch up
and look out over the ledge you can see
the shambling mound sort of desperately
clawing for the side of the river and
eventually right near these rocks it
finds purchase on a tree and just pulls
itself into the jungle and vanishes from
sight it seemingly gone if I'm standing
where I am no can I take a quick look
around see if there's more of them yeah
give me a perception check to try and
spot them they do blend in but you kind
of scored your your nature check when
you were observing them let's see what
you can find holy crap another about
that same point equal before Stevens
twelve reception you don't really see
anything idle on give me a order that is
your twenty perception check I'm sorry
yeah yeah you see no more shambling
mouths you're totally in the clear
definitely okay oh very good you can
trust me so we have to bring our canoe
down then yeah you can carry it down the
little pathway no problem grab doing
this because this kind of looks
interesting what is this I'm peeing it
I'm trying to see where you're pinging
that is a log that has fallen down the
mountain okay it's back into grub
alright quit was grouting you see you
see grub grub hit big big plant greenie
and greedy fly zoom into the ocean
then it goes away scrub you are as I
said quite the tactician
yes grub quite tack tack tack tack yeah
thanks after all this is a great part of
war is to subdue the enemy without
fighting subbed up said dub dub step out
dub dub wanders off screaming dub
alright I think this is where we're
gonna call it for this week's session we
will continue the journey to Yuma next
week and we will see what happens then
I'm gonna dull
excuse my hiccups I am going to dole out
some additional experience for everybody
or some experience for everyone why
doesn't the entire party take home a
whopping 1112 points of experience for
today's Monster filled session you
should all have started at nine hundred
whose are at level three oh that should
bring you all to 2012 experience you
only need two thousand seven hundred to
get to level four so if you continue
fighting things at this rate you'll be
level four in no time I do believe we'll
have not all of our sessions be quite
this combat heavy it's that it's worth
listening to as well that the the next
session is gonna be in Destiny's turn oh
yes well we're gonna do shout outs of we
should do shoutouts for every channel
too yeah yeah alright
so let's leave it here for the day
welcome to the lead not the little yoga
the empires of Arcadia prequel to this
show and if you're interested in a
prequel to the show there is a 20 per
hour deemed a marathon that was the the
warm-up to this to like flip a fuss plus
flesh out all the monsters and work out
all the movement mechanics so that is
some additional viewing if you're
interested this it's your channel you
want to run the out
awesome Devin where can people find more
about you more about ear twits uh hi I'm
Devin Nash otherwise known as Grove I
hope you enjoyed the show all of us
worked really hard on bringing this to
you and especially koi boo who built
this entire world from the ground up for
us so if you like I run a show every day
about like gaming and industry news it's
a talk show it's on twitch.tv slash dev
& Nash and I've just been on to be here
I hope you enjoyed the character thank
you guys and Trump working people find
more about you I am a trump SC I play
hearthstone can be playing a good amount
with the latest Halloween event stuff
nice destiny destiny if I made twitch.tv
slash destiny and I play writing games
talk about politics and I do D&D with
koi boo and a couple things and we might
or might not have another episode
tomorrow hang on what's going on and
hope you did all of your shoutouts all
right here sure I hate doing shadows
fairy fairy okay yeah and Devin is
linking everybody's twitch in chat
awesome thanks so much
my name is this rune you're already
watching this on my channel this next
session it's gonna be under sneeze same
time next week
so that's 6 p.m. PST on Wednesday the
16th next week on 6 at 6 p.m. we'll be
on Destiny's stream yeah yes posted on
all of our channels so you can help
signed it
cool awesome so I hope you guys like the
campaign yeah thank you so much for
watching um I'm probably gonna continue
with a little bit of peewee um yeah I'll
see you guys later
thanks yes thank you guys that's super
fun
they look like this box and it's pretty
friggin great
