what's up guys welcome finally to the
Wednesday night blood sports we have an
incredible debate today we have it we
have a great show welcome to the show
the Baked Alaska show of course out here
in Alaska so today's topic most of you
know you know it's a hot-button issue as
we've just had this Florida mass
shooting the school shooting and so I
wanted to get some people together to
talk about gun control so the people I
have today obviously is Joe Biggs and
destiny thank you guys both for being
here and I I think we can I I think this
is gonna be really fun I know Joe is a
huge gun enthusiast from from what I
understand destiny is is I think he owns
a gun but I think he's very much pro
more gun control so I want to hear I
want to hear from them and I'll
interject a couple of my opinions as
well but you know the main thing is is
this is so heated you know I hear people
throwing out terms like you know we need
to ban the bump stock and like like all
these I'm hearing all these buzzwords
that we need to ban all these different
things with guns you know I'm Pro Second
Amendment but I want to hear from the
different sides what's going on I think
there's a lot of emotion being used on
the TV right now so I I just want to
have a little conversation about this so
I'm gonna let Joe Biggs go ahead and
start so Joe why don't you just tell us
you know obviously we have this mass
shooting obviously we don't like to see
people die but what is the proper
response to this tragedy and and what is
it do you think the answer is more gun
control or do you think it's more
freedom and just how will you break that
down an armed society is a polite
society if you were going to carry out
an attack you typically look for soft
targets gun-free zones or kill zones and
we see this time and time again I was at
the pulse nightclub shooting I covered
that I was in San Bernardino I was at
the bottle on theater attack
flew to France and and interviewed
people there you always see these
specific targets are picked and there
and and and these these attacks carried
out areas where they know they can
inflict the most amount of harm because
they know that no one there in that area
is going to be able to defend themselves
thus accomplishing their set out goal to
kill as many people as possible another
thing you have to look at is these
people nine times out of ten have been
prescribed some type of drug it has an
adverse reaction now you can't fully
blame it on the drug at all times but
that is a factor in that and I could
speak from that firsthand we'll get into
that later on down the road but I don't
think we need more gun control I think
we need more trained armed people
I like the father that spoke today at
the the listen session with President
Trump that he held where he had students
from maggiore High School in parkland
Florida and he had the father who had
lost his daughter in that attack and he
made a really good point he goes this is
a time to debate gun control this is a
time to talk about and have a discussion
about how we will protect our students
he says after 9/11 we had the TSA we
started screening people and since then
we haven't had another plane attack like
in 9/11 regardless of what your beliefs
are and all that stuff it still we can
say factually since 9/11 we haven't had
these types of things happen again he
goes why is it that we protect
celebrities with gun politicians with
guns
we protect banks our money with guns but
for some reason we do not protect our
future with guns and I thought that was
a great point because this is a man who
just lost his daughter in a horrible
tragedy and he was able to sit there
with great poise and sift through the BS
it's being pushed out right now and go
you know what this is a common I hate
saying common sense but I guess since
it's such a popular term to use it's
such a common sense way to think about
this I mean yes it's an emotional time
yes he lost his daughter yes it's a
tragedy yes many warning signs were
missed but what can we do now it's
already happened how can we from this
day forward when kids go back to school
tomorrow
how are we going to protect them and I
like with
the Broward County Sheriff said he said
we will put trained competent officers
with guns on school grounds now in
Broward County that just broke on Drudge
Report about 30 minutes ago so that's
gonna happen I think we need that is one
was is one armed Sheriff enough no
because a lot of these high schools are
very big they do active shooter drills
here here and there but they don't do
them enough you don't bring in people
like Tim Kennedy who do a sheepdog
response to come in and actually teach
you the correct ways to react in these
active shooter scenarios implementing
good plans making sure people run
through and they know where the doors
are where the hallways are where did it
where to go are these kids properly
trained on first aid and when I we as
American citizens we we have to put
ourselves in vulnerable situations where
we have to go into a gun-free zone but
you don't have to go unarmed essentially
I always carry with me a tourniquet and
I know how to use it
I always carry with me bandages I always
carry with me first-aid kits and things
like that so when you go to an area
where you're unarmed there are other
things you can do essentially to to help
out and that's right it's not a gun I
are you cleaning guns in the background
there
yeah I'm cleaning guns right now I clean
guns every Wednesday at 7:00 p.m.
Central Standard Time if I need to use
my gun and doesn't work then I'm a
jackass you know that's true I mean do
we do you want to go like point by point
is that okay or I mean so the very first
thing we opened with an armed society is
a polite society America is the most
armed society in the world it doesn't
seem like we're a very polite society if
you're measuring politeness by say a
number of gun homicides okay well I'll
give you that right now
the lefties love pew research center
this was come out January 30th 2018 five
facts
five facts about crime in the u.s.
number one violent crime in the US has
fallen sharply over the past quarter
century the two most common cited
sources of crime statistic in the u.s.
both show a substantial decline in the
violent crime rate since it peaked in
the early nineteen 1990s so that right
there's the bunk now
okay so what you just said is that crime
today in the United States has fallen
sharply relative to previous crime in
the United States which I agree with but
that doesn't debunk the idea that the
United States has more violent gun crime
than any other country in the entire
world right now and more guns than any
other country per capita in the entire
world right now that doesn't speak to
that at all let's look at these other
facts here than buddy because what's
happening across the country across the
world here where's my little chart at
all so I'm talking about violent crime
related to firearms not just violent
crime I think in terms of just violent
crime the United States is pretty
comparable to other countries I think
it's a little bit higher but our gun
crime or our violent crime tends to be
more like lethal because we have so many
firearms in the United States I disagree
but you know it is what it is here's
what you disagree with with what with
cited factors well I disagree with the
fact that this is a more dangerous time
that there's these more violent crimes
with guns we'll say well not to be clear
it's not a more dangerous time crime has
fallen in the United States since the
60s I'm actually pretty substantially
we're living in pretty peaceful time
since we've been recording any type of
violent crime in the United States I'm
not saying saying we live in violent
times I'm saying that we have a very
unique gun homicide problem in the
United States that doesn't exist in any
other country okay I mean but these
other countries also have other things
so looks like it's France let's look at
Paris let's look at all these places
where they don't have guns but they
still have these heinous attacks happen
if you look at did the homicide rate
fall after Britain ban guns in 1997 no
it's spiked yeah you know Germany so
real quick sighting off a one-off terror
event in Paris France doesn't compare it
to the 8,000 9,000 gun homicides that
occur every single year in the United
States but here's my thing why does no
one on the Left go out and have an issue
in 2000 over 2000 crimes murders gun
shootings in Chicago happened no one
calls for gun control then no one goes
out there in the streets and marches no
one way people do all the time Chicago
is one of the toughest gun wasn't in the
country it's actually one of the reasons
that people on the right pointed to my
buddy my buddy Dominick is those
actually running for Cook County Sheriff
I know it if you go to jackass comm it
shows you all the statistics of
everything happening in Chicago right
now day to day
wait so what was your point that people
don't call for stricter gun legislation
Chicago is no no I'm saying no one goes
out and marches on the streets no
there's no country to march about gun
control all the time we go oh my god and
you can see all these kids are marching
here and there they're going here and
there they've got the women's March
people funding them you don't see people
pouring out in the streets when 2,000
people are being murdered in Chicago no
one gives a [ __ ] because we it doesn't
matter to them it doesn't fit a
narrative what's happening we're doing
it right but no one's going out and
doing anything about it
okay we've pivoted like seven times okay
but so let's focus on this one thing so
after every mass shooting event in the
United States there is a huge outcry
from the American public for something
to get done some sort of legislation
will be suggested something will
inevitably die and either the house or
the Senate and then nothing ends up
happening and then the next terror event
happens and then we all get out on the
streets and there's a huge outcry again
but I mean there's definitely a massive
outcry every single time one of these
events happens I don't ever see them
especially in Chicago you don't see a
huge outcry every what about after Vegas
you didn't think there was a huge outcry
after that
oh I said Chicago is what I'm talking
about specifically okay so you don't
think anybody's the Vegas shooting yeah
people people called for the the banning
of the bun stock I remember that
everyone said we should get rid of the
bump stop because we found out that the
bun stock was used in the Vegas shooting
and that's how he was able to imitate
such rapid fire that was happening and
all that so there was a call for that
and then President Donald Trump has
announced that he will try to put it
into all that sure so I'm not even sure
what the point is right now I mean I
think there is an outcry I can't speak
to why there are or aren't enough
marches I guess in Chicago
specifically about gun violence in
Chicago specifically but I don't see
what that has to do with any of this
conversation okay we'll continue well I
mean I guess going back to the point
that we pivoted away from like six or
seven times the the violent crime with
with firearms in the United States seems
to be higher than any other country in
the world our violent crime is a very
lethal in the United States compared to
other countries because we have access
to such powerful weapons to do it that
seems to be a problem it's the unique to
the United States that I think we should
probably work on fixing and how do we do
that
I don't know it's really hard to say
there's a lot of proposed ideas I've
heard things like gun buybacks I've
heard things like maybe people that have
misdemeanors with gun related charges
should be prevented from purchasing
firearms potentially the FBI should be
able to know gun list somebody like they
can no-fly list somebody it's it's a
hard thing to to solve but there has to
be like a conversation or some step in
that direction
one thing that I've heard cited again
and again is that the CDC has a lot of
trouble proposing any sort of gun
related solutions because Republicans
seem to Stonewall them when any type of
research for gun related violence comes
up because the NRA doesn't like the idea
of the CDC study and gun violence yeah
so I things that can be done I think
there's a conversation behind and since
that that there are some steps that
could be taken but we have to understand
that there are a lot of laws already in
place you know and and what we saw
especially with this shooting in
parkland Florida is that the law was
there but there were so many things that
had dropped the ball was dropped so many
time which allowed this individual to
gain access to this weapon you know how
was how how was the ball dropped for
this guy well he was well he was posting
images of himself self-mutilating on
snapchat yet so I just wanna go through
these one at a time so if somebody posts
an image of themself mutilating they
shouldn't be allowed to purchase a
firearm is that something you say I'm
saying if if someone sees that that
should be something that's a red flag
especially when the police have been
called over seven years span 39 times
for abuse for elderly abuse and for
different things like that and okay so
do you think well do you think that if
the police is called to a house 30 times
that nobody in that house should be
allowed to purchase a firearm I'm trying
to figure out what you think should be
different here if the police has been
called to house 30 times that person
shouldn't be allowed to buy a gun now
even if there's no conviction or no
formal charges though there should have
been because it is a felony to torture
animals and things like that they'd been
to his house for that that alone would
have been a felony of us rendering him
from being able to have a firearm wait
so he has a felony conviction no I'm
saying if they would have done their job
he would have gotten one okay why is he
would not we don't quit
real quick to interject I and we're
talking about the Florida shooter right
and I believe the FBI was sent a tip
actually like a youtube comment from him
where he said I'm going to be a
professional school shooter so it in my
opinion I I do believe the FBI was
credible information and they didn't do
anything but but go ahead
but the FBI can't prevent you from
purchasing a firearm they can no-fly
list you but they can't keep you from
getting a gun unless you are like
literally like an imminent threat like
if they have reason to believe that you
were about to go out and kill somebody
immediately the FBI cannot no gun lest
you for instance the Fort Hood shooter
was on an FBI Terror list I believe even
a no-fly list he was on a terror watch
list at least but that guy they weren't
able to prevent him from getting guns
again because Republicans don't want the
FBI to be able to mess with your second
Amendment right to participate on yeah
but after you make a statement like I
want to be a professional mass shooter
at this point in time you start to
question the person sanity and this
person's sanity was questioned they
actually had a mobile Center come by
from the local kuku bin whatever you
want to call it they had psychiatrists
come by and evaluate and they said that
they didn't believe at the time that he
was a threat to society because of two
reasons one he was in school and two he
was with his mother but at one point in
time his mother died and he was out of
school so that was another red flag
these were things that happened prior to
that and and if you pay attention to
these things and you looked at it the
ball was dropped many times well so what
I'm asking what I'm asking you here is
what is the thing like let's let's say
that we can go back in time what is the
law that you would make here that would
prevent this guy from getting a gun I'm
trying to figure what that is like
you're giving me a lot of kind of red
flags but which one of these red flags
are enough for you to say this person's
second Amendment right to own a firearm
needs to be revoked
well animal cruelty is a felony so
therefore felony automatic he doesn't
have a felony conviction but you're not
listening to me that's why the ball was
dropped
if the ball wasn't dropped he would have
a felony we sell this a lot because he
they did not respond to that but we
don't know if that actually happened
this is the United States we have due
process just because we saw a picture or
heard an accusation doesn't mean that
somebody is convicted of a felony or we
just assume they are and they lose one
right okay sure thing we'll go with that
but either way that is felony law that
is a law in Florida so if that would
have happened that would have been the
response he would get if he didn't have
a felony conviction because the ball was
dropped what can you what so what
exactly happened that the ball was
dropped did he did he get an expensive
lawyer and plea it down or was he just
never formally charged with a think if
somebody wasn't formally charged with a
crime we can't both sit here and say
they're a felon that's not how that
works and I said that they didn't do
their job if I start posting pictures
right now on Instagram of me kicking my
dog of me attacking my dog of me killing
animals right there that's gonna get
reported an Instagram as their part
they're supposed to respond to that and
then they would call contact law
enforcement go hey man we got a person
using our platform that is abusing
animals as harming animals and doing
this at that point in time they would
come and go the [ __ ] is going on with
you what are you doing are you [ __ ]
crazy and they would look at the
pictures and go you're clearly out of
[ __ ] control and they would go and go
okay now we have to respond to this we
have to look okay [ __ ] man we've been
called your home how many times you're
abusing elderly people you're this and
that
I think we're getting caught up on the
semantics of this I'd like to move on
it's not a semantics it's because what
I'm looking for is my goal if I was the
person in charge of crafting any type of
legislation or policy is I want to find
out what can I do going forward to make
it so these events don't happen as much
and Joe seems to be saying that while
all of the systems in place are there
for that to be prevented but they just
all failed so I'm trying to figure out
like what in particular failed and why
what would you like use you told me
before the show you said you're for your
pro more gun control can you like
outline quickly outline like what does
that look like to you so this is a
really hard thing to say because I know
that there are some like they think the
