honestly the only yeah the only real fix
for climate change that's going to
happen if you get Zika that's gonna kill
all the unborn children holy [ __ ] every
person goes into a hospital gets tested
and then gets medicated for it and then
it's gone what does it ever come back or
I really appreciate that okay but if
you're 16
stop messaging me okay you have [ __ ]
taste Ross I'm sorry that I'm telling
you [ __ ] Dan what if policy positions
that are delusional are the only ones
that could hope to rectify the
ecological damage the capitalist markets
have done first of all it's not
capitalist market have done it it's
industrialization you [ __ ] idiot so
your attitude is don't talk about Union
because it sounds delusional means I
really wish you would take climate
change more serious whatever know what
I'm telling you is to go get a hobby or
make some [ __ ] friends rather than
talk about delusional policy that'll
never get passed in any legislature
across the entire [ __ ] planet cuz
there's literally no point in [ __ ]
talking about it you can jerk off with
your dumb [ __ ] friends all you want
about ways to fix climate change but if
nobody else is willing to [ __ ] do it
it's literally just a circle jerk holy
[ __ ]
he supports Cameron here but that won't
really but that won't really do anything
about it yeah of course it would what do
you mean providing economic incentives
to stop polluting would be like the most
effective way to do it but you would
also have to enforce these incentives
through multilateral trade agreements
cuz you need to force especially
developing countries like India and
China to buy into it too you should
champion more positive positions instead
of just arguing against things yeah I
should drop of the bucket baby we need a
planned economy um yeah I thought about
a planned economy I'm just not sure
which group of people I'd want to have
like genocided in order to do it I'm not
sure I mean the average person cares but
it isn't the most important issue the
average person does not give a [ __ ]
about climate change alright it's only
kids on the internet that have nothing
better to do than think about their time
people that work full-time and go to
work and do that [ __ ] and take care of
their family and want to see their kids
and [ __ ] don't think about climate
change anywhere near as much as angsty
teens on the internet - who was that who
was the political candidate that got was
it in slate that made his whole career
about like climate change what was he
pulling out like 0.5 percent you need to
specify America only now I'm pretty sure
it's true most of all although I haven't
seen polling data on most parts in the
world so I can't really say you've
agreed that it's an existential threat
why you so dismissive that we're [ __ ]
worried about a self immense grave
threat to existence why can't you
separate out like any two positions in
your head like are you only capable of
like holding like a single thought like
in your brain at any point in time
obviously climate change is a huge
[ __ ] problem but addressing climate
change and addressing people's like
um apathy towards climate change or two
totally separate things right like if
you can't understand that these are two
things I don't know why the [ __ ] you
talk about policy anyway just go
champion your dumb [ __ ] Marxist [ __ ] and
then pretend that that's gonna fix
anything
like you're better off doing that
instead of pretending that you're
actually figuring out like how to solve
a problem
everybody says that they have like they
don't like climate change in blah blah
blah blah when you actually pull people
on what they'd be willing to do about it
the [ __ ] support for that [ __ ] drops
to [ __ ] nothing it's insane whatever
second Vince don't there will never be
reasonable action on climate because
people don't want to reduce consumption
which is probably the only reason why
action to take we just need to hope for
a silver bullet to the issue honestly
the only yeah the only real fix for
climate change that's going to happen
there's one of two ways it will be fixed
one will be a massive technological
breakthrough that will figure out a way
to like pull carbon out of the
atmosphere or something crazy like that
and then the other would be hold on why
do people ask you questions in twitch
chat
it's like watching boomers yell at the
TV nice and then the other thing would
be when catastrophic climate events
actually start happening and destroying
the lives of like tons of people and
then people are like motivated to try to
do something about it although at that
point it's probably too late oh it's
probably too late or it could be too
late now even but but those are the only
two things that will actually spur on
this idea that we're either going to
have a massive legislative shift towards
dealing with climate change or whatever
is just and it's not gonna happen yes
it's not gonna happen fantasy didn't
3,000 people died in that hurricane in
Puerto Rico oh good point dude I didn't
know that hurricanes didn't happen until
[ __ ] climate change really seems like
in the EU it's 50/50 on an increased
fossil text too so not great oh yeah and
that's that's even a light thing that's
not even getting close to getting us
there not to mention that for a lot of
European people a lot of them don't
drive a ton anyway because they could do
like transit [ __ ] dude petrol is so
[ __ ] expensive and you're at holy
[ __ ] [ __ ] I don't even know how much
a gasoline tax of like a few cents or
whatever would even impact people much
because as [ __ ] as already like goddamn
what is it like in Sweden yeah it's
pretty expensive it was like I think
four euros or something per litre really
I thought it was
wait I thought it was like six or seven
I thought it was more expensive than
that I mean like if you look at Florida
prices it's like what three dollars yeah
it's way way way more expensive than the
US that would be like five dollars or
five euros yeah so in Stockholm the
average current price for a gallon of
gas is five dollars and eighty cents it
doesn't have to be a legislative the
executive pressure into a lot to push a
solid climate policy no makes up my
measurements I'm sorry that's not good
that would be that that would be they it
theoretically could but people would
[ __ ] ride no president it was gonna
do it like as soon as you start the
problem the thing is the sad thing is is
that no you will have no political
support doing it it's not gonna come
from the left because labor unions are
gonna [ __ ] hate you and they will
never back any kind of like big change
like that and it's not gonna come from
the right because conservatives think
you're trying to control their lives
when you do anything with the government
so there's no way that that like any
president is gonna step in and actually
do [ __ ] like that
Destinee here's some article that's
going to have some very tenuous link
between possibly increasing intensities
of hurricanes and with climate change
thanks dude
my point is is that nobody around the
world is going to associate hurricane
equals climate change we've had
hurricanes for a long [ __ ] time I
don't know dude could come back in 15
years and you can talk to me maybe I'm
wrong dude hey listen if I'm wrong
that'd be great if [ __ ] ten years from
now everyone around the world's like oh
yeah climate change is a huge issue we
got to deal with a blah blah blah like
man you know what dude you look [ __ ]
dumps me an argument I'll be glad for it
more likely what's gonna happen though
is people are only going to marginally
care they're only gonna do the minimal
not possible because there are more
pressing issues in the average person's
life especially a working-class person
then it's dealing with an esoteric topic
like climate change and until their
houses are literally getting [ __ ]
flooded because of rising sea levels
they're not gonna give a [ __ ] that's my
prediction alright but we'll see what
happens
pointed us and go full dumas how to
explain how to improve things I mean I'm
I'm pretty big I'm talking policy and
most issues it it's just my spell and
climate change I've said a million times
before like the problem with climate
change the problem with pollution is
that the effects aren't felt locally
you're never punished for engaging in a
pollution based activity on a local
level and since the effects are so
generalized getting people incentivized
into doing something about it is very
very very [ __ ] hard and the problem
isn't like well even if you do things to
fix pollution you're not going to see
the impacts of
your actions you're only gonna be able
to read about numbers and a NASA report
however you are going to UM you're gonna
feel the pain of dealing with it
firsthand right you're gonna see trucker
is getting big wage cuts you're gonna
see cost of produce or Goods and stores
going up for poor families you're gonna
see pay cuts for workers like that [ __ ]
is gonna be felt by every single
individual and then the the upside to
that is gonna be reading some article on
NASA calm or go to the news saying oh
the PPM of whatever that means of carbon
dioxide which I guess is the stuff that
breathes out of the car is going down in
the atmosphere the sky I get like that's
the only that there's no way that like
an average person it is going to go for
something like that like it's just it's
not it's delusion to think that an
average person is gonna be roped into
stuff like that climate change means
more extreme weather destiny just
extreme temperatures that's why it's
called climate change and global warming
no I say yes
tower cranes are a sign of climate
change if I got any people died and last
night at Cleveland zoo but [ __ ] it's
evidence that we're going to die sure
it's hard to say how much is like
attributable to climate change though
that's a really hard one to measure for
instance a lot of people were saying
that the Oh what was the name of that
polar vortex or whatever a lot of people
were saying that that was due to climate
change initially when that came out oh
well this is what's kind of it but it
wasn't actually at all like it's not
that I don't think that was true at all
our I'm not that I don't think I watched
like three or four different like
meteorologist videos where the people
were basically saying that like the
average surface tension ground temps
have like kind of change in this way and
it's an anomaly and it happens sometimes
like that's been a like a really big
problem with a lot of climate change
people is one the claims that they've
made have been too extreme and then they
try to make every single thing like a
climate change problem so it makes their
things but seem less believable which i
think is a rhetoric problem I actually
think here's a hot take I think a lot of
damage might have been done to things
like flu shots or vaccines as well
because in America because in America I
don't know if you guys remember this or
Alive for this or I'm trying to think
how long ago was every time a new like
flu thing rolled around dude
everyone on the radio went crazy this is
the new h1x1 flu it's gonna kill seven
million people in the United States it's
gonna be the worst flu
weapon and that's like 12 people died
from it or whatever like holy [ __ ]
wouldn't supporting scientific general
scientific literacy be a good first step
here is a hot take nobody gives a [ __ ]
about scientific anything okay nobody
cares about any of that [ __ ] the left
only likes it when it supports their
viewpoints the right only likes it when
it supports our viewpoints I don't think
anybody actually gives a [ __ ] about like
educational or scientific institutions
it's all it's like science is an
instrument to push like a political
policy like pretty much every time but
even like for me like I consider myself
like to be like pretty Pro medicine and
even I was like starting just like I got
to the point to where like anytime I
heard that [ __ ] on the radio if there
would have been like the next killer flu
epidemic I wouldn't have got a [ __ ]
flu shot for it
because I had heard [ __ ] and it felt
like there were like three seasons there
were three flu seasons in a row where
they were on the radio saying that like
this one is going to kill so many people
and it was like it was always nothing
and I like I don't know I just didn't
give a [ __ ] holy [ __ ] they were always
talking about there's gonna be a massive
epidemics and like nothing whatever
happened it's like okay oh yeah Ebola
and the oh yeah the Zika virus if you
were talking about if you get Zika it's
gonna kill all the unborn children holy
[ __ ] was too much man
too much for me and then yeah the one
person that stepped off the plane and
had like Ebola and people are talking
about everybody who's in the AFI that
bad alarmism [ __ ] I think really damages
certain like public initiatives I wonder
how much of a fault that is for
scientists rather than the media oh dude
um this is based on talking to one
friend so I could be totally wrong on
this but the there is a huge difference
between the scientific community and
like the pops I like news article
community and I think the pop up that
pops I article community does so much
damage to the actual like institutions
of science that like try to do like real
work and get real [ __ ] done oh my god
dude I think if I was like somebody that
actually worked in research I would end
myself reading some of these horrible
[ __ ] articles the seventy third
article on cure for AIDS discovered or
cure for whatever disease and it's like
another like it's like a face to trial
of something that's like used on rats
right I don't know if they face Charles
actually for rats but it's like another
medication that's like that this
medication actually targets and kills
cancer cells in a petri dish like okay
dude headline like
malignant lung cancer cells killed for
humans think okay yeah that whole
futurology there's two parts the
futurology subreddit and then that I
[ __ ] love science Facebook page are
like the worst pages for like scientific
advocacy in the world holy [ __ ] our
science and art petrology nutshell our
science subreddit is usually really good
if you read the headline and even like
the top comment on that subreddit is
easy usually pretty good and then you
can dig into the article as well if you
want but science usually tries to do a
pretty good job at like not
misrepresenting things and if like if
the headline is super super like
exaggerating usually like a top
commander will call it out the foo kill
80k people a few years ago yeah that's
not too surprising the flu kills a lot
of people one thing here's another weird
thing the flu is actually like the flu
is really bad but I think I think a lot
of people get like head colds and they
think they have like the flu I think
this happens a lot we feel like oh yeah
like I had the flu last week I was sick
for like a day or two
it's like generally when you get the flu
that's like you're out for like a week
and it's not like one day you're sick
and then you've got like two days of
like a head cold it's like you have like
pains in your body and you feel very
nauseous for like three or four or five
days it's like it can be or more more it
can be sometimes two weeks of like
feeling like [ __ ] but yeah but like a
lot of people get like a cold be like oh
yeah I think I had like if like I think
I had like the flu last weekend on like
Saturday that's like oh okay
well adults don't typically get through
it um I mean you can yeah I don't think
it's like a restricted to children or
anything I mean obviously if you're like
immunocompromised you probably have
higher chance of getting it but it's not
an interesting post a couple days ago
where people were wondering if you
isolate it every single person on this
earth for like two to six weeks
if the flu virus or like just viruses in
general would just stop existing
but it was kind of an interesting
concept to read about i've always
wondered that for things like STDs like
supposedly stuff like chlamydia and
gonorrhea are only transmitted sexually
and they have like a two percent
occurrence and every single person like
if you forced on one day every person
goes into a hospital gets tested and
then gets medicated for it and then it's
gone where does it ever come back or is
it like gone forever well I have no idea
I have no clue I wonder if it's one of
those things that you can be born with
because I don't think it is but you know
well you could be born with chlamydia in
this in the same way that you could be
born with HIV I like it them if a mother
has it then she can pass it on to you
like and forever
wait are you gonna bow you [ __ ] chill
with these chicken forms what those are
well it's many people on the server I'm
not gonna say there's a way too many
people in the server oh I love doing
this what you looking my name Oh No
oh there he is our TBA in the flesh guys
back from the grave abusing it Oh mad oh
boy there he goes
why where is seeing Steve we need to get
many things on the deep what do we need
but I want people who make you accounts
I don't under you'll to talk for a day
that's a little extreme I've thought
about that but it's like it's such a
double-edged sword on one end it's
really nice well we do 30 minutes on
discord like you your account has to be
30 minutes to even be in the server yeah
but like my name I feel like I feel like
on the new person retention I feel like
that would cut it in half I feel like it
would be you get a lot of new person
retention so well I imagine of a new
person comes you want to retain them
right
obviously sure
you got him I feel like most new people
who come don't type immediately so it
won't affect that awesome wait on
twitches API are you able to check if an
OAuth has verified their email address
with twitch we don't only just use
twitch though yeah I know but are you
able to I think I don't know if that's
not like it which has that like facing
any of you because what you could do is
you could say no talking for one day
unless you Oh off with a twitch account
that has a verified email address
because that well the problem is is you
can still make like throwaway emails
really quick yeah but I mean like this
is something we're like a spammer or
some [ __ ] might be like gonna [ __ ] it
but like if you want to chat it's not
that big a deal cuz you might already
have like an OAuth which account I'm
basically looking for things that would
like discourage spammers but that like
legitimate chowder's would already kind
of like have I guess yeah I think we
looked because I had asked about this
between that and like being able to like
variably set like talk time like uh uh
what CGG it's kind of hard because
you're signing up for the account but
like discord like you probably have a
discord account already mm-hmm
any age doesn't matter but yeah I bet it
doesn't good news for you Steve accounts
cannot be 18 years old so they're all
good for you guys listen I love you okay
somebody did this to me yesterday listen
if you're a girl and you want to chat I
really appreciate that okay but if
you're 16 stop messaging me okay I will
stop responding to you until you tell me
your age okay don't don't do this okay
did I ever tell you that one I don't
even know this is a real girl and I just
have alt-right or trying to like [ __ ]
frame or whatever some girl messaged me
he's like hey how's it going I'm like
hey what's up and she's like I just
wanted to talk to you you seem like
you're lonely and I'm like oh I don't
think I'm lonely but you know how's it
going she's like oh well you know people
say that I'm really good at making
people smile and I'm like oh cool and
then I was like wait how old are you and
she's like oh I'm 14 but I'm like super
mature from it you're like oh cool
message mean four years then see a [ __ ]
that's a lot I have a 16 year old Tommy
she's 18 almost [ __ ] her literally a
day away her PSP on tinder
said 18 and she was 16 oh yeah people do
that lie on tinder
me wearing your stuff oh yeah he Rob's
people a lot robbing you your furnace my
furnace I'm taking it I'm using it okay
Lettie said I'm taking it [ __ ] have any
armor I mean she can't defend herself
what the [ __ ] oh my god man you did ray
plus s holy [ __ ] what the [ __ ] sex shock
steve holy [ __ ]
jeez not a drape isn't a joke atlas what
the [ __ ] is wrong with you she can't do
anything about it Jesus I was talking
about stealing hers oh my holy [ __ ]
is it weird to go to Disneyland as an
adult no shut up
Fox I got this dan who said this did you
say that yeah why is that weird dan yeah
it's weird how many debate this with you
can we're gonna debate it dan this is
our first debate I'm ready to debate you
know before we start won't me just Paul
chat because I want you know I think you
assume that I'm so completely off base
and this is such a radical thought well
look Dan that are agreeing with you are
wrong wrong or incorrect okay let's see
what they say all right hold on what's
the third option context matters that's
a good one is wrong is it wrong for an
adult to go to Disney they see that most
overwhelmingly it's a no well yeah most
people most people voted for Trump also
as ever you know what actually
[Music]
I got this between me I just want to let
you know Dan that Hillary Clinton
actually won the popular vote by 3
million well if you count all the
immigrants that thought I'd share the
illegal immigrant dan dan they snuck in
and they did it anyways right yep you
can just sneak in know he's me dan we
all know that's not true they didn't
even have to sneak in they vote liberal
media will tell you banelings go ahead
what's your point rob yeah well I don't
know we got we got completely distracted
on the topic and that is going to Disney
and as it as an adult is not weird okay
it is weird
no it's not it is telly why state your
case it's like a [ __ ] theme park okay
when you are the minority because it's a
bunch of eight-year-olds running around
that's weird
okay it's not I've been there Fox what
the [ __ ] do you not understand about me
Dad shut up I'm talking shut up I want
to bring the crazy guy back this is too
much okay
so what I was saying is is that look
first of all being an you're not a
minority as an adult and Disney there's
plenty of other adults going and having
a good time at Disney right not only
that but I lost my train of thought but
that's what I'm saying so you wouldn't
feel you wouldn't feel completely fine
like just saying hey I'm gonna buy a
ticket I'm gonna go buy myself that this
absolutely not that would be weird to go
anywhere right it would Six Flags by
yourself it's a good Dan I think it's
weird you you're surrounded by a bunch
of weirdos stop what
straw galloping or any of that [ __ ]
right now listen okay good what buying a
ticket for yourself to go to Disney
is inherently [ __ ] weird okay I don't
think it's nowhere near on the spectrum
of the weirdness level of like I ain't
got [ __ ] to do today I'm gonna go
[ __ ] Six Flags or something okay no
it's no it's the eat it's an equal
amount of weird Dan because why would
you go to a place where it's designed to
experience it as a group why would you
do that and go on it's designed for
[ __ ] parents and their kids to Bill
means well it's designed no it's
designed to transcend generations it's
it's designed to you experience it as a
child and you grow up and be a parent
and you experience it as an adult as a
parent as a brother as a sister as an
aunt as an uncle you experience it
through all the stages of your life
and you grow in it when you're a child
the experience is completely different
than when you're an adult that's because
that's when you see that it's a [ __ ]
capitalist trap where you go there and I
will say that no you go you go there and
you realize how efficient and the
attention to detail that Disney takes
and how it is a capitalist trap but I'm
all stronger if like Disney is set up
specifically to like create communists
or something cuz I go there and I'm like
[ __ ] dude capitalism has gone too
[ __ ] far well right no no no are you
kidding me Disney deserves it I'm
telling you why let me tell you why
Disney desert wait am I saying some
controversial [ __ ] is this gonna go on
Fox News or some meteor be worse maybe
MSNBC or something then is this
controversial to say Disney deserves it
yes okay all right is it wait it is oh
that's on here you saying this okay all
right is it okay all right maybe they
don't deserve it all right but it's it's
not that they deserve it it's just just
you got us to hating understands all the
rage right now so be careful oh is it
okay but you kind of got it Disney like
the fact that I go on The Incredibles
ride and they plant the seed of the
cookies like the whole ride is about
Jack Jack I think stealing cookies or
something I don't remember but the fact
that they plant the seed they make that
the whole theme of the ride and then we
to the end of the row you can they they
they shoot smells of cookies through the
right throughout the ride and then you
get to the end of the ride and they're
selling cookies so they they take you
from the start they you didn't even know
you liked cookies and they they show you
the cookies they make you smell the
cookies they create the demand for the
cookies and then at the end of the right
Oh cookies for sale now Dan that is good
that let me what you got it Disney yeah
I mean listen it says a lot about you if
like this is the most important thing
like you're excited about how much
they've sold the product yeah well I'm
just I'm just like you know what I'm
excited about is I was like damn that is
such good capitalism you know what I
mean
yeah I don't disagree but like I don't
know I've then did Disney cuz I have
kids the only acceptable reason to go
there and yeah it's [ __ ] [ __ ] dude
I know it's good but but you know what's
crazy Dan is this is what's so crazy
about Disney it's the it's so [ __ ]
nuts you walk into a grocery store right
and now this isn't a good example wait
how many no this isn't a good example
but like you're sitting here complaining
and bitching you're like [ __ ] Disney
[ __ ] this [ __ ] it's so expensive they
get you coming and going and you're
saying this as you get out your wallet
to buy a $52 cheeseburger and chicken
nuggets at Disney like they you know
consciously that it's way overpriced
and is way too expensive but you're
doing it every single time and you
repeatedly do it right that's how you
know it's good they got you they got you
by the balls no because I'm I'm
literally telling people I'm
evangelizing people not to go there so
they don't have me by the balls and I do
have you by the balls
they have you by the balls because
you're like oh I want to go to [ __ ]
herb they have little buck Fox by the
balls actually appropriately because
she's [ __ ] she's fall into it she's
like excited like yeah I'm gonna go to
[ __ ] Disney World even though I'm an
adult and okay and what's wrong with
that
we've just been talking about what's
wrong with little fox are not allowed to
have fun I'm not yeah adults are not
allowed to have fun
yep I mean I think there's certainly
social socially acceptable oh my god so
you want to just follow Society now you
just want to be like a part of society
and old little fox this is not this is
not a path wait you want to go down in
this argument w ambassador to dgg is
here stop stop
Iman I'm ki I'm killing you come back
come back right now you don't need 80
[ __ ] diamonds okay if you want to
steal [ __ ] to make armor you don't need
to take [ __ ] 80 diamonds to do it
holy [ __ ] what's going on hold on the
squad W and bass where are they excuse
me excuse me
Dessie we'll get to you in a second what
w ambassador is here Thank You destiny
little fox please be quiet go ahead spen
yes I was just here to say I completely
agree little fox is a woman and that is
why she is completely equal to everybody
and because there was a whole thunder
where's the script she is a woman she is
completely equal to everybody to which
wrote this they gave it to trainee
forward it to me I actually got the
email to to go to Disneyland as an adult
would you go to Disneyland as an adult
as fan yourself stay strong as fen no I
would never go alone to Disneyland
that's ridiculous oh why not why not is
that awkward I don't think I'd even go
alone to like a movie theater
why not you're not talking to anyone
when you're seeing the [ __ ] movie I'm
gonna see a goddamn movie I don't give a
[ __ ] yeah but it's just weird you're so
weird dad
you're an example the movie I'll tell
you if I'll go alone or not well
apparently they're saying no movie is
worth going by yourself you must always
have an exam imaginable that's their
argument they can give you the example I
don't know oh my god well there's no
example going to a movie because I like
to go to a movie and I like to share the
movie experience completely silent
debrief the movie with yes you need
here's the thing I think in most cases
you need to debrief and an ideal
situation arises together so that you
have to ride together back and true I'm
not gonna lie I actually hate that when
I see a movie I need like a day to like
I just need to sleep and think on it
nothing bothers me actually oh my god
this might be my autism flaring up
whatever no joke I don't know when I
when I come out of a theater and the
first thing I hear it's actually a
trigger I'm actually Peeta see what I'm
walking out of here and I've just
watched a whole movie okay and I'm
letting it congeal in my mind and he and
I walk out and the guy next we think
about it I'm like dude I just give me
like [ __ ] five minutes to form an
opinion okay
it triggers the everliving [ __ ] out of
me the second you walk out of here would
you think about it was it good did you
like it how did you think about the
story what did you like the characters
like devised you oh my god I could just
picture these people our god people
going like man dude absolutely triggers
in my chat just said okay well you just
enjoy doing things alone when you get
old as you get older but I will tell you
one thing I do alone I go out to eat
alone a lot I do that a lot I go sit at
a bar and just sit alone and eat
I feel like that's a little more normal
but like I don't know going to
Disneyland alike it's an amusement park
like you're not just gonna go by
yourself like you cannot go you're not
supposed to go I know the reason that
you want to have someone with you when
you go to Disney World
it's so that like you guys are like oh
we're doing this together we both can't
be like this that's the exact [ __ ]
reason what do you want to do in the
child I can go to Disneyland with the
child you're so [ __ ] funny making
pedophile jokes you're so hilarious
I can go to Disneyland with a child and
feel perfectly fine to normal it's
nothing to do with oh let me but what's
another adult so it doesn't seem like
I'm the [ __ ] sterno that's going by
myself I can go to Six Flags which is
eight an adult amusement park and I
don't want to go alone
oh you're screaming just makes me
reinforce that what I'm thinking is
correct and that someone like you needs
actually makes you feel like a kid again
I'm glad you need a [ __ ] corporation
that make you feel like a kid again
I not dan dan over here with his three
million dollar Florida South Beach House
he doesn't need possessions to roll
around in his g-wagen okay Dan hey we're
not talking about material possessions
we're talking Dan yeah it is different I
rather would go to Disneyland and every
month then owning any type of
materialistic item I swear to [ __ ]
god
Disneyland it means so much to me maybe
GE wagons means so much to you and
they're really close to your heart okay
okay I have one I'm not like [ __ ]
like every weekend going to wait go
off-roading Disneyland just means Disney
in general just means a lot to me okay
what did you say I want to step back a
second you said that you would rather go
to Disneyland every week then what
every month rather than owning like some
superior materialist like what thing I
don't know like if I continue wagon with
so I better be clear so g-wagen not a
house or anything oh ok of course I need
a [ __ ] house I need oh ok a bigger
house sexier house would you rather go
to Disney World
well I don't care about having big
houses actually I actually really want
to live in an apartment I'm sorry
I'm a very materialistic person but like
with maybe bags and shoes but I still
care about Disneyland a while Dan it
could be a big generational thing to a
lot of younger people like it's been
studied one experiences over purchases
like is there an empirically dumb
stirred damn you okay dad unis
understand that people have different
opinions I know most people be an adult
and accept that okay I'm being a bigger
adult than you and I liked it listen I'm
willing to accept that most people have
bad wrong opinions I already knew that
coming into this I was just trying to
tell you why yours oh wait also I'm
pretty sure Epcot is made like just for
adults too oh yeah another big hit
against town I took that wait wait wait
can you just go with a full set of iron
armor have you ever had Cherry Garcia
Ben and Jerry's Jerry's yeah it's not
that girl a rich oh shut the [ __ ] up Dan
in your naked favorite flavors are you
serious Dan you were a son of a [ __ ]
you know that you have [ __ ] tastes rose
I'm sorry that I'm telling you [ __ ] dan
no actually you eat [ __ ] as opposed to
Dan not out of touch really who's doing
[ __ ] Terry Garcia does anyone else
like Cherry Garcia was just an get me a
better flavor they are average consumer
you know what eat [ __ ] box I'm gonna be
totally honest you know what [ __ ]
probably tastes better than cherries Ben
and Jerry's is probably the in and out
of the ice cream world I don't know how
bad it's not it's so over its oh my god
you know what [ __ ] it I'm gonna go out
and say it
[ __ ] ice cream period what okay now
you're being I hope they don't clip that
one out of context sorry it's alright
English is your second language you'll
be fine Oh God
which a lot it was good to actually like
a Nutella jar a lot oh oh there John are
so good and it's like five dollars the
tub but Oh mom God is so good I forget
the name of the brand though you know
the ice cream is just like pizza guys
you know how it's all about the toppings
I remember when you're out here in Miami
like two years ago or three years ago
you went to or we all went to like a
nitrogen place you big nitrogen or
actually it was okay I thought it was
pretty good I don't know the mean to it
I had it recently but I can't really
taste much of a difference it's there
are certain types of ice cream places
that like role in the toppings with the
ice cream and they usually give you a
butt ton and dad is some good oh that's
like um the [ __ ] in that name that
place order ice cream right now this is
[ __ ] there's like a really popular
chain that does that I'm trying Oh cold
stone yeah that okay cold stone gets a
nine out of ten instead of a ten out of
ten
only because of the fact that you could
put on an ungodly amount of weight there
and I'm not sure if it should be legal
dude you get a cold stone bowl of ice
cream with those like with the giant
like ice cream cone chocolate-covered
waffle
so we'd like sprinkles on it oh my god
dude I could eat okay don't call out the
obvious here okay but I think there's a
flaw in Cold Stone's business model the
fact of the matter is the ice creams
already [ __ ] cold
what is the stone doing there right like
it's it's flawed from the start like it
what is it gonna make it colder like
that that's what I really want to know
it's something mixing the [ __ ]
ingredients Raj you have you ever been
there before no I have I have casual yes
and it's cringe AF the last time I was
at a cold stone this one I was the
[ __ ] Hawaii Airport for ten hours
waiting for my okay
I have to go just like the Train like
bad ways good night Kelly okay
best premises okay all right be careful
guys all right take care destiny have a
good one all done it's definitely money
yeah thanks I became this way because of
you because you taught me how to like
grow my brain and stuff like that and if
you kind of unlocked my potential by
like make me realize that like pretty
late you understand that we've
completely
