Destinee I'll I'll talk to you about
something for a minute or two what is
your deal with veganism you talked to
vegan gains forbid are you still doing
the whole social contract unless it
defies science social contract doesn't
justify genocide Lowell sorry you're
saying it's about accepting a social
contract right basically the way that my
personal moral system works because I'm
somewhat of a nihilist I don't think
most people would be comfortable sharing
my moral system but I'm big on
reciprocated values sure the geoid name
came out of an example that vegan gains
use that I guess in retrospect I
shouldn't have let him use it because
most people misquote the [ __ ] out of it
but it has to do the idea that I would
be okay
wandering around Jenna sighting like
native tribes that hadn't contacted
people yet but in the hypothetical
example the philosophical people that
were postulated were literally like
subhuman people that were incapable of
ever being nice to outside people like
these are people that would if you
landed on their Island they would cut
you up eat you and that like these were
the examples given and I don't believe
that any human being is intrinsically
incapable of acknowledging like the
right for another human to exist
sure yeah but there's people who aren't
directly attacking you but who can't
reciprocate the social contract and you
don't want to kill those people right um
generally not no because if I'm not
directly interacting with other people I
wouldn't want other people to kill me
for that yeah so I'm just saying it's a
bit more you don't accept just ability
to reciprocate social contract wealth
and ability as grounds for killing
something obviously so you can point to
a case where you don't yeah maybe maybe
it's more about capability I mean your
next step that you go here is arguing
that most animals what you just are
before us right I understand that
look I'll also just do you their
respective mm-hmm with you and not
having just a logical back-and-forth and
just tell you what I actually think I
think that you are not a psychopath I
think you're a reasonable guy I think
that you're a smart guy and you'd sooner
debt sooner defend a consistent position
that sounds totally insane than actually
be inconsistent and get caught on an
inconsistency but I don't think that
your deepest value actually if you
really think about it there's going to
be something like ability to reciprocate
social contract
okay glad you think that of me because
you have a much higher opinion of me
than myself so thank you buddy Steven
can I ask how honest you are about that
about because like your position sounds
a little bit dishonest I know it does
but I don't prefer to get into the
anecdotal stuff because then you're
gonna ask me a bunch of really insane
questions and I'm gonna give you answers
that I believe to be true but you're
going to disbelieve them and you're
gonna think I'm engaging a motivated
reasoning so going into the anecdotal
things doesn't work right because you're
gonna ask questions like well if you ran
over an animal with a car why wouldn't
you feel at least a little bad we can
all we can all totally level that we
can't prove your subjective sure but
this is why I just I just prefers to
engage I just like to lay out the
arguments and then we can attack the
arguments but when people start engaging
and you have like motivated reasoning
well my reasoning is flawed which it
might be I mean the vegan argue is
really hard I mean you can point that
out but like when people are like do you
really believe this is like dude there
are people that really believe that
[ __ ] Obama was born in Kenya like I
can't believe my positions on morality
without it being too unbelievable yeah
um well I've taken some flak for this
but I've said that you actually
maintained a consistent position in that
debate now it could be that there's
other levels of inconsistency that just
haven't been revealed yet but I mean if
you're going to actually bite the bullet
on killing humans who can't reciprocate
the social contract oh you know I will
say that's a consistent position
I just don't totally buy that and even
like just a few minutes ago when I put a
little pressure on it I'm like but
really though we can find people who
they're not reciprocating the social
contract but you don't want to just [ __ ]
them up for no reason I don't crime so
first of all just to be clear I like to
just say reciprocated values I don't
like to use words social contract was
they think of it too usually especially
like government theory and stuff which
is way outside of anything that I'm
capable of discussing but just for
purposes because inevitably somebody
will hear this and be like this isn't
social contract I get a lot of people
that say that and that might be true I
don't know I guess like it's yeah I mean
I well when you say reciprocated values
that there's two kind of things you
could mean or maybe there's more I don't
know but it seems like you in a being
that's just by virtue of whatever is
happening they just happen to be
reciprocating your values or you could
be talking about beings
consciously comprehend and reciprocate
your values so I think there's a tiny
bit of almost like a bait-and-switch
again not like ascribing any intention
to you I don't know if that's
intentional or not but it seems almost
like you're saying you know okay when
let me let me take a minute to just
clarify my thoughts well I mean I
understand the distinction you're
drawing here because if I because if I
say it has to be a conscious process
then I save myself from animals that
would never harm me like hour before
animals right but if I say unconscious
process then we've exposed a flaw right
well how can you justify murder before
and the thing is you have to say you
have to be willing to say oh well it's
just even if they're unconscious and
it's reciprocating you have to say that
to cover all humans but that will cover
animals so you see the little well lemma
so this is kind of like and I don't I
don't I'm not a fan of discussing his
positions because a lot of them are very
emotionally charged but like I would I
don't so the big difficulty in arguing
meat eating versus veganism is that you
have to find a bar that every human can
pass that no animal can I'm not actually
interested I think that there are some
humans and and I would argue that we
already do this in society I would argue
that there are humans that don't pass
that bar that I'm okay not yielding
moral consideration to but I argue that
we already don't do that in society to
some extent that there are humans that
are of sufficient developmentally
delayed statuses that we actually treat
as sub humans but right we don't grant
them autonomy we assign them caretakers
we don't let them make decisions
yeah we don't stab them to death right
yeah but no I'll agree that and if
someone's condition gets bad enough like
you and I aren't gonna diverge on things
like thinking euthanasia
moral are we they lose that the
euthanasia is moral that it's at least
morally neutral well I would argue well
we have to defend thing as long as
someone's suffering someone's suffering
brutally it's horrible there's no
getting out of it they make a rational
choice to die
they can't kill themself you you don't
deny for example that that's moral right
I'm just making am I getting lost in
double negatives so I would clearly
state if somebody wants their someone
else to kill them for whatever reason I
think that's ok you can make the
decision if they say yeah of course yeah
yeah so I'm just just a random area to
go to but I just I don't think will
disagree that there's some conditions
where it's okay to kill a human that's
that will also agree there's some
conditions where it's okay to kill an
animal it's just about you you totally
hit what is for me then
nail right on the head when you talked
about it's about drawing a line based on
some consistent principle and the reason
has to be a consistent principles
because if it's an inconsistent
principle someone can just say well I'm
going to be inconsistent and treat you
like [ __ ] so it makes no sense so I have
to draw some kind of consistent line
that's very hard to find a way to place
that line that covers all humans we want
to cover the literally all humans in all
situations is like a strongmen I know
you're not using that yeah sure
obviously we know those there's those
cases like Jeff's war yeah euthanasia so
yeah I think that's actually a genuine
problem and I don't know how you would
draw that line in a way that excludes
farmed animals I really genuinely don't
yeah for sure and I can understand that
and like I say I don't think that does
it for you
really yeah maybe I mean like I said my
I guess like the main reason why I
wanted to do well the main reason I
wanted to debate vegan games it was
because I saw that he debated two or
three other people and they were just
[ __ ] so stupid oh god one was that
Brooks guy the no [ __ ] dude and the
other was someone else and I don't know
and the thing that irritates me is that
meat eaters are oftentimes incredibly
dishonest and incredibly inconsistent
with the way that they treat animals and
it always bothered me that meat eaters
are very very kind and extend so much
consideration to pets to household pets
but absolutely zero or ante
consideration to like farm animals yes
so that inconsistency is something that
I pointed out I always said that if most
people were to be forced to adopt like
philosophical principles that I think
most people would wind up as vegans if
that's a position that like in a hundred
years I this sounds really extreme to
say but I think we'll look back on
veganism the same way we look back on
like slavery and stuff that people
wonder like how the [ __ ] could we ever
condone like harvesting and murdering so
many yeah yeah okay so the first thing I
really want to say to that is can't you
be the guy to put yourself a step ahead
of someone like Sargon who says that and
doesn't act okay don't ever compare me
to Sargon I can't even blame statement
destiny and he won't act on it well I
don't know what sorry first of all he
actually I'll make this statement so I
can probably does even have like a set
of ethics or moral positions thought-out
like the guy's a [ __ ] brain-dead
yeah just be foolish yet we'll look back
we'll think it's horrible we'll think
it's like slavery oh sure okay yeah he's
probably quoting somebody else I hate
Sargon I don't know the way that for me
personally I am when I try to like build
morals out of principles or out of like
I guess axiomatic truths or whatever
like I'm very nihilistic in my approach
to things more so than most people so I
don't think this will ever necessarily
apply to me if that makes sense but I
acknowledge that I do it on a level that
most people don't like I have a really
really hard time getting to an area
where I respect any other human life
from a rational point of view at all
because when you start going down the
veganism versus mediating or whatever
route you run into like nihilistic
properties very quickly so like for an
example if a lot of vegans will define
like sentient life is life that's worthy
of being protected if you ask why to
that that almost ends up being like an
axiomatic thing what you expect right
and like these are really hard things
like what we should respect conscious
creatures okay well why you know what is
even consciousness like I believe like
I'm totally on the same page as you like
we would both agree morality is
fundamentally subjective it's a moot
strap by some base level value axiom
like we yeah totally yeah so it comes to
so building vegan values out of that
kind of like nihilistic black hole is
literally like I need to generate some
way to respect the life of an animal
that will never benefit me never respect
me never do anything or or interact with
me in some conscious level ever and
that's a really hard thing to do unless
you can assign some magical property to
I say magic all that sounds
disrespectful but unless you can assign
some property that is worthy of moral
consideration to all animals and switch
it's really hard to do from like that
kind of like nihilistic area okay no no
I I totally I get what you're saying
what's a good way to put this the I
think that you're overlooking a really
easy intuitive intuitively easy way for
us to do that which is we all
intuitively already believe in some kind
of ethics for humans and yeah but so
like intuition is something that I
attack like hard
yeah guide what we want step ones one
sec one sec with the intuition I'm not
saying that the morale morality should
be based on intuition that's just the
point about how psychologically easy it
is to accept
but I was also going to make the
statement that we have actual we could
say like logical propositions about how
we should treat humans on the table that
generally speaking basically all humans
except like you shouldn't commit
needless murder though I could get you
to veganism pretty much just from those
principles I think that the problem is
when you look at it like there's this
nihilistic void how do you bootstrap
rights for animals that problem it would
seem just like that for bootstrapping
rights for humans from an alien
perspective it always seems like that
trying to like bootstrap rights for
something you don't intuitively have a
lot of concern for it would feel like
that actually for a human who's a
psychopath trying to bootstrap rights
for other humans but the point that I
would make is that if you have some like
propositional beliefs about morality on
the table for how you want to be treated
I think that you can get to veganism
following from that maybe well yeah I
mean so I mean I guess like I don't I
don't I have no value whatsoever for
intuitive feeling I guess like whenever
I make any more arguments i average I
very much reject okay no I'm not saying
because I'm when I'm told the only
reason I mentioned intuition I mentioned
two things there firstly intuition than
the actual logical like propositions we
have on the table orally that we can
agree on the intuition of it was just
about how easy it is to psychologically
accept that wasn't actually a point that
we catch should value something just
because it's intuitive it's just how
easy it is to spread okay but even the
easiness to spread is an idea because
there's a lot of ideas that we have to
fight now well I don't know it's hard
like a sexual dimorphism like how hard
do we have to fight against this versus
how much is intuitive right the idea
that somebody could be gender fluid or
transgender is an idea that is very easy
to reject like from probably for me even
in an intuitive standpoint but that
doesn't necessarily make it a moral
option right what why are you why are
you talking about whether something
being intuitive makes it moral I'm not
saying well I'm sorry I guess I was
going to speaking more to your idea of
like the propensity to spread the idea
to other people that's kind of like the
second part of what you brought up or
did I misunderstand this first part was
I was talking about if it's intuitive or
not and that how intuitive it is that
tells you how easy it's going to be to
spread the second part was just about
like we actually have propositional
moral beliefs on the table that we
actually
okay that's kind of the important part
like just forget about how intuitive it
is or how psychologically it is to
accept or any of that just looks like
that I'm in fact also you and I could
probably talk this for a long time so
you tell me when you want to talk to
Matias he's still in here I don't know
where are you he's actually gone oh he's
gone wait what do you mean his phone
wasn't working as is yeah what the [ __ ]
happened that guy um okay well I don't
know I'll go back and forth with you on
this if you want for a little bit and
unless you get bored or have to go do
something but my basic thing would just
be you totally nailed it with the
drawing the line thing and it's just if
you're saying for example a human
shouldn't be stabbed to death needlessly
when you say it's okay to do that to an
animal
there's implicit in what you're saying
that an animal is actually different
from a human in some kind of way that
justifies that so it's just a matter of
what is that difference and if we apply
it to humans would it actually justify
the treatment for humans well like so I
feel like my response to that would be
like so I wouldn't I would never think
that stabbing another human is a moral
decision because I would never want
another human to stab me in terms of
like I would I would never stab an
animal because I wouldn't want an animal
to stab me that's not a type of I guess
a moral exchange that could ever happen
with any animal I except for maybe dogs
I guess I kind of like the one special
exception since they've been bred to be
alongside us for so often but I don't
know like these are the kinds of like
deals or exchanges that can never be
made with pretty much any animal is it
is there some property that's true of an
animal that if true of you would make
you say I don't actually deserve a right
not to be stabbed so this is the reason
why I don't say this reason because I
used a reciprocated system I don't think
that any property is relevant to
anything else so like it's really the
only property I guess I would have be
compared with the ability for it to
reciprocate something like I don't think
killing a human is wrong because the
death of a human is morally wrong or
that human life should be protected or
regarded it's more the idea that if I
say it's permissible to kill other
humans then what is to keep me from
being killed that's the only thing that
matters it's not any type of trinsic
value or property that belongs to humans
sorry good yeah I can actually get under
that and throw you back into the
property thing by pointing
that the ability to reciprocate is
actually a property so okay the property
that makes it okay to kill some beings
and not others is the ability to
reciprocate
then what would logically follow from
that is it's fine to just kill any being
that can't reciprocate morality and you
can bite the bullet on that but that
would justify killing any innocent
person even if we scale their sentience
up to a point that their consciousness
is more valuable than the totality of
humanity over all of history to the
power of infinity the fact that they
can't reciprocate the social contract
that would be just fine to kill that
person so that seems to me like I wake
it was like you give me an example of a
person like that or what do you mean by
that well no it's it's it's just like a
hypothetical condition yeah no no but I
gave him the hypothetical wait so
