what's up buddy oh [ __ ] what's up dude
so so that's your debate with your
college people yeah yeah that was kind
of a [ __ ] show
but um you know I noticed I don't maybe
you don't want to talk about CPI I
wanted to bring up one point during that
which no one was talking about I mean if
you're like a reasonable human being
yeah sure what do you want to talk about
it okay um regarding CP just something I
really quickly wanted to say mm-hmm
is that do you like I can I totally kind
of can see where you're going with this
and I pretty much disagree with Brittany
venti and all those people what they're
just extremist views against it but so
if you follow your think to its logical
conclusion though and your reasonable
points which is you know use old CP CP
that the actors have full consent of and
all that one thing to consider though is
it's not just so easy to get consent as
I'm sure you're aware because it's like
you know you need an ethics committee
you need to make sure that it's all not
gonna have some unintended consequences
and all that [ __ ] and so at the end of
the day you might have very very few
scenarios in which this is actually
gonna go pass through such a committee
right okay okay and then so from there
it's like you're you're there's so many
what-ifs that it's at that point you're
not even because people like to frame it
as oh you're an advocate of CP as long
as it helps solve this problem but it's
not even it's like such a narrow range
of cases that it's really that's really
such a bad way to frame it number one
and then number two something that I
don't think it's considered a lot is we
don't know I don't how recent are these
studies they're like not super long
going right they're not really studies
they're just like or I don't know if
it's considered a sin you know but it's
just like collecting data and saying
that like in countries where a point has
been legalized and even even child porn
or ever they're like certain sexual
attacks and whatnot like all of these
things tend to drop when that happens
well I mean like that there could be a
lot of reasons for that
maybe I mean that you can find a lot of
correlated things it's not necessarily
causal I mean like but basically my
whole point for this Glink is that like
my ultimate goal is to have less
children raped so I would just follow
the research wherever the research goes
like that's it it's like when you say
like a lot of these objections are just
like really dumb
sink down but like what do you say like
well maybe they can't get the consent
from anybody to do like the child porn
stuff but it's like well okay well if
they can't then we just wouldn't do it
like what do you think my response would
have been to that do you think that I
would say well they should force him
against their will to do it
no obviously no I'm just trying to see
where this no I'm saying that's not it's
not like you would just follow like the
research or the procedure so they can't
find anybody to do that yeah they just
wouldn't do it obviously and then what
do you think about about lowly like
virtual porn oh yeah that's a really
hard one for me from from me I would
have to think a lot about this for me
personally I don't like that [ __ ] in my
community I I think I have all that [ __ ]
banned across my discord and everything
just cuz I feel like if you're into
lolly [ __ ] that's like it's like you're
kind of into child Lauren but what what
like what do you think about that being
used as therapy instead of CP oh yeah I
mean if they could be used instead then
that would be highly preferable of
course yeah for sure cuz that's not a
person actually so I said this earlier
and of course everybody freaked the [ __ ]
out but like if we're if we're being
rational right child porn the
consumption of child porn in and of
itself isn't the moral wrong it's the
fact that somebody is hurt in the in the
creation of it that's the [ __ ] up right
so like if you could consume you know
like like lollies Khan or 3d porn or
some [ __ ] that's like children oh yeah
they'd probably be a lot better assuming
other things are in place like if that's
so then you don't you lowly as morally
wrong in and of itself then right
because no one's being harmed in moly it
would know you if you wanted to view a
lot like honest like morally harmful you
would have to make you would have to
make arguments about him about long-term
effect so like for instance like here's
a way that you could argue against it
now I don't know if this is true or not
but somebody could say that like well
we've looked at data and people that
look at lolicon after a while begin to
develop a taste for normal child porn
and then after well began to develop the
desire to abuse a child if you could
show those connections then you would
argue that by proxy well Lalique on the
[ __ ] the consumption of it is kind of
immoral because this is the row that it
leads down you might be able to argue
that you know ma'am
okay fair enough okay something else I
don't know if you you're willing to
entertain this but you were talking
about universities and about students
and how you don't think
and I think you said small tipple times
how you don't view that it's a big issue
yeah what's going on in universities
with I guess you could say social
justice or just left ism in general do
you say so you stand by that obviously
right I mean I think it's some stuff
worth talking about but I don't think
it's like a massive deal like the end of
the world or anything right yeah I mean
I agree but like you were saying that
students have always been yeah I've
always been radicalized yeah students
are always radically on college campuses
yeah but don't you agree that in this
day and age that professors are
certainly playing a role in this
radicalization at least in steering it
not really because it doesn't seem to be
demonstrated a lot of these times has
actually been like a professor fighting
a student like I'm what was that one
College where all the students were
rebelling against the professor even
though he was like somewhat reasonable
dude the guy went on joe rogan evergreen
yeah yeah yeah so like I I don't know if
I agree that like I mean like I hate the
poll like I like is there data to back
that like I don't know is this actually
like a thing where they're like all
these radical professors and [ __ ] well
if I if I may actually in that exact
scenario
Brett Weinstein as many times cited the
fact that the problem actually wasn't
the students it's because the faculty
and the staff and the way the whole
system was run was in such a way that it
actually further radicalized these
students and that the staff was
capitulating to this is just insane
demands that were probably he was he was
theorizing that they were essentially
radicalized and told to do these things
like they were actually told to protest
him for being white essentially by
another professor like he has gone on
record saying that and and so the point
is like yes you're right obviously these
students they're very you know
impressionable they're they vote you
know they're somewhat radical and
energetic but at the end of the day I
think a lot of this sort of censorship
and far-left ISM social justice going on
is hugely due to the professor's which
are very liberal of course
overwhelmingly liberal and not
conservative yeah I mean I would expect
anybody in academia to be overwhelmingly
liberal because it's very very hard in
the United States to be intelligent and
be conservative that's a very difficult
position to take
the Conservative Party the Republicans
are literally like denying climate
change and denying that contraception
works and like denying like all of these
like like previous pretty heavily
science to positions it's really hard to
exist in an academic environment and be
a Republican that's really difficult to
do you could do it for market-based
arguments for like economics and whatnot
that's probably why so many like MBAs
and like business-related people tend to
be more conservative and in academia but
if you're like in any of the social
sciences or any of that we're pretty
much your entire profession is denied as
existing by a lot of people on the right
yeah I can understand why would have a
liberal bias I don't know an entirely I
have to look in more like if you've got
whatever you just uh whatever you just
talk to me about if you could send me
that I'll read it later I'm to see if
it's a thing usually what I hear is um I
just shot your link somebody somebody
this is usually way here's the opposite
that when students engage more with
professors it tends to moderate their
views and that the most extreme students
you get are the ones that form these
unions are formed these student people
like body unless a student bodies but
they form like these student groups that
are on their own independent of the
professors that those are usually the
most radicalized groups of people but
what you're saying could be entirely
right the thing that I just think is
from 2014 so it might even be outdated
in the current political climate so for
whatever you were talking about earlier
if you want to shoot me that link and
I'll look over it sometime okay on
discord finds that more students engage
with faculty members and academics to
more on their political views moderate
student activities or what appear to
encourage those already leaning left or
right to tilt further yeah but I'm not
sure it could be I mean there could be
some professors playing into it but
again like do you think that like in the
60s do you think all the the professor's
were like Pro Vietnam Warren [ __ ] and it
was the students that were no no well
actually no back then they were more way
more conservative than they are now they
were probably still overwhelmingly
liberal but wait back in the college
days you think that the professor
students not the students the the
professors either they were more
conservative than the idea but the but
colleges played a huge role in
protesting the Vietnam War like they
like apparently like we're helping
students find ways to like avoid the
draft and [ __ ] like they were very very
liberal like there are there's a huge I
don't want a huge conservative Russians
have but there are a lot of
conservatives that blame on the entire
loss of Vietnam if you think that we
lost I blame that whole loss on
literally college kids protesting that
liberals are the ones and all the
protest from our made us lose the
well okay but that's a little bit
different because I mean even
conservatives - did many conservatives
or people on the right or whatever the
[ __ ] you want to call it of which I
don't even consider myself but even many
of them today would agree that the
Vietnam War was completely corrupt and
all that so no the argument would be
that I don't left back then I wasn't
it's just that they've gone too crazy
with the recipes I don't think that's
true I don't have appeal anecdote and
talk about my mom or dad but like I
would I would be interested to see
polling dedo and how many people thought
America was in the wrong for Vietnam I
would be interested to know if there's
like a Gallup poll or some [ __ ] maybe
somebody in chat will have a link to it
I'd be interested in saying do you think
any of these like skeptics that you
argued with all the time do you think
any of them would defend the Vietnam War
like any of the newer generation the
younger generation newer generation
maybe not I'm not sure it's really hard
because there's such a there's a huge
diversity of point of view right now on
the right in terms of like what they
believe in you know like I would be hard
- I don't want to generalize any of it
right like there's a group of them that
think that like Jewish people are
literally trying to destroy the world
and other people that don't think Jews
are a huge problem like I don't know
it's really hard to pin down like
Kwantung quote though right on a
particular viewpoint okay and then so
but do you think that free speech is an
issue on college at all or no um I
generally would lean yes but I'm pretty
extreme on what I consider free speech
and there are people that would argue it
less than me so like like personally I
think that even Nazis should be allowed
to go to colleges and speak I think that
being able to entertain any point of
view and then being able to dismiss it
with a good argument I think is really
important there are people that aren't
as Extreme as me on that but I would
argue in that case yeah for me
personally I would say colleges have a
problem with that it seems like people
purchase the fun kind of speakers and
they don't like which I don't
is a good thing right okay that's good
this is just another like generality do
you think that people do use the term
should prevail um in facts or what drive
at our elastic perception of reality
yeah it's called skepticism leprechaun
sorry something I've done in ask
question um do i [ __ ] well I'm sorry
that guy done it right when you read you
know it's fine do you use the term
Albright and do you think it's a
legitimate term oh um it's probably a
legitimate term but I try not to use it
I I actually like all my stream I tried
to abandon all of all political terms I
try not to use political labels because
I said earlier that every that oh that
there's such a huge diversity of you on
the right and then that if I label
somebody with a political label all
they'll do is say like oh well I don't
believe in this or that or that and it's
like okay well what do you and then we
have to go down every issue anyway so
it's like really hard you know yeah okay
like an example this would be like
there's a lot of people that feel that
they're right-leaning you know like in a
lot of their political views now but if
you go to somebody like in the in the
United Kingdom that's right leaning
versus somebody in the United States
that's right leaning right so many you
know they might agree on a whole handful
of issues and then when you get up to
socialized healthcare you know the
person the United States says well the
free market get the government out of my
[ __ ] healthcare and a Brit bomber
would be like what the [ __ ] you're
talking about mate get the [ __ ] away
from my NHS don't touch my health care
you know like so so it's really hard to
finally like a one political label that
can describe a large swath of people
right right okay exactly well I'm glad
you said that because even in and I
don't mean to like head you down for the
sins of your hackneyed okay I'll I'll
come out like I don't I'm not trying to
do guilt by association but I've noticed
like I brought your reddit and you know
I'm on your discord decently and it's
just it's not obviously exclusive to
there but a lot of people like who
consider themselves on the left we'll
just broadly use the term like contra
points does this a lot right on YouTube
and people like her um I think country
where it's just a pretty good job at
being somewhat specific in her speech
I've seen like seven or eight of her
videos at this point if you think
there's a spot where she says something
that's really inappropriate I would be
I'm talking about it on a trend like
thing you know but maybe in the future
if you want to point on an example on
Twitter and I'll go over it or something
but I'm getting there use the term
because right is actually a political
party started by Richard Spencer which
is indeed white supremacist and
nationalistic and they're like well when
you call someone like a Lauren sub well
I don't maybe learn something stuffed
the best example I don't know but when
you call someone like a I don't [ __ ]
know like okay like a sargon of akkad
alt right well is he really white
supremacist no but then when you're
allowed to use that term so broadly it
becomes a completely tainted term that
is now interchangeable with white
supremacy and it's like oh well yeah
it's not some weighted term it's kind of
like the word racist you just kind of
use it to discredit your adversary right
right yeah yeah and then it's a mistake
and like I said that's why I trying to
like I describe ben shapiro at one point
is all right and I didn't realize that
there's a lodge I don't want to see
everybody because it but there's a lot
of alt right people that believe in the
Jewish Question
the Jews are trying to take over the
world so you can't call Ben Shapiro all
right because he's [ __ ] he's just
like I don't know if you call me a
neoconservative and I'm not even sure if
that's appropriate but like that you
know you can't call it you and alt right
person because half the outright or or a
large portion of the law right thinks
that like Jews are trying to destroy
Western civilization you know right and
well with contra points the thing when
maybe this isn't the time to bring it up
but I was just gonna say there was a
actual particular clip where she called
Lauren southern fascists and it's like
well that's kind of what I mean like
she's just using it like that's another
term that gets thrown around very
broadly and loosely like fascist and
it's it's just so absurd because fascist
is not even close like Lauren southern
who just has may be very bright leaning
views is not even close to in a fascist
or authoritarian I'm sure I think Lauren
southern hits in terms of like so like
the big [ __ ] dude my government
knowledge is so bad so fascism has to do
with being very nationalistic and being
like I want to say like authoritarian
like yeah
and I think that Lauren southern is like
past that even Nash like Lauren southern
is somebody that I would call blatantly
white nationalists and I think I can
support that pretty easily so like and
then her motive discourse like seems to
play into that like authoritarian
mindset to some extent like I you know
pushing traditional values the family
you know like all of that [ __ ] like ah I
don't know if I have a big problem
calling Lauren southern I'm like
blatantly fascist especially with the
way that her messaging everything works
like going overseas to it to another
country to like jump on boats and like
drive away like the brown people and
[ __ ] like oh I don't know a dude that
soon do you okay this is very this is
related and this also has to do with
some of the streams you were involved in
I'm wondering if you've noticed this
phenomenon too or if you even recognize
this this phenomenon is like it started
from the fact that I think this is when
you were talking with Nick Fuentes and
northern southern and some other [ __ ]
and either you or someone pointed out
that Lauren southern is advocating for
these traditional family values and
having kids and yet like she's you know
she's single I think and she doesn't as
Roman millennial yeah right and so what
that kind of tells to me is and kind of
Brittany venti especially tonight kind
of lent me to believe this is that a lot
of these girls are kind of taking these
positions and maybe they really believe
