you know like city with so there's I'm
not being told to say anything so anyway
and it may well not be represent the
[ __ ] is he doing here God he's so stupid
alright I don't even know half these
[ __ ] fast foods okay Domino's is
Domino's is okay I don't know [ __ ] all
about White Castle subway is is okay
Steak and Shake I've been to here before
they don't really seem that good and
this gets a beat here Wendy's is Wendy's
pretty good Burger King I'm sorry I
don't know what the [ __ ] happened to you
guys
KFC's okay here Colver is only thinking
about Culver's is there [ __ ] ice
cream is so goddamn good I don't know
anything about the rest of their food
McDonald's sits here for being like the
number one fast food chain of the
[ __ ] US and everything and still
having like decent quality food
McDonald's you do it you're okay
Chipotle
what am i near to Dairy Queen Dairy
Queens got that ice cream man I'm
waiting my list is heavily weighted by
desserts okay Dairy Queen's got that
good [ __ ] Moe's don't know [ __ ] all
about them Jersey Mike's panic Express
is Superman I don't know why people like
this place so much I put it yeah pizza
so hot it's [ __ ] random pizza
jack-in-the-box
okay I'm going here to Taco Bell it's
okay Dunkin Donuts oh yeah my doughnut
they got good hot J got decent hot
chocolate they got good ass doughnuts
breakfast sandwiches are okay Popeyes
some good ass [ __ ] solidly better
Popeyes is like if you took KFC and
leveled it up and like didn't it didn't
lose anything
Jimmy John's super overrated I guess we
won't like it
yeah whatever Subway is it has to be one
tear less Jimmy John's not that good
chick-fil-a is okay the fries are good
aww apparently his good number had him
before Nathan his hot dogs never did
this Hardee's has some good ice [ __ ]
artis is a sleeper Hardee's is a sleeper
Opie Little Caesars got that crazy bread
okay and they're hella cheap Little
Caesars sits up here okay not that great
but like [ __ ] do they still do like
the five dollar pizza and the crazy
bread goddamn goddamn crazy bread crazy
bread is so [ __ ] good I'll make
Molina try this [ __ ] today
how was McDonald's that high up because
McDonald's does not have bad food
everything on their menu is decent their
french fries are actually really good
their burgers are okay their chicken
sandwiches the deluxe ones are pretty
good they're pretty good the chicken
nuggets are [ __ ] bomb okay and their
ice cream is pretty good they make
flurries five guys that's like two items
on the menu there okay five guys true
they don't sit on the same five guys
goes right here
so bar I think I've had like once I
don't know [ __ ] all about him Arby's is
pretty good the French fries are always
cold and [ __ ] though even though they
have curly fries
I'm putting their Quiznos another
sleeper Opie unless I haven't had it in
too long Quiznos a sleeper LP
Whataburger haven't tried to in and out
oh it's okay
Papa John's goes up here Carl's jr. is I
think I've had these guys before these
guys go next to Hardee's actually I mix
this in Hardee's up all the time I'm not
actually even sure what the differences
are they related they have like the same
logo they must be right Sonic is going
up Sonic is so [ __ ] good
I'll put it occupy here though and then
Qdoba what Sonic has the best selection
of soft drinks so for instance at a
Sonic but is the best soft drink what is
it called oh wait can somebody check get
it there is a best soft drink who knows
it who knows it who knows it who knows
it who knows it come on come on come on
come on come on come on oho two in a row
two in a row got it hell yeah boys is
[ __ ] cherry limeade a [ __ ] men I
don't know another fast-food restaurant
the highest cherry limeade [ __ ] sonic
does who got it who was it two in a row
[ __ ] knocked it out Tech Jenson and
Sam RGS a [ __ ] men dude a [ __ ] man
my problems with Sonic I have two
problems with Sonic 1 well 3 problems
one very limited selection of stuff
obviously to their bacon a [ __ ] it's
super [ __ ] and I like bacon on my
burgers ok and then 3 they're kind of
expensive so I don't got a lot of
problems you know I said you know I said
for pork it's impossible to [ __ ] up pork
cuz the more you cook it the better it
tastes
that's not true five guys actually
manages to [ __ ] destroy their bacon I
don't know why and I've had this on
three different geographic locations now
when five guys puts bacon under burgers
if you press the bun down the whole
thing like [ __ ] shatters into a
million pieces I don't know that's just
been Mike's it's about guys their bacon
is always way way way way way way way
way way too overcooked
it's like [ __ ] like like crumbles not
good you can make crispy bacon without
like overcooking it that much without
like incinerating it
how do you like the kebab from Germany
on the kebabs are pretty good do you
know what place I discovered and you're
here that's actually really good I don't
know it's like a local place or if it's
like around California did I had a
burger from this place called G fat holy
[ __ ]
I think I had the red burger this was
actually really good this is actually
like pretty fun I was surprised why
don't I believe mr. Minh listen listen
okay I thought about telling everyone in
D&D to write up like a one paragraph
explanation to talk about the
motivations of the characters we ditched
lock because lock was a boring do-gooder
loser piece of [ __ ] who was too had his
head too far possessed trying to be
morally righteous and then we brought on
kuhmo okay who is open free ready to
[ __ ] [ __ ] up okay I didn't know I didn't
know Barbara would switch sides all
right Devin mrs. Lockwood was like [ __ ]
yeah but like Lily and mr. Mouton were
constantly getting [ __ ] irritated at
like the fact that Locke existed like it
wasn't working either one up somebody
had to die it was either going to be me
it was either gonna be lock or was gonna
be like Captain barbone [ __ ] Lily's
character like there is no way that
party could continue because nobody was
willing to move or bend on anything
watch this video and compared to your to
your list it's 105 minutes long I'm
given at the Instax 9 minutes of idubbbz
I'm good dude thanks thanks though
[Music]
oh no that was a really good uh whoever
his filming is on point holy [ __ ]
this fov what we get or stretched should
these guys be like [ __ ] carrying
cancer some [ __ ] or at least being like
real like software dubs-y but oke I
guarantee you this guy put more time
into this than like [ __ ] 95% of
software does put into anything related
to their [ __ ] job hey what the [ __ ]
there's gotta be logic that was used to
animate the case each has 106 also the
logic already exists the hard part is
just putting it in a factorial there's
no real research or discovery happening
you don't think he did any of it you
don't think he did any of like um you're
basically just saying that like
everything here already gives us to just
find a way to implement it in a
factorial I mean I guess he could that
sounds really boring I thought all these
guys usually do like a lot of the
groundwork themselves like in terms of
like figuring out no that wouldn't make
sense I guess no you're right actually
there's almost like there's I guess in
that way there's like almost no
programming or anything going on here
it's really just a matter of finding a
way to translate well what would this be
close to like assembly into like how do
you get this into like a video game like
Minecraft or factorio bait movement what
why did he do this this must have been a
mistake
surely somebody must have seen this and
thought this wasn't like the best of
ideas oh wait oh I didn't even think so
he's actually running oh okay
yikes how many people are running for
president now or running for the
Democratic ticket I watched a lot of
this live the gut the guy that runs a
stream he is nowhere near assertive
enough it's actually like
man he seems like the kind of guy he
might seem like a substitute teacher
that gets like steamrolled by like
four-year-olds all day long I feel like
really bad oh man man lower stop playing
games with this guy says like 30 times
man I'm gonna count from ten man I'm
gonna count from five ma'am I'm gonna
count from ten ma'am give her another
second this is after like 30 tries of
like waiting for her too I'm sure you
would do better yeah sure if you--if you
give somebody a countdown and they don't
do it then you break the [ __ ] down and
you [ __ ] go in you don't sit there
you never say it like 30 times like hey
are you gonna do that hey you're gonna
do those hey what it makes you look like
it severely undermines the [ __ ]
[Music]
Ricky Larry [ __ ] I don't know
[Music]
huh
what's up fat pig well you don't see
where you're [ __ ] going I wasn't
driving shut the [ __ ] up you [ __ ]
piece of bacon skit from david dobkin
vlog I'm a sick [ __ ] I like to get
cocked
[Music]
