okay hey buddy so I'm here to kind of
talk about ethno-nationalism because I
don't know I don't really follow these
all right kind of people not in tow the
whole LA I know that the online personas
not really into them so and I don't
really follow the more race realist idea
of it I believe in it more
philosophically rather than basing it on
IQ and all of these very not like you
said there are terms that really mean
nothing how do you choose how to run
society based on them even if it was
true okay like how do you make decisions
on it so I don't really believe it on
that I believe it more on the sense of
and also just on point on that big
problem with that is if you're saying oh
like you is a determining factor crime
is a determining factor then they have
to give up the fact of okay what if
Japanese because a lot of the talks are
about da you know Middle Easterners or
sub-saharan Africans coming into the
countries but what if you have a mass
migration hypothetically of Japanese or
all these kind of people who want to
come in with higher IQs who do less
crime there's no real defense against
that at that point even though they're
not of the same ethnicity but they fit
all your criteria of being high are cute
and lower crime rates so philosophically
it's more based on I believe in the
cultural aspect and I think that a
people and having its own country is a
good way to protect that because
otherwise you get things like Tibet or
like in America Native American Indians
where there's such a small unity they
only really exist and are still alive
because they have their own small
regions if they didn't exist a Fanta
assembly they'd probably be gone within
America right now wait why would that
matter well because I it's all based on
most of the stuff I think people try to
be true factual a lot of it is based on
what you find this important do you find
culture important do you
find just people in general as an
individual being happy it it's all based
on that I find culture because important
because I think it's a way that can
really unify people I think I really say
that you find that's important why not
just go and find someone have like the
same race or ethnicity and then just
breed with them well what I'm saying is
if you don't have a country to call your
own if you don't have a safe place you
you as a people and as a culture don't
really have any strong ways to protect
your future well like so let's say that
I really lean let's say that I really
like white people so I go on I find
another white person to have a kid if
they really like white people can't they
just go find another white person and
have a kid like what danger is there to
them but once you're saved minority in
your own country that culture really
I'll put it like this one thing that I
usually say a lot and mostly because
leftist say this lot is oh why don't you
I want to be minority what are you
saying that you're treating minorities
improperly I would say it's bad to view
minorities not because of how they're
treated but I think this is true no
matter where you are throughout all of
history no matter what region is if
you're minority you really have no
protection you might be fine right now
but if the majority later on decides to
screw you over for whatever reason they
can do that and you really have no
protection against it because you're a
minority well but that's all me today I
can't are you I'm only guessing because
your accent you're Canadian no no I'm
actually American but I do get that a
lot okay no what are you like really far
north or something or none
oh damn sober Brazil Illinois oh [ __ ]
okay weird I'm sorry I'd like an accent
I guess so looking at minorities in the
United States like we have protections
built into our Constitution to protect
minorities like if you're a black person
in the US and you only wanted like
further the black race like you could
just find a black person and have a kid
or like if you are Hispanic and want to
find a spinor you can do that it seems
like nobody's keeping you from doing
these things right now like do you think
that's gonna change in the future well
I'm saying that good change because
humanity's not going to be
for the next hundred years and then it
ends or America and its rules is not
going to last for all of eternity but
also I would say I would want to stick
maybe on the topic mortal ethnic like
directly ethnic places like say Germany
China place like that rather than
America this is one problem I have with
the basis a lot of it has to do based in
America which that is less about the
talk of ethnicity and ethno-nationalism
it's more of okay what's the legitimacy
of ethno-nationalism within America
because of the history and what's white
this is another thing I don't like to
talk about it's white because it's very
fate I do ethnically European and you
know it's very basic it goes back to
indo-european you know it's very easy to
save someone's ethnicity or ethnically
German wherever you want I don't even
know why that's necessarily true but but
so like so it's moving off from that
I'll assume it is I don't think that
like I don't know if everybody in
Germany is like purely like ethnically
German or if Germanic is even an
ethnicity I'd have to go look it up I'm
not entirely sure well I'm not saying
bully like that uh-huh
maybe ethnic regionalism I should say as
well because this also can include
Tibetans let's say cuz I believe they
should be protect their own culture and
I think that it shouldn't be wiped out
from Han Chinese moving in or whatever
so maybe could even be regional okay so
like so then do you accept that like in
the United States it would probably
never be relevant to like advocate for
an ethnos state we probably could never
do that
oh so the most part yeah but I think
that's something that has to be talked
about more so I would say what would
probably be beneficial is instead of
increasing you know immigration try to
keep the ethnicities even though this is
unrealistic not going to happen you're
nobody's gonna stand up and say
realistically that this is going to
happen but possible sell me this idea so
let's say that I'm somebody and I look
at immigration and I go wow immigration
has had a ton of positive impacts on the
US economy and by virtue of having good
impact on the US economy can positively
impact the crush in other ways so let's
say that I see this and I'm gonna go
vote on policy right now
okay identify as a white person or
whatever and I'm going to the polls and
you're outside and you've got to
convince me to say immigration is bad
stop it and then what is your argument
then when I say well I mean I think it's
an objective good economically how can
you turn me away from voting in favor of
it well if your only basis is Amex I
would say I'm not sure what I really say
against it what other basis should I use
it could be happiness cohesiveness
within a society culture let's just go
one at a time so let's say happiness
right nobody forces me to live next to a
brown or a black person like I could
just move into a why guess a white
neighborhood if I want or I could just
only associate with white people nobody
forces me to be friends with brown or
black people know if that's what makes
me happy no but that was just more of a
statement again it's like not that this
is the reason for us not actually I'm
more saying that if you fight it's what
you find important like say I find
cultural important I find people
important so if you find economics
important then I'd have to look into
that more to try to convince well I
guess my thing is just like I just don't
see what we could get that we don't
already have like if you find culture
important if you're you know like you
can live in areas that are mainly people
that like that kind of culture I guess
if you want to or you could have that
culture within your family like what are
some things that again like you're
standing up side the poem oh you're
trying to say hey this is a reason why
you should vote in favor of decreased
immigration why would what what's the
thing like just one reason like what's a
good reason what's like your killer
argument like this is why you need to
vote for it like your best argument for
why you would vote for a decreased
immigration everything this is why I
don't like American talking about an
American sense because it becomes very
muddied right ah but I would say
maintaining a majority helps protect
cultures and this is why I like speak
you take into place like Germany or
things like this kind of where you think
in Indians like Native Americans would
survive as people if they never had
reservations in America maybe maybe or
maybe not but like I wouldn't care like
when I think of like as a people I guess
make my my ethnicity as an important
thing like they would still have family
and they would have children and their
family names and their families would be
passed on maybe the their gene pool
would ever get diluted as they Nate with
Hispanics or white people or black
people or whatever but okay yeah
watching you I've you don't realize that
I'm just talking this about this just to
talk about my beliefs and stuff I know
that you don't really care about culture
right so we'll make the argument for why
anybody should I guess like because when
you say culture you I noticed this pivot
a lot that we jump from race to culture
like people of different races can share
a similar culture yeah I don't think
they can share similar culture but I
don't think it's a culture that has any
real protection like say if anyway my
protection what's attacking the culture
not attacking it's just that it has no
real secure future right no but no
secure future culture exchange all the
time it's like the nature they change
but they change but they kind of still
have its base culture like you can find
roots very you know heavily connected of
Western cultures into indo-european
cultures from thousands of years so you
know like you're not gonna confuse
German culture nowadays from German
cultures you know you can kind of
they're still but like but you know but
still happen even if you're like let's
say for instance there is a group of
Native Americans and they completely
bread out and whites or whatever and
their culture changes result those white
people would probably trace back
culturally like maybe they eat a
particular type of food I don't know
Buffalo I don't know what the [ __ ]
Native American cultures but maybe they
do something that they could trace like
oh yeah we got this from our Native
American culture I don't think families
ever get together and like totally just
wipe away the the all of the family
traditions of like half the family no
but over time it's not going to be 1/2
because cultures change but like you
said you'd still be able to trace back
roots of that culture know what American
culture doesn't have that much Native
American culture in it it's pretty much
dominated by a Western culture so if
Native Americans didn't have
reservations there that's a regeneration
sure but I'm just talking about like on
reservations like it's a little
different to say Native American culture
because this was actually like a violent
invasion
destruction of a people like that's I
think that's a little bit different than
like immigration and people choosing to
have children versus like militaries
coming in and wiping out you know 95%
plus of the inhabitants yeah but the
same effect happens right they get bred
out or they become a minority so once
the majority takes over they can and
this is why like say for Germany if they
be if Germans become a minority right
the people who come in I fully admit
like they can't integrate but you don't
know if one generation from now or two
or how many generations from well they
can start to connect with their own
roots like oh yeah we're we're from
North Africa let's like what you're
seeing nowadays where more people are
you know like African Americans are
connected to their African culture they
can go back to that and nobody's there
to stop them because there's no majority
culture of Germans why would you back
and really say why would you want to
stop them I guess I'm like I'm trying to
figure how this plays out in real life
like how is this let's say that I'm
somebody that loves white culture how
does this a negative impact negatively
impact me right now let's say I love
white culture and I love white people
and now some Hispanics moved in my
country how am i negatively impacted you
may not be impacted right now but I'm a
long term if they become a majority that
culture that you love and if you love it
and you want to pass it on you know
possibly it all depends if you want to
pass it on if you care about the future
well so like do you think that the other
people would like come into my house and
tell me no you can't pass your culture
on or how do I lose the ability to pass
it on to my children you can pass it on
but over time if they become a minority
they'd be dominated and possibly
integrated and possibly integrate it so
it sounds like the children would then
make the decision to take on another
culture isn't that ultimately their
choice in a way but most people who
integrate don't even great because
they're mostly integrating so that they
can fit in with the society so that they
can work you know kind of cohesively and
actually be productive I know if you're
a minority
you only stick to your own kind and only
stick to your own culture it's gonna be
a lot harder than if you integrate into
that society I mean I think you can
still maintain there people that are
bilingual there are people that have
different traditions at home versus out
in public versus in the workplace like I
guess I just have like a really hard
time seeing that like let's say that I
had like some tradition where like we
kill a turkey every year and then we
like I don't know pin it to a tree and
hit it with a bat or something that like
I could pass this down to my children
they could pass it down to their
children like this is a tradition that
would survive as long as my what's the
opposite of ancestors as long as my
children my future generations wanted to
keep it with them I don't see how even
if my culture became a minority in my
country I don't see how that would be
threatened in any way it might not be
threatened right now you might not see
threatened in future generations like I
mean all culture changes generationally
like even if you have like one
monolithic hetero heterogeneous culture
like there's it everywhere where all the
culture is like the same largest
homogenous yeah even that culture will
change like in the future like like such
that it might even be unrecognizable in
in a thousand years not even a thousand
in a few hundred years even without
necessarily people invading and like out
breeding the people like culture and all
that stuff changes over time no yeah
changes but being replaced is different
right
so like replaced it's just people come
in and cultures intermingle and like
there's a lot of Hispanic people that
come over to the United States that
probably absorb a lot of white culture
as well as bringing over their Hispanic
culture and I'm sure there are a lot of
people in the US that have taken on a
decent amount of Hispanic culture now as
well right I mean like this is kind of
the evolution of culture throughout the
whole history of mankind no right but
there's also been in many cultures that
have completely died out and you
wouldn't really say that like you
probably not sure but maybe those
cultures just suck I mean if they die
out they die like let's say I have a
tradition where I
I don't know chop off my son's foreskin
or some shell like maybe in the future
people just sound like oh well [ __ ] it
you know like I but I mean like that's
the decision of your of your progeny
like they get to make those decisions
don't get to make the decision that I
want all of my all of my children and
children's children I want all of them
to follow culture the exact same way
that I did you know people change over
time I don't see what the big deal is
with your future gentle with your quote
unquote culture dining out because your
future generations have made different
sessions about what culture they want to
embrace
I think the point I'm getting to is that
not that they wouldn't be able to
because you can of course within other
countries that you can you know continue
your cultural traditions but it's a lot
harder and if the majority ruling people
decide that they don't want you to do
that culture start implementing rules
that limit it or try to get you
integrated more into it there's not much
you can really do right like if today we
decided you know a Native Americans
we're getting rid of your reservations
you all have to split up and move into
the cities and have to be separated
right there's not much they can really
do sure no like black people can go or
white people can still live whatever
they want nobody's telling like you're
the one or not maybe not you
particularly but ethnos day people the
ones saying you have to leave these
lands like you can sick again like
that's my whole issue like if you want
to do whatever you want with your
culture in the US nobody's stopping you
from doing anything even if you become a
minority like you can still have your
same culture and do whatever you want
right right but that's the current
political climate right what if you
could change that nobody's pressuring
you it can change what you need your
minority can this is wiping minorities
bed it can change and there's nothing
you can really do it by the way can you
give an example of like a pressure that
you feel like white culture could face
that would irrevocably damaged like
white culture like what's it what's a
pressure that could happen let's say a
European nation were to become you know
the Europeans were minority within their
country oh wait wait let's say Germany
or France or wherever it doesn't really
matter okay whatever specific country
they can become a minority in this
generation next generation it could be
totally fine
they could you know they could practice
their culture but over time if the
majority culture decides that you know
they don't really like this German
culture they want to practice their
original cultures and they put rules
against or not maybe rules against but
more rules pushing people into
integrating into the new culture or
their old culture there's not really
much that the Germans are French can
really do about right look like or say
it doesn't have to be European but what
I'm talking about ethnic nationalism
it's not just for Europeans if say the
Chinese - were to get really physical
and say Tibetans you can never you
cannot practice your culture right now
we're gonna send on Chinese into there
to breed you out
