hey guys lifetime I died and lived for
lifetime he did have a video of him
dying and living for lifetimes yeah so I
thought I would try like your eyebrows I
wish I could go ahead
like when I excited you were doing it
like a trillion times a second well
explain what's really like an insect
yeah but your face is so 3d like usually
oh my god my dad he became wrecking ball
that was how bad my trip was it was a
bad trip I became it's like worst trip
ever
I believe it would it be like to be me
oh he should so we did a her I did a CT
low semen how do you pronounce it so
Simon still assignment of an accent but
I'm still a cipher so they don't cry 3.5
grams because somebody told me that was
enough to get some good [ __ ] then we
tried it there I tried a second bag and
he thought it was me I was just
babysitting him through the experience
and he thought he was me somehow I was I
lived the life of a crazy person for
when that video of my hired thing
it's funny I wish I can explain like I
picked my phone up and it would say like
951 yeah and then like I'd put it down
and I would live a lifetime that girl
and I'd look it up but then I would say
952 and I can't like it communicate what
that was like oh my god that's that's
what I wanted to comprehend like it
really really was each minute was longer
than the rest of your life experience
was when you felt like you still haven't
decisively said that or maybe that's not
about long and short cuts I promise that
I thought my perception of time was
flawed for probably experiencing things
faster wherever I just thought I was and
that makes sense yeah to me I thought
about now or a little earlier it was
that you should have looked at a clock
with the seconds ticking so then you can
see then you can remember how you
experience the seconds as you watch one
second tick how long I would have felt
islands are like maintaining that much
focus on reality it was impossible so
like you'd be there for like three
seconds it's done yeah it's like the
really frustrating part I'll probably
upload if I if they send this video all
right after I don't know depending
what's it I like I want to just throw
this like whole raw footage online is
really fascinating
like I would be talking I would come out
of it and be talking to environment for
like two seconds then I just [ __ ] go
right back into it oh my god so hard and
it was so frustrating
yeah was it just too human
wait did any of these people ever have
your experience so you didn't do such
watch anything fun while you're doing it
you were just in it so like the way that
I would describe this is like oh he went
past the so to another dimension it's
just him saying yeah so some people he
first he felt like what he described as
a marijuana hi yeah what a good bag I
was like I got marijuana I so everything
that's giggly and kind of funny or
whatever but I don't think that kicked
in yet and then I did seven more grams
and then I think the first one kicked in
and like the wall kept exploding in
color and it was just very kind of like
kind of artsy or whatever but then when
the other two bags kicked in it was into
another dimension like art and [ __ ]
wasn't even something I was thinking
about I was dead right he thought he
died and I was stuck in a loop of death
and I couldn't get out oh he was
repeating the same things over and over
you're like you're Peter when you're a
Pete hold on so the problem isn't like
am i dead you're Peter I know this is
real and you repeated am i you you
thought you were me okay so before I got
to that planet so the problem is that
when the [ __ ] I'm pretty sure I can feel
like very distinctively between the 3.5
grams and then when I hit the 10.5 rose
because of a 3.5 that like they're like
explosions of color and [ __ ] and all
that was kind of funny but then when
like the when the full [ __ ] ten and a
half kick down I was like I got lost in
a loop where I was dead and I couldn't
trust any of my senses for anything it
was real and I heard the voice so like
everybody around me like the very
interesting part is that like I saw like
Byron's face which is like saying like
it's kind of weird how we're like all
here right and then I heard like another
girl never but like say like yeah like
what are the chances that you guys would
be here and then someone else is like oh
yeah you're a real big streamer aren't
you isn't that why you're here and like
the second like gasps like the [ __ ] out
of my reality and like by the time I was
done with this loop after like a mutt it
felt like a million times going through
this because what I would remember was
like I would start the loop and I'd be
like
I don't want to do this and then I would
go through it and then I remember they
like I don't want to do this but how
many millions of times was sorry I just
thought I don't want to do this but I
couldn't hold that [ __ ] long enough
to repeat the loop again and by the end
of it I was just like I don't even you
watch back the video and only one
seconds going by you're saying camp in
my hair wait a second one second you say
am I here am i back so that you go away
under Sadie I lay my ear but like every
time it's like am I here and I lose it I
be gone for like hours in my head and
then I come back to like actually one
second I realize right there one or two
second one or two seconds yeah holy [ __ ]
it's really that your mind can process
so much information in two seconds that
wouldn't that by the way possible
yeah I don't know I think every time I
thing that the scariest things are like
I would keep coming back but every time
I come back I would have this inkling
that it wasn't real anymore and I kept
worrying that I would come back and then
that would actually be reality but I'd
be left with this permanent feeling that
it's not real that was like the worst
[ __ ] feeling in the world right and
then I would keep hearing like voices of
these guys like they would say things
that only I knew but they would say them
to make fun of me like walk talking to
themselves in the back the booth is
inner half yeah oh yeah clue this is all
in my head though but it's like so real
and I'm thinking like this is what
insanity feels like but I can't not hear
them making fun of me in the background
yeah holy sure everyone's contemplated
that maybe I don't know if everyone has
I've contemplated that maybe I'm in
what's what's more likely do i stream
back in when I play the first stream
repetitively playing a card game on the
Internet to the thousands of viewers
we're sitting there watching me or am i
an insane asylum banging my head against
a wall right
what's more likely I would like the
thing that I can't explain I said I went
through this loop so many times that it
didn't matter and this is what felt like
death to me what's that like I would
think for like a fleeting second I'd be
like like okay like I don't wanna be
stuck in this loop and then I would go
through these like bad thoughts and then
ever like okay well what does it even
matter like this is death you're dead
like it doesn't matter what you'd want
or think and I would just like repeat
that loop infinitely like dumb stupid
thoughts and I just remember thinking
like I die I can't believe I did this
trip I actually [ __ ] die I'm so
stupid to do this yeah I got whatever so
long you were worried about forgetting
to breathe that's unrelated I think I
asked you guys like a million times like
don't let me die I think I said that
like a million billion times no every
time wait oh I verified to you something
every time you thought that it would
never end
I'm tilting my head pretty much every
time you thought that it would never end
I said I said up okay you know that time
always moves forward I'm saying it'd be
proves right you know time always moves
forward like you you were a person
before before before you had this
experience you knew time always before
it yeah here your opponent's moving
forward right so like and then it's one
thing and the second thing was you know
that if a human ingested some drug but
it wouldn't the effects of it would not
last forever so if you know those two
things the time moves forward and then
if you ingest drugs forever you'll get
out of it there's the hard part for me
to explain like when you said that to me
it felt like you were saying it like
making fun of me like well if it like
you're saying like of course you know
this because you invented this fiction
to be your reality so isn't it like so
convenient that this will be done soon
isn't it so convenient that you'll pass
this or isn't it so right I think
it's like everything that you would say
to me did try to like assure me was like
my own mind was telling me like well of
course he's saying this because I'm like
trying so hard to maintain the facade
but this is all real so even though you
were off and Kris was actually like the
worst for this no I keep saying the
worst this is just all my head because
he was keep saying things that I knew so
like my mind was saying well I'm
scripting this for him to say so that I
could hear it and then he would say
something oh my god it was just [ __ ]
really so hard yeah I and then you were
imagining people [ __ ] with you
everybody's got saying joseline's yeah
me making you think it was I would never
do but again for thinking there was
reality for a moment yeah but then it
was reality sometimes but I could never
tell those stories I don't know what was
reality and I would keep coming back
into a thing it was real but it wasn't
and then you asked me to do the autistic
numbering thing to pinch you I pinched
you I thought it at my arm
so like the two things that I would the
two things that I think as I do this
sounds really meaning to talk about like
I do a lot of lucid dreaming just
because I do I didn't know it was a good
thing I just do but the ways that I
would always test myself I was dreaming
was as a kid as one if I need to be
presented with new information I think I
said like I think I said man afford to
you like a million times
yeah because I want you to give me some
new information that I can't invent in
my own head that's one thing or order to
do your number thing I asked you to do
the autistic number thing right yeah
because I can't I don't know that the
doubles to update what you do but I know
enough to factor gimmicks I'm not like
inventing dumb [ __ ] so I wanted to
single once and you could you could have
new experience I mean even if you seem
along before you'll remember every year
I'm a movie am I getting stuff that I
know that my head could your head can is
making on again but the problem is that
like I kept thinking that like I am
inventing it and I can't know the
difference it's just no possible way for
me to know because I could be
fabricating a reality in front you know
than I was saying that in whose
dream you've never felt pain rise to
that pitch G yeah and I didn't like that
at all right no but then you said it was
helping I think I said that but I didn't
like another the thing isn't like when
you did that there were moments for like
the problem okay so there's like another
part right McKee reckful it was very
[ __ ] horrible
but when you would like do things like I
think you shook man you told me to stand
up when you would do things that would
feel like somebody who was like reaching
out and I felt some part of my mind I
was like wait a second I'm not actually
dead this is real but then everybody in
my mind would go back to gaslighting me
and you would become part of the
fabricated reality experience I'm soon
so while I was doing that while I was
doing that there were other actors
around you fabricating here yeah
constantly and I'd there was no and the
thing that I realized is that the point
I'm trying to decide if I want to do
this future well because I actually felt
insane and I remember thinking like this
is insanity because let's see this yeah
yeah sorry I don't know the thing is it
like when you imagine what it would be
like for your senses to betray you your
cognitive experience is the one
architecting it but when your senses
themselves are actually betraying you
when I look at my phone and it says like
10 51 and then I like watch you guys
walk around the room and we live lives
in this room and I look at my phone
again it's 1052 like but I know that
everything I oh god I just can't because
your senses are lying to you like how
you can't trust anything and I would
yeah it's not like there came up when
were like so reckful kept trying to ask
me like what is it what is happening
because wreck because I would keep
coming back and I think I asked in real
life I think I said didn't I was like
I'm I think I'm back is this real life
yeah and I was what I'm asking I was
saying yes yeah it didn't feel like
seconds it felt like hours and hours
just reminded me there's some show my
name is just a black mirror so to make
it less cool but something about
somebody suddenly goes and lives a life
a whole life with a new life in this
little Hut somewhere in a place where
there's a there's no water oh no it's a
Star Trek episode starts my day no
here's a Star Trek episode I remember
someone suddenly goes and lives Star
Trek next generation their whole life
and on some other planet where there's
um it must be someone's took trips I
think this episode because it sounds
like you're experienced and there's
there's a drought and you're they're
trying to save this is your head and
they do grow old this is 70 years ago by
and just like it was just a second yeah
which is not it's at almost as intense
as what you're describing yes well
probably not that's actually like really
far though yeah but how long that's what
it where you go felt like I was spending
a lifetime's in these lifetimes that's
what you're saying like that was my
whole exist I'm yeah that was one
lifetime yeah so you really experience
with that episode of Star Trek I like my
who I was as a person became a distant
fleeting memory yo I saved today you
know filled me it was like the person I
was was like a distant fleeting memory
and everyone here at gasps what the [ __ ]
Adam is so much in my mind they're like
whatever I thought I was going into that
like I didn't exist to him but that
didn't even matter because who was I to
even think about whether that mattered
because that was part of my past self
that would even care about it so none of
it action matter and I was dead for an
hour
I was just dead for lifetime so I was
actually done while you were dead what
were you experiencing I would so like
the thing that would happen is I would
get stuck in this loop and I know you're
experiencing a loop while you're dead
why do you think I did because you think
you're dead I never got that part I
never said that these I didn't remember
who I was or I didn't think that
the problems are like I keep using I
statements but I can't really and you
didn't have an eye
it wasn't an eye yeah it was like I was
just like passive observer to some pest
some horrible [ __ ] and then like when I
think horrible shredders been a random
not just images that mean nothing and
don't make me happy or anything and that
like who I was as a person was like some
of that past [ __ ] like when you did
come to for a moment and see me and see
your arms and stuff it made everything
worse I don't get that because oh my god
so what would happen was I would come
back for a second and I would say like
ask you is this real yeah yeah that's me
thank you very much I would ask you I
would come out for a lil thing I asked
it was real and then you would say yes I
was positive at return that as soon as I
would say that like the room would just
like [ __ ] go into Fantasyland again
and so I asked you so many times is this
real you know saying yes but it probably
you were gas like in my existence
because as soon as he would say yes I
would lose it again right well you kept
saying was real but it wasn't real
but then but then I realized that it
didn't matter if anything was real what
who you to even care if anything was
real because if I'm what I'm curious
about is if I try it if I tried it would
I care that it's not real because I I'm
calling of content with if I lived in a
dream world for the rest of my life I'm
fine with that
I wasn't that was my priority fine with
it right now no I hated it was the worst
part of the idea of living a dream Oprah
no oh I'm fine with it okay I'm not so
maybe we'll be different for you yeah
what I'm gonna be like for you yeah
because there is like some fleeting like
incontestable small part of me that was
saying that like you shouldn't be okay
with being dead but I couldn't like
figure it out I couldn't hold the
thought long enough to just man and I
kept coming back to it thinking that I
probably thought this thought a trillion
times before but it doesn't matter
because I'm dead and I'm probably stuck
in this loop forever right oh my god
that's something it's holy [ __ ] I'm I
want okay so let's say other people
think yeah I wouldn't recommend this
yeah if you're not like oh you wouldn't
recommend it but it is the eyes you talk
about it I'm more and more interested
but at the same time I'm scared shitless
of being trapped somewhere fur fur feels
like longer than your life oh my god
it's the worst feeling in the world
significantly longer than your life
you're like you're dead you're
infinitely dead forever
it's like your life becomes like a
distant memory that you don't even
remember anymore like I couldn't even
put together pieces well but it was cuz
you guys kept like gaslighting me in my
head to make me think that like what I
was saying wasn't real and like oh my
god we should have screamed the whole
thing we should I went to Airbnb though
which just say the whole thing it looks
like it was fascinating and you never
want to do it again
I don't think I could do that again oh
my god I died it was I don't want to die
again
Oh oh my god
you came through selling I want to so I
was um yeah sorry so we I was gonna do
somebody said that like if you wanted to
do shrooms the first time you should do
1.5 whatever I was like I want a hero
truck with a 3.5 so I did a 3.5 and I
was like let's go even higher and I need
seven more so this is a 10.5 trip anyway
yeah I went to another dimension getting
multiple dimensions oh my god what if an
artist aney a piston II and the main
funny favor intended must feel like
you're being [ __ ] Oh No well yeah
cuz you understand me cuz we get each
other but most people would say that
like why would you ever go after an
experience like this but it's like I
have to have to know what it's like
which i think is the ER thing right now
you're just like intensely curious yeah
I want to know absolutely I was reading
you and I say man you negated it to you
trust me you can communicate it but it's
more frustrating I know I have to
experience them to know but it it's
oppressing me I have to experience
