this song is called my little flower
okay
Lily you're so bad at League cuz you get
[ __ ] when you play League just like
you were a flower getting [ __ ] by a
bee okay what do you miss about fresca
Steve I miss that that was when I didn't
know about him is this the dancing that
we heard so much about yeah let's see it
nothing makes me happier than white
people dancing go for it that's right as
long as I'm far enough back I can't get
be held liable for your behavior say
you're homeless okay quote we're done
with that okay come on I don't know what
my various let's go I want to talk to
you guys about today's sponsor for this
video now what have you guys been
missing in your lives over the past
several months I know what you've been
missing you've been missing a massive
multiplayer online RPG to play on your
cell phone and you know what I have just
the solution for you it's a massive game
called raid Shadow legends okay are you
looking for a mobile turn to base RPG
now you're thinking yeah sure but I
don't want to pay for it well guess what
that's when you're in luck
this one it's free now you're probably
thinking it's free must be garbage wrong
that's where you're wrong it's got an
amazing story
it's got three-dimensional graphics not
two-dimensional graphics 2.5 dimensional
grabbers 3 dimensional graphics ok if
you guys sign up for raid Shadow legends
right now there's a 50,000 silver and a
free epic champion reward as part of the
nuclear program also if you log in every
single day for 90 days you get a reward
every single day that you log in this
game has almost up a perfect score on
the place to our guys which is the gold
standard for rating good online games
download the game the link is in the
description below ok and thank great
shadow legends our wonderful sponsors
for this video can you I can't show this
on stream it's not safe for work I don't
know why you same as well I'm streaming
is really awkward oh my god oh my gosh
I'm gonna just wait for twitchcon Jesus
Christ where you comin soon dairy or
whatever you love anime didn't you say
that ma you're a huge enemy like you
think you like all anime I only over
six-foot Steve I don't like girls that
are over sixes so being mean everyone in
here is really [ __ ] mean turn it down
guys ok listen that was a great dance ok
don't let anybody make fun of your dance
and do what's fun for you ok that's
great this is awesome doctor disrespect
we'll have some dancing partners I'll
keep the camera point of the circuit oh
wait how did that reverse turn on if you
like guys that are over 6 foot do you
mind if they call you like too big for
their taste
we didn't get my too big like weight
wise yeah like I weigh 102 do they want
skinnier than that turning squad w so
hard okay
oh yeah I'll risk it let's go just do it
you're fine right there is one girl that
I'd know that I hung up with sometimes
who does that and it's actually so
depressing cuz I'm like I'm a very
cuddly person every sex but when she's
done she like rolls over and is like
okay goodnight and I'm like okay it's
like it's like really [ __ ] weird and
it feels it feels weird that side this
was what do you think that's like
attractive yeah I think you get a lot of
person yes yes actually
oh wow what's the like ratio on that one
to one every time I do it it works
it's my kill shirt just get over here
why would you just read out a bunch of
meat words about me this is we're gonna
rise up and overtake you Stacey okay
you're just tired of bowling it that's
what you just did let me find the
meanest things Oh
that's the wrong button no no I never
feel ashamed of myself after I
masturbate uh-huh what I'm saying it
just it just the vibe of life is
destroyed I feel so good after it's so
well you okay you know what it depends
on what you're doing that day let me
like sometimes I just when I finish I
just lay back and I'm like ah it chills
good yeah it just it just depends on
what you're doing like if you got a full
day to go to Disney World or something
and have a good time or like go to like
a theme park or Thasos I don't know what
we're gonna see like your little
sister's dance recital or go to the
pediatric unit at the hospital or funny
clips of you and Nathan afterward like I
don't know where you're go with this but
go ahead listen our people we went eight
days with only enough oil for one day
and it lasted the whole time you can't
explain that modern science can't
explain why is it that every time you
let your dumbass candles to celebrate
that holiday you have to buy enough oil
for eight days then because we're
representing a miracle that did happen
not one that's happening today what did
God run out of mana or something that's
real unfortunate running so fast
wrecking my [ __ ] that's me
no it's the [ __ ] twenty and her been
chasing me what are you chasing meet
sing a [ __ ] wait they're wrecking my
[ __ ] actually I'm actually dead okay
Emily where are you real quick I jumped
in the pool oh so you guys lost of all
your experts where it was all 48 no
you're not gonna kill me
stop please no I worked so hard on
everything Emily it's time to reset the
server I get I get I get hate so much I
know and that's I just build I spent so
long to embrace we're gonna bring on so
many new people I've been so nice I'm
trying my hardest a positive and I
totally under Rhys
it's time to redo this over okay
it's time to redo the servers okay go
you're gonna get the ten to all of the
rabbits okay this world is come to an
end I watched so many concerts when you
told me to
[Music]
that's what you think [ __ ] it's
over our new world is gonna be amazing
okay there's gonna be so many new
friends here and not having to make 20
accounts cuz you guys die all the time
alright I know what your meet up they're
gonna give me a big hug
I don't I wish I wasn't in apartment
right now yeah for real
I got a maid's on be tons its topics
dude I know two different girls in real
life I could not believe the difference
between an Instagram pose and a real
life as is actually unbelievable I have
weather help so it is waved in my entire
life we did it go from like like it went
from like lately flat it was like it
went from like this is something that I
would say is legit like an 8 out of 10
ass to legit Hank Hill oh why don't you
just shut the [ __ ] up dude [ __ ] bald
armor [ __ ] sick [ __ ] my [ __ ] and
suck my [ __ ] dick head and all of the
kill this guy please no matter what you
do bad move yeah you got me all [ __ ]
up now he is just off his game guys
what's going on it's a warrior this is
true weakness revealed if I win this
game we perma ban on me every community
why are liberals such [ __ ] cowards
just admit to being a sociopathic
technocratic slug you [ __ ] freak
[ __ ] creepy [ __ ] flying
around the country using his own son as
a prop to [ __ ] girls half his age LeMay
oh how the [ __ ] can you say capitalism
efficiently allocated resources when it
allows a dwarfish slug like you to get
wealthy off of something is [ __ ]
useless to society is streaming online
[ __ ] Lowell he's great with Nagas
already pissing me off
[ __ ] this to our [ __ ] liberal Ben
Shapiro [ __ ] holy [ __ ] be
careful guys Bruno cappuccino Papageno
hop Chino man
introduction of cappuccino opportunity
no my dear dry nose I'll see you guys
later Pacino stop that's mine
[Music]
