my dudes welcome to episode 7 of the DT
podcast how are you doing today trihex
it has been two long weeks since we've
got to talk to each other
seriously have been two weeks Wow well
I'm doing I'm doing doing good now I
admit I had an admittedly very scuffed
wake up procedure here so I'm sorry
about the sorry about the tardiness
right now but I'm in here man what's up
yeah I'm doing great don't ever listen
if we're ever later whatever don't
mention that [ __ ] cuz people that are
watching from YouTube or whatever other
[ __ ] they don't actually know so welcome
you right you're right it came out on
Wednesday so we're here still [ __ ]
people huh
what um what have you been up to for the
past few weeks we've had Christmas we've
had New Year's what did you do anything
fun or exciting oh yeah dude I um
for Christmas I well I have God children
I don't have any kids obviously I have
some God children and they are all very
smart they're all like in French
Immersion they arranged a for God kids
abigail Maya jr. and Layla and Walt
his name is jr. well okay so you know
I'm in the south so it's my closest
cousin his name is James but we call him
buggy so it's buggy and he named his son
James jr. that's call him jr. for sure
okay guys I got that explain that he's
boogie but it's it's jr. so okay well
yeah they're all smart they're all they
all have straight A's they're all in
French Immersion they all range from
ages 7 to to 13 and this year because
the oldest one Abigail 13 got into
drawing and she draws really really well
now they all want to be like her they
all want to draw so you know whenever uh
uncle Mikey me uh whenever I come
through they always want to like they
always want to hang out I was want to
play with me and stuff like that so the
thing I want to give him this time was
grab him throw them some gifts and be
like yeah here's some cool [ __ ]
have fun game time I knew they wanted to
go to like some kind of art supply store
and pick up a draw pad some and some
charcoals and pencils so we did that and
they all loved reading there
giant leaves because they all found my
my abandoned old anime collections at my
mom's garage look thanks for my mom's
house so now they're all into anime so
they all wanted to go to books-a-million
and and buy a bunch of manga so I did
that with them on the on Christmas oh
really as I saw him on Christmas Day but
on the 26 I took them all there and it
was a so you had you know we had caravan
trihex with all the kids for kids all
running around you know a
books-a-million buying [ __ ] and
everything so does it do them have you
ever thought about having kids it's kind
of a Oh this question here ah dude um I
mean I'm open to it eventually but right
now [ __ ] didn't know dude I I feel like
I only want to consider going for the
big tackle of going into Parenthood
whenever I have like fulfilled the
pursuit of myself I guess like like I
feel like I have not reached on my own
potential mm-hmm so I don't have like
the the the necessary wisdom from
experiences yet to ever want to get into
Parenthood at this time yeah I feel the
same way but sometimes it's thrust upon
us now I totally understand what you're
saying that having kids is a huge [ __ ]
life-changing thing and it obviously you
have to model your whole life around it
afterwards so yeah yeah I am
we don't mean I commend you for I'm sure
that's a it's something that uh uh maybe
I'm like overselling how scary
parenthood could be I'm sure that like
you know you'll adapt you'll you'll
you'll get there obviously a you have
yeah I mean people have been doing it
for millions well not millions but
thousands and thousands of years so you
figure it out officially or your kid is
just a massive [ __ ] and goes on to
murders people with some [ __ ] so I mean
did you um if you do anything fun on
stream for like New Year's or Christmas
do you do like any celebratory kinds of
screams like that or you know what yeah
III admittedly I've been really Benji a
Smash Brothers so I didn't so I've been
climbing on that and I didn't I didn't
do anything extravagant I did something
way cooler last year where I uh but I
feel like now that it's kind of no
longer as meta competitive but I string
on Christmas Day last year something I
didn't do the prior year I believe in
2016 so I did
Jim on Christmas Day starting last year
because I had a lot you know I don't I
realize you know twitch is a big lonely
ecosystem and people are you know
whether they're you know relocated for a
semester or they're there are full-time
students or they relocate for a job so
not everyone's around the family not
everyone can afford to I mean both in
terms of like getting the time off in
the work the work space afforded to be
around their family for the holidays and
so if you're stuck at the house cuz
you're in some distant city because of
some like career grind and you have like
no one to really hang out with
particularly on Christmas Day that could
suck and then you can see everyone else
around you like doing [ __ ] and just like
you know I need a little escapism and I
feel like a twitch stream goes a long
way for a lot of people I've noticed
every time I do it on Christmas Day
people are really appreciative that so
the Christmas Day stream but last year I
gave away I think I gave me like a
little $20 gift card every hour on the
hour or this like did some kind or
something like that
and so I had nothing to unfortunately I
had a lot of family [ __ ] to do this year
for sure so I only did like a revenue
like a big 12 hour she went to like a
little like for our thing and I gave
away a bunch of uh I did a did some gift
subs and I did some gift card stuff I
made it uh made it interactive to wear
like the I would draw a winner in chat
every hour on the hour and they can
choose to either get a $20 gift cards or
whatever they want
you know Amazon Steam PSN etc or you can
choose to give back and you can instead
give away for gift subs to every or
whoever you want chat but I didn't
reveal that if you pick the gift
sub-option I'm gonna give to us up as
well so I just like you know there was
one yeah and one of those movie tests or
whatever yeah so that was cute it was
cute I had a lot of fun with that
it was it bills a big feel good it was a
big field stream well that's good damn
you're such an altruistic guy I just
dream on here because I figured it's
[ __ ] losers have nothing better to do
so I turn my stream on and collect their
donation money the way you put it's a
lot sounds a lot nicer I guess well you
know I feel like I I thought I was like
you know overages no with that idea then
I find out on Christmas Day like
everyone everyone was spamming gifts
herbs like everyone did [ __ ] even like
my
my idea was like tame compared to what
people did I heard there were some
streamers who were doing like legit 100
gift subs every hour obviously no it was
like way way bigger streamers here but
like I was like [ __ ] i I can't keep up
with that but yeah that's crazy so it's
like honestly was kind of like this like
gifting extravaganza on Christmas Day so
if you were like a random twitch lurker
you just go have like 15 shots open and
see what happens every hour on the hour
pretty much mmhmm yeah I mean that's
pretty crazy I'm trying to think of um I
think if I ever did a special have I
ever done like a special holiday event
guys do you know we've had like nine
years worth of Christmas and New Year
streams I think I normally just stream I
don't think I actually do anything
special at all
I feel really bad now do you um I've
done birthdays - OH
do you um do you do like give away stuff
often I'm curious if you have like an
idea about that mmm like giveaways on
the stream yeah like um was it xqc I
think and trainwrecks got into a photo
my stream was because they were arguing
about the I think the ethics of doing
like giveaways or whatever on stream I
don't I don't see what the problem there
would be a giveaway on stream to me
sounds really like neutral at most
offensive mm-hm I guess the argument
comes into play for me is whenever you
say okay I'm gonna make it like sub only
give away or like super sub preferred
again away mm-hmm not even I'm not
really against those either but that's
the thing when I see people get a hell
yeah that's what I do when I do my
giveaways you better believe that [ __ ]
yeah yeah like what yeah it's called you
know what I'm doing I'm trying to get a
ROI here yeah turn on investment so yeah
I'm trying to guys make it make
subscribing the thing that supports my
platform incentivizing a little bit here
you should be careful though just to
give you my my legal disclaimer in a lot
of states or in a lot of places around
the world giving preferential treatment
to some people during giveaways is
considered a lottery so be careful yeah
yeah I'm aware there's a couple of
states that are actually yeah I learned
about this in like 2014 also go into a
little bit but yeah it's like I
personally do it though I all my
giveaways have always been like super
public
uh subsc action points in there but I
mean that's like hardly uh I guess I
statically sub self-referential but I
would never do like a sub only giveaway
mm-hmm
alright I have it in a bit of a so far
okay so introductions that was uh we
kind of branched off there but we're
gonna go right into the the first meme
speaking of New Year's Eve events and
holiday events we have a ninja's event I
don't think I've heard we formally did
we discuss here the idea that ninja was
had ads ran on his behalf
kind of by I think Red Bull paid for it
on Twitch to kind of advertise this new
year stream no we haven't talked about
this at all on the podcast but week but
we can't now though CSR's there's two
components here right there's first
there's the the controversy controversy
clinical year of the of the idea of
pre-roll ads on twitches website
directly promoting another stream
channel not any vent not even a
corporation's a channel that would be
like Riot Games or Red Bull eSports but
no literally going to another channel
within within twitch itself mm-hmm
I guess supposedly it's unforeseen so
there's controversy about that and
there's also the separate thing about
the literal ninja New Year's Eve
countdown even itself in uh in Times
Square in New York City apparently he
peaked at two hundred and sixty two
thousand viewers for this event so I'd
say it was probably pretty successful
Wow
yeah so um so you want you want to break
it down first so the the first thing was
that yeah there was an ad that uh you
you could see it on ninjas Twitter it's
just an ad like promoting that like it's
going to be on ninjas channel it's the
it's the countdown will feature the ball
drop it's gonna have him playing 49
Times Square on this on this huge cute
ninja float and it's being and it was a
BB was produced by Red Bull his on his
stream right yeah on his stream but but
it's yeah it was but it was but the the
whole the entire event is being
sponsored and produced by Red Bull
because ninjas a Red Bull athlete
eSports athlete yeah
um and that there was some backlash here
actually there was a I saw some some
Twitter ramblings that reach some
traction here I think I think it reached
about uh I could be wrong here was at
one point six about 1.6 K or 4k likes
about um about some disapproval for
having um for having a you know I guess
direct promotion of another stream aka
competitions you within the twitch
platform and it seemed a distasteful at
minimum weight ninja tweeted the sir oh
yeah oh you want the tweet yeah yeah
yeah yeah throw it up on the gap you
wanna if you want the uh put this court
weight link it in my dgg chat because I
can't mess with this card cuz it'll mess
them overlays oh yeah yeah sure okay
well we'll watch it we'll go ahead and
throw it on the move watch it okay let's
watch it there okay I'm starting it in
three two one go
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right yeah so see ya there was a
birth there was some backlash over the
fact that an ad for for another streamer
directly on your own stream was seven
people the the argument for one
understood was that it was distasteful
and that you're giving said viewers who
are coming to your stream direct a call
to action to watch someone else I think
the gist on on what you just said I
think the two big things were one is the
idea that people engage with streams and
like very unique ways like if you watch
a stream you can't watch multiple
streams whereas like for YouTube like if
I promote another youtuber you can watch
all of our [ __ ] because it's just a
video right but for live streams you
typically are fighting for a viewer
attention right there's like a big
opportunity cost if you lose a viewer to
someone else you can actually lose a
viewer it doesn't really work that way
with YouTube right like you don't lose
some scribers to other people but in
live streaming you can lose viewers to
people which was scary that was the
first big thing that was sort of pretty
strong arm and then the second one was
the idea of having someone on the same
platform as you that is directly
competing for viewers against you
advertising on your channel feels kind
of [ __ ] too I think I was talking to I
was in the other side of this but then I
think pocket bread this argument up on
the on trainwrecks his podcast and the
analogy that I kind of drew after
listening to her argument was like if
you were in a food court in a mall
having somebody go outside and advertise
their restaurant it's totally fine but
having somebody advertising to the
customers that are standing in line at
your food place for their food place
feels kind of [ __ ] you know
mmm it was actually a really strong
analogy actually ya know it's funny
there is a I guess it's all about how
house is being framed right because the
the counterpoint that would be gootecks
the face of pogchamp who was on the same
podcast had said that his analogy was
that it's not it's not Burger King
employees running to McDonald's and
saying you know [ __ ] these burgers try
it try a whopper [ __ ] instead what it
that's what the the backlash perceives
it as but in actuality what he thinks in
this is more like
it's more like you're you're getting
chicken nuggets at McDonald's and
there's a giant it's a person billboard
asking you you know to try to make
chicken instead it's all within the
twitch ecosystem it's all meant to build
up the entirety of twitch itself oh yeah
so the reason I don't like that argument
I guess upon further reflection is I
like this is where I go back to the food
court analogy if you want to advertise
externally to build up the twitch
community that's fine you'll bring in
more people from the outside but when
you're art when you're doing
advertisement endemic to twitch you're
really just advertising to other twitch
viewers right like if you're running an
ad on YouTube or you're running an ad on
Twitter or something you have a
possibility of pulling in non-endemic
viewers just I'm using the spread pose
so endemic is like somebody that is
within like a system so for instance we
might say that um that that that
SteelSeries would be considered an
endemic sponsor T to eSports because you
use headphones and it's part of the I
guess ecosystem but you would say like
Coca Cola's and non-endemic spots right
and and an endemic viewer would be like
if I run an ad on Twitch these are
people that are already in the ecosystem
whereas if I run an ad on you know like
a TV show like the Desperate Housewives
either be non-endemic viewers but um the
yeah the the idea of like advertising
just to other twitch streams like these
are people that are already on the
twitch platform I don't think you're
building the platform up at all you're
just basically trying to advertise to
kind of you know some viewers from I
think another extreme is how it feels I
totally could I totally get that feeling
yeah and you know I I I do agree with
that I do agree with that the the fact
that ad was playing on other twitch
channels could be considered distasteful
yeah um but I do think that the ambition
of having of trying to pull in I see the
things I don't know what if twitch did
like advertising like massively external
outside of like twitch like like would
you like alright my where DS as played
on say like I'm trying to give an
example where we actually play around
I'm like on YouTube I guess because from
what I am what I would perceive of
having a New York Eve New Year's Eve
event um is that all of the non twitch
viewers all like the regular broadcast
television viewers they're all looking
for something to put on during their New
Year's Eve party right those you're
running at your own house IRL and from
what I can get it's usually the CNN or
or some kind of like news broadcast or
like our CBS or NBC live televised
coverage of the Times Square ball drop
mm-hmm and there's nothing out there for
I guess the the the I know the younger
crowd this is very much like I think
like more like a Generation X think like
want to watch the ball drop I don't
think young people are really doing that
anymore so here's like you know someone
a little more relatable doing something
that you probably are more into ninja
playing for tonight
ninja being out here and being the
character my person he is and trying to
like build that pie better here like you
know because I don't make any 135 is it
really anyone under 30 is watching the
ball drop as their activity of choice on
on New Year's equal into New Year's so I
understood it is like that yeah we're
trying to build that up in its entirety
oh you okay sorry about that
that's fine you don't do any of the so
actually I don't know if I cause I'm so
out of touch anything do people not like
watch the ball drop anymore anything
that's not like a thing where everybody
gathers around the TV and [ __ ]
yeah that's the problem is I don't I
don't know I mean you were so far
removed from like typical I always
determine here it's like just like
regular people you know are both
extraordinary people cause we both dream
like I mean obviously even the twitch
kool-aid so I have no clue what what
bright people do I would just suspect
that in the in the general entirety of
broadcast television consumption that no
one under 30 is watching TV you know my
Tia barking - yeah like if you go to
like a bar or whatever I'm sure they
have that [ __ ] like playing on the TV
and whatnot yeah just because like I'm
you know just how unaffordable and
uncompetitive like cable is to like a
Millennials perspective like [ __ ]
gonna pay do it well I thought cable was
like kind of affordable and then I moved
out in 2011 I'm sorry
and it took right now but like dude
cable is like 65 bucks starting like
it's like just to keep up with the
competitive meta of like having
on-demand anything on the internet just
to have like a DVR basic cable and
because we're getting K by some you want
local stations as well here if you're
like watching Spore
you know in general right 65 bucks a
month is what I generally see which is
ridiculous and that's like that's also
being tethered to some kind of like
one-year contract on some kind of
contract promotional pricing yeah I was
actually super silly I'm kind of curious
I don't know if it's still the same I
haven't had TV and literally I think
like Tiff's know probably 12 years since
I as soon as I moved out of my grandma's
I never I never I just never actually
got a TV do um do they still do the
thing we're like if you want like one of
the channels you have to like buy like a
million channels you know we're talking
about so like there might be like SPN or
some [ __ ] you want but in order to buy
you have to get the package that is like
5 million junk channels in it to go all
the way up to 500 or some [ __ ] correct
that is exactly what they do they have
they have forced bundles that give you a
lot of filler [ __ ] to give you an
increased perceived value of the package
but in reality so if it really if your
kids like Nickelodeon cartoon network
and you like ESPN but you also want I
don't know the obscure games that come
from like out of out of network
broadcast that I would be on like Fox
Sports Net yeah you're gonna need like
the [ __ ] hundred and thirty dollar
package of my cousin because they know
those four channels at one time would
require some extravagant 200 channel
package or or something like that
gotcha okay it's it's it's it's really
lacking in modern modern competitive
vibes here and I could be due to a
couple of things if you like derail for
a second here well first before I get to
that we just also elaborate that there
since this claim I made about wanting to
ever get into getting uh paying for
cable back in like 2011 there has been
new options up now you have a you have a
DirecTV I'm sorry uncle right now
there's DirecTV go there's a youtube TV
there are there are now streaming
televised packages available for as low
as 30 a month from what I saw
still not anything I would get into but
you know if you if you wanna if you
wanted that you could do that uh-huh I
have heard at YouTube TVs actually
pretty good um dude I just real quick I
just had the sickest [ __ ] idea in the
world holy [ __ ] why are there [ __ ]
subscriber bundles that should be part
of the thing that like if you make a
team on Twitch you should able to
discount that show imagine if you could
like make a team
five people and if you pay 15 a month
you like automatically subscribe to all
five of them and get all their emotes a
summer show and the twitch figures out a
way to Divya like everybody would have
to agree to go in and you get a smaller
cut but I wonder how many like group
subs you could incentive eyes like that
that would be sick as [ __ ] mmm the
problem there is the pie the pie you'd
have to convince Amazon overlords that
the you're gonna get more people who
would who weren't gonna subscribe
otherwise mmm-hmm right and that's kind
of the the issue you're not wrong though
the idea is super cool but I'm thinking
like on Amazon POV like how does it make
money and are you really gonna convince
I guess the idea would be that hopefully
you can just bring more people in to
subscribe I guess I do think I don't
make it would bring in more people I
think it would make already existing
power users want to just like put their
wallet further and further into the into
the lucrative glory hole that would be
the name which subscription ecosystem
the thing that I worry about actually
wouldn't when I think about it a little
more inside of this idea I think I'd
like this to someone in chat it sounded
really good they actually the scary
thing is I think that would actually
compete with the twitch turbo product or
so that's probably why they wouldn't do
it because the idea would be if you
group something like five or six people
you watch all the time then you never
have to buy twitch turbo which is
probably something they wouldn't want so
well now at you going into that here I
mean let's just okay so would it compete
with it yes but let's just pause here is
twitch turbo actually a really
compelling part in the first place like
I get that they have to meet some kind
of like ad revenue goal which probably
we're gonna get to this topic here live
later on commune review but is twitch
turbo really a compelling product here
legal adblock is that alone really
compelling for anyone that paid ten
bucks a month for four you said legal
adblock yeah it said not which which
turbo is at this point
oh I understand you're saying is it not
worth it for people to pay ten are you
asking like does anybody do it or yeah I
guess so yeah and mass I don't like I
get people who do because it's like it's
like ads on mobile or annoying as [ __ ]
but uh are like I don't know is it like
it's it's creating a net negative
negative like the experience I guess
because prior people are conditioned to
from having a twitch prime twitch prime
included
um included the you know no ads
universally globally on the website yeah
that kind of sucks and so now they had
to like reintroduce a negative condition
without any without any perceived
positive conditions to compensate for
the existence of twitch turbo because it
seemed redundant at this point mm-hmm
and so my thing here is like okay so the
comparative product right so
comparatively on YouTube red YouTube's
bread you get the I guess the idea here
of a little adblock plus exclusive
content which I don't care about but
sure whatever there's that and if you
can um you also get you get like you get
the ability to minimize the YouTube app
and play it on your phone I actually
have YouTube red I pay for it now yeah I
guess I could also be the scribes a net
negative 2 because the YouTube the
YouTube app not playing in the
background is a pretty a pretty
frustrating thing and there's nothing
holding that down other than the
arbitrary arbitrary uh ability to not
play in background but they just have it
up behind the paywall yes I could be
right yeah I guess that's kind of like
and you know a ton of people are ringing
in chat because they're all gonna say
you can download other apps to do it and
I know you can but I've [ __ ] I wish I
could remember the names maybe they've
gotten better but third-party YouTube
apps are just real [ __ ] they usually
look and handled poorly they look [ __ ]
they have like reliability problem
sometimes a crash like I don't know I
just I had really bad experiences
because I did on a long time ago I did
use some of those third-party apps so
that I could minimize money to been
playing in the background but um yeah I
don't know I just have really bad
experiences with it with the third-party
YouTube apps on at least on Android like
it really sucks [ __ ] no I agree with you
there I used to have a pacer on
jailbroken iOS since iOS 4 and the
biggest thing always thought about it
was having downloadable downloadable
YouTube videos and um and background
playback and now they both they off of
that directly about any of the jailbreak
[ __ ] now so mm-hmm
um I'm happy with it yeah so I hear you
though but I guess my thing is that yeah
you know like you fir you know if I'm
paying extra for like a premium youtube
experience I'm getting other [ __ ] with
it yeah
twitch turbo seems very bare-bones like
you get no ads I actually I don't even
know what um what what does twitch ever
actually catch you besides no ads no ads
custom an expansion of nickname colors
which is like
and you get like you get twitch turbo
specific global emotes smiley face heart
frowny face that's really it's it's bits
it's literally a product that has not
had any change since like 2011-2012 dude
it is it is got cotton webs and and like
I don't know like rectum cancer at this
point it is so old dude it's in a wheel
chair covered in dust in the Attic ready
to fall over and die at any point mm-hmm
oh yeah the UM all the drops and
everything given that's all twitch Prime
[ __ ] right like weather give the game
drops and stuff don't they do that I
never checking in a shake because it's
usually yeah yeah crack that that's
prime yeah the the prime loot that you
get um there are certain games most of
them indie games you get per month you
know you saw that for and I had a lot of
like Lou ten per month whenever Fortney
was that was thriving at its peak
earlier in 2018 yeah that's all twitch
prime stuff at which point you know
you're able to use your twitch prime on
your favorite streamer and then the said
streamer most streamers will have you
know the the sub immunity to add so if
you're subscribed to that person you
won't get ads so okay well there's that
that's like they're they're like
perceived reaction to the to the adblock
or to the ad negation being removed okay
but yeah I don't I don't think I think
right now like turbo is not really a
compelling product they need to like
really expand the PI on that yeah yeah
it seems like it um train just gifted 50
subs I don't really call these on the
podcast but thanks I mean that was a
pretty big so thanks a lot my dude I
appreciate it okay yeah so I guess
wrapping up I mean you used to I guess
to wrap it up on a lighter note you saw
the the floss meme right yeah yeah yeah
you wanted this for me this probably
describe it we're on a video podcast we
need a [ __ ] video I should have had
this brought up already [ __ ] talk about
it real quick
wait but don't describe it too much
don't spoil it I gotta find something it
was a it was rainy and very very cold in
Times Square in New York and during
and you know it was getting you know an
engine was doing this little thing
trying to be charismatic his wife on
stage and there's like you know there's
a crowd he said he's gonna float in the
middle of Times Square so he has like an
audience audience watching in the in the
Time Square all right action we got it
we got it we got him hit it hit it I
liked it in chat too so you can watch
along if you want okay okay got it
three two
[Music]
ba-baby you guys know it come on man I
want to see the crowd get it going you
got it you've been working on the
hitting my wife
[Music]
I mean dude it wasn't like it was like
it was there was no one mmm there I
think there was um hold on I'm gonna
challenge that you are fake news cuz I
think I saw one person hold on not the
specific I love the ending crowd shot oh
never mind it's just a kid waving their
hands back and forth I thought it was
great guys innit yeah I'm talking about
like the vinyl like no five seconds no
there's not even one person they're all
looking anyway yeah I feel like they're
like normally like a main camera guy
that like reviews shots before they cut
to a camera like why would you cut to it
seeing that the audience is so dead I
feel like I've seen this happen a few
times it'll be like it raves whatever to
sometimes where the audience is just
totally [ __ ] not into it at all and
then like they pan to the camera and
like the DJ's like going up a type of
the crowd is like standing there and
it's like okay yeah it's just some
producer about to get about to get fired
or something like that cuz I yeah it's
that guy super meme that got super
called out and that was entirely
preventable if you just don't cut to the
audience you're not you're not wrong
beer but maybe the cameraman is a secret
ninja hater yeah so I wanted to uh
actually come with us we're here because
the premieres I don't have the the
comprehensive context of whether or not
of whether or not these are like you
know why did this go sour what what's
disconnect here and I wanted a bring a
little bit insight into this first one
is that uh well I I learned on my stream
recently here that how how attendees who
are in Times Square New York you
actually have to be there super advanced
uh it gets barricaded off like hours
before any progress is happening so it's
not it's not uncommon for those that are
coming they're like you want to be there
like minimum twelve hours early in Times
Square New York for the barricades get
in there and then you're locked in until
the ball drop happens like straight up
here so there are instances of from what
I've heard here that people wear like
adult diapers and kids just go like
peeing the street and [ __ ] because
they're stuck there and because I went
to the ball drop in twelve hours or
however long it's gonna be okay so I
might my my theory
is that you had you have people who know
travel from across the world to come to
the iconic Times Square ball drop ball
[Laughter]
the iconic tide be appropriate for an
audience of Port night fans though huh
I'm sorry
okay keep gun all right yeah so that
they come for the ball the ball drop and
they and they don't and then those gonna
be there like you know people may
there's gonna come and you know whether
it's gonna be Beyonce one year maroon 5
another year or some artist performing
or something cool happening something
cool is gonna happen there and you're
trying to secure your spot for that pool
thing that happens in addition to and
leading up to the ball drop itself and
so I don't think there was that many
ninja fans who just like we're like
eager to get in there like that and go
and go for that die hard of a bunch of
them die hard of a fandom to be there
for such like a an internationally known
event mm-hmm so I think it's kind of why
you had a you had what I would assume
was not necessarily ninja fans
explicitly there for it and that's why
the the the floss thing kind of fell
because no one knew what the hell it was
cuz I think people may have heard of
fork knife but they don't know like
anything about for tonight itself yeah
so I think it was a kind of like a
culture clash where you had a where you
had a you had twitch culture um or even
like in general here like mainstream
gaming culture overlapping into what
would be like traditional I wants to
ignore me culture I don't I don't really
call here whatever you wanted to dub the
same principle behind the behind like
whenever you see broadcasting eSports on
like [ __ ] like ESPN like maybe remember
that time where you had heroes of the
storm on oh [ __ ] mad holy [ __ ] sports
even though you know bowling archery
well to be fair as somebody with a
little bit of because I was to follow
the poker scene a lot even when things
aren't espn2 people get real mad when
it's not traditional because I remember
when like I'm making the date so I think
it was it around 2007 when poker first
started to appear on ESPN
- or maybe it had been or maybe this is
just a big event but when it started -
when it started to appear there people
were getting real [ __ ] mad - like
pokers not a sport why the [ __ ] is a
[ __ ] on ESPN well the like people were
real [ __ ] mad it might have been
earlier than that when when the WFP
started appearing on ESPN but that was
when I remembered like people getting
like real [ __ ] ass pain about it so I
am really actually okay so I learned and
they're actually didn't know that mhm it
doesn't surprise me though I figured I'd
just like bend over and take it I
thought what's the more like cuz it was
like it was gaming that I got bill and
knives from the oh no any any
non-traditional sports okay like really
especially things are like super
athletic
yeah that's not athletic it's
automatically not a not a real sport mhm
but then we go back here to the to the
acronym right like there's not is ESPN
not stand for entertainment and sports
programming network yep is the e not for
entertainment like that's another
podcast we could do a whole episode on
eSports and an entertainment and how
that all those definitions work but um
okay I'm only rational because we spent
40 minutes talking about the New York or
the time flies all right so um what's
the next thing you got for us then um
kind of our media this is kind of like
our meaty topic for the day the 2018
review for twitch I know that you would
list it out a ton of like gonna the
changes at which are done over-the-air
all in all what it would secure so very
broadly do you feel like twitch did
better this year than they had in
previous years or what what do you think
they did something they did stuff I like
the ambition of them actually doing
stuff execution it seems a little seems
a little a little to be desired I would
say um so I'll give it that I give it
like a better than last year certainly
but excited to see more refinement
coming in the future and that that would
be it I can get into like how I why but
uh I'm happy to add the probably big
stinger seems IRL get abolished i I do
think that was like a very very broken
that's a far the biggest thing there it
that comes to mind abolishing IRL not
even because of what was going on there
just on like a on logistics and funk
in Louisville IRL encompassed way too
many things and became kind of dislike
to me it felt like it was
chatroulette but for twitch like you go
there to roll your dice to see what
you're gonna get you know what you gonna
get because there's like so many things
and then that one giant [ __ ] of a
directory then it made it like too
powerful and made the idea of obeying
any other directory because of why you
hide everything up should be too much
with what you're saying because I'm
about to just say didn't just chat and
kind of replace all of this well that's
why I said like I like the ambition
actually did something
I don't agree the execution of it that's
why I was then that's why I'm saying
that right there just checking right now
just chatting seems to pretty much
replace IRL I mean it's 103 thousand
viewers right now I don't know why the
[ __ ] xqc is listed under here
Oh in Pokemon okay yeah I don't even
know what all of these are but yeah it
seems like Jeff I guess we I guess we
siphoned off some of the we're not
siphoned off but skimmed off some of
like the like the ASMR streams got
pretty much moved out but um yeah it
seems like for the most part just
chatting seems to a pretty really pretty
much replaced the IRL category yeah well
so that's it I don't agree of execution
of it but at least they tried to do
something which I feel like I haven't
seen like in 2017 remember I'm trying
remember now like what I was frustrated
about and I thought they didn't even
like do should then of whatever come was
added 2017 they didn't do anything about
them and the least in 2010 actually like
try to do something and it didn't all
Tinley fix much but it was effort
applied at least yeah sure I agree and I
I agree the general tickets while I
think that it seems like they're at
least from a public facing view it seems
like twitch who's doing stuff this year
it felt like they were more active this
year externally than they were in 2017
or last year that yeah I 17 yeah so do
you wanna do you want to go into for tab
what uh the things that uh you know me
like list off things that happened and
then I can uh you can tell me we can
talk further about them yeah I'm looking
at the list you sent yeah okay so let's
see here we had tagging introduced which
we did briefly talk on actually on our
on our amateur episode zero podcast we
did mister Mouton
um where we kind of all agreed that like
tags our tags are the first step towards
getting metadata attached to what people
are watching right for the possibility
of a executing algorithm and smarter
recommendations so there's better
discoverability best cross channel cross
mission and all that yeah I'll
battleship initially when these came out
I think I think they were pretty much
ubiquitous li yeah everybody did it
everybody [ __ ] on these for being like
really really piss-poor initially but uh
I'm not gonna lie the thing that sucks
is that like all of this stuff is um
it's very hard because so many other
people do it it's hard from from a user
to be like oh wow that's really
impressive but but I guess somebody that
understands at least a little bit more
about this than maybe a totally casual
user I think that where they've come
with the tagging stuff is actually very
impressive it seems like a small thing
but like when I visit twitch now you
know it's able to automatically populate
a list of channels that I might like of
people that don't follow and I see like
pretty relevant channels to my interest
I see X key see soda pop and Esmond gold
der herder which is an old guy I used to
play Eve with a long time ago I can't
even believe he suggested that's crazy
um I think they've actually come I'm
actually really impressed this fact this
was like an ad now I'm actually really
impressed with that showed up there yeah
and then I see like under categories you
might like you know I see relevant games
or whatnot this is actually a really big
improvement for how twitch used to be
which is just listing things by viewers
so I mean I think they've they obviously
they still have kinks and whatnot to
work out but they've come really far on
this this is actually really really
impressive compared to how everything
used to be listed so yeah no I agree
with that
I'm excited to see uh where things go
from here mm-hm I really want to see
them push further I'll see this later on
here but push further on on the clips
man the the cuz for me still right now
clipping is still the biggest thing at
least the discoverability on Twitch of
like new channels and streams so I'm
excited to see if like um I guess like
with this tap with tag and play a role
in - like how clips are discovered do
you think I'm not sure clips tickets
clip discovery still doesn't seem like
something that twitch I don't
no way you browse for clips click browse
I don't can you even do that on this
website I don't know like a good
question so the answer so whether the
answer is yes or no it doesn't matter
because they failed at doing this if we
don't know wait where it is but um yeah
it's not quite a yeah there's no there's
no library it was really just like um
the other thing two years okay so
there's other thing too right
like I'll look I'll watch the clip and
then I'll see in my rectum the similar
clip recommendations and the bottom here
other ones that are like just like kind
of like viral for the week and I click
there's like a desire to see like what
is the top viewed clips globally for the
week for the month for the day and
there's no like general library of that
on Twitch
which is actually um our Saigon which is
what and I feel like I've like I would
use that more because like right now
like the thing I'm supposed to do is I'm
posed to go like to the clips tab of any
given streamers page but that feels so
like miniscule in terms of like getting
an idea like I'd rather look at it I if
I if I find a stream or that's fine
interesting right and I want to know
more about them because like I I saw
them on I don't even know like trains
pockets or something like that
mm-hm I'll go to their page and I'm not
going to the clip section to learn more
about who they are so photos are all
like you know super they're literally
like they're they're meant they are clip
specifically to be out of context right
for like right I don't know I think
clips can give like a general Oh
actually that's a real oh this is some
great content let's find out here we go
here we go right let's see let's see if
our uh let's see if Triax clips give us
a general
so let's find out over the past thirty
days already top clips whoa dude the
arrogance of hot [ __ ] this is not
rehearses on the flop cry mom roasts
Tyler one all right there we go 25
seconds we're playing it Tyler is a
[ __ ] oh [ __ ] I had a gif to the sub -
Tyler is a [ __ ]
families need it I think there's a
number after Tyler Tiger one is amid you
okay so we've got some we've got some
trihex mom clips a couple of that Triax
finds a pic of Tonka oh that's probably
going over one of my debate things taco
saw try eggs talks to roommate tracks
once okay I don't think this is so it
seems like my takeaway would be that you
have like generally a kind of wholesome
stream of your mom is here I'm guessing
that's your girlfriend in the background
right yeah okay correct yeah okay yeah
yeah I don't know let's find I wonder
what my top clips I let me see destiny
oh no no clips playing dumb I wonder
what my stop talking sigh let me make
myself stop talking okay let's see past
30 days oh we've got the 12 year old
hides nudie streamer from mom we've got
living on the edge pogchamp llol for
dead and then hot take Greek things I
don't know I feel like I felt like the
top Clips over like the past month can
uh can give can give like an okay view
III sometimes you get like the out of
context memes but I think you get like
kind of a quick like as quick as you can
like in 30 seconds right okay well just
to finish to what I was gonna say about
that I am I I tend to not go to cliffs I
I prefer going to the last broadcast and
skimming through that's usually what I
uh or like the firt letter the last like
whatever a guy I'll figure out what you
string the most often and I look look
for on your bread and but your last
bread and butter stream and then I I
skim through that good idea of who you
are chair I guess the only thing that
worries me about going through the lot
the past broadcast is like especially
for me at my pew really [ __ ] boring
stream you know it happens yeah well me
III against it's all like I don't make
like a hard judge on and I just take it
all the grain of salt to get idea of who
that person may be mm-hmm
[Music]
yeah I mean maybe okay maybe it's more
less about like whether whatever I
typically do and what and what you would
do with the clips and more about like is
there is there a function lacking here
on Twitch where you get a
idea of who a broadcaster is like would
be better like sure to be like a landing
page trailer but yeah actually I think
the way that YouTube does it is actually
really good
I don't want hey my name is so bad I
need to do this will be something I do
now that I'm here and I'll record a new
one but like this idea of like when you
come to a YouTube page the fact that you
can see like playlists kind of organized
or like key uploads and then you have
like kind of this central video that is
supposed to describe where the streamer
is right yeah and give you an idea of
that I think that that's a really good
way of doing things twitch could
probably benefit from something like
that I think yeah I agree with that
yeah the one thing I really don't like
this is maybe people flip they're
willing i actually really it really
triggers me when i go to somebody's
stream and they're hosting somebody and
I feel like I have to fight to like see
their [ __ ] or maybe I'm just dumb no no
I actually once I was gonna to lose a
the same thing uh-huh
I go to someone stream and there's
either two things right you're hosting
someone who I didn't come here to see in
the first place or um you have a giant
big ass I'm offline [ __ ] off
sign and it's like it feels like good it
feels like you're at a bar that just
closed like you walk in and some gotta
lock the front door because they're
already closed and the janitor is
already sweeping the floor just like
[ __ ] dude I can't get a drink I can't
get anything something here just
inviting sterile cold and depressing so
yeah I do agree dude I both things to me
are a little bit frustrating dance
o'sullivan fix this top banner [ __ ] I
can't like I'm on your thing right now
and I can't like scroll down properly
it's really triggering the [ __ ] out of
me but I do my page is super outdated
like I need to overhaul that honestly
I've been meaning to like do a Photoshop
stream for like over a year now so it's
bad it's bad okay click on his own oh
that's ain't your holy [ __ ] okay yeah
yeah I feel like um like the host BAM
it's like it's okay I like whenever I'm
making like a conscious effort to like
have to like watch something else I wish
it was like a different function for
that like like auto host Bamber cies
like deliberate host I feel should be
like a two different functions that seem
like much more obvious
you're doing one or the other yeah if
I'm just thought of hosting destiny I'm
not I'm not in my own chat or if I'm
Auto stting like I don't know whatever
like am Union ammunation um I might not
be uh I might not be particularly in my
chat at times I'm like at the gym or
whatever so that should be like a
different function than whenever I'm
deliberately hosting destiny while we're
doing the podcast here and I'm looking
at my chat alongside your chat and I'm
in my own chat doing my thing I feel
like that should be like a good active
host I should be differentiated much
further or something like that so yeah I
do think that the landing page should be
to delegate remodel that's probably in
progress already
and the some kind of like yeah a better
a stronger sense of the impression of
who we are as a streamer for anyone
who's new tuning in here I think would
be a would be better - yeah for sure
I agree I'm sure hopefully it'll be in
the works I think in general one thing
going back to the clips and I actually
I'm right that's a whole other thing
yeah I think it I think in general like
having a way to like to view clips and
then kind of get to the channel whatever
is is pretty important and it seems like
that's one I think that I kind of
complained if I don't know how to
reasonably dress about the inability to
like monetize clips or sometimes get a
lot out of viral clips feels pretty
shitty sometimes so like for instance
like looking at my like looking at my
page you know I'll see I have a clip
with like one went really viral I got a
half million views on it and if that was
a YouTube video that would have probably
been worth a thousand dollars in terms
of had revenue but I was a Twitter clip
it's worth literally nothing I actually
hadn't looked at the the viewer numbers
and a lot of these clips like there's
like thousands of dollars worth of ads
that are sitting that aren't ever being
seen on this page because of the way
that clips work we're just kind of
depressing but you know you know I've
never given that thought at all Wow at
all is there is there like I wouldn't
knows I'm I'm on I'm on grandfather
twitch Prime but is there uh is there
free rolls on clips nope or no I don't
think it's too short
I don't think pre-rolls would be
appropriate I think it'd be I don't want
to watch a pre-roll to watch like a
30-second clip but having like you know
how on YouTube you get like the little
sometimes little text ads on the bottom
like the X set up I think something like
that would be like really really good
yeah mm I agree effect do you ever this
is kind of kind of related kind of not
related you I really like the hosting
meta where like people host each other
at the end of the night and really like
you have some active years but what
you're really doing is you're passing
around like all of the afk sleeping
people do you know what I'm talking yes
yeah super meta yeah definitely like I
might get a big host we're like reckful
and like train wrecks or HOF or whatever
like I know that like I might be
carrying like a lot of yours but I'm
like 3000 of those people like afk are
sleeping and it's like okay that's like
super sick and I know I can like pet
when I host them at the end of meta I'm
like passing on like the sleeping or
like afk computers is kind of funny yeah
it's pretty strong if you can do if you
can do graveyard if you can like survive
the Australia slump and you can get into
like early EU yeah I used to get like a
free a free view of boost the entire
time as long as you can go into the EU
hours I've noticed yeah so okay so that
was tags and that was a little bit about
clipping and discovery as well we
already kind of talked about abolishing
IRL the next one here in the twitch
review would be twitch prime getting
nerfed and having a dramatic asian
removed while simultaneously allowing
allowing streamers to opt their
subscribers out of seeing ads so that
was probably the big the big negative
one here which in its entirety was
because the Amazon overlords told the
the entire twitch department that they
needed to double their ad sales for
fiscal 2018 if I recall correctly and
the threat to happen I don't know what
criteria determine they needed like
double their at their ad sales or
something like that but you know at face
value in terms of economics I could I
could see where you know you have a you
prime is a great value
everyone gets twitch prime they get
Amazon Prime whether on an annual
subscription or monthly and if you're at
which power user if you're watching
twitch even more than like I think ten
hours a week you're definitely gonna
want to get a twitch Prime and your
interest you if your own if Amazon Prime
crossover because it just boosts the
value of the prime ecosystem in its
entirety at which point yeah everyone's
not gonna
[ __ ] ads and ads ads suck but the
penetration of prime was so strong that
it kind of made the ad viewership
diminished to I don't know nothing I
don't know the numbers I don't know how
many how many uh we have the numbers
actually how many twitch users had
twitch prime do we know that answer we
have a Yukon number at all there's no
way that's public wait I know the only
thing we know is that the there's over a
hunt there's over a hundred million
Amazon Prime yeah so let me uh I'm just
gonna I'm gonna out this article right
quick okay and this is a deck sad
excerpt or article so these people like
they do a lot of like spam articles but
it's sourcing someone else so I don't
know
Amazon reveal that they may potentially
have a massive amount of twitch Prime
uses worldwide after years of secrecy
it's one of the most recognized
companies throughout the world
Amazon continues to expand our
percentage of primal is used to receive
free to two shipments predation mean the
premise about how much more okay
although it's been unearthed for years
the industry giant revealed in a memo
that they have surpassed over 100
million users since 2005 with
subscriptions running ninety nine
dollars a year this is for Amazon Prime
though yeah yeah yeah so we don't know
that the UH you know the twitch prime
crossover which is fine is to still gets
to my uh my core point here that uh yeah
switch Prime was too powerful made ads
kind of redundant kind of hard to sell
ads to other potential advertising
partners because he's like yeah well you
know let's just say it's hat let's say
it's like even a third right a third of
the entire active basis prime users and
like I see your ad your ads yeah not to
mention I wonder these are probably like
people that you would really want to
write because if you've got twitch if
you've got Amazon Prime you're probably
more likely to buy things online you're
probably more likely to get things
shipped like these are like the exact
people that you would want to be yeah
they have they they've already committed
to like getting Prime they probably and
most I imagine those prime users are
also subbing to least one other streamer
a st. Louis with me you know whatever
half of them points they have they have
they have wallets ready and the people
who are watching the ads do you usually
don't have any kind of like ad features
or or I'm sorry any kind of um so we're
here any kind of any any monetary uh
access to get around the make a kids
they're the ones stuck watching all the
ads and I think they're the ones that
are like the least
desired a fanbase to look into or a
demographic to look into true so yeah so
what happened to or about six months ago
if I recall correctly or like or like
back in August was yeah prime had its
ability to negate ads removed entirely
you still keep your your prime loot
features your your prime games you get
monthly if those all are important to
you um you still have your Prime badge
and your your prime emotes but you don't
the ad the ad negation has been moved in
its entirety and that pissed off a lot
of people the backlash was a lot less
bad than I was expecting that people
forget about it pretty quickly I think
every now and then you'll hear like a
murmur but I think for the most part
people kind of moved on really I thought
that Jack Ryan means we're like non-stop
like everyone was like I'm I remember
that being like a big thing for like
yeah I don't know if the Jack Ryan memes
had in as my sure they haven't on prime
showed versus just that ad just happened
to be really [ __ ] obnoxious and like
played seven million times in a row but
hopefully the advertising experience
gets better on yeah certainly yeah yeah
started popping up right here
we had gifts of debuting that got
announced at twitchcon last year
twitchcon I'm sorry twitchcon 17 and it
came out and in 18 and that kind of
changed the game right that made like uh
I don't actually was positive what did
that change for you the I know that's
like a probably the person asked ideally
here but have to duh did give something
really changed the meta for your own
streaming a little bit or not really I
think what the way I engage with twitch
in a very unique way because of my own
website and everything so I've actually
had like something available on my site
for a long time I think like five years
so I when it came out for me I don't
think it was like as big of a deal I
feel like I hear about all of these
other like twitch channels that um get
like the massive amounts of like gifted
subs and [ __ ] but I really don't I don't
really get that meaning I'll train just
gifted me like fifty but like other than
that actually wait we can actually see
the numbers can't we mm-hmm if you want
to get in your dashboard channel gifted
Suggs [ __ ] well they tell me
I began to go to the revenue tab that's
why I recall it being at actually I can
um what if I can do this too
sexually I don't know like I've been the
number I get a it might not mind the
right thing [ __ ] does attend many
church premises yeah but like I think
like right now I'm carrying this is with
the fifty that train just did I have
like less than three hundred gifted
Suggs out of a portion of over four
thousand like total sub so for me it's
like a really low number and that's what
the fifty that train did but I feel like
when I look at other channels I feel
like people are always saying like oh
like this guy you know gifted three
hundred subs it's got gifted 100 subs
this guy gifted you know like it seems
like I don't know maybe just because
like maybe is because I don't to share
for my community cut home it might yeah
it seems like the way that my people
engage with that product seems to be a
lot different than other extremes but it
could also be that that's the mine is
more closer to the norm and I just hear
about like the exceptional stuff because
that's what makes like the livestream
fellows clips and whatnot so I don't
know yeah I'm trying to find a [ __ ] dude
nanni Steven got Oh nanny straight oh
god get to 6,600 subs at once holy [ __ ]
wait who nanny
isn't that a is that for isn't wife or
girlfriend holy [ __ ] I found no more
finally so and for the month of uh I
think this November here this is Mac on
the retroactive month I had two hundred
and seventy gift subs in November alone
so you've had what he said three hundred
your line into our lifetime no no I have
I'm caring about three hundred right now
I think that's what that goes right for
the last period
yeah 293 okay okay yeah yeah so I to 270
so yeah there's a little different thing
here but overall I think is a cool idea
I like that they changed the way now
that they also keep track of the total
number I've kept it substitute which is
probably good right like anytime someone
gives us up in a channels like they've
gifted X number of subs right right yeah
yeah cuz before was like some you know
if you yet your total sub
to some floating number because you
didn't know like exactly what it was I
broke down the gift subs and you know
even the number of how many people are
likely to carry that over into an active
subscription after it was another thing
- mm-hmm
so yeah that was a big one I really
liked in a September they did that thing
they should always be running promotions
like this but if somebody gives you a
sub you could renew that sub at like a
severe discount I think was $1.00 in
September wasn't it correct yeah
yeah it was a it was a sub timber which
they have which I was it was actually my
next point here on the twitch year
review sub timber happened again so now
we can confirm it's an annual occurrence
now not just like a one-off cute name
they're gonna try to like do some kind
of like some exciting twist with
subscribing on Twitch
I would assume marry September now so
yeah September Latta September in 2017
was a different in this year back then
it was you could subscribe to a new
channel for only $1 but had to be a new
channel that you've never that you had
never sub to before oh so they get so
kind of like avian scented like kind of
go out there and just like you know
throw a dollar okay and they get the
whole cut it was a it was a loss leader
for the for boosting the ecosystem of
subscribing to those you like right and
then this year September was any gift
sub that you have that expires September
or October you can renew for a dollar so
you and also they they debuted give
something that went live like at that
time so if I recall correctly I was a
little bit before that clear on my then
okay yeah I don't follow that which
meant as much but okay cool yeah I'm
sorry I'm weaker actually it was it was
half off subscribing to a new streaming
was half off gotta check out you okay
yeah that's got anything to get people
to yeah to get more money it's obviously
a good thing yeah so it's that was fun
and then my last thing here and placed a
bigger med because which is a
twitchcon Europe was announced April
yeah yeah April it's gonna be a two-day
convention it's gonna be in Germany's
erlynne yeah
okay yeah Berlin I'm almost here going
to that right thinking about it you got
her you know come on I'm 99% yeah oh
[ __ ] okay well I'm out to get my ducks
in a row deny I I was thinking about it
I was like should I go but you know
you're right I was everyone gonna eat
you that would be the thing to go to
right and then you get to go be part of
like you know year one um the thing is a
queso its posse right the going to
twitchcon you uh going for that alone to
me seems not worth the amount at the
time sink to travel overseas oh yeah no
I gotta like Berlin you got to stay for
like a week or something yeah yeah I got
that thing out of it right so I have to
have to like you know get a squad and
figure out the [ __ ] I'm doing maybe
figure out what you're doing go with you
or some [ __ ] yeah I don't know but like
yeah yeah we should uh we should talk
then maybe spontaneous friendship things
happening right now y'all I'm squad this
is I don't I don't know what like in
terms like what you're available to do
but you know Andy Milonakis
yeah oh yeah the he might be putting
together a trip to Tokyo or to Japan I
should say I guess before twitchcon
Berlin so oh damn
yeah so go to Tokyo then and then do the
other side of the world and go to not
that what's not that well but like you
know and then go to you it's kind of the
other side of the world right Japan is
almost something that's either what
compared to Germany do you think yeah
probably not quite I wonder what the
Japan to Germany flight is and what
about that flight time is I'm really bad
I'm thinking of like distances it's
probably pretty long it's really 12 to
15 hours now yeah I know it's it's it's
taxing for sure thought I gotta look I
gotta look it up Osama Saints about 12
hours it would make sense though and II
- I think you'd have to incorporate both
those trips together and so you'd go
from Lake whatever to Japan and then
Japan to Berlin maybe yeah yeah that's
actually that's that's a big one for me
cuz I've never actually been
international before so
oh never at all well you might as well
go [ __ ] big your first time dude I
did it with mushrooms yeah yeah why not
you deal with travel Yolo and you got
Tokyo it's like you [ __ ] meme
animation all that right you can go look
at her
yeah go and like do much of to do much
anime [ __ ] huh no yeah I always wanted
to I was I was planning on doing that
in 2020 as well I was like alright I
need to like get successful off to where
I can just like say [ __ ] it and go to
Tokyo finally and do [ __ ] Tran there are
ways they're intelligent ways to UM to
plan out stuff as well to write like a
few book like take plane tickets are
really [ __ ] cheap if you book that
[ __ ] early it's actually like insane
there's like a Tokyo Airport like if
you're not you're not wrong you know
that you don't even heard - I've even
heard that if you um if you use a proxy
site and hide your location that you're
able to like there are there are certain
prices you'll see available just because
you're like you're in like a USA or
North American IP address and if you
like rocks that [ __ ] out you'll see way
cheaper prices so only if you use a
different thing I'm gonna okay I'm gonna
ask cuz I don't know oh and then just
for the record I'm looking like LHC Toki
like I see flights right now for like
less than six hundred dollars which is
pretty reasonable five hundred twenty
seven dollars and it's still searching
so that's pretty good for it you know
and there's a two way like going there
and coming back I've heard a lot of
[ __ ] about how to um about how to
like save money on flights or like
scummy things that websites do to like
so like if you go there and then you
visit it a second time it'll raise the
price because you've got like a cookie
or whatever have you heard you like that
cookies direct yeah I've heard this I
have never in my life ever seen this
before like I have tried this in
experimented I don't know where the [ __ ]
these rumors started from but I have
never in my life seen a website boost
the price of a ticket because of a
cookie on your computer and then like if
you go back it's like cheap or some [ __ ]
on an incognito browser I have never
seen this happen before I would be super
curious if someone has like real
actually like I don't know Linda's tech
tips but did a video on it oh I've made
a yeah [ __ ] maybe we'll watch that after
but yeah I don't know just interesting
here a lot of people I don't know about
the VPN thing you said that might
actually be true because some markets
are offered discount tickets because of
what people can afford kind of like
buying video games do you member when
that was like a big thing mm-hmm
when steen was offering cheaper video
games to certain regions and people
would like buy a ton of keys from that
region and then sell them around the
world during mm-hmm I remember that yeah
I remember people with like a
um they would like proxy out to New
Zealand and then it gets you like mega
cheap there yeah I recall GTA 5 being
like like what like 48 bucks on day one
or something like it was it was pretty
considerably cheaper there but yeah yeah
you're not you're not wrong though yeah
it I haven't ever done the Xperia what
concerning yet well I'm sorry real quick
somebody like me this this is like super
interesting just were you about to talk
about the airplane thing yeah it was the
airplane pricing I was gonna like it's
DoubleDown be like yeah it's a the thing
actually I heard is that you said if you
book early you get the cheapest ticket
yeah that's actually not what I heard
okay this is like some cake hona signs
here both yeah but I understand there's
a window cuz like people who booked
super early like you know let's say like
three months early like they want the
the security of knowing that they have
their ticket purchased so they're okay
with paying morgues are being early
planners the actual window to get in
there really well is to six to eight
weeks
if you booked your flight six eight
weeks in advance you're at the window
when it's the cheapest cuz then from
then on just continues to be a supply
and demand a scalping issue with tickets
and filling up the airplanes yeah that's
like another thing I've heard I just
because I've been traveling like so much
now I'm Oh Andy that that matrix dot ITA
Software calm that supposed to be like
Google's thing for checking that's
another thing I've heard but uh I don't
know if that's true either it just feels
like um it feels like there's like a lot
of weird advice that gets thrown around
for like booking early flights but uh
yeah I don't know I feel like if you
just like booked it out what makes the
most sense because uh like why wouldn't
it be supply and demand like this is
like like that that is the to me seems
like I faced by the most efficient model
like you yeah the people want a book in
advance don't give a [ __ ] about
competitiveness it's one get a ticket
booked and feel and live stress-free so
it's gonna like pay whatever the [ __ ]
you throw them yeah it always makes
sense but like I don't know like I said
like I'm looking at um just I'm looking
at prices for Tokyo like out like five
months now and to me or whatever January
February March April May four or five
months right yeah yeah and I still see
like the same like $570
$527 prices for like round-trip tickets
so I mean yeah I don't know it feels
like all of that like it's your spells
like a bunch of like old wives tale
get passed around none of them are are
actually true it's actually crazy
because I actually heard people say I've
heard some of these and now that I've
like traveled so much like I've tested a
lot of these holy [ __ ] $437 damn but but
I've tested like a lot of these because
I'm curious because I because I travel a
lot I've heard a lot of people say to
you if you want a really cheap ticket
just go up to the go up to the counter
and order like the same day because
they're trying desperately to sell these
tickets because nobody will buy them
otherwise so they'll sell them to you at
a discounted price that's [ __ ]
same-day tickets are absurdly [ __ ]
expensive absolutely it's been working
on I thought that's that bag would not
believe my face value at all yeah well
no wallets in the ration all makes sense
when people say things like when people
say things like Oh cuz they've got they
have a plane they need to fill it there
are unsold tickets like they're gonna
sell them even if they have to sell them
cheap they might as well because it's
better than not selling anything at all
I mean that kind of makes sense I think
but because like if you've got a plane
in a tough empty wouldn't you want to
sell those tickets at discounted prices
rather than just fly the plane empty
about the lack of competition in the
airline industry now and how I just
continue to you know did you know that
freakin ten years ago that there wasn't
like a the what is it the checked
luggage was a dude it was only ten
dollars if what was the [ __ ] stat
dude it blew my [ __ ] mind
it was only ten dollars in 2006 to add a
second bag a second check luggage bag
yeah not to be [ __ ] I need to do more
research on this cuz I'm a bet I might
be unintentionally shilling for
corporations here and I shouldn't be but
like I've heard that like airlines are
actually insanely [ __ ] difficult to
run at a profit and the reason why you
get nickel and dimed so hard is because
airlines have to try so [ __ ] hard to
keep ticket prices down like it's it's
actually like insanely hard to run an
airline and to make decent money off of
it so they like have to go crazy with
like trying to nickel and dime people in
bags and [ __ ] to keep those ticket
prices as low as possible that may that
might not be true but [ __ ] I'd have to
look again but I yeah but I feel like
I've heard that a lot that it's really
very McClean I hear you on that and to
be fair I have I'd lately I hear fuel
prices have not been favorable so it's
been getting extra hard to keep things
affordable yeah so but yeah you're right
I don't know
anything about that but I have to come
back with more research to die further
in on that one mm-hmm
but yeah though uh one more thing about
that though you brought how the Tokyo
flights are as sometimes as low as like
five seventy or five sixty I'm seeing
437 oh yeah sorry good 137 it's that
flight really like real bill like is
that one's like [ __ ] like thirty
hour hey it's a 13 hour layover but it's
in Nanjing what do you think that is
that like [ __ ] Vietnam or some [ __ ] I
have no idea
oh this is in China oh the Nanjing
Massacre [ __ ] so I mean like I don't
know if you're okay with traveling I
sleep on international flights so like
hold on one second 13 hour layover hmm I
know 400 dollars cheaper I'm like ah
yeah [ __ ] I want to go use a lot like
explore and [ __ ] mmm you always lose me
at luggage and all right so you're
trying you're trying to sell me on the
idea of like enjoying the 12 hour
layover
have you ever mate have you ever knows
before have you ever like oh yeah I'm
like unless I'm very rare and that um I
travel very easily though like I'm a
very low stress person and like I can
sleep on planes a lot of people can't
sleep on planes if you couldn't sleep on
planes I first of all I would kill
myself travelling international if I
couldn't sleep on a plane I would
[ __ ] and it I don't know how you guys
can [ __ ] do that but yeah typically I
gonna over like this what I would do is
I would sleep on the plane I think I did
this in in Paris in dugal we're like you
you have like an eight hour layover you
get off the plane you've been sleeping
so you wake up and then you can kind of
just go out and explore like the area
immediately around the airplane or
whatnot and then you can go back in and
yeah I don't have a problem doing this
mint okay okay well now we're dealing
this hard corn to travel right at this
point my strats on on civic on planes I
said I've only done like a problem
longest flight was uh to Honolulu Hawaii
in like 2013 for some Waikiki sport [ __ ]
and for that flight actually it was it
was really easy I I'd plan to sleep but
it ended up being that uh the culture of
a jumbo plane I don't know the really
really big ones like the forgive me I'll
know the 747 or
yeah my mind on one of those it's the
one where you have the the middle aisle
that's like five seats why and about a
hundred bathrooms and [ __ ] dude the
culture they're like okay just I'm sorry
minor minor tangent here but uh the I'm
so used to by domestic air air flights
where you know across the mainland where
it's like you know max five hours
everyone sitting down it's very sterile
environment everyone's quiet no one
gives a [ __ ] no one everyone no one's
really doing anything no one really gets
up and opens up their overhead
compartments and stuff like that and
then for like this Hawaii flight again
nine hours out of Dallas um dude it was
a [ __ ] ton of families going to Hawaii
and it was like everyone was getting up
there in the aisle just talking it was
very casual no one gave a [ __ ] and
didn't you're like in this like sterile
classroom it was like a party bus almost
like it was very merry I was like Tim
this is a whole different it probably
like really depends on where you're
flying to I mean if you're gonna [ __ ]
Hawaii you've probably got a lot of
people that are excited right yeah
also Hawaii is very [ __ ] far from the
United States do you are not lying I
don't know that's because map isn't do
that skill justice honestly well I think
it's at least for me it's because you
always feel like it's never why he's
never actually like on a map right when
it's presented they always put it in the
little box next to Alaska and they just
kind of like throw it up there
but um if you're actually like if you
actually look at like a real map of the
United States and you're like Oh Hawaii
it's like probably like right here like
maybe a few hundred miles off the coast
of like California that [ __ ] is
out there it's like it's like it's
little yeah it's pretty [ __ ] far away
like there's a reason why this is like
our I guess like our staging area for I
guess like Pacific War and [ __ ] like
yeah but yeah a little bit a little bit
right up sooner but yeah like that is
that is way the [ __ ] out there yeah I um
I said my momma got like a screencap of
like Google Maps when I was out there
I'm like look how far away from you I
actually am holy [ __ ] yeah it was crazy
how long do you think this island get
visit we're so off track how long can
this island be like self-sufficient like
if they if no one could travel to and
from them can they like grow food and
[ __ ] here
okay so the so Honolulu is on the fourth
largest island the the biggest one is a
huge farming one from what I understand
so they a lot of their crops get shipped
from that fifth Island to the fourth
largest island where all the where all
the city [ __ ] is and I mean common sense
obviously but yeah they don't have a lot
of dairy production so like milk
products are mega expensive in Hawaii so
it wasn't uncommon when everyone said I
wanted to get pancakes one morning when
I was out there for about a week and
yeah I likes to casually if you go to
like an IHOP and I didn't go I was too
expensive but uh all right rabbit get
something else was more local but the
IHOP prices for like three pancakes was
like $12.99 and milk out there is like
$6 a gallon if I recall correctly like
yeah Dairy is really pricey in Hawaii
because of a shipping cost involved it's
it blows my mind how small this place is
I guess is just um [ __ ] how do I measure
the distance measure just it's like
isn't it like it's not even like a
hundred miles I think across yeah I can
tell you it's like 70 miles from like
the longest ends and you can't even
drive it cuz it's like mountains I show
the middle it's like insane how [ __ ]
tiny this place is yeah damn correct
yeah I rented a moped when I was out
there on the Honolulu and I drove for
about six hours and I made to the other
half of the island yeah call correctly
see yeah it's over twelve hours you
didn't circle the entire thing yeah
that's the whole thing which is crazy
damn have we gone off topic though
twitch twitch Connie without you the
reason I brought that up actually
because I wanted to I wanted to ask you
what did that means that does that mean
is gonna be there will be more twitch
events in the in the future like it
obviously just 4:20 he's gonna go well
it's a small scale staying only a two
dating event but obviously it will do
better and then it's better than expand
budget and probably bump it to a
three-day event next year but do you
foresee them doing like more twitch
events I mean it'll really to probably
depend on attendance and everything
right for how it goes
yeah I mean like that's I mean it would
be cool like if this was like a pilot
test like if it goes really well what if
we'll get like a twitchcon Canada like a
twitchcon Shanghai or twitch con you
know I don't know well maybe not that I
don't know actually I was thinking even
small and I was thinking like a
twitchcon East and twitchcon West where
it's an East Coast and West Coast USA
maybe but uh before but yeah like the
idea though yeah that sounds dumb but
I'm gonna mean I like if someone thinks
that sons done like twitchcon was super
[ __ ] pack this year holy should huh
see he wants to twitchcon twitchcon
South sorry did you hear that yeah your
dog is like dying dude that was my cat
that freaked me out I've never heard
that time okay well maybe your cat's
dying man
or maybe evolving oh my camp yeah I
don't know what the [ __ ] I've never
heard that before I'm so sorry oh that
was a massive derail but like she just
ran the [ __ ] out of here - it's your
into the window I'm sorry whatever cats
been cats yeah I think it's gonna I
think she's gonna involve into like an
arc and on or some [ __ ] I don't even
know the words are what we're talking
about you like a completely fresh kind
of West which kind of use maybe it'll
break it over oh okay yeah the reason
why I think George Kahne East and West
are gonna happen is because pax pax is
like pax has no competition it's like
that you know the the biggest convention
setting thing that has like gaming
culture dominance I do think it has its
role like a bet this cultivating further
table tops and TCG's and just general
geek culture but twitch you know playing
playing pittypat at a pac seems like a
weird thing when they have the clout
that run their own and their own event
and it's in time so I would suspect that
packs twitch once it's like you know
kinda you make gaming a big thing for
its own convention and not just like
settle for being a part of a small
convention sure yeah be really
interesting to see I guess all that
turns out yeah you know anything else to
say what's the next one and that was it
tags abolishing IRL twitch prom getting
nerfed mad block
gifts of debuting September
renew September renew gifts up event
happening and twitchcon EU getting uh
getting announced that I try to think of
anything I could that happened in 23 for
twitch and that's what I had for you
therefore the review all right cool well
that's twitch in 2018 was pretty cool
hopefully in 2019 it's pretty cool it's
your cat okay yeah let me um you know
give me one sec uh give us to the next
topic yeah I'm gonna go take well watch
that Louie CK clip okay okay cool
alright so Louie CK guys getting back
into the swing of things not swinging
his dick around but I mean like the
comedy thing oh well um well watch this
end me and tracks we'll talk about this
real quick here do you want to do you
want to watch it with us I can give you
four down you got it up alright
I'm give me a give me a count I'll be
ready 3 2 1 go
disappoint the younger generation
honestly because I'm 51 years old and
when I was like 18 did my 20s I mean we
were idiots we are getting high doing
[ __ ] mushrooms and [ __ ] and then
older people were like you gotta get
your [ __ ] together we're like a [ __ ] you
kind of excited to be in my fifties and
see people in their 20s and be like
they're crazy these kids are nuts
[Music]
finger-fucking each other and doing
jello shots
you should've dressed me there like
royalty they tell you what to call them
how come you shouldn't trust me and pay
them because I identify gender-neutral
okay you shouldn't dress me as their
because I identify as a location and the
location is your mother's [ __ ]
[Laughter]
young you should be crazy
you should be unhinged not in a suit
saying I'm here to tell [ __ ] you not
interesting because you went to a high
school where kids got shots why does
that mean I have a listen to you you
interesting shot you push some fat kids
away
[Music]
oh man yeah all right
[ __ ] all right so where do we begin
should we should be um should we bring
up uh well I guess first like at face
value right so what happened here is
there is a there's a backlash I saw on
Twitter
pretty pretty sizable one I need like a
minor one over the content that was a
that was a leak here from one of his uh
things so I don't think Lucy Kate's
coming back to stand up right now he's
been he's been really really quiet since
the since the scandal broke out dig
Siddhant yeah since then since the
Dickens Mitchell Shaw I'll recap here in
a second but uh the I don't think you
met for us to actually get leaked out I
mean obviously he was mentally mental
like he was kinda like testing the
waters and a smaller close-quarters well
no it has to be I mean right you've got
any public thing you're giving like that
you instantly have to assume I'm sure
someone like him understands it's gonna
get go public right unless you're
literally well it's getting phones and
[ __ ] at the door and even at that so
well that's the thing but uh so so so in
that regard this is why Dave Chappelle
is so adamant and goes for like he will
only perform at theaters that will abide
by his policy to like have like a super
I mean like super hard no cell phones in
attendance policy because of the cuz of
[ __ ] like this here the the the leak out
of I don't know stay like the laconic on
it is pretty comprehensive on the
context here but like this kind of think
that happens or you can get then the
backlash which even then Chappelle's to
Netflix tandems both had backlash for
for for trans jokes and for violet the
other topic wasn't he depicted that was
considered controversial mm-hmm all
right but yeah I don't think he wanted
it to come out in this way but you know
whatever it happened yeah so there was
back last year right um what do want to
get to first one is hold the whole
incident right so he covers the he
covers a gender pronouns and he ain't
gwyne to the the part I guess the
parkland activist right it was those are
the two things that are considered
controversial mm-hm the well I think the
whole kind of thing is pretty
I feel like that's just like a
combination of things that kind of makes
people to Ike's on this one is that
people on the internet will always over
be act right like yeah people just
happens like people get real mad on the
internet [ __ ] his like recent kind of
interactions or intersections I guess
like the kind of home YouTube movement
and the whole masturbating in the
doorway and [ __ ] probably doesn't help
his position here right and then him
kind of like rapid firing jokes that
seem to be on the on the wrong side of
social issues or probably will be look
back on that without like the greatest
of punchlines I think probably doesn't
help I don't think anything in here is
like the worst thing ever that's ever
been said I just think there's a lot of
things that kind of come together that
uh that probably are why people Jarek
stillness you know like like going hard
on like back-to-back you've got like on
trans people on people that complain
about social issues and then on school
shootings at a time when like all of
these are like very hot button topics in
the US and then you don't really offer
so like Dave Chapelle generally does
this but he'll offer like some sort of
insightful take on it or maybe give you
another way to something to walk away
from innit look into something
whereas with Louie CK was just kind of
like very lightly poking fun of these
topics without anything deeper uh yeah
it just seems like it kind of a bad
combination of things for him to do this
take and then not expect people to get
kind of a little aspect about it yeah
yeah you you you actually word it really
really well the first time I heard it I
immediately knew that those like who he
really went on these two topics here
that's a gun watch is still a big big
problem right now I think what the
problem is that parkland activists have
done is a like really really good and
the fact that the thing he's like
belittling here that young people should
be [ __ ] and doing true but you like
that I mean they're they're so the
problem is like that and I understand
it's just comedy but like usually like I
like all comedy has to be rooted in uh
in truth like that seriously makes it
funny right like racial humor and like
observational humor especially Louie CK
like he knows this cuz he does a lot of
observational humor and most of it is
rooted in truthful things but like I
mean like kids are still doing drugs and
[ __ ] each other today like that still
happens a lot and then kids like in the
past have always been like crazy
activists and [ __ ] like I mean I don't
know how all the vck is but like
especially like the sixties in shade
with Vietnam like kids were
which kids especially we're crazy
[ __ ] activists auntie Warren [ __ ] so
he I don't know just kind of yeah yeah
not bad aside I will admit I I did I did
find the but unfortunately I found the
gender the gender thing uh funny I
didn't see I don't see that punchline
coming right there but um I'm a big but
but I'm a big [ __ ] at heart though so
also okay just a transparency for chat
Here I am a I I am a big louis c.k fan I
don't
I obviously the whole the masturbation
scan mode whatever you want to call it
and his like non-apology apology we're
both bad and unfortunate and dumb mm-hmm
even even the the unsurprised the
unsurprised presence of him at that one
nightclub but he did is what is the
first returning gigs could have been
seen as like not the best practice in
the world but you know that doesn't
negate that the honest truth here that I
still find his earlier skin of hilarious
and I was and I've been a big fan of
them from those but you know it's this
case of like you know separating the art
from the artist I can I can agree where
there's good stand-up but doesn't mean
I'm a condone the things that Lucy Kate
does yeah no so yeah but that's no topic
there right if you want to dive into
like me to versus like specifically the
things that louis c.k did we can if you
want to do that tango but um but yeah
this was uh this was gotta get him from
the from the biggest peep from the
biggest of the I guess political Twitter
from at least one when I saw mmm-hmm I
know you're right though you're right uh
I think that the reason why this gets a
lot of backlash is that like um whereas
Dave Chapelle kind of covered like
transphobia and almost the other topic
he covered that was that I got it I got
pushed back I'm a member here he offered
like a like a cool resolve to them that
would like felt like it was rooted in
emotion a little bit um particularly
against like a good against like Trump
and like you know the Rust Belt who
voted who voted for Trump and mass and
then they were the ones getting [ __ ]
over the hardest at times from some of
his policies and he like brought up how
like you know they uh he brought it back
to the being about you know that there's
a lot of oppression in the world and
that you know he is rich there
for he's not the one there but he
understands we're all coming from true
but comparatively here of louis c.k
again the problem here is you know I saw
the entire day she fell special I didn't
see what this Lewis de Kate thing here
was maybe there was some resolve maybe
there was something austerity it's a
very heavy topic and what's hurt here it
doesn't really bring any resolve to what
he's you know yeah kids being uh being
activist yeah it's [ __ ] [ __ ] lame
right yeah there were a couple other um
I think it was Patton Oswald
did you see his roast on on Twitter oh
[ __ ]
I read that like super duper tired when
I first like woke up today so I did get
the I don't recall what he said by dizzy
responded to something can you can you
read out to me here
or do you have anything on oh oh here is
this tweet I hate when I finger being my
school my girlfriend and do jello shots
and then I get gunned down in the halls
my school [ __ ] my life I mean I'm pretty
sure that's probably I call it yeah but
yeah exactly
mmm-hmm yeah well yeah but I mean what
you're gonna do I don't think it's this
huge an issue some people I think that I
think is just a couple I don't know how
many jokes ran but yeah people get
really [ __ ] mad at it but we'll see
as future attacks question okay here's a
question right mm-hmm do you feel
there's some moral relativism going on
right here like if if this had got
leaked out prior to the masturbation
scandal my condo right shaving called my
space candles so I call it like
something different I don't know that
what what terminology would further to
dub the entire thing there as um but
yeah that's fine sure okay the jerk gate
okay gotcha uh do you fat gate do you
feel that uh it would have been a
different reception prior it's a fat
gate
proud yeah for sure yeah for sure
because I think that um even though
louis c.k was viewed as kind of airy
edgy like the reddit comedian is what a
lot of people will call him sometimes i
think that like um when you see like
have you ever watched Louie
yes yeah I want to feel like that show
got him enough credit for a series of
looking at a lot of issues that that
hopefully people don't always instantly
assume the worst
or the worst intentions especially
because he's dealt with some pretty
heavy topics on on that show before so
yeah but but that I mean the the whole
masturbation think probably probably
heard him quite a bit I would say master
gate yeah
master gate yeah yeah so I don't have
much more other than uh than what we
brought to it there yeah that's about it
we can move on to our one our sole
political topic of the day Oh what would
that be the funding for the wall we're
in um this is the I think this is the
[ __ ] I should look at before I think
this is the first government shutdown
that's actually happened there were two
prior ones I think under Trump but they
were resolved before the Monday over the
weekend I think they ended up getting
results it didn't happen but now we're
actually in partial government-run edge
mode where a lot of things are unstaffed
and a lot of things are kind of like
half running and what now I don't know
if payments are being for a load and
whatnot but yeah there's um the
surprising thing is that they just
there's a lot of funny memes here just
about how horrible Trump is as a
politician people always like Scott
Adams likes to pretend that he's playing
like 752 dimensional chess but like
right his own vice president has like
work deals out where Pence is like
listen guys like let's come together on
this and and the Dems even gave over
which was unbelievable to me a 2.5
billion dollar compromise on the wall
where they were gonna put half the money
towards the wall and pence got the okay
saying that people would sign it and be
good and then he goes back and Trump
stabs him in the back and he's like nah
[ __ ] I'm not saying this [ __ ] give me
the full [ __ ] money get the [ __ ] out
I went on with the full five point six
billion [ __ ] yeah and it's like I can't
believe the Dems actually would even
cave that far if that would have went
through I feel like that would play so
horribly to Democrat voters I can't
believe they would even willing to offer
2.5 billion that's insane to me
no backbone yeah and I briefed that
especially because the house is changing
soon too but yes I good can we bring up
the I don't know where anatomists
actually happened but the whole Nancy
Pelosi II Chuck Schumer X Trump meeting
in the Oval Office did you hear about
the year but the entire exchange no way
like oh so um so there's supposed to be
like a little like okay it's actually
really really it's a really sick clip
here in terms of like the entertainment
of and the absurdity of trumps manner is
oh so in it it's supposed to just be a
little little like showman clip of just
like old school politics where you have
hey it's it's Dems and Republicans
across the aisle combining together for
the greater good of the American people
where's a little sorry wait I need to
see this clip wait do you have it
I can get it for you give me yes either
get it for me and post in chat or the oh
man we can watch it yeah yeah hole man
you should see how it sits it's a what
it is it's it's polarizing in its
perception because some will see it as
Trump being a master negotiator just a
fool like alpha male tiger oh yeah
another see you know a toddler in a
highchair crying about not getting his
way gotcha I see it a minute 25 seconds
on Twitter c-span I got it cool run it
or Lincoln Road yep it's linked in chat
ninjitsu user link that do you see it
[Music]
alright I want you paid attention here
it's coming out of that take it one time
here but also look at pence the entire
time he's like frozen he's like frozen
in fear dude so good okay no whatever
you ready
okay um okay sorry click transition okay
I'm starting this in three two one go
yeah so let us have a conversation well
we don't have to contradict in public
the statistics that you put forth but
instead can have a conversation about
what will really work and what the
American people deserve from us at this
uncertain time in their lives really
over a dispute and you want to shut it
I'm not talking about the last time
Chuck you shut it
no no no and then you open sorry quickly
and when each I don't want to do what
you did 20 times John have called for I
will shut down the government if I don't
get my wool none of us have you want to
know something you say okay you want to
put that oh I said I'll take it okay
good you know what I'll say yes if we
don't get what we want
one way
the other whether it's through you
through a military through anything you
want to call I will shut down the gunner
and I am proud and I'm hungry I am proud
to shut down the government for border
security Chuck because the people of
this country don't want criminals and
people that have lots of problems and
drugs pouring into our country so I will
take the mantle I will be the one to
shut it down I'm not gonna blame you for
it
the last time you shut it down it didn't
work I will take the mantle of shutting
down and I'm gonna shut it down for
border security should thank you very
much everybody look at pence I feel so
bad worm
oh poor pills anyway just a little bit
more context there that wasn't the full
clip so prior to him this is the best
part of him like proudly exclaiming that
yeah I will sew down the government I
don't get my way you made that like
clear net net threat right there a
threat what I'd want to call it
no but earlier in that same clip it was
meant to be them coming across the aisle
together uniting for the greater good of
the American people it's gonna be a
little like a little shill Phil look if
they can throw on CNN or whatever and
Nancy Pelosi said something something
basic and like Trump hardcore disagree
with it immediately and it's laid into a
debate about like no they're coming in
like a puts the entire rhetoric from
like us 2016 campaign you're like yeah
they're they're coming in they're
rapists are unsafe there they're there
they're illegal we got it shut them down
we need the wall now and she's going and
the Nance is like trying to pause him
and just like continue her point that
wasn't meant to be like really had to
bait more of like a fact about like that
the wall budget doesn't really add up to
what he's proposing for in the first
place or Oh something about that I wish
I had the early part cuz like that it's
him and Nancy arguing that the eschaton
doubling down on being proud to do the
proud to do the government shut down cuz
you know he does it it's gonna be
effective yeah I mean that's kind of a
conservative story somebody linked a 19
second clip I have to watch this I'm
like a nitwit [ __ ] again let me know
when you're right
clicking and all right are you gotcha
two one go yeah
there people are not gained in the
Senate Nancy we've gained in the Senate
excuse me did we win the Senate we won
the Senate when the president brags that
he won North Dakota and Indiana he's in
real trouble I did see that Marty holy
[ __ ] I didn't know there was like yeah I
might have to watch the whole thing I
don't know anything about Schumer I'm
not gonna lie
maybe this may be the full video is
worth watching I'll archive that - later
today maybe yeah yeah well um to
continue though we were uh so yeah uh so
we got now so yeah so that entire
exchange happened prior to the to the
government shutdown but that was a the
one youth the one I had the one you saw
on Twitter that you linked was the one
where Trump proudly claims our exclaims
a hill uh that if this and get his way
he'll shut it down
he's quote-unquote taking no [ __ ]
and this is the same guy that brags so
much about being able to negotiate and
come together and get people work
together and [ __ ] but now he's like in
the most confrontational person like
we've ever seen like holy [ __ ] yeah and
I hate to like you know meme on a little
bit here but there's always there's
always a tweet that contradicts whatever
yeah without even you saying anything
I'm gonna guess there's a tweet about
Obama get shutting the government down
about how you should always impeach a
president it does it or something is
that my clothes yep there's a twenty
thirteen tweet of him saying how Obama's
a shitty president because I'm sorry I
shouldn't I shouldn't exaggerate here a
terrible only a terrible president and a
bad negotiator would requires
governments doesn't make things happen
and get done like you shouldn't you're a
bad president if you require a
government shutdown threat threats to
get your way and get things done
damn so well give a link to the exact
tweets oh it's not hard to find it for
you in like a two seconds I was like we
should read it verbatim
but anyway yeah well you're looking for
that oh yeah go for it yeah oh yeah so
I'm looking for if you want to clarify
if you want to clarify the how long the
the show that's been going on for at
this point something we've added we
haven't talked about we haven't covered
it all so I know it's been going on for
a while now wait for which thing the
government shutdown area yeah how long
has been going on for are we getting to
like are we getting to like a week or
two I believe I've been moving so I
haven't been keeping up phone yeah
everyone I believe wrong week to right
now
yeah we're closing week two
yeah we've been shut down for about 12
days so worse there's literally okay you
actually stunk a couple of tweets here
but I'm trying to find the specific one
where he says he's always liked it
you're a bad leader and a bad negotiator
if you have a government shutdown and it
was in 2013 and it was a shot a shot at
Obama mm-hmm so in a September 2013 Fox
and Friends phone interview Trump
blasted Obama for failing to quote
unquote get everybody in a room and this
is a direct quote if you say who gets
fired it always has to be the top
problems start from the top and they
have to get solved from the top as the
president's the leader and he's got to
get everyone in a room and he's got to
lead and he doesn't do that he doesn't
like doing that that's not his strength
Trump also said further down in history
when they talk about the government
shutdown they're going to be talking
about the President of the United States
who the president was at the time
they're not gonna be talking about who
was the head of the house the head of
the Senate who's running things in
Washington so I really think the
pressure is on the president in October
7th 2013 interview with then Fox News
host Greta Van Susteren Trump criticized
Obama for not being a deal maker during
the shutdown quote unquote or quote you
have to get everyone in a room you have
to be the leader the president has to
lead he has to get the Speaker of the
House and everybody else in a room and
they have to make a deal you have to be
nice and be angry and be wild and Kahal
and do all sorts of things but you have
to get a deal and unfortunately he's
never been a deal maker that wasn't as I
forty's boy went into politics and it's
obviously not his expertise now but you
have to get the people in a room and you
have to get a deal yeah so I found I
found a tweet quoting the quote maybe he
didn't actually tweeted I could have
sworn this was like verbatim a tweet is
it the shutdown falls on the president's
lack of leadership is it that one yeah
yeah yeah apparently this has been
attributed to him but people can't find
out if this quote was ever actually said
it sounds like this might be a little
bit of fake news or that particular
quote I don't think he said there's a
PolitiFact on it and they can't find
like the source of that original quote
apparently this was like a facebook name
that originated but he does have these
other things weeks talking about and I
mean this kind of is like in lion wood
things he said before about being a good
deal maker that the president should be
able to be a good deal maker in
centering Center but yeah not much else
to talk about there I guess we come up
on our on our two-hour mark have you had
a chance to look there neither reddit
questions yet ooh let me let me peek
here and see uh-oh this is like random
random Trump related news Oh God who
resigned the oh my god I can't remember
the Secretary of Defense oh wait come
other guy is it mattis oh yeah I wasn't
it was secretary mattis right did you um
so difficult but did you see him he
initially congratulated him when when
maddest left but then the but then the
resignation letter was published and a
lot of people started to wonder if
trumpet actually even read it or
understood it because people were coming
up because um and in the letter mattis
is pretty rough on Trump for a he's
critical of Trump yeah yeah for
basically shutting allies and saying you
know [ __ ] off and you know they're not
working together not aligning on their
fuse or whatever and I guess Trump
didn't read this who didn't understand
this because originally Trump like
wished him well it or whatever but after
the news cycle started to go around and
many people realize that Matt it was
kind of shutting Trump Trump came out
and started firing tweets at how [ __ ]
angry he was now much he hated me [ __ ]
was pretty funny Chloe we should I kind
of wonder sometimes how well he can read
yeah and I thought too hard into the ad
Homs here on the
would be that or such but uh if I recall
there was okay so obviously you've heard
remember the previous Secretary of State
uh Rex Tillerson the CEO of Exxon Mobil
yeah nexium well yeah and he was very
critical of Trump whenever he had to
work with him call oh yeah I'm quoting
Iran
okay well there was a there was a a
recent interview he did on some stage
for something somewhere I forget the
details I'm forgive me here buddy he
went on an expanded elaboration about of
his disdain for Trump and he full-on
claims that Trump can't read that like
Trump has like a limited repast I've
heard was a lot I think
Pakman did like a full video on this hi
I'm just agnostic towards the issue it's
one of those things where I don't like
the focus on it because I don't know but
for sure because it dilutes until like
yeah well it's like is this really like
the thing we need to focus on but I kind
of wonder sometimes like damn you know
and I mean like it's consistent with a
lot of other stuff where he asked like
intelligence briefings have to be kept
very very short and whatnot like yeah
yeah just to bring that one further in
here
what it was a he has Maria's briefings
and the at first the briefings were
technical elaborative and multi-page
long with like no pictures and he said
never I think he said they had to be
four pages or less or else he wouldn't
[ __ ] with them people said they had to
condense I want to say that was a number
I might be making that up but she have
member hearing was only one page it had
to be like a one page and had to like it
had to be and oftentimes it feels like
technical and [ __ ] he would just like
not read it and had to be because he
would like want to go with like his gut
reaction to stuff and just kind of like
reinforce his gut reaction as opposed to
like finding out more about the
situation to arrive at an actual
conclusion and that overtime bad they
include more and more things about Trump
so that he would uh said he would want
to read about it oh yeah they might have
to give him reports of like positive
news stories about him and whatnot in
order to keep him like in a good mood
and whatnot correct yeah that yeah so
it's kind of like a you know adult
babysitting somewhat if you want to yeah
holy Sh but yeah that's the thing there
yeah so however you want to call it
manifested as a as a low attention span
or if you want to call that
reading comprehension whatever whatever
maybe either way he's long since not
stopped reading his briefings a daily or
reading them with like any intented like
huh no the entirety of what's happening
on a day to day basis it's crazy to me
how much the rhetoric shifts around I
don't know if you ever go to the Donald
but like how much people are celebrating
him for shutting down the government and
everything and then but before they
called my master negotiator and also
like why are people so happy now why are
all the trumple's so happy to be paying
for the wall like I thought Mexico was
supposed to pay for this hey why are you
guys celebrating now the idea that the
America might have to be our own taxes
like I don't know what so there's two
things there one I haven't a check of a
dollar off and haven't been there in a
while it's like 2016 to even know like
what what the deepest of the Trump
think-tank is uh saying and doing but
like I said earlier I told you before
that this uh the whole Nancy Pelosi I
Chuck Schumer Trump exchange was
polarizing because those who are against
we're gonna see it it's like you know
he's it's a toddler crying is not
getting his way you know he wants box
versus the right seeing as uh you know
him being a powerful negotiator and just
taking no [ __ ] uh-huh uh yeah it
just polarizing in that regard so
doesn't surprise me at this point you
see see the we see reality gets
distorted to reinforce whatever the the
trumpets when I think and see yeah yeah
I guess you know that seems to be the
way we're expert you see I'm looking
down for that uh they do it they pay for
the wall with trade rebalancing yeah
like even I've seen a couple of people
oh this is a guy that I actually debated
on tariffs before yeah so like he
actually believes this is a lot of
people that were like so initially when
Trump said Mexico is gonna pay for the
wall the idea was they're gonna pay for
it but now we've got all sorts of ways
to weasel well they're not gonna
directly pay for it but we're gonna make
our trade more competitive and when our
trade is more competitive we're gonna
collect more tax receipts as a result of
the more competitive trade and we're
gonna use that to pay for there's like
okay so they're not really yeah yeah
it's like it's always there's always
like there's never a way to lose when
you're like in Trump land like you can
always kind of twisted the truth you're
gonna kinda like bend things around like
well you know like technically you know
if we don't trade as much with Mexico
then they're not going to do as well in
their business and
not gonna be as competitive in 400 years
from now when we our industry is higher
than their industry then we're gonna
make more money and then that's gonna be
a way for payments like okay they're
like yeah right right right yeah no
exactly
and then in the meantime the stock
market is tumbling hardcore tons of
states I started complaining about lost
revenue due to like tariffs and it's
having like pretty disastrous impacts on
a couple of different businesses and
industries in the United States but but
okay
yeah you know ya know notably
agriculture and you're seeing the
witches which includes but not limited
to the fact that was like what is it a
[ __ ] twelve billion dollar bailout
that they had to do for it's not for
agricultural companies that they're
subsidizing to help with the tarp stuff
yeah yeah yeah which by the way of which
I've heard is that not even the of which
I've heard is was it was a twelve
billion or twelve million I might be
wrong on that uh I thought it should be
a billion base pairs Millions means
nothing
yeah that's why I figured I'm federal
subsidies across me yeah and of which
only only tens of millions he has even
gone out so far if I recall correctly
hmm
and even then wait wait so if I recall
correctly of the twelve billion only
tens of millions have been distributed
at all and even then of those tens of
millions only largely to farming
companies have really received the funds
so like the small guys are like just
sinking right now to falling apart yeah
but yeah I have looked into it since
like you know November so I might be a
little bit outdated on that on the
information yeah well what are you gonna
do so you want it so okay so moving on
now to some Rhetta questions if you want
the next thing was the reddit questions
but I left a topic off here that I
actually really wanted to talk about no
go for what's good wait can I add it
hold on wait I want to talk about the
spider-man movie oh okay
yo let's talk about it so so yeah there
was um why he's talking up in fixed mo
here y'all there was a Sony Pictures
animation released a film recently my
heard of it called a Spider Man into the
spider verse it came out recently and
early December and my take on it was it
was [ __ ] sick in it what it is though
tell you little bit more about
oh I was bringing up right now the the
the two creative individuals behind the
the 2014 sleeper hit the lego movie
which if you haven't seen by the way is
actually [ __ ] amazing
I recommend go check it out they are uh
same the same duo Lord and Miller who
worked on Cloudy with a Chance of
Meatballs and they were given free reign
to make a spider-man film they had the
entire spider-man IP property to work
with all the villains will try to uh
just I guess to be clear will try to do
this with no spoilers is that okay okay
guys okay girlfriend
yeah they had complete free rein to make
a to make an animated film with
spider-man involving the entirety of the
spire me an IP including all the
villains all the different
interpretations of spider-man and this
is what they came up with here spider
into the spider-verse the trailer um
just to clarify here what I'll talk
about spoilers here I'm willing to bring
up at the I feel like talking about
things you see in the trailer yeah
that's right so what we have here is um
it's it's a film that starring Miles
Morales who was a half Puerto Rican half
black kid a young 14 year old student in
in New York and at first I was I was
excited because I was like [ __ ] yeah
dude it's the duo I really likes I
really enjoyed like a movie and it's
gonna be fine they're gonna tell miles a
tale about how he becomes spider-man's
not gonna be another reached retread
through Peter Parker for like the third
time and been roughly a decade at this
point watching Uncle Ben die again yeah
and all that kind of stuff so I was
really excited for but then as I saw
that's when I first heard the
announcement that it was an awesome
around so it's gonna be really excited
but then once all that when the trailer
involved you know it still involved
Peter Parker to some fashion I was like
I'm a little bit worried now is it good
do they really think that miles can't
carry his own film if you have to have
Peter Parker again but I registered the
the the trailer makes all my concerns
and then some and I became super excited
for the film so I saw it I gave it my
highest recommendation I to me that's
like a at ni I'm absolutely floored by
it it was much better than it needed to
be for me but and I told testing about I
was like yeah you should really go see
it in
he was go see it yeah I kind of thought
on a whim because I was looking for a
movie to see and I actually didn't even
know it was an animated movie I'm not
gonna lie I thought it was gonna be like
a normal like a spider-man movie and the
intro to the movie started and in the
first like 5 to 10 minutes I was not
sold at all on the art style especially
cuz like the frame rate is really low
and I thought it was gonna bother me a
lot and you know just continuing to
watch the animation alone makes this
movie so worth watching it is one of the
coolest animated things I think I've
ever seen in my entire life like easily
top like 2 or maybe just think the
coolest animated thing I've ever seen in
my entire life especially like the whole
final like 20 minutes sequence is like
holy [ __ ] is it looks like it doesn't
you will never see anything or you've
never seen anything that looks like this
ever in your entire life like it is so
insanely unique the blending of
animation and then comic style in a way
that and I don't even like comics but
like in a way that makes it interesting
but playful but like very I don't want
to say unique again but like it is
definitely like its own thing it looks
so [ __ ] cool and you can tell that's
so much [ __ ] work like there's so
much like every shot especially a lot of
the animated stuff is like very dense
but it's still like easily digestible
and it likes that's like a mood and
atmosphere for like every shot it's so
[ __ ] cool I highly recommend even if
you don't like superhero movies it's
totally worth seeing just because of the
animation it looks so [ __ ] amazing i
100% suggesting it and then the the
story and everything is OK
the story and the characters are okay
it's not like amazing you know it's a
superhero movie if you go in with like
grandiose expectations you're probably
gonna be let down but even if even if
they were horrible I would say you
should still watch this movie but
they're not everything works well
everything is passable yeah and man holy
[ __ ] the movie looks so [ __ ] good
yeah
yeah the the aesthetics is it's really
an experience y'all I believe the the
team that did this at Sony Pictures
animation they had they created new
software to create that comic book
aesthetic look there is a if you think
back here to the earlier prints I think
prior cam you know as far back as maybe
like even the 80s you had comics that
were printed and they had to do like
this uh this blatantly like tricolour
gamma effect because of like the the the
reduced cost of using like not like
elaborate printing press techniques
so the when you see a lot of a typically
when you see a computer-animated film
you have to manually create depth of
field effects there is no there's no
depth of field effects that naturally
occur when you're creating CG animation
so that's be created manually whenever
you see that done films like an Pixar
movies by comparison but here they want
to see like a like miles or like or even
like spider-gwen
and InFocus behind there you see kind of
this uh the comic-book aesthetic of that
tribe that Tricolore gamma effect in it
it looks like you're watching a comic I
don't really put other than that it is
like like desings saying here is really
an experience it is a visual fidelity at
the highest yeah and you should oh man
yeah you definitely definitely
definitely should see it if you haven't
I like it's very rare I mean you guys
watch me some all the time I'm a total
contrary and I hate every [ __ ] movie
you got to see this it's such a [ __ ]
cool movie holy [ __ ] yeah definitely 100
I seen in theaters - it probably looks
better than it will in here two weeks
ago
not to mention that spider manages the
concept lends itself really well to
being you know animated because you're
not you're not under like the dire
restraints of a typical live-action
hybrid where you have to like have like
you know uh Peter Parker IRL swinging
through a green screen and to do another
[ __ ] I said oh that's thing that you
know homecoming or other even like a
infinity war or civil war didn't look
great but here you can go you can go
[ __ ] buck wild on your animations in
sandbox so and they're the scenes that
that things do happen are [ __ ] sick
like one kind of like fun thing to think
about especially for that ending 20
minute sequence I can't even imagine
what the [ __ ] the storyboards looked
like for this to try to get everybody on
board for animating this like this thing
is moving this way and then the camera
is gonna move this way while both
characters do it like I can't even
imagine the creative process has got to
be [ __ ] insane to get any of this
working but yeah yeah it was uh well I'm
glad you enjoy it man
III show really hard because I'm such a
I was my prior major was animation so my
goal before age 40 back in the gap was
to uh was to literally be a storyboard
artist that Pixar at some point
eventually so this this to me makes me
really really happy yeah to see a triple
a budget applied to a creative animation
style is seems to me to be very very
very rare that somebody would take a
gamble on that I would never expect
something like this to be funded by a
major motion picture studio so yeah
so so then but on that note that I got
to bring up the unfortunate reality that
so why would both give it tons of
critical crate critical praise it
they're not doing gangbangers at
box-office in fact I want to say Aquaman
and Mary Poppins returns both are
beating it and box I was right now and I
think that's more I'm sorry by both them
I mean I'm referring to
positively received here spider-man's in
spider-verse as well as positively
received a bumblebee I saw both
bumblebee also was I I get omegle all
transformers but go ahead Oh honestly
though I can if you ever wanna talk
about that for like I have a lot of
opinion about transformers I'd love to
[ __ ] on those films for hours on it
actually but uh maybe in our next
episode but you thought it was good
yeah but we'll be actually uh I don't
think it's must-see good but I do think
it's a easily the best chance for us
filmed by a wide margin it is the plot
if you think spotter versus plot is like
a little bit you know template ish
because it has to follow superhero arc
then bumblebees to make you literally
fall asleep its plot is it is so simple
what happens they're like it's literally
the next name the 1984 animated series
but like live-action CGI hybrid like
literally Decepticons will come to earth
they're gonna come and do bad [ __ ] you
need to not about stop them here's
mom'll be snide you should and that's
literally the plot but the journey of of
the main character the protagonist girl
and how bumblebee you know the the the
Volkswagen Beetle the yellow one bond
together throughout the film is what is
the the fun part that's the journey that
that you're gonna really really enjoy
like you know the boy and his dog
storyline if you will um yeah it was
also so not only that it looked great
the plot is simple but the even from
like a case of like what Michael Bay's
dubbed bread and butter is was like
having a laboratory scenes so happy he's
gone so I'm happy him and his
cinematographer are both gone because
the things here are so much better I
thought a big complaint of transformers
like 1 through 5 was that like the
actions
comprehensible like yeah this one
started to get so [ __ ] dense it
looked like a render farm jerking itself
off for like 30 minutes I there were a
couple movies worth for the first time
of my life and actually I'm a between
this and then on the third Star Trek
movie that Michael Bay did I think that
was Michael Bay right third Star Trek no
no that wasn't my go Bay [ __ ] it was the
other guy that um people know for the
O's flare [ __ ] sorry was the guide that
fast and furious I forget which one will
F get who it was though but JJ Abrams
maybe did you Abrams did the first Star
Trek oh he didn't do the third one I
thought I thought he was involved in all
three I could be wrong but like these
were movies where I saw that that third
Star Trek movie and then the and then
some of the transformer movies where I
saw it and I was legitimately lost like
I had to take a step back and I'd be
like I don't actually know what the [ __ ]
I just looked at like I was so confused
I didn't know if I'm getting old or
blind or well but I was like oh you
actually have no idea what the [ __ ] I
just watched I have no idea no no I
understand it did I the peak of it for
me I'm sorry to meet that D relic right
now but uh
transformers the second one um a revenge
of the Fallen which happened during the
writer strike of oh oh 708 that plot is
in comprehensible to me I don't what the
[ __ ] even happening dude I don't even
know like all I know is like a robot a
robot humps Megan Fox's leg and then
they end up at the pyramids they're
fighting for some reason I don't even
[ __ ] know dude it make any sense to
me at all but back to the pointer though
the uh even um those other Transformers
films there they are visually so busy
that your eyeballs don't know where the
[ __ ] to look and it's just a giant
confusing [ __ ] mess and and
comparatively here and Bumblebee the
actions actually way better
choreographed and you can you can follow
it's not like you know some robot at
night it's not just it's not that that's
stupid cliche wears black on black you
know darkly lit environment with [ __ ]
with [ __ ] covering the frame the entire
time that way you can barely see it's
only implied action happening you don't
get to see explicit actually happening
you see you see bumblebee like punch and
and [ __ ] [ __ ] up and get [ __ ] up as
well and it's rough if you're into like
you know that that CGI porn of like two
things fighting and looking really
really lit and having the sound editing
carry the impact of the fights then you
you you
will not be let down by my won't be in
that regard much more so here than any
other T film so but my point here is
that both films didn't have great
openings they had modest box office
openings because they were both in a
December release which I found kind of
confusing actually like in hindsight do
you deflate somebody did better in a in
a summer release like in the June or
July I don't know anything about the
bumblebee film I don't know if there was
that much promotion done for the
spider-man film but I have a really hard
time because I don't watch TV or
anything maybe there were a ton of outs
then I just didn't see it as much but
yeah yeah I just don't see I don't see
December as a film or as like a release
when you'd want to have like
action-heavy films usually it's like
this is a this is Oscar season this is
like the time for like I don't know a
family [ __ ] Family Values being
reinforced oh [ __ ] like the Grinch I
feel it would blow with like that they
animated the illumination animated a
Grinch film that came out earlier this
year Wood Wood Wood in is destroying a
box office more so than in action have
you film like either of these I think
we've been better in the summer
uh-huh yeah ton of advertising as well
yeah oh you know yeah you know what
you're right I can't
the thing about Aquaman though is that
uh they they did a little bit different
Aquaman got released in China first um
and it leave across 400 million in China
it might or as a 200 million don't know
it made a fuckload in China and then
they brought it over to uh to North
America so I guess my argument may not
be as applicable because uh Aquaman's
not not doing bad but I feel like these
films would've did a lot better
in a July window so I'm just hoping that
they I'm just really hoping that they uh
they don't say oh look these two films
that were really good that I like the
lot are not making a lot of money so we
need to like go back to making shitty
Christmas films and go back to making
the copies can [ __ ] Smurfs the movie
three or whatever the [ __ ] we're gonna
make it Sony Pictures animation
yeah so ya know I'm glad you enjoyed it
bro I enjoy it a lot too so I'm excited
for more to come from from them by the
way if you if you are interested here
the one small nugget here do you stay
for that if you go see spider powers
because of this podcast
stay after the credits there's a really
dope post-grad scene I mean really good
it's a good yeah it's a decent man yeah
and then too
so despite my concern about it not doing
my own box office I if in case you want
to know that they already confirm
there's gonna be a spin-off and a sequel
Greenland so you will see more miles
tales and you will and this the the
spin-offs gonna feature more women there
will be a it's supposed to be a spider
Gwyn silk and Spider Woman all coming
together and a spin-off film all this
all this anime it's da by the way so
cool yeah yeah exciting times ahead here
actually alright do you want to hit up
we can it up a couple questions and then
wrap it up yeah
wrap it up bro yeah it's do that then um
do you want me to bring up once I pop
out to me or you have you guys wanna use
all that you like yourself here I think
the first one is a decent short
discussion what's your stance on sellout
stance aka sponsored atlas streams when
is greedy too greedy mmm okay so I need
you to talk a little more about that
okay so I know that Atlas atlas came out
and it's a contender for a worst game of
2018 because holy [ __ ] but I didn't know
that was being sponsored do we do we
know more about this actually
umm wait what do you mean know more
about like how about it is or the
sponsorships of people being paid or
something like I think we're just being
paid to stream it for some number of
hours whatever their lot of people they
got offers to do it okay
but apparently some people were like
really upset about this I think women
had a clip that was posted where you
said that people a lot of people team is
like a luma doesn't actually think this
is that Clippers out of context but
MooMoo is basically saying that
streamers are make a lot of money
shouldn't be taking sponsorships for
playing games or whatever but yeah mmm
okay so sponsored streams
I mean I'm indifferent I mean like it's
your stream do whatever [ __ ] you want to
do as long as you're disclosing that
sponsor I don't see why you should be
mad I mean I guess what your people are
okay so people are mad because you're
seeing what's obviously a game that has
a horseshit like alpha release and to
like early product shenanigans is
typical typical like modern gaming would
I'm getting a lot of reception and it's
kind of like cheating the effort
required to make a good game by just
like doubling down the marketing of said
game I think the problem there is not
that that this behavior is happening but
more so that the discoverability ones
which is bad so you're seeing a shitty
bad game win and get easy publicity but
I just [ __ ] on the money of the
problem rather than making a good game
sure so someone in chat is saying and I
see the sentiment a lot people because
the same people who showed on it turned
around and played it when they were
sponsored and pretended to magically
like it so here's just a couple of
industry related things that I know
about and I'm pretty sure it's probably
true for this I didn't see the
particular Atlas deal so I could be
incorrect about this but the industry
norm now as far as I'm aware somebody
that's seen several dozen of these deals
is that you are typically implored to
give your honest feedback without being
unreasonably rude about the product so
now that's those are the contracts that
I've seen it's possible that for Atlas
it was different the industry used to be
a lot different six or seven years ago
but these days typically when you when
you're when you're fed these activations
is what we call them is when you get a
particular deal to play a game for a
certain amount of time when you're fed
these applications or I'm sorry when
you've had these app activations to do
typically as part of it you know you
have to disclose your advertising it but
you also have to give your honest
feedback so if people were saying they
liked it I would imagine they actually
did unless they signed something
different but yeah yeah so yet my sports
or stance on it I'm indifferent it's
being disclosed more about
discoverability and cheating system than
anything else so with twitch fix their
[ __ ] then it won't be so bad yeah real
quick someone said why should someone
disclose that they're being sponsored to
stream a game
I think the FCC generally requires it
that's boring from a moral or ethical
perspective though you should probably
disclose me being sponsored by something
because it'll make people be a little
bit more critical of the product you're
promoting so for instance if I tell you
that I liked Sennheiser headphones you
know that I like sometimes your
headphones because I have no reason
otherwise but when I tell you that I
like my blue microphone and I'll stay
I'm sponsored by blue maybe it'll make
you look a little bit more critically
well hold on does he really like that
microphone is it because he's being paid
to like that microphone so yeah right
yeah yeah weakens your Wordle ultimately
think it's discovered otherwise
uh-huh
and then uh when is greedy to greedy hmm
well I feel like that your your your
viewer audience will naturally course
cry through anyway if you if you if you
shell out - I don't know atlas back into
some mobile game stuff back into if
you're not too mobile game [ __ ] you know
back and some like pay-to-win random-ass
china mobile mobile game stuff then your
audience will eventually catch on you're
probably not
you're being disingenuous and you're
letting like the I guess the Paycheck or
whatever lucrative benefits are coming
to you financially uh-huh um carry you
over any other they're gonna tap out I
feel like you you you can't just do you
you can't be too greedy and still have a
view count that makes it worth getting
these deals for so yeah or something the
long run so I don't think it's really I
think you can be too greedy there but I
mean like if you want to make money
doing something like people are saying
so to comments talk about moon moons
point the fact that trotta's 40k sobs
making a hundred K plus a month only
unsub's to take in sponsored streams on
games to create even more income or when
you have 50 K subs and do ten hours when
streams like if you're making a lot of
money why wouldn't you want to make more
money I don't understand I mean like as
a person you should always be gearing up
towards having money stay for retirement
anyway and then you've got children you
know money that you could possibly pass
on to them as well it's very weird that
some people think that like once you're
making a certain amount of money you'd
never want to make any more money I
don't know that's I mean if you have the
ability to make a lot more why wouldn't
you I don't know not only that but the
not it's not even about like a
pathetically here I've shroud has like
quote-unquote too much money I'm
boarding to whatever scale but they're
gonna throw out there it's arbitrary
it's more that perhaps CDs I'm the one
who like he was approached to do it like
advertisers see that he has that view
count clout and then they want to put
their eyes they want to use that as an
opportunity to benefit them through
advertising or through native immersion
of a product being consumed by the
shroud uh-huh you know you know if it's
if it's me playing Atlas it's like
whatever but if it's shrap if it's the
shroud playing Atlas it's a whole
different thing uh-huh
you know it's bigger than that so it
could be that to you know you know I
mean you know hypothetically there could
be like you know hey we we love free to
play it and then they they work really
hard they follow up with emails that
convince him that they really wanted to
do it like how bad they really want it
no it's a hypothetical here obviously
but yeah I think people like demonize
the [ __ ] out of making money doing
anything
so I mean I don't know yeah
I think it's I think that's a possibly
tied to the the fact that our our
careers are new you know streaming is
very much like you know we're still in
decade one of an existing I would say
and you know cuz I do do is there is
there the same stigma whenever like
Justin Timberlake is on the cover is
like you know
yeah when like some NBA guys gets like a
new [ __ ] Nike or some sponsorship or
whatever like yeah I don't know it's
kind of weird I think well it's not
weird I mean I should spend more time
thinking about this before give my
opinion but like maybe like with
streamers it's very different because
you kind of like you get a more personal
relationship with a streamer and you'd
like to think of them as more of a
person at a business so the idea that
they were like promote a product feels
very it feels like they're taking
advantage of the kind of special
relationship that you cultivate if
you're kind of like looking into that so
that might be subconsciously I guess I
see subconsciously where like people not
really think about it that might be a
reason why people get upset maybe ya
know yeah maybe I think I think I'll get
better with time though I think it's
like best streaming matures on because
I'm thinking back to like can we go back
like 2012 I remember remember when like
selling out was considered a thing like
when oh really like you were called to
sell out for like whatever reasons back
in like early twitch meta like I could
make back here to whenever having like
like sub notifications or any kind of
like like what's now meta to show
affection for any kind of like support
monetary donation subscribing or
whatever and it used to be considered
like you know it's ruining from the
immersion of you streaming and I don't
like that like I watch you to watch you
know I don't watch you the to give a
give a given an electronic [ __ ] to
everyone enjoy a five seconds sure yeah
yeah some of those games that do that
are pretty insane they're like thinking
stuffs like constantly their work um I
don't know people do it anymore but I
remember turning in a couple in life but
holy [ __ ] yeah there's so much something
he drove me [ __ ] crazy okay so we
covered that one year was a what was the
second-highest one here um just going
through now another another question
some here asked about Malusi can already
covered that one earlier
yep
um do you so once you're asked about
Apollo of defending why do I have to
watch this actually might be one better
for me to do on my own in here because I
have to like I have to watch that video
to see that one further here oh you know
here's one this one's like so shallow
and basically I think it's like it's a
goodie here what are your new year's new
universal New Year's resolutions um I
don't really do that so I don't have any
why what do you know solutions go hit us
up that'll be our that'll be our address
Opik hit us up what are your new year's
resolutions uh uh oh man I thought you
had some because I didn't really I
haven't actually given any thought yet
like in 20 in 2012 13 and 14 I actually
did like New Year's resolution tweets
where I would like not really like I had
a resolution to start doing active on
January 1st because I am I - and not a
fan of the I'm gonna be I'm gonna do
action cuz of arbitrary time X rabbit
and you know that's not that's not true
goal goal-setting mentality at all you
should like really work on that way
sooner or each be working I shouldn't
you shouldn't like an occurrence of some
random date justify and dictate when
you're gonna be a goal like a goal
oriented person uh-huh like I say like
people who want to like work out on the
new year it's like to me is like a I
don't want to [ __ ] on it but it's like I
feel like people who wait until then to
give a [ __ ] about health are their
desserts in the meta of like the like
meta of meta consciousness and because
I'm people are talking about it you
didn't give a [ __ ] about it
it's like so you just kind of fallen
everyone else does at that point yeah
but like you know you help is always
forever so you should you should if you
want to take working on seriously you
could you could do that really whenever
and not let it be like the not fall into
the the the sheep thinking of like
letting it be a January first thing that
you completely tap out on before
February first
yeah so um so yeah I'm not a big fan of
like doing real things of that but I do
enjoy the idea of of going back and
having a retrospective on your on what
you did in the in the past year and what
you could do to move forward throughout
the rest of your next year
I do like that and I always come back
and I say that um every year I'm doing
better on being a better fuller person I
used to be dude I used to be um not to
make it I'm sorry making so handle right
now but I used to be a one-game person I
only played only played one game if
she's Island and then I became only
played one game Mario maker and then and
then when you saw throughout then in
2017 was I took risks I actually played
I had never played a Zelda before I
never played a puzzle game before I had
never tape or ttle before I never played
Dark Souls before I never played like
any modern game for the most part before
I got mine at my Nintendo safe bubble
and I did a lot of really new
experiences I had never done podcasting
in any kind of fashion until 2017 with
Greek led to train and then led to me
and you all like like podcasting is
completely foreign to me prior to 2017
even idea and I've been true since 2011
so yeah every year I've been doing a
more and more new and ambitious [ __ ]
getting further out of my comfort zone
and and just growing as a person I used
to be strictly like a speed runner and
then now it's like I'm now trihex the
person and that feels really good and
that is reinforced through the decisions
I've made throughout 2018 so so for my
resolution I guess in 2019 would be to
uh to bring it all together and really
and just be the best person be the best
makin bean B tracks to full potential in
a given time which which really comes
directly by getting my [ __ ] together on
the stream back in I don't know I know
how how you handle it yourself here
personally but I uh
I tend to over stream and that I have so
much guilt tethered to when I don't
stream I could be streaming that I
rarely take the the a posting myself two
days off a week not even because if I
want time off but because opposed to
like you know do background errands like
communication I I never follow up on
emails or anything like that cuz I'm so
bad with that and always say you know uh
I could do emails right now but [ __ ] I
need to I want to stream though and
upstream in a day so I need to that's
the thing I didn't work on need to work
on putting in more more me time to work
on streaming with direction like
streaming just a stream
one thing but if I like put as much work
as I do when I'm streaming as when I'm
not streaming then mushrooms to have a
grander purpose and I'd be a I think I'd
be better at my own potential cool
I think insofar as that goes the one
piece of advice I guess I would give is
um finding people to work on stuff for
you is so [ __ ] important one thing
that there's like one of the biggest
life lessons that I've had to learn is
it we think that micromanaging things is
a strong point when people when people
say things like so here's like common
statements that sound really good but
they're actually so bad when people say
things like if I'm involved with
something I want to be able to look at
all of it to make sure it's perfect
or I want to be able to I want to have a
lot of control over something so that
it's only my product so that only like
the best of the best is Maya Bob Loblaw
these seem like statements that are
really good but the reality is that what
happens is you never actually get
anything done because you just don't
have the time to do it especially being
a streamer you can't being able to feel
comfortable giving up the reins on some
projects and then handing that over to
other people is so [ __ ] important for
your growth it's helped me so much the
last year it's easily it's easily the
number one thing that I improved on and
as a result it's allowed me to branch
out and do so many different things it's
allowed me to do this podcast it's
allowed me to do DND it's led to the
massive growth of my youtube channel the
fact that I have an Instagram with
20,000 followers now like it's helped me
do so much stuff to be able to give
projects to other people and in trust
they'll do it and then pay them for it
and I'll be able to focus on what I
excel at which is streaming yeah that's
like a huge huge huge thing you have to
learn basically you learn this I guess
kind of if you do like management and
restaurants or whatever but it's the
idea that at some point you need to be
able to delegate tasks and that's like
the the effective like businessman or
leader that's like you're you're huge
area of growth is like learning how to
effectively delegate things rather than
learning how to do every single job you
know yeah no definitely to work on that
for sure uh-huh
but yeah that's a that's the resolution
for you man I'm gonna I want to do I
also want to do better on working out
man I always feel like I always feel
like working out is in it's in
competition or opposition of streaming a
lot look at all the big streamers they
just like all like you know I flipped
what they do they just wake up in no
life all day long like they wake up go
live and figure out what I'm eating as I
go or because that's tempting right the
whole idea that you could uh you know if
you're a streamer your most valuable
asset
is time so therefore [ __ ] it delegate
everything else to dougie anything that
involves time and pay for it's not cost
you time so therefore go live ASAP order
delivery two or three times that day
smash it on stream and keep streaming
and yeah don't like a big lift like in
the morning and then streaming for ten
hours and not eating is probably not the
best thing for recovery if you're like
if you do if you're doing like the
streamer bro life but you're also trying
to like effectively like managers yum
time as well yeah yeah yeah yeah so I
just feel like Jim is a I keep coming
back to the idea that Jim is an
expensive want and that I need to
requires you know meal prep and even
eating continuously and responsibly
alongside school in the gym yeah and and
then adding in the cardio to make it all
work out cuz streaming is a very
sanitary lifestyle thing so I want to do
I want to do better on that whenever I
was like caked up hardcore in 2017 when
I was like 205 like looking looking
thick looking good and [ __ ] mm-hmm that
was me working out four times a week and
I feel like I wasn't I was not streaming
i blatantly prioritized working out more
so than streaming and I thought that
wasn't really that's not really a good
thing
long term I need to like I need to make
it better on the balance so I want to
work on perfecting that further and just
like being super time disciplined on
that I'm pretty pretty team on that one
sure yeah do you do you feel like you
move pretty efficiently through your
workouts you think you waste a lot of
time like downtime like browsing reddit
and [ __ ] or do you feel like once you're
in the gym you're like pretty efficient
from going from start to finish I think
I'm pretty efficient I like all I do is
a three times a week eight exercises
including a half mile jog with a with a
fifteen minute cardio cooldown usually
would involve rowing I can get the whole
thing done and maybe maybe two hours
excluding time going to and from gym
just buy another like 30 minutes cool
okay so but when you break that down
though it's like you know that that in
its entirety is a if you include like
the the meals [ __ ] to it might be like a
three to four hour gap of my day that's
gonna be gone to working out mm-hmm that
could have been live like way sooner so
yeah till like 6:00 when I could be my I
get to one thing that sucks is that like
the hours the way that the hour
work in a day can be really shitty so
like if you wake up at like let's see
you wake up kind of late at like noon
and then you have to work out and stream
like if you stream you can probably
start streaming at like noon 30 and
stream for like 8 or 9 or 10 hours which
is fine but if you decide you want to go
to the gym and you wake up at noon and
maybe you don't go to like one or two
and then you work out for two hours you
get home it's like 5 or 6 it doesn't
really feel good to stream for like 3 or
4 hours because like you kind of like
cut your day in half so much it feels
like you don't have enough time to
actually like yeah yeah yeah I've been
thinking about that too actually I I
tried for a little bit to do gym at
night I actually can remember why I
stopped doing that honestly but uh I do
I I'm kind of the person but maybe you
can help me out here actually good or
maybe you could help us when there's a
closing point about this whole thing are
you the kind of person who wants that
like who wants to stream after doing all
their errands in a day where you can
then stream unrestricted and not have to
give a [ __ ] about anything else or you
are you the person where you want to you
want to stream ASAP get your whatever
minimum amount to feel good about
yourself 6 to 8 hours in and then go do
[ __ ] on you know unrestricted afterward
like your your me time is not sure I
mean normally in the past I would just
like to stream until I'm tired
so stream and then go to sleep
afterwards pretty much so like having to
cut the stream and do errands kind of
sucks but if I have other things to do I
noticed like if I've got another stream
to watch or somebody to talk to
sometimes it's easier to turn off my
stream early and chat with them while
doing emails I think in general when I
think of how to prioritize my stream
though I try to look at hours in the day
so like starting near the midday is
typically better and like streaming past
like 1:00 a.m. is kind of dumb because
I'm losing like almost all of my
European audience and everything so I
try to look more around like the hours
I'm streaming rather than like do I want
to do it before errands or after errands
but I mean in general I think the idea
of like getting all your errands done
and then streaming probably feels better
than streaming first knowing that you
have errands to do yeah yeah that's what
I bet it dropped it for a while now so
yeah yeah I'm gonna try out more things
to find the right balance for sure
mm-hmm happy my resolution if I had to
give it one it's always been an act the
resolution but you know sure that's much
119 one just get better at it yeah yeah
alright well hey I think
I think that's pretty much all we got
for now we've got a couple good reddit
questions we hammered thorough topics
we're doing this next week right I think
will be probably starting a little bit
earlier next week I'll be subtle yeah
what yeah we'll be on time I'm sorry I
uh I I was tardy because of the the New
Year's New Year's Day I went a little
ham on the stream and I the sleep cops
be a little bit right there
yeah that's fine okay well hey cool it's
been fun
I'll catch absolu next week I don't
think I've got a guest plan for next
week but we've got there are a couple
we're like there's like a list of guests
that we can start working into but we'll
probably start doing that probably not
next week with the week after
we'll start having guests Thank You
tracks for joining me give any final
shout outs anything you want to promote
to the people while you're here well as
always if there was any topics here you
guys didn't want to wanted me to cover
particularly I will be throwing down
that the the after party on my own
stream also uh I've figured out here now
your boys your boys cannot get enough of
me reacting for your to your to your
debates yeah they do that also yeah
they're eating enough food so I figured
out you know I'm not gonna I'll make it
a special event now so we got destiny
debate reaction Wednesday so if you want
to come through and I'm gonna watch like
whatever you guys go for all I'll sit
through would check it out while I play
some high skill Mario so if you wanna
come through for that today that'd be
that'd be the thing to do cool but you
know as always man um you know I'm come
through and check me out I'll be I'm uh
right now I'm grinding through Smash
Brothers trying to get good on that I do
plan to enter a big tournament in
February so hopefully I can not get
washed and pools on that alongside uh
DDR with the full body camera so you're
gonna if you want to see DDR today you
can uh vote for that today as well I'm
here to cater to all of you boys
so I'm if you think Atlas is selling out
I'm about to sell it's so hard on y'all
right now so come through damn well hey
I'm destiny thanks a lot for joining me
the podcast trihex the thing I'm
promoting right now I guess is if you go
to I think it's destiny dad ug / shirt
I'm pretty sure we have a new shirt
listed we should are we were supposed to
oh [ __ ] but it's not here right now way
to go especially little stream way to go
mr. mood they're supposed to be the
thing here but there's not right now but
okay sorry nevermind but anyway check
out my virgin
Oh Gigi slash shirt and yeah I love you
guys I'll be hosting try/except to this
we'll catch you next week probably no
guest but yeah we'll be here
stay tuned yeah alright there we go
