oh these guys have been telling me all
day guys white schmekel shut the [ __ ] up
destiny states about me all day what the
[ __ ] we were talking what I'm saying is
you [ __ ] little [ __ ] I'm saying is
one of you send him the [ __ ] link
same rules as the [ __ ] kumite if you
talked about you're invited send them a
link I don't think I can do this guy's
unknown I guess you do it you've been
placed in timeout by the owner wait
actually can anyone do it or is James
open I'm not sure if anyone actually can
send them Oh like I'm supposed to
destiny I'm six foot two and a half
[ __ ] I'm I mean I'm female so
the tiny [ __ ] person that I am who's
the kind of [ __ ] this guy is
definitely bigger than me if you know
what I mean guys god dammit Bruni yeah
no [ __ ] off you give up many wrenches
away no they want to flag the [ __ ] out
of me I have no they [ __ ] everything
is it omni destiny on twitter or stephen
Barnell yeah yeah stephen Bonnell yeah
okay okay I will send in the link how's
that sound
should we just call it malinka and you
should abandon all hope of serious
people he was supposed to ever
[ __ ] don't post again I'll give me five
dollars super Chester of America Phoenix
what's up cuz sorry I'm late it's been a
dangerous drive tonight
well I'm sorry subscribe before the mean
we you know listen up if you're a
left-leaning fan if I got a liberal fan
in here tonight go to sleep
all right close your eyes drift off into
the great beyond okay barely any [ __ ]
area there we go yeah you guys been
talking about me for like 12 hours
non-stop what's up we were talking about
[ __ ] women somebody links one of
those games you guys are talking about
me so much so much will you become six
feet toasty I'm glad I got enough
content did you become 6 feet tall stay
up here I would like to thank you
destiny you have my son glad I can
energize negotiated you give people lots
of content people like to make stuff
about funny little [ __ ] like
you so we talk two days ago actually I
went to Russia and I got the surgery
just so I could be taller than you
talking man
oh well good I'm 6 foot 2 so stuff oh oh
I'm actually six foot five now so learn
and I got a better Benz than you - I got
the upgraded model of whatever you have
I know but I watch out if you see me
drink you make a hell of a lot more
money than I do
Sadie so you probably only own a camera
right yeah sir I actually lost my my
headphone there did you say okay yeah
okay is there any chance that you could
turn that on I know Tonkawa I just like
to do a little experiment with with you
and week I'm sorry what did somebody say
earlier he didn't have a Benz what did
they make they make more than one kind
of car is that the only thing that they
make
wait you know that uh mercedes-benz is
like Mercedes makes more than advance
wait what other Mercedes you know yes or
no does my studies make more than a Benz
Steve I've always heard him called
Mercedes fence what else do they make
tonka trucks do Mercedes make more than
a bins Tonka trucks what else do they
make I asked you questions I'm asking
you Tonka trucks tell me you ask a lot
of questions taka you have never
answered a quest a brand is called
mercedes-benz Tonka trucks we want me to
say all right what else you got in here
I don't want to [ __ ] on talk I already
did that like a ton so what else do you
guys know there's something real quick
just so you know that like a Benz isn't
that's not like a model of car like the
neighbors that was the makest
mercedes-benz it's the name of the
company oh [ __ ] he's good he's good glad
you oh [ __ ] okay no Tonka is the name of
it come well no but I wouldn't know why
the other why the car no but she but the
the other chick in here was the one that
should had called me out in it why would
you do that vamper and because she's not
in the cars and [ __ ] we were talking
about other [ __ ] you know you're into
cars and [ __ ] tell me what other kind of
Mercedes besides Mercedes Benz there are
if you're all into cars and [ __ ] Steven
what is do you know what model of cars
that Mercedes makes you said it is just
a Benz
what is just a Benz then Steve a bands
is a mercedes-benz
to be fairly so that's the model car you
have know that just like Ford is not a
model Dodge is not a model nobody know
you came in and you said that you had a
little wagon it's not a model so let's
let's hear that since you have come I
said what you talk about the most
nebulous [ __ ] in the world my niblets
[ __ ] you try to correct me and [ __ ] that
you're wrong can you [ __ ] pronounce
it you little [ __ ] that Nebu nebulous
are you okay Tonka trucks goddamn duty
you'll have your meds again
you sound so mad it's okay dude
mercedes-benz is a make a car it's not a
model it's alright I correct did you
want it you won't make that mistake
again in the future so you want to sound
any dumber than you have to buddy what
else we talking about here tonight guys
well Tonka truck guess his mom does
Google whatever he needs to do so he
could figure out what the [ __ ] he's
talking about the whole dog thing oh
yeah I misheard you I've been dealing
with the [ __ ] that you pulled
earlier oh [ __ ] did I Doc's you too
I talks like 20 people today so you
might have been caught in the crossfire
I'm sorry buddy no I've been dealing
with the aftermath of you Daxing him Oh
are you like his agent are you his mom
oh yeah I'm totally sure Stevie I'm his
mom
what what are you like his agent or
something will you like a circus manager
what that's the chick what gets his dick
Steve yeah mm-hmm oh well that's cute
what's up dude until with the [ __ ]
that you pulled it's been going great
yeah you should try like turning off the
internet sometime if it gets to be too
much for you buddy yeah it's a you mean
like when you threatened to kill little
kids because I did more than threaten it
you just haven't found out about it yet
Tonka trucks Steve oh yeah I've heard
about this a lot what was the actual
situation basic yeah you know games and
this kid started calling me a bad word
in the game
so [ __ ] Majid I thought I was gonna
find my [ __ ] kill him and I've got
friends that work in the NSA so they
were able to mine the information from a
database and I found this dude's address
and I did stuff that I can't talk about
cuz I'll get in trouble with the FBI I
want to get like no-fly lists or
whatever but like when you shared
picture of more than that Tonka trucks
oh there were satellites there were
there were gold and ice okay there was a
lot of [ __ ] that went down that I'm I
can't talk about it cuz Jesus it's just
it's crazy I'm really glad that you're
two now how many fifteen year olds in
bikinis were involved in this whole set
more than I can even more than I can
even count do it I can't I just can't
get into it right now I'm not at liberty
to discuss it
Wado it was like government-related how
many of them did how many how many of
these 15 year-olds and bikinis to do
think we're hot I don't know man I can't
I just can't get into it right now it's
I'm not I'm not privileged to share that
infrared Guler amounts yeah well yeah
we'll say a regular amount okay what
about you guys what have you guys been
talking about tonight you said you were
dealing with aftermath miss Tonka trucks
what kind of aftermath were you dealing
with let's see here people just
spreading it around because you think
it's perfectly all right Wow
damn that's people spreading it around
must be really hard when I was like when
they spread around you're really tiny
dick is [ __ ] ridiculously tiny like it
was covered up by a half a pixel
girlfriend over what do you say you
stick is publicly available so that
means it's something that's okay to
share right Steve everything I have has
been shared I'm sorry but so you the
pictures you little dick out there those
are fine to share you yeah not good here
okay
anyway this is my life welcome to my
life for the past like six years I'm
glad you guys are finally uh you don't
have a live Steve you play video games
on the internet
oh then why do I bother you so much taco
trucks you don't bother me you everybody
know you're a circus performer though
they thought you were an actual fighter
I see the honest with all four people in
there watching dude your champion belt
came from a gonna lie about where I'm a
fighter brain ship belt came from a
department but that's okay man I'm an
entertainer to talk over you're an
entertainer along I'm a [ __ ] your
comment taco trucks that's what I'm
gonna give my awesome I'm glad that I
can really know music oh he's on my
level it's awesome dude what's it like
being an entertainer I don't think he
understands that he's muted Stevens a
[ __ ] lame I spent a lot of things you
muted me impressive we had a lot of
super chats yeah they can build up
schmeckle 'he's got a special hated me
for those good it may be a much more
useful thing to read than the listings
in this guy hey white people you're
muting me what the [ __ ] I thought this
is freedom of speech oh my god the same
thing cumin yeah didn't you say say
rules is cool but as soon as I came on
here constrain the rule of okay not
gonna answer any [ __ ] questions and
you're oh you're gonna tell me the
difference trainer Mercedes and it bends
I'm still waiting for that by the way
Steven are people able to be more than
one thing in their life
I know I wanted no it's funny it's
legitimate my battery wrestler you're
never a fighter dude comfortable with
that body and my dog 21 I said with no
bench what do you squat what you
deadlift come on Tonka trucks you're not
a fighter
okay your wrestling names out there
after the stream and I see these movies
no no no you got it
you should check it out dude just go
google it man Google's name that's all
on you do you know I'm not gonna leave I
just want to see you beat gets why
you're not gonna see me beat people up
in the movies you're not gonna see
anybody anywhere else for you in movies
for them plenty yes yeah I did a bunch
of stuff work in movies and had like two
or three appearances internship movies
damn like that like the and eyr ski film
er what I'm curious that I'm working on
right now I don't give a [ __ ] man I know
you don't you still impatient yet
[ __ ] February Karen that's when you
get the January money wait did they make
me again
also Steve give me again in case you
haven't figured that one out
I'm not staring at the [ __ ] window to
see when somebody's gonna get like a
spand about like me talking I don't want
you cry taka I'm not the one who cried
about your talk is talk to talk to taka
taka
I want to see Stevens attempt at making
talker cry look at him go right now what
you what you feel you when you put your
friend I was a whiny [ __ ] in the stream
before this slide I'm little bit you
guys are the ones that you slam the mood
on my microphone cuz you guys are so
[ __ ] mad you're in here little ass
I've been doing boy
guys I'm Stephen bottle and I am I have
nothing to do in my time but in French
14 year-olds and share fifteen-year-old
little girls pictures in my chat and
threaten little kids because they don't
respect my video games holy [ __ ] that's
really good did you guys do
impersonations as part of your circus
performing wait can you tell me as long
as he doesn't post any pictures of
minors Steve you're in charge you got
the floor I just want to know what the
difference is between a Mercedes and a
Benz that's what I want to know can
somebody answer this question I asked
you what kind you got
what kind of G gift you said you got one
better than me what'd you get that's
what I always buy my CDs I know you're
being sued and about to lose a lot of
money I want buy Mercedes and I'm not
gonna be sued by you can you tell me
what the difference is between a
Mercedes have been I want to know killed
himself okay my friend killed so you
guys should feel bad for me I'm five
foot three guys don't let the big name
wrestler fighter come after me don't let
a pro wrestler not fighter don't call
yourself a fighter Tommy you want to be
a liar you don't to be alive he did MMA
you [ __ ] were the early years of the
MMA done under different names Oh names
do you have my name you have my wrist do
you know remember remember when taco was
trying to say that those pictures
forever in his 20s that interview was
dated for 2013 how funny is that but
maybe you got real big and like just
like the past couple years I don't know
maybe do you think the picture of me and
the blue three years old it's about
three years old on the picture of me and
enhance they never use a picture from
ten years ago
no not generally no they don't
about creating an athlete though so it's
possible that they didn't at that time
is about three if they interview Tyson
right now how they're gonna just use
pictures of Tyson right now they're not
gonna use ones from ten years ago but it
might be different for you there might
be a big probably doable yeah used are
we gonna scoop until I'm first
performers I'm gonna use are it's like
pretty old yeah they would use [ __ ]
pictures of Mike Tyson from this past
alright shakka though you're muted again
and also that was when was that he said
2013 so how many years ago would it be
at that point just a few 2013 I don't
know like three or four years ago okay
so how all right hey hey when they talk
about you they never bring up pictures
from your past I don't know I'm not an
athlete or a circus performer so I might
know a more forward don't go don't you
complain that people bring up things
from [ __ ] five years ago no of course
that I love it dude I love talking about
my past that's all we do here it's what
you guys been doing for like the past 12
hours right it's great no that's weird
cuz every time I get linked to this
strain which is like you guys been
talking about me non-stop we weren't
even talking about you when you came in
and said we were talking about you you
[ __ ] around with the OBS layout oh
well hey if you guys need any help I've
been a pro streamer for the past eight
years we about give you some pointers
you've impressed a lot of 14-year olds
thanks talk I try I made more than your
entire eSports I seriously doubt that
taco trucks no we went ahead and show
everybody your winnings for me sports
competitor Tonka I miss are you were
though no you were crowd stream record
dollars Tonka the difference is if you
go sir can you look at what I've done
I don't have four people in the audience
to a Kumar probably my parents watching
you go ahead in the way where we can see
his winnings just so that we know that
yesterday on the kumite I made more than
he made in his entire alleged eSports
career
it's Adorno whoa what the what the [ __ ]
are you eSports Todd control King
Starcraft
I don't do eSports Tonka trucks I make
my children in your gaming oh one second
Tonka did meet you again Steve you gotta
unmute could you tell him to trigger to
muting me because he just wants to sit
here and tell like what we ate too much
Steve Tonka please chill I know you're
getting really triggered how much money
of you me probably a thousand bucks I
don't know that we can show it we have
the we have to fight oh I know I was
never again Jesus [ __ ] all right if he
made some again emerson tag off which is
cool that's what you wanna do i can
leave
I made a Tonka I know I know that I've
upset you a lot my dude I hope you get
over to you later sir eagle I'll see you
they know that I know that I really get
you Tonka I'm glad I see you down the
line should we go you're the first guy
you're the first I never really pissed
off Tonka I'll see you down fun buddy
okay I had fun [ __ ] his family got ducks
that's a pretty shitty individual [ __ ]
about that goofy little [ __ ]
he wants the pertaining matters let him
but now I can that's why he's over in
this dream and nobody's ever over in his
streams that are over the age of [ __ ]
16
good thing he qualified that there
because I have like three five times as
many viewers the adults 200 [ __ ]
viewers
I'll be right back cancer yikes
Samar's isn't trash of course have you
noticed any butts yet yeah yeah I just
haven't post them yet I've been a little
distracted with all this nonsense about
destiny
I wanted to say that I've seen destiny
and many debates with like Sargon all
that stuff for healing he doesn't
usually go full I'm weird just say it
right now he doesn't go full [ __ ]
until after he's been like trying the
upset or at least so this is hidden came
full on wouldn't let people talk kept
talk to little for people and sets about
with nonsense well yeah he probably
knows that this is what happens when
somebody who's about two feet tall walks
up on somebody going to feet tall and
they wanna pretend they got something I
think ace that he may be aware that he
[ __ ] up big time and he accidentally
said his intent of what he was doing and
he keeps accidentally talking too much
and he [ __ ] it up over lots of money
out from under the little [ __ ] you think
I'm pretty sure best thing is still
listening you still with that not just
asking John was still here
no I think then oh yeah it doesn't still
in the chat I misspoke come on Michael
doesn't like people time and everybody
out don't do it yeah that he probably
doesn't like people daxing people either
whoa
oh he's sent a raid oh is that what's
going on here have a field day on those
boys I just want to know what the answer
is and what part of I misspoke no
chambers chambers
hey chambers you dumbass this is the
time you actually use your wrench
one person is doing their French you
[ __ ] [ __ ] oh this is gonna be fun to
watch so destiny do you you don't send
your you're not streaming this with OBS
or anything and can't do and this isn't
being added so if you send the link out
to let's say one of your your buddies
and hang out when you send them off
somewhere and get someone to come in
here and try to get the stream take it
down similar to what you'll be did it's
not trying to take a stream down damn I
just want to know the dreams to Mercedes
in a Benz okay 150 mm sock David I'm
[ __ ] can't be back again Oh get me
Beckett he lied about his height
oh no but I know anything more about
this person okay that's not what we I
got one more question you want a bad
thing that someone sprayed your dog's
person yes or no talk I got a question
for you buddy it for me or for Tonka I
wanted to ask him about something a lie
that he told I want to ask about a lie
