none of your business you don't [ __ ]
even own a rifle oh my god I mean she's
never shot before either I guarantee you
crack she's never [ __ ] hell - [ __ ]
under life hello hey what's up nothing
might tell you I'm doing great okay what
are we what are we talking about again
we are going to talk about police
brutality police and everything dealing
with a black community with that with
that in mind okay I'm talking about
police brutality okay yeah I don't think
you remember me so do you mind if I give
you a little rundown of who I am because
you know when you all hear about a
right-winger you assume that I'm like
that have a Candace Owens and/or Anthony
I love the Ku Klux Klan because they
gave my grandmammy and grandpapa cream
and gifts um you know I don't I'm
nothing like them and so okay oh wait
real quick I'm not sure if you notice
that but I'm like I'm streaming out to
right you know that you're aware that
yeah yeah so I am an independent right
winger and you know I I did like Trump
in a bit just just for the record you
know I'm not a mega Cultus I didn't take
Trump's president seriously
I hate Hillary Clinton and so as of
right now when I used to support
President Trump you know I was thinking
that oh man he's really gonna come
through for us and after a while I
realized that he's not a Republican at
all you know he's more of a Democrat
than anything and he brought a bunch of
libertarians and Bernie bros with him
and they just completely just saturated
the right and it doesn't even I even
that's what made me go independent so
there's in a Republican absolutely not
wait so I'm really curious on what major
policy points does Trump break from
Republican on right now tell me that
name me one Republican president that's
all about gun control
president okay
Trump has signed the bumpstop ban which
allowed the ATF to redefine what the
bump stock is instead of it being an
accessory it decided to be a rifle that
is unconstitutional and he is very very
Pro red flags I'm that right there just
talking about it makes me very angry
when he's talking about red flag gun law
confiscation and then he's talking about
some [ __ ] with the rude comments
it's background checks and intelligent
background check what the [ __ ] does that
mean and it's like and then when when
they had a mass shooter up there in
Virginia he the mass shooter was used a
suppressor which some of you all may
know it's a silencer and then an [ __ ]
some of them well I don't like
suppressors either we should think about
banning suppressors and I'm like this
man has done more against my gun rights
my Second Amendment then Clinton and
Obama put together that's just one let
me give you another one he's signed to
omnibus bill are you familiar with that
that happened on February 2 15-day wait
can we go through these one at a time
mr. Lee yes sure laying out a million
points so firstly the BOM stock ban is
like such an incredibly niche part of
the gun market that it's not really
relevant so what so what
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry okay so you
presented the argument as like Trump is
all about anti-gun stuff or whatever yes
the first point of evidence you've
brought me is banning one of the most
niche accessory I didn't even know what
a bump stock was until the loss of Vegas
stuff happened this is a super niche
accessory that not many people know or
care about like it's like a fun thing to
have on a gun and it's kind of fun but
it's you're not like really impacting
guns at all okay
yes it does because okay first of all
just for transparency I don't and when
they're not use a bump stock because
it's it's it's not accurate you can't
shoot accurately with those things on
okay when you're on the side of your
rifle
you can't shoot why bump stock on no you
cannot you can shoot pretty accurately
the bumps
you cannot have you done it you can see
people do it yeah it's not that hard
wait am i way to excuse me have you done
it me personally no then you can't speak
from experience
have you been president before oh well
then you can't say anything about the
whole conversation I shot I own rifles I
own God's great I am rifles and I own
guns taillights I'd be a trigger I I'm
not shy right now you're though I've
seen the way really yeah maybe you
structured shooting then I don't know
dude maybe that's on you so my thing is
if I have the experience of shooting a
rifle with with a bump stock on and you
don't which one of us has more
experience about talking about the bump
stop and how accurately it shoots the
bumps are but shut the damn thing so you
know it's you can watch others you saw
somebody do it just because you saw
somebody give a blow job does that mean
you know how to do it so we have this
really great thing in society where we
can learn from other people we don't
have to actually experience everything
okay ourselves in order to know whether
or not something is possible so for
instance when I get into an airplane and
I have a guy lift off and land and
somebody asked me do you know if this
guy knows how to land the plane and I go
yeah I think it probably does why have
you landed a plane before I'm not gonna
make these weird vague like claims to
experience or whatever so based on every
person that I've seen that knows about
guns and has made videos about talking
about bumps talks it seems like they're
fairly accurate quote you would expect a
fully automatic rifle to fire like now
does this mean you're gonna be like
pinging [ __ ] targets at a hundred
yards full auto with a bump stalk no but
you're not doing that on a fully
automatic rifle anyway okay so let's
let's use your this use your airplane
example I don't even think you you've
seen someone Lanta airplane and you're
just assuming it can land but my
question to you is just like this bump
stop being accurate is have you land a
plane before the answer is no no but I
don't have to land a plane how do you
know you do need to know how to shoot a
gun I don't need to how to shoot
accurately did you you're talking like a
lip tar - it's like I know all about
guns
do is put bullets here and push and pull
you know you know I do so many stories
well I'm kidding of rifles do you own
none of your business
you don't [ __ ] even own a rifle oh my
god she's never shot before either I
guarantee you crowd cheers never [ __ ]
held a [ __ ] gun that's not good I
don't give a [ __ ] I don't care about
this right now
I don't care okay so the literally just
made a false accusation against me
saying I'm a liberal that doesn't know
anything about [ __ ] guns what do you
think I am some fun first of all I am
Pro you don't even know [ __ ] about
shooting a rifle when you said I've
never shot one with a bump stop so my
question is is that you never shot a
rifle with a bump stop so how the [ __ ]
would you know if it's accurate or not
because you've seen someone because yeah
because you can listen to other firearm
experts to see what games because you
see someone do it I know but we're not
asking but you are making a false
equivalency after accusing the agreement
if you were to ask me listen if you
would ask me if you would ask me can you
fire a bump stock well because you've
seen other people do it I would say well
no of course not I don't think I can
fire one Lotus and I've seen other
people that wasn't the question the
question was whether or not Bunn stocks
they're relatively accurate they went
yes was with another could shoot
accurately I don't know if I could shoot
accurately a bunch like I've never never
done it that's nothing the question the
question the debate topic is not whether
or not I personally can use a bump stock
to fire a rifle accurately stop man a
bump stock is not accurate you said it
is
I said how the [ __ ] what you know did
you shoot one no did huh then you can't
speak from experience you can't speak
from experience I
do you think do you think a ak-47s are
accurate because if you shot one before
like do you think m16s are accurate have
you shot one before like we could run
this dumb [ __ ] analogy down for
literally anything do you think that a
Corvette is faster than no I have it
well it looks like neither of us could
talk about a case what other things can
we not talk about because we haven't
personally done talking about listen
wait you own an ak-47 a fully automatic
ak-47 the United States I was trying to
give you some background about me but
you got caught on with no Sisley
seriously I'm not lying I was this is
why you made an assumption about me
without even me you started with the
assumptions ok Chile that I have no idea
how to handle guns gee so I've never
touched a gun before I think the bullet
goes here was being pro-gun control I
started with the bump stock man you want
to sit up here and and challenge me
about whether the bump stock is act will
allow the rifle to shoot accurately or
not I said you are a liar it doesn't you
know saying you like well I've seen
people do it I'll say what the [ __ ] does
that mean I actually shot you no one
whit I shot rifles with the bump stock
attached to it and it's not accurate
it's not and then you want to sit up
here and tell me that you know what the
[ __ ] you're talking about because you've
seen someone do it here's why I always
say well do you know how to suck dick
because you see someone do it to you or
say so one question isn't whether or not
I know how to fire a bumps no I said
accurately no you challenged me go
rewind go rewind the video
you said bump stocks shoot accurately I
know I seen someone do it and I called
you a liar I don't even know I already
know that this is not we're not unlike
the same conversational wavelength for
this conversation see here's the thing
which what I have a problem with you
Steven you do make false comparisons and
you you do you you have this ego and you
even admit it that you have this ego
right
that you you're you can't be wrong and I
will say this now this is gonna be a
very unique debate because I want to see
if I show you and prove that you have
done wrong a ditch says something wrong
would you concede and if you're not then
maybe we don't even need could see I am
a fair person if you've seen any of my
debates if I'm proven wrong
I will humble myself and say okay I'm
wrong
I concede but you know saying if you if
you just have to be so right about
everything even when you're wrong and
you just want to play mental gymnastics
in order to cater to your audience then
you know saying you're you're you're the
bad faith debater that you always
complain that the Republicans are okay
so so my question is do you have a
problem being wrong no I'm just I'm
China I got so much [ __ ] going on right
now my personal I'm trying to think if I
really want to put subject myself to the
agony that is going to be a conversation
with you I'm just I'm trying to weigh
the math in my head but I thought you
ahead of time that I was the right
winger and you're also really pushing
emails and you're telling me that I have
an ego right now like would you be
pushing emails you act like you have
Alzheimer's like what who did because
because I have a lot of [ __ ] going on in
your a literal [ __ ] nobody trying to
eat scheduler to pay with me but you can
be you can be you can be like mama if I
you don't have to be my mom don't when
you're shooting me back emails where
it's like are you reading my replies go
back and read all the words I typed in
my recessive and then you come on and
tell me that I have an ego you realize
how nice I'm being by even letting you
onto my show nobody knows who the [ __ ]
you are
I was nice enough to have a conversation
with my Monday after my [ __ ]
twitchcon and here you are your [ __ ]
screaming at me in like [ __ ] five
minutes holy [ __ ] today I said listen
can we do it by Skype I can't do it by
this Court did you go
what oh my god oh my god well I usually
set it you know I don't have time to
read through our entire [ __ ] email
chain for a literal nobody I don't know
what the [ __ ] you are you're a random
okay I don't have time to go back and
read the entire [ __ ] chain see would
your preferred form of communication you
should have never accepted the debate it
doesn't and get your dick out of your
hand suppose I don't know who you are
[ __ ] if you know who I am I not because
you are making a huge demand on my time
I think my mind do you wanna do it I
told you I was a right winger you said
cooties you said Gucci you said all that
[ __ ] and they're not you now you got to
know who you are I don't know you know
[ __ ] if you don't know who I am is a
little bit crazy that you're smelling me
egotistical and you're being so [ __ ]
pushy like even in our communications
I'm still I'm trying to be accommodating
yeah I don't scroll up and read like
[ __ ] all the prior responses like I
said you even today I was like hey are
we gonna check we can who dis quarter
Skype and then after you didn't respond
for a minute I strolled up and I look
it's like oh she said Skype whatever and
then I respond about it's like oh I see
your Skype I'll add you like damn dude
you were like wow it's so [ __ ] rude
holy [ __ ] I don't think I have a reading
comprehension problem but thank you for
your concern no seriously how come I
told you two times and the email that
I'm doing it by Skype and did you reply
to me like you a 95 year old man
suffering from whales do you think I get
a day dude I'm curious how many people
do you think I'm talking to or
responding to in a single day how many
has estimate maybe you should maybe this
is the classic Republican problem you
don't give a [ __ ] you don't give a [ __ ]
about anybody or so because the [ __ ]
world revolves around you to me when I
am talking to you I give you my 100%
attention when you send emails and I
read every word you send every word you
type you on the other hand
I don't know what the [ __ ] you're doing
but the fact is I can tell you do not
read emails because I had to repeat
myself two three four five damn times as
if I'm talking to somebody who suffered
from Alzheimer's
so I mean okay okay there you gotta go
get some [ __ ] or something and we can
reschedule this cuz you just cuz you all
backed up with semen away I don't know
what the [ __ ] going on with you but I
need to know do we need to reschedule
cuz you are on your period or you need
to let it not out what the [ __ ] do you
wanna do
Stephen okay I need you to take a huge
let's just calm it down let's go back to
the very beginning okay we're talking on
skype about conservative issues I think
about gun control right that's why you
Tet said that's the title of my stream
is wait oh it's no no it's about police
okay you I don't want to get education
cuz all the institutions are liberal
bias so that's my your mind is not in it
and I don't want to have to sit up here
and repeat myself it there you go would
you didn't say that and I go I did say
that I mean it's like seriously I have
no problem rescheduling if your head is
not in this I don't know if my head will
ever be in a proper State for this
conversation but you know what if it was
ever going to be in the proper state
it's an ok can I go back to what you
were saying in reference to if you
noticed we got into this little pissed
pissing contest because you said that
you challenged my views on on me
thinking that Trump is not a Republican
but a Democrat in disguise and I began
to give you a list of things he oh yeah
we're gonna start with the pump stock
okay so let's let's move
you think that do you know anything
about the Brady handgun Violence
Prevention Act okay you know that was
like super supported by like Ronald
Reagan would you consider him a
Republican um he didn't sign it didn't
sign it but he definitely came out of
supported he too wrote op eds and [ __ ]
about like why he's for it didn't sign
it I'm all but remember my questions
you know Steven I said name me a
Republican president that has signed and
push for gun control then Trump gotcha
so I've tried to ban or ban bum stocks I
think the professors and why did you
bring up him supporting red flag laws if
he hasn't signed those red flag laws
into so he has signed it because your
side is all on this impeachment trip
which I'm okay for you know sand because
they were supposed to vote on that last
week and they got stuck on the
impeachment train in the impeachment
inquiry that actually impeachment and
I'm sorry I'm sad to say this to you is
that if your side keeps doing what
they're doing not only will you
guarantee Trump to win again by a
landslide but the Republicans will
definitely take the house back the
American people for the most part are
not signing up for the [ __ ] that is
that that Nancy Pelosi is pushing in
reference to impeaching Trump you guys
not you guys not you personally but a
lot of what the Democrats have been
doing has been alienating the American
people in general and I mean you all you
guys already have a lot of infighting on
your side we have some infighting too
but you guys are like ridiculous with it
and so getting back to that you realize
like almost like split the Republican
Party in half right I don't know if you
remember the first year or two of his
presidency all the fighting between here
never have me sit up here and and and
say Trump did not [ __ ] up the Republican
side that's the reason why
the Republican side okay that's the
reason why I used to be a Republican I
left because it looks like you guys it
looks like the left you know all of a
sudden they're doing all this um
identity politics which I hate and the
Republicans and the Democrats both of
y'all used the black community like a
football and you try to score points on
one on each other yeah and I hate it
like the Republican Party never did that
until Trump came along so what about
what about when Reagan signed the
firearm owners Protection Act that
expanded like controls and show don't
like machine guns and change like open
carry laws and stuff yeah I mean he it
wasn't it wasn't gun control like this
you know saying no seriously give me
give me the link to that give me a link
to what you're looking at and give it to
me in the Skype I mean look at what you
looking at okay here you go
well [ __ ] hold on firearms owners
Protection Act this is for gun this is
for guns why are you making this anti
gun there is a couple of things that
like expanded like some of the other
disingenuous we can read through the
provisions there are some things here
that made it a little bit so Frances
like all Lysa scenes have to report like
multiple firearm sales now instead of
grouping another single thing it was a
little bit more stringent requirement
for like maintaining records for certain
firearms which is something Republicans
Hague makes it unlawful unlawful for any
individual to transfer or possess a
machine gun well yeah so that type of
gun control is okay well yeah because a
machine gun is an automatic okay but a
bump stock that's too much stock is
necessary oh you still bought heard
about this bunk stock do we but like
you're saying that like Trump is an
extremely anti-gun president because he
banned bump stocks after the one of the
worst shoot
they were shooting and maybe the [ __ ]
world actually I'm not sure buy a single
gunman like and you're saying what Trump
did was you repeat to me what I said in
reference to a Republican president that
no Republican president up until Trump
had been as extremely anti-gun as Trump
was there you go oh my god see I knew
you had it in you baby see I knew you
had it in you
so address what I just said whatsoever
the thing about it is is that you are
addressing what I'm saying we are not
getting on a tangent when I'm saying
listen show me a president who has done
anything for in support of gun control
sure so here's the firearm owners
Protection Act we're not even getting
into the types of gun control that
Reagan passed when is the governor of
California
spoiler alert yes governor I know I'm
black and you think I'm speaking Ebonics
but I'm speaking English excuse me white
ass I did go to public school okay
and I don't have perfect articulate
excuse excuse me excuse me
you don't quality bionics here we call
it our
frickin American vernacular English so I
need you to calm it down on the racist
terms so let's let's leave the identity
politics at the door right there's too
much for me right now okay so let's
color for this conversation alright cuz
it's not benefiting me so let's just go
ahead and talk about I don't even know
what the [ __ ] I was supposed to do
introduce myself
yeah to you so you understand Who I am
so you can stop assuming like go ahead
and you have it so anyway we talked
about I brought up Trump and everything
like that
and you know I didn't vote for him but I
was supporting of him and like I said
when he used to start doing a lot of
things that Democrats do I just lost
interest but I am on the side that the
left has racist and the right has racist
- I do not ignore the fact that not all
whites not all hashtagging at all but
there are racists on the left and
racists on the right but basically when
as a black person on the right white
supremacist on the right they are
blatant with their racism where as
tomorrow subversive and or not
subversive a subtle with the left right
very subtle have you ever heard of the
bigotry of low expectations yeah Wow why
do why did you ask me that
I'm just cuz I'm trying to cuz I read a
lot of conservative stuffs I'm trying to
figure out where all your talking points
are gonna come from it you ain't gonna
know my talking points bleeding my
promise okay
you can keep on if you would but I mean
you know do you have a low expectation
for blacks yeah of course okay and so
it's lower than who white oh it's not
lower than anyone's I have a low
expectation of everybody I think that in
general I think we have low expectations
of people
- like outperform their environment you
know you say the same thing about poor
why do you say the same thing about poor
blacks oh just so happens right now
there's a lot more poor blacks than
there are poor whites um that's not true
you have a low let me be let me repeat
what you just said you said you have a
low expectation of everyone yep you
don't have a low expectation of your son
yeah yeah I do
what do you mean oh you don't know you
don't because I saw this video of yours
that says raising kids yeah yeah it was
it was very powerful okay so like so I
don't think my kid could like survive or
succeed if he was given a [ __ ] school he
had no financial support if he didn't
have access to either his parents like I
don't like my kid would do well then so
I gave him at least as much as I can
right this another I'm not even talking
about that
totally off I'm talking about how you
talk to your son you admitted that you
don't dumb down your language with your
son okay let's let's define our terms
let's back up when I say that I have a
low expectation of people what I mean is
when you put people in predictable
environments you get predictable people
absolutely I don't expect that if you
put a bunch of people into an area with
shitty housing shitty food and shitty
jobs that you're gonna produce like this
great society of amazing law-abiding
citizens I don't think that's gonna
happen so when I say like hey like maybe
black people need a little bit of help
with this or that and someone's like oh
do you have low expectations like well I
don't expect anybody to like climb out
of like the shittiest handle possible
and like all of a sudden everybody
becomes like great and successful
society like no there are people that
need help white people don't need help
because we we own everything we don't
need any more help we have everything
already no white person needs help no no
there's probably some but like as a
general like class of people like there
have been problems that have targeted
not poor people but black people right
so like these are issues that probably
have to be rectified in some ways
whether it's like affirmative action or
other policies like that okay I was born
in Washington DC and raised in one of
the most violent ghettos in this city at
the time my
and my dad were married but they
divorced when I was five and because I
look like my father and I'm tall that my
father when he divorced my mom my mom
really hated him you know and I never
received any type of physical abuse
until my father moved out and my mother
thought that it was a way of punishing
my dad by when I whenever I go and see
him on the weekends to come to him with
bruises and cuts and things like that
now I took that torture up until I was
11 and then I ran away and then my
father got me and he took custody of me
and so because I've had mentors
specially white mentors in my life I was
able to achieve a lot so my question to
you is how can and mine is not
necessarily antidotal there's less and
less lots of blacks who grew up poor who
grew up hardship and they were able to
make it out so why are we so fortunate
if what you're saying is true is that
because of blacks you know born in
certain conditions yeah boy I was born
in a very shitty ass condition but I got
out of it so you're saying that other
blacks can't get out of it and this is
the reason why I wanted to give you a
background I mean cuz it's all jokes
aside cuz we've been like you know
having fun but you know in a way being
serious about topics too I I've done a
lot because I was told that I can do a
lot and I was expected to do great
things and I lived a really great life
I'm still doing
some things I think the most challenging
thing I've done now so far as being a
youtuber as a right-winger but I have
done everything from oh here's one more
important thing I was a police officer
for five years and two of those five
years I was SWAT when I left policing I
with the help of my mentor was able to
start my own private bodyguard company
that basically focused on porn stars and
and and exotic dancers to be bodyguards
for them and then you know so that
company started a fitness company and
then in the process of doing that
company I decided to start professional
domination and then I started to get and
I owned a health company in Germany and
then I had a fitness center I mean I've
done a lot of things and one thing about
me is that once I master something I
take a sabbatical and start something
new so when I hear someone like you
saying that people like me who grew up
poor and disadvantaged can't make it I
just I really want to get your
understanding on how did you come up to
that conclusion there's like so much
ground that I have to cover to do this
all right okay all right I'm gonna try
it I'm gonna try it okay today I'm gonna
okay I don't normally do this but we're
gonna we're gonna do this okay okay okay
so your situation sounds probably more
[ __ ] than mine but like I had some
problems growing up too okay so I was
pretty much completely left alone about
my parents probably starting at the age
of like five or six my mom and dad to
daycare full time so I didn't really
interact with emotional growing up and
then when I was 1516 my mom moved away
when I was 16 17 my dad moved away I
live with my grandma in a retirement
home and then the rest of my life was
like pretty [ __ ] I tried to do school
and work at the same time I couldn't
manage both I had to drop out of school
I never had any financial for my parents
since I was like 15 onwards em I tried
to work at a casino for a while I ended
up losing that job I was working at a
carpet clean
I had like a pregnant ex-girlfriend a
house that I couldn't afford I'd lost my
previous job I wasn't making enough
money to get my [ __ ] up I had student
loan debt and my there was like a lot of
[ __ ] up [ __ ] of my life I'd thrown
away school even though it's really good
in high school and basically like
everything in my life that could have
been [ __ ] up this is like the Cliff
Notes version
everything's like pretty [ __ ] up and
you know in a very crazy twist of luck I
have like a good background in computers
streaming and just started as an
industry I started to get into that like
towards the end of my carpet cleaning
job and they eventually I quit that job
and I transition full-time to streaming
and that's my background so this is like
a super super Cliff Notes version of my
life so in terms of like doing the
conservative like anybody can make it I
think I have a pretty good story I was
one of the pioneers of this industry and
one of the largest people in it now I
would consider myself to be extremely
successful in an industry that didn't
exist 12 years ago and I did it from a
house while I was like a professional
carpet cleaner so I think that like in
terms of like surviving like shady
circumstances I think I did pretty well
now in early early early part of my life
I would have believed at like hey look
like if I can do it anybody can do it
like anybody can make it out of anything
anybody can do anything bla bla bla bla
bla but the reality is is that like what
we fall prey to is something called
survivorship bias if somebody makes it
out of some given circumstances then
they assume that anybody can make it out
of any circumstances so a great example
of this would be my mom half of my
family is Cuban so I'm 50% Cuban my mom
came from Cuba when she was a kid and
she's one of the most Pro American anti
immigrant anti spanish-speaking people
in the world in her entire family
basically lived this if they could come
over on a [ __ ] boat as poor Cubans
then they if they can make it and love
America then every other immigrant
should be able to make in a loved
American they should be able to do it
legally no illegal immigration they came
over legally everybody's building to the
same way but what people don't realize
is that for every successor every
successful person you have there's a
thousand failures behind them so for
every one destiny there is like me that
makes it streaming you know there might
be a thousand or ten thousand people
that that failed the same thing or for
every person that got abandoned by their
parents that left alone by their parents
growing up you know I became a very
independent person as a result of it I
don't need external validation for
anything that I say or do which is one
of the reasons I'm able to deal with so
much hate on the Internet but for a lot
of people that go through that they
spend their entire life seeking
validation that seems to be like far
more common so I think it's really
dangerous to say that because somebody
made it out
some situation everybody can do it like
you told me that you grew up in DC I
promise you that most of your friends
growing up probably didn't go on to
become success
dad of course they did you know what's
great that you did but what I'm saying
is I'm like if we run why would they
make it if they if they well money why
didn't they make it well one of the one
of the things I have to say that I'm
thankful for anyway and this is okay um
the thing about it is is that I am
growing up in the hood you know you have
to be aware of your surroundings and the
best thing about growing up is that I'm
able to to read people read their facial
expressions read and get that body
language to see if they're gonna cause
me harm and not I think my friends that
died did not have those skills and
that's why they're not here and then go
ahead I was gonna say none of my friends
growing up needed to be able to read
people's expressions to avoid getting
[ __ ] murdered that's the difference
right so like in my area and this is why
I said I have low expectations I don't
think that like all of my white friends
were somehow magically able to read
people and that's why they're better off
than your dead black friends I would say
like well where I grew up that's not
something that you needed to survive
like that's the difference in
environment there it's not that I have a
higher expectation of some group of
people in another just like if you put
people in a given environment it's
usually pretty obvious like what's gonna
happen like some percentage of people
are always going to make it it's gonna
be a low percentage some percentage of
people are [ __ ] because most humans
just can't survive in that environment
and then you'll get like the middle of
the road like expected outcome so like
France is like Bill Gates quit high
school because he was working on
software do you think most people that
drop out of high school end up becoming
like Bill Gates no most of them end up
becoming you know losers get [ __ ] for
the rest of their lives some maybe
become business owners very rare but
most of them get [ __ ] for doing it
right okay so I guess like my point is
that you have to be really careful to
not just draw out like a singular story
and say like well since I made it
anybody could make it maybe it's like a
little bit more important aspect I
really never said that I said why was I
able to that's what I said well and and
and and and I wanted to look at listen
to your answer
and then that's when I was listening to
you share your story which I appreciate
it but you never did answer my question
which is why did you do it in others
can't know why was I able to make it
just why was I able to me I don't know
you personally it could it's my guess
well what I would say it was a probably
an incredibly lucky combination of maybe
some personal biological aptitude helped
you towards something maybe some very
specific event happened early on in your
life maybe you have like a lucky
intersection of a couple of events but I
mean like the universe is a crazy thing
I'm sure a lot of things came together
that just luckily allowed you to
probably to get through you know a
combination of your own work based on
things like that that's my story at
least right when streaming came about I
was lucky enough that I was good enough
at poker to win a tournament and I
bought my first streaming PC because I
had a friend that taught me poker if I
didn't have that friend I probably would
have never learned it and I and I
wouldn't have bought that streaming PC I
was really lucky that I grew up playing
video games if I didn't have
grandparents that bought me like a
Playstation maybe I would have never
been in a video game so when I got into
streaming I was lucky enough that I knew
how to do like really complicated
software [ __ ] you know if I didn't have
the interest in computers because you
know I had access like a family computer
growing up maybe I wouldn't have you
know been in that same situation you
know like for me like streaming ended up
working out to get me out of my
environment there's a lot of people that
never even had a computer growing up
they would never have the opportunities
that I have is it because all of these
your choices though isn't it isn't life
about is it yeah come on I didn't choose
to have a computer hang up that was my
parents that got that I didn't choose
okay you didn't choose that you didn't -
you didn't have but you you know you
chose to you know get into computers you
chose to get into streaming you chose
these paths did you not I did but like
our ability to make choices like so
heavily compromised based on how we grow
up right like what like imagine how
stupid I would be if I walked to some
[ __ ] ghetto in DC and asked me like
why you guys choosing to deal drugs like
just go get a good job like I would have
like in my suburb like people would like
me like what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
like that like it's really it's a lot
harder different god I hope you're not
being a drug dealer apologists are you
not being a drug dealer apologist but I
don't think that groups of people will
say we I guess we'd say black people
right I don't think black people in in
DC or Baltimore Detroit are just like
well you know we're just like
biologically hardwired to deal drugs I
think that it's just a pretty obvious
thing when you've got nothing else when
your schools suck when
not many good places to work and those
Negroes got other things to do besides
drugs a stop stop okay then why do they
deal trip wait why do they deal drugs
then well first of all it's the lazy way
okay I don't want white people then I
I'm not white so I cannot answer for
your people I like and I never grew up
in a white community all I can tell you
is how I as a black woman grew up in a
black community graduated from an
historical black college I know black
people I don't know your people that
well but I appreciate the good ones and
kind of you know attack the racist ones
but other than that that's I just okay
well I can answer for white yeah I
understand I don't speak for white
people here and then you could speak for
black people okay as there are other the
fellow racial representatives okay we
can do cause I'm half Cuban but I look
white enough so I think I can handle
this you're white yeah sure there you go
okay so why do so many black people
choose to sell drugs the culture for one
laziness for two in that quick money
because when you sell drugs it's quick
but it's very risky money but it's quick
money okay okay so for the first one you
said culture that's not a choice right
uh it isn't to me it is a choice because
I rejected Blatt and that's the reason
why I'm not a part in a black community
because I rejected the culture you can
either embrace the culture or you can
reject the culture all right so what is
race the culture why don't they all
reject it um tribalism
okay so tribalism isn't really a choice
right that's like a biological thing
you're kind of [ __ ] okay well now
I'm gonna ask you then why don't they
reject tribalism because they embrace
it's like saying why don't some I wear a
green instead of blue it's a choice they
choose to embrace the black culture I
saw the black culture to be toxic
um and it was not in my best interest it
definitely was not in my best interest
as a black woman so I rejected the
culture is all about making a choice why
why a choice they decide so like you
understand it for a lot of people
growing up that are wealthy I we never
have to make this choice right so for
instance like when I was in high school
nobody had to make the choice to reject
a culture that pushes under drugs if you
want a drug deal in high skin my eye
score I grew up me and you must you had
to [ __ ] up a ton like I don't even know
where the [ __ ] you would get drugs I had
to get her from other people like that
was like so [ __ ] out of the norm of
what you would ever possibly do like in
like a private high school like why
would you do that like all your so like
we're already starting off on like a
pretty bad like inequality here right
like I've never had the choice to deal
drugs growing up I can't even imagine
being given that choice and I and I
decided not to do it and I decided not
to date anyone who does it you know a
lot of black women in the hood you know
they want to do they want to date
ballers because of the cars because of
the bling because of the clown because
of all it is but you know the a drive-by
shooting is a [ __ ] and so you sit in
that passenger seat and you have a rival
gang or a right of a drug dealer who
want to even up a score they're gonna
shoot everyone in that car so these are
choices people choose to do bad things
people choose to do good things in the
hood people choose to do to do drugs
because it is celebrated materialism
okay I understand everything about to
say I don't disagree with you okay about
people wanting ballers or materialistic
or consumeristic drives what I'm trying
to find out is why do more black people
do it than white people that's the
culture yeah but why do black people
have a bad culture and white people
don't what's the difference here the
coat from okay going all the way back to
and I hate going back to slavery I
really nice liberals love going back to
slavery you're going back to my home
territory I can preach to you I'm about
to Amen whatever the [ __ ] you say hell
yeah slavery
Crow laws destroying [ __ ] black
wealth hell yeah all of that [ __ ]
contributed to a [ __ ] up black culture
I don't disagree at all but you know
you're making the liberal argument now
right no I'm going to make the so-called
liberal argument until we get to the
point where it's still a choice okay
it's still a choice regardless you
because your question was how did black
culture get so toxic and so I said
goddamn it I have to go to sleep and
yeah of course I'm not gonna I told you
I'm not like the other other like
Candice Owens and Brandon Tatum and
Anthony and all these are the stupid
Negroes Tomasz oh oh they're so good
over here on a report guess I come on
over yeah I'm not like that I do
acknowledge you know like I said I don't
have an ego I do acknowledge how black
culture got that way but I still will
say to you it's still a choice because
let's look at the black immigrants who
come here from the islands and from and
from Africa they they have a higher
success rate than native black Americans
yes and the reason why is because they
reject the culture now they're living in
the same ghettos we're living in until
they make enough money to get out and it
you nail out okay wait so like this is
not really true right like it's true not
really so if somebody so for instance
like I think [ __ ] I could be wrong but I
think Nigerians I think have the highest
median earnings of any racial group in
the United States I think I'd have to go
back a double check it but I know it's
really high I'm pretty sure that the
most educated like ethnic group in the
United States are Nigerians but like we
have to consider like what does it mean
if you come from Africa to the United
States like how do you do that in order
to even accomplish that you already have
to be one of the richest people like in
that country so it's just really come on
now take it's a expert we know you can't
think it's easier no I don't think it's
easy but they they're not rich come on
you don't think the whole wait wait wait
I'm not I'm not saying rich like Bill
Gates rich but like there's some of the
wealth
based in the country if they can afford
to move across the world oh you don't
think that's an incredibly wealthy
they're not hold on they're not moving
their family across the world what they
do is their entire family and they have
big families they are the entire family
pulling a pool of money for years and
years and years and save up to send them
to a school that they have actually got
a scholarship in and and they're able to
have that part paid for and they and
they work two jobs and send some of that
money home back to their families and
once they graduate from college and they
get that great job that's when they
started slowly bringing them over here
they get like a higher rate but they're
not doing well in school yeah but like
they're already like that's already
selecting for a very nice crew people
not everybody that grows up in some of
these countries has the ability to like
go to college or to go to school full
time like some of these people are
working as children all right some of
these people are barely getting enough
food to survive let alone to be like
healthy and have good brains and
function well and go to school and pay
attention
wait what I'm like so what that's life
my thing is that you have you were dealt
a better hand and I do you see me going
oh life is fair God and by the way I'm
an atheist God is racist cuz he I don't
do that listen that's great if I don't
what what is your goal at the end of the
day when we talk about any particular
policy like what do you want to do what
what is like your broad goal like if I'm
enacting a new law or a new policy in
the United States what are you trying to
accomplish it depends on on what area on
like you like is a general point of view
come on now don't do general oh I can we
can say health care okay um oh this is a
good one um I would make it mandatory
for Zoomers
Millennials because I'm Generation X to
have mandatory some form of fitness and
nutrition so that they were also learned
how to take care of their cells because
for the first time in my life
last year I never and I'm I'm a I'm a
gym rat or was gym right I love to gym
and I'll and I'm also vegan but I'm not
a cultist vegan like you can eat a bowl
full of barbeque fetuses and I wouldn't
give a damn it's not my problem it's not
my business I don't do that I'm eating
veganism for health purposes but last
year I was so stressed in reference to
what was happening to me on YouTube
this was a situation I did not I wasn't
prepared for and the stress and I also
have PTSD from policing but all of that
come combined combination landed me in
in the hospital with a staph infection
now you ready for this when I came out
of the hospital I owed $32,000 for
staying there for a week and I'm the
kind of person that said well I'm not
four and I don't feel like debating this
because I didn't come here to debate
this so I was like I'm not here for
single-payer so I'll go ahead and get on
a monthly payment plan and so in the
process of getting the paperwork they
asked me did I want to fill out a
financial aid form and I was like oh
yeah sure
and I filled it out and I got I think I
got $20,000 of it forgiven and then all
of a sudden I call to get new payment
arrangement and as a grant a federal
grant that once a week choose a person
now I believe they choose someone who is
not a burden on the medicals
and I think that's the reason why they
gave me a complete forgiveness accept
accept two thousand two thousand dollars
to private physicians do you know what I
mean like when you go to the hospital
everybody in there is not under the
staff of that hospital you have some
private physicians that are working by
contract and therefore they have their
own prices and so I had to pay which is
you know paying anyway now I don't have
to pay thirty two thousand I mean 30
instead of paying thirty two thousand I
had to pay two thousand cool beans I
would like a program like that for those
who are rewarded I believe that I was
rewarded with medical forgiveness or the
payment to be forgiven because I take
care of my health you said because you
want to burn it on the medical system
what if he would have been born with
type 1 diabetes
that I don't want to get into this but
that is preventable you do know that
based upon it is before you say
something really dumb ok ok hold on dare
you type 2 diabetes is most closely
associated with being obese or
overweight right sugar intake cosmetics
have type 1 diabetes is like an
autoimmune disease you're born I know
where you can develop it's how is type 1
diabetes preventable
based upon the health of the mother and
also the eating habits of the mother and
the lifestyle of the mother always
reflect on the child on the baby okay so
firstly I don't even think that's true
but secondly even if I granted that to
you how is that the fault of the child
like so they're punished for like the
sins of the parent I didn't say I didn't
say it was the fault where did that come
from I didn't blame anybody you said it
was preventable but apparently
preventable to blame I said hey so what
I'm asking you for is you said that you
felt like you were
rewarded by the healthcare system for
your good health and I said what if you
were born as a type 1 diabetic or that
has type 1 diabetes and you said well
that's preventable and then you said if
the parents prevent it so that person
that is [ __ ] just because their parents
also I don't even like to grant that the
parent if the parent caused it
the parent has to pay for that the
parents not paying for it the child is
paying for it also parents don't cause
type 1 diabetes that's not even true
pull me wrong then you you mister you
mister search ok we'll be wrong prove to
me that type 1 and type 2 or any kind of
disease is not basically dependent upon
it cannot be can cannot be prevented by
the parent sure like I mean this is
totally not what I came here for but go
ahead any like it's an autoimmune
disorder like it's like you can't like I
don't know how you I've never heard you
can prevent in your life I'm just
this is biting like the secondary
articles the cause of type 1 diabetes is
unknown so we don't even know what
causes it right now
however it is believed to involved with
a combination of genetic and
environmental factors risk factors
include having a family member with the
condition of type 1 diabetes the
underlying mechanism and exactly there
you go so with type 1 not type 2 you
don't get type 1 from just overeating
it's an autoimmune disorder it's not an
insulin resistance disorder and so your
body doesn't make insulin show me show
me I got a question for you and a
challenge for you yeah show me and I
like I said I didn't come here to debate
this [ __ ] but but I would I want to show
me a baby or child born from a healthy
parent that has type 1 or type 2
diabetes show me show me I had a friend
in a high school that was like this what
do you mean show me show me how what do
you want me to do go find a baby okay
here's another low can tonight one
diabetes be prevented - diabetes can't
be prevented doctors can't even tell
whoa a parent you said it you have a
friend and a friend's parent is healthy
yep and they because we were in private
high school everybody's parents because
I want to verify this information you
I'm calling you a liar do you think that
this is the best way to figure out like
whose analysis here is medically
accurate it's to see who has a friend
that may or may not disprove your story
and my thing is I said prove it show me
okay well here you go we can go and read
a whole bunch of [ __ ] on whether or not
you can prevent type 1 or type 2
diabetes type 2 dot type here is a link
I just said your type 1 diabetes can't
prevent prevent it doctors can't even
tell who will get it and who won't no
one knows for sure what causes type 1
diabetes but science is the scientists
think it has something to do with genes
but just getting the genes for diabetes
isn't usually enough in most cases a
child has to be exposed to something
else like a virus in order to develop
type 1 diabetes it's not contagious so
kids and teens can't catch it from
another person to pass along to other
friends or family members and eating too
much sugar doesn't cause Taekwondo I got
a hold on okay are you saying that
cancer can't be prevented and you know
of course cancer can be prevented are
you saying cancer can't be cured cancer
can be cured and provoked how is it that
this is this is what I want to say I
must say and we're going to move on
because I told you didn't come here for
this sure you're really good at getting
people out there they're square I and
this is gonna trigger you but I deal
with natural health and I know from
experience okay professionally and
personally that a lot of these diseases
can be reversed it has been done I have
done it I have done it on myself so I'm
not going to take when you deal with the
medical profession the key there there's
always going to be a cancer help me out
what is the name of the major with the
pink with the pink ribbon what is the
name of that organization which was what
the cancer oh the Cancer Foundation what
is the Breast Cancer Foundation
there's a name to it
anyway it doesn't matter if cancer is
cured if there's a if if the medical
facilities actually make and like I said
I don't want to go into this debate cuz
I didn't come here for this [ __ ]
well you know and I just brought it up
as like a side point and then you wanted
to debate yeah I mean no I mean I wanted
to bait what I came here for but you
wanted to go down these rabbit holes and
you know okay let me real quick let me
back up a real quick you brought up a
story about you going to the hospital
you being rewarded for something I
wanted up a hypothetical well let's say
somebody goes and they aren't rewarded
in the same way that you are but due to
no fault of their own and I use type 1
diabetes it's you know I'm not to lend
you my experience about health care and
you deflect it on or what about it and
what about it and okay how about we make
a rule can we make a rule no more what
about isms no more hypotheticals
we need hypotheticals to test our ideas
always you get a real conversation this
you deflect dude you're saying no lose
you're literally using anecdotes to do
have your argument you'll get mad what I
don't want to talk about it cuz I'm like
I didn't call me to talk about this this
is the thing you do that you I said let
me you asked me about healthcare and I
said I gave my personal experience about
what I wanted to do about health care
and then yo ask someone some well what
about well what about what what and then
all of a sudden when I get mad I'm like
we'll listen I didn't come here to
discuss this but she'll took it there
and you admitted you took it there I
took it there can I just explain my full
thought process holy [ __ ] AIDS in the
[ __ ] brain is when I'm developing
right now okay so which by the way might
also say we're gonna move you don't get
HIV I believe that okay so okay you
brought up okay going to the hospital so
I asked you firstly so this is all came
from the Duke the question of what is
the general goal of a policy you asked
me if we're specific and I said health
care you gave me this 20 minute story
that ended with you saying I believe
that I was rewarded for being healthy
because when I went to the hospital I
qualified for a grant
when you say reward what you're implying
is that you did something to earn the
advantage of having that grant so my
question was
if somebody else had all the same things
as you and they worked hard on blah blah
blah but let's say that they weren't
healthy because of something outside of
their control like they had type 1
diabetes do you think it would be fair
for them to be turned down for the same
grant that you're given that was my
question because I'm trying to see if
you really think that like you should be
rewarded for something that might be
totally outside of your control and and
and you're like you wanted to debate
whether or not diabetes is even real I
guess and then you want to do it on how
to cheer oh and thanks oh now where I go
so now we're like way off in some other
world not because of me but because you
wanted to go off into this other world
okay I just wanted to give in to it
you're the one who take it to the other
direction Stephen stop lying you take it
there you even admit to to deflecting
you go what about ISM and I'm like I'm
not admitting to what about is I'm a
hypothetical is a valid way to see if
what you're saying is factual is true do
you actually believe it I did not but
then now you're lying say I I said that
diabetes don't don't you said diabetes
something you get or you can prevent it
that's not true we don't have your
Alzheimer's are kicking in again I know
what the [ __ ] I said cuz I heard me say
it ok can we take a minute do you have
any Reiki [ __ ] to cure me my Alzheimer's
then could you - probably you believe in
carrying Alzheimer's help me what pill
do I need to take that you're selling
for $99.99 a pill - in order to cure my
shed please do I need to listen to
Beethoven do I need to light some
[ __ ] incense candles like what are
you gonna do put a thing in my ear and
suck the wax out or whatever like that's
a hoax ok gotcha
can I wait can I ask you a question I'm
super curious oh no no wait no I'm and
it'll give you a chance to talk ok you
can okay tell me if you have an idea and
somebody brings up a conflicting idea to
you how do you verify like who's right
or wrong like how do you make sure so I
don't know if you worry about this I
wear this all the time at the end of the
day I'm like man I wonder if I'm full of
[ __ ] sometimes maybe I'm actually being
so I'm carry so how do you verify with
your own thoughts are like valid if
you're like being correct like how do
you know that you're not like getting
full of your own stuff your own case
well a lot of times I I don't have a I
have people in my surroundings that are
pretty cruel
blade blunt and so I come to them with
those thoughts and ask for them their
opinion and because they're not here to
kiss my ass and they they're they're
pretty straight no chaser that basically
gives me the answer I'm looking for
okay so you go to people in your
surroundings to figure out if your
choices are good or bad what if I feel
always not always but if I'm conflicting
with it if I'm like I'm gonna ignore the
insanely hilarious take care because I
could say well what about kids in the
hood the great drug dealers around them
tell them to deal drugs and that's why
they do it and they're using the same
system that you're using but apparently
yours is okay and theirs isn't okay we
can do that go ahead what well you're
basically telling me that you like
you're a product of your environment so
if you had a bunch of shitty friends
around you that like started talking
about you should never say that was a
product of my environment they're
telling you is good or bad how can you
tell if whether the advice you're
getting is real or if they're just
blowing smoke up your ass how do you
know well basically if it depends on a
situation see the thing about it is is
that I have to think of a situation
because it doesn't happen all the time
so yeah sure okay here's an example then
how do you feel about vaccines
um that I'm I'm here's my thing give
people I'm not anti-vaxxer okay okay if
people want to get vaccines then they
get vaccines but if you don't want to
get vaccines I believe that because I've
seen this done before people who don't
want to be vaccinated do not enroll into
public schools and they do not they do
not gather around vaccinated communities
excuse me kids they tend to have like
there is a school up Atlanta Atlanta is
about two hours away from me there's a
school because there's a big black
there's a big Hebrew Israelite community
which they
believe in vaccinations and Jehovah
Witness and you have a lot of religious
organizations that will come together
with their because the parents have not
been vaccinated they don't vaccinate
their children so they have this commune
so my thing is is that well you're not
infringing on the rights of those who
don't want to be vaccinated and they are
not mixing with the children who are
vaccinated so you think it's really
possible for a population of people to
never interact with like that they could
actually stay like locked off from the
rest of society for I didn't say they
locked off I just said it the kids went
from my understanding engaging with
these people once they get into their
teens that's when they start to enroll
into they have community sports and they
have other active activities yeah they
should be banned from enrolling in or
interacting with people at large like No
then what do you do to the people that
say hey people are dying know in society
because you didn't get vaccinated now we
have measles in society how is someone
else dying because that but you gotta
prove to me that if sometimes when
children are born sometimes their immune
systems can't support receiving vaccines
there are certain numbers of people that
for whatever reasons in society have
problems that make it so that they can't
become vaccinated so if these people are
relying on everyone else around them
being vaccinated if they're exposed
people that aren't and are carrying
certain deadly diseases like measles
then they're probably gonna die the
people in this community have nothing to
do with that I'm trying to see how
that's a once again you doing it
obviously ganodi are choosing not to be
vaccinated against vaccinate Abel
disease and how are they killing other
people they get a disease that could
have been prevented and then they come
into contact with somebody else that
gives that person but they don't so you
do believe that it's possible that they
can stay locked off from all of society
for they're not locked off you're acting
like they're they are in a cult they're
not
they interact with other people they can
pass on diseases like measles to those
other groups of people
um I didn't see any evidence for that do
you see evidence that measles is
returning to place in the world where
previously wasn't you want me to link
your articles all right that has nothing
to do with this community you asking me
about a specific community and you can't
sit up here and bring something broad
irrelevant to this discussion when I'm
talking about this specific community
you say well what if they interact with
other children and they give them
cigarettes that I've never seen that so
your this data you want to bring into is
irrelevant I'm telling you what I've
observed okay well let me tell you
what's being reported so the United
States is experiencing a measles
outbreak including in Southern
California this country is experiencing
the largest measles outbreak in 20 years
this includes Los Angeles County many of
the initial cases were unvaccinated
individuals who traveled abroad and then
brought the measles back to the United
States and affecting other unvaccinated
individuals
what does have to do with the community
I mean I should have stopped you before
you start reading it but I'm not I'm not
disputing what you're saying what I'm
telling you is I am observed you asked
me questions and I'm giving you answers
and did you let hey let me read you some
[ __ ] that has nothing to do with your
story and I'm like what because my
actual question is whether or not these
people should be banned from interacting
with other people if they choose not to
get vaccinations because you cannot
provide any evidence that these
particular people that I observe have
contaminated anybody else you have no
evidence for that okay well here's the
other story tell me about the people I
have observed so if I don't have what
about this so this is about an Amish
community in Ohio does this matter do
you know are these the black people
observe up there in Atlanta No then why
is this relevant why is this relic I'm
telling you about this commune I have
observed you asked me a question and
then you do with the what about ISM stop
it
get help I'm not playing that game with
you I'm telling you about this community
I observed in Atlanta dealing with
Hebrew Israelites juvett your over
witness a lot of these religious blacks
that decide to come together as a
community I'm telling you about them and
you want to tell me about some white
Amish how the hell this is a request
from the Health and Human Service
is okay the Georgia health officials
confirm three cases of measles in the
Atlanta journal-constitution by Sheila
pool Georgia health officials on Tuesday
confirmed three cases of measles all
within the same metro Atlanta family and
how many people do we have in Atlanta
well before we had no measles so I don't
know answer my question stop deflecting
tell me the population of Atlanta sis
you want to sit up here and say oh we
got three people so [ __ ] what tell me
the population and 500,000 mm-hmm okay
and you want to talk about three people
how many did you hand before zero so
it's a pretty you have no evidence for
that you have no idea if you have no
ideas about the people who have the
measles how do they get it are you
saying that these people are not
vaccinated you don't have no evidence
for that the United States so indigenous
measles has been declared eliminated in
north central South America
the last endemic you don't care about
like what's really does care about your
[ __ ] that you've seen that has to
conform with like your view of the world
you're actually crazy wait no you're
actually show me the health records
you're actually insane do you understand
that or do you ever worry about that
that you and that you were legitimately
crazy that like you have no way of
verifying if anything you know is real
or not real you can't do it nice
deflection on that look at all these
words you keep hiding behind deflections
what about ISM pivot change the subject
like you can't address a single point in
a bringing up you do this pivoting all
the time that anything you have you had
because we wasn't we were talking about
this commune you why do you want to talk
about just one look here's another story
New York confronts its worst measles
outbreak in decades into this community
and you have no idea and you can't even
prove that the three out of five hundred
people at five hundred thousand people
in Atlanta have anything to do with that
community you have no proof of that you
have none and you're just jumping all
over the [ __ ] place
and I want you to stop it and get some
help you know saying you know get a
bubble bath get some massage gets do
something with yourself Steven because I
don't want you to stop this moving the
goalposts all over the [ __ ] place I
want to get back on a topical because
you were too severe to bring up some
irrelevant [ __ ] to the community I'm
talking about what about the ominous
what the Amish what about California
what about these three people what the
[ __ ] does that have to do with the
community I'm talking about nothing not
a damn thing
do you understand the value of
extracting like from a specific
situation getting like a general idea to
apply to other situations relevancy I'm
asking about it you don't know you don't
know you don't know you don't like
please explain to me please explain him
what did those three cases I have to do
with the community that I was talking
about you asked me if there were
problems in Atlanta I don't know what I
don't know [ __ ] I don't know what
specific community you're talking about
but we can take their general ideas and
attitudes towards vaccinations because I
don't give a [ __ ] about what specific
tiny community you're talking because
that's what I was talking about you kept
asking hey I don't care I don't give a
[ __ ] about anybody in your city
why would I only want to have a
conversation I'm not asking you about
him I don't give a [ __ ] about Atlanta
the only thing I know about it Lance is
I've gotta wait in that [ __ ] ass [ __ ]
Airport when I'm transferring flights
that's all I know about Atlanta is the
[ __ ] that is [ __ ] ATL and now not
and we're somehow making that part of my
existence worse because now the ATL
[ __ ] Mehta [ __ ] measles in it
holy [ __ ]
you've actually found a way to take an
issue I don't care about and
my existence worse off for it even
though [ __ ] about your [ __ ] our city
have the measles and therefore when they
have them they basically do not
associate with those people with the
measles and so that's what I was talking
with them and then you want to bring in
California
then you want to bring in the Amish did
you want to bring in three other people
to have nothing to do with what I just
said do you understand the importance of
taking an idea out of a specific
scenario to provide it to other
scenarios do it is irrelevant it doesn't
work what are some ways that we can
determine whether or not it's relevant
or irrelevant by going to that exact
group so you can only look at one exact
group you can never extrapolate it's
talking about that one group no we're
not I don't give a [ __ ] about that one
group we're talking about the ideas of
being anti vaccination I'm talking about
it because that is the only group i
can't observe that's the only group i
have serda have not been back so do you
think the only way to gather information
about communities is to directly observe
gathering information about communities
I am telling you about this particular
community I am being and I'm trying to
talk about the at stake you want to take
something and I am specific about and
make it broad no you won't
okay well in California I know a
community of Jewish Hebrew lights
Israelites whatever the [ __ ] they're
called okay and they're all anti-vaxxers
and they all died from measles yesterday
I know that community okay today we're
aunt Eve exo-k
got it okay alright so now we know
that's [ __ ] as bad a nation I'll be
forced to vaccinate I knew three groups
like that in Nebraska that we're all
auntie backs and then they all died okay
so there we go I win a debate all right
what's the next thing your point is that
being like that we people should be
forced to get vaccinations otherwise it
causes everybody to die okay okay glad
we can agree all right what's the next
thing you know contradict me you didn't
directly observe the groups of people I
saw have you ever seen [ __ ] World War
Z that zombie [ __ ] that was a [ __ ]
documentary of what happened in Iowa
when people do know yeah zombies [ __ ]
man it was a realist buck I saw it with
my own eyes and you can't contradict it
because I saw it I observed it and you
didn't
you have a problem when I observe and
you try to frame it to me right that's
why I won't make a mistake as long as
you honor my observations online are
years okay wait here telling me I didn't
see zombies in Ireland my thing is that
your observation is your observation I
have nothing to do with it okay III I'm
nothing I feel nothing about your
observation I don't feel you happy about
it Alan feel sorry for it I'm not
against it I'm not for it I'm nothing it
I feel nothing for that would you want
me to cry for that no I feel nothing
I'm only going by what my experience is
all right can we get into some dude oh
my god anyway if I go to a bar okay
there's one question I won't ask you
anything it's a real life no I need a
life advice question I'm a computer nerd
I'm a geek I need to help I need help
you can help you got you've got the
street smarts you've got the experience
please please I need help I'm actually
really upset because I never get laid
okay and I have to ask you a question
and you can help me do it and I'll be
able to have better debates a
conversation with you okay please okay I
don't like it let me ask you a question
about what we're talking about you were
right you're right about me let me ask
you a question about what we're talking
about it's about police brutality didn't
is that what you want to talk about yes
okay let's see let's say that I'm in a
bar okay and I see an Asian an Asian
police officer I see an Asian police
officer I'm in a bar I see an Asian okay
I see no no I'm just curious you can ask
all you wanna business you can ask all
you wanna use your example you suck at
this
no I'm saying no no
no okay after this I won't ask you
anyway you're gonna I need to know no no
Jesus Christ oh my god you're a baby you
don't know how to take rejection you
don't know what no means you want to do
with the [ __ ] you're you're an only are
you the only child close hey I have five
siblings but almost are you the baby
nope
almost Oh second youngest so okay I mean
you're a spoiled brat I'm so spoiled
dude I've been I've been handed
everything to me in life I didn't say
you was handed everything in light I'm
just saying you could be poor and be
spoiled brat you do know that right
you're just a spoiled brat okay you you
you don't you want what you want the way
you want it when you want it I mean
Stephen from my observation of you
you're living a great life what [ __ ] are
you coming here trying to like one up on
me
you know swimming and [ __ ] now so what
of how would you keep up with my life
what do you like watch my [ __ ] yeah I've
been watching some videos so I can
basically talk to you about police
brutality and so basically sometimes you
know I'm not on Twitch you know Sam so I
forgot that like if you're watching a a
stream in the past what does take what
do they call it BOTS video on-demand
yeah yeah and so all of a sudden when
you go live a stupid commercial comes on
and then you come on and then you start
talking and then I got you as background
noise and [ __ ] like that so that's why I
know about your your [ __ ] habits so
basically I'm just saying I don't I'm
trying to get an understanding of you
and why you won't accept the fact that
I'm like I don't want to talk about this
I want to talk about what I came here
for
okay so I can't ask about the Asian
police officer in the bar then no and
and here's a question I want to ask you
are you gonna be okay with the word no
are you gonna try to sneak that [ __ ] in
there anyway okay I'll do my best to be
okay with it I am
you need some medicine I got some ginkgo
biloba here for you that's great cuz you
know what I feel like I'm developing
cancer from this conversation I think
I'm feeling you're gonna tell me that
cure is it so that's perfect okay hit me
up what are your questions let's go hold
on oh did you send me something oh yeah
they were just links to measles
outbreaks but don't worry about it
they're not relevant anymore those were
what about isms yeah something you love
to do okay so um on August 9th 2019 you
streamed a video titled some late-night
curb balling and in that video you
stated that if you and a black guy were
to go out on the streets of LA and
approach a cop that he the black guy
would have to worry about getting shot
while you don't I mean do you stand by
that yeah I think so okay and where's
your evidence for that um you know I
watched a lot of YouTube videos I've
seen a lot of YouTube videos of black
guys getting [ __ ] murdered by the
cops for no reason I don't see as many
videos of white people get murdered by
the cops and that's what I've observed
directly so so let me send you this um
stat that shows that I got some
statistics here wait by the way I care
about your statistics of I haven't
directly oh you little [ __ ]
you are still salty I'm not salty wait I
just say show me a video I need a video
I don't oh my god kids can you get one
of your women friends to stick their
titty in your mouth and goddamn milk
your ass so you can get over this [ __ ] I
am tired of it I'm just saying I don't
think you've directly observed
you so-called stats I haven't observed
them so let's just talk about what I've
watched how my an [ __ ] you're the one
that said that we should just focus on
what we've observed why do I give a [ __ ]
about a stat you butthurt butthurt I
guess don't care about - I just want to
talk about what we've observed aside
it's kind of cute you still put her you
you acted like a spoiled ass [ __ ] and
you won't let [ __ ] go oh my god
okay I'm not gonna give in cuz this is
what you want to do you want to wear me
down so you could tell me about the aja
police [ __ ]
I'm not doing it I'm not - I'm not doing
it so anyway what is here counted all
the videos I've seen of black people
getting [ __ ] up by the cops he's not
even he's not even debating in good
faith so I'm just gonna just I guess
we're just gonna shoot the [ __ ] cuz you
not even taking any of this seriously so
I'm serious alright there any videos are
there any examples of police like just
like murdering white people like they do
with like Phillip Castillo are there are
videos I do every Saturday at 8 o'clock
p.m. on my site I stream a ice-cream a
show to call that's called epic fights
and police arrests Wow and we watch lots
of white men get shot because they
either point the gun at the police so
they try to you know stab the police so
it's not just blacks yeah but what about
the examples of white guys getting
killed by the cops would haven't even
done anything like what happens with
black people
show me that doesn't happen okay so what
about was his name it was was it Philip
Casteel or Philip Costello
yeah I feel that steel so that guy was
in his car told the cop they did a gun
cop reach for his gun and just killed
him no it didn't happen that way how did
it happen Oh No yeah alright hold on the
official police restores the cop said he
smelled weed and that's why he
his girlfriend in his child I have that
I had that case did it doo-doo-doo
one moment falando Castile ok falando
Castile was high on weed and the
toxicology report proved that I will
give you the documents to hit - officer
Ian as trial and this is the reason why
he was acquitted
hold on second let me give you to you
here now where's the skype he go
so during his trial one of him being
high have to do with excited by cops
I did not pivot
I actually am beginning to tell you the
story ok and in my bed walk me from high
to the cot deserve to execute him go
ahead wait I wanna I want to go on a
walk with you ok I'm excited for this
journey we're about to go on cuz it's
gonna be magical
go ahead is this something that you can
stick in your mouth like a dildo or a
sock or shoe or something while I'm
talking is it something you can stick in
your mouth to shut the [ __ ] up with a
lot of talking communication is
important to me in anybody's
relationship I just I'd love to talk to
my partner so go ahead so we're we're so
the starting point was he was probably
high and the anyways he deserves
executed by the cops
go ahead I know you said that ok what
I'm saying is that the forensic
scientists okay from the Minnesota
Bureau of Criminal Apprehension
testified that is th THC levels were
very high and what happened was when
Officer Ian s falando Castillo told
officer Yunus hey I have a gun and so
officer Yunus said okay don't pull it
out for Lando
had his wallet in his left pocket and
his gun was in his right pocket and so
instead of him pulling out his wallet
which what he meant to do he was pulling
out his gun and so officer yanez said
don't do it don't do a stop stop and
because falando was so high on weed he
wasn't aware of what he was doing and
therefore pulled out the gun he didn't
get a chance to point it was there a
video of any of us or are we relying on
the cops word for this um there's two
things I'm I have is I just sent you the
court document basically from the other
police officer who was on the other side
of the car and I'm gonna send you you
remember the video that the video that
his girlfriend shot where is the full
video of the dashcam of the cop car why
did we never get to see that we only saw
it afterwards I the dashcam was on yeah
you see way do you see them shooting
into the car I maybe I missed this I
might have no I legitimately I might
have I might have misses God so the cop
fired into the car huh yeah let me watch
it and I'm super curious hold on do you
bring up a case you don't know [ __ ]
about you haven't even watched that
video hold on it's gonna be fun one
second don't worry there's other cases
we go over to we got Freddie gray the
guy that got beat up thrown in the back
the vanna died basically because we've
got eric garner the guy that i watched
that whole video of him getting sat on
by like six [ __ ] cops while he was
like suffocating to death I watched that
full video I don't think there's a
Freddie gray one Eric garner we can
watch that video together if you want
okay give it to me give me that video
that's [ __ ] they did not sit on him
what was the name of the guy also that
was in the UH that was in the jail where
he was like strapped to the chair and
like all the cops were on time the guy
was saying he couldn't believe I don't
know that I do know
Eric Gartner does anybody remember which
one that was
[ __ ] okay hold on wait let me watch this
video never seen this no file now I want
you to sit it to me right now
I want to watch the Philip Teufel and
refuse to do how do [ __ ] works
see you actually work it's irritating
isn't it Stephen hmm it's irritating
isn't it I'm not irritated all right now
having a lot of fun okay okay let me get
my stream real quick so they have to
hear people getting [ __ ] murdered by
cops
you
okay I'm super curious okay all right so
a lot of white people have concealed
carries in the United States is there
any video of a cop executing a white
person as quickly as this guy that he's
executing yeah he's executed the guy has
a point-blank range he shoots him like
six [ __ ] times it's an execution it's
an execution give me the definition of
execution shall we look it up sure
[ __ ] this is real - but this is an
execution it was not it kills them see
there we go right there you can't be
[ __ ] wrong gotta see what I mean
how long have you had this problem
Stephen capital punishment as long as a
death penalty is a government sanctioned
practice whereby a person is killed by
the state as a punishment for a your
[ __ ] you you you can't you can't be
wrong you you [ __ ] flip what do you
call this again if you don't call this
an execution what do you call this
I'm curious he was killed okay how about
this definition here you go an
execution-style murder maybe that's what
I should say no an execution-style
murder also notice an execution-style
killing is an active criminal murder
where the perpetrator kills at close
range a conscious victim who is under D
complete physical control of the
assailant and who's been left with no
course of resistance or escape this is a
sound we wasn't convicted of murder nope
okay that he can't be a murderer I'm
sorry all I'm oh my god oh my see what
else you know what I can't do that I
can't do this with you you can't see
here's what this is you can't be wrong I
said he's not a murderer and he was like
well in the end and all sudden you went
on a rant I let you go in a little rant
with OJ murder yo was OJ murder Oh J
murder no so he's not he's not a
murderer oh geez OJ murder or no is oj
oj simpson no okay what about Hitler oh
my god he wasn't convicted
you see these mental gymnastics day you
know what I watching them right now if
somebody took the what about is I'm away
from you you would [ __ ] just lose
your [ __ ] literally if somebody said
Steven you can never use
what about ISM ever again did you just
did do in us so you guys are so famous
with the whole what about Hitler
what about Stalin what about this what
about your nuts what about my bird
outside with a momma girl what about my
car what about my parents what about my
mammy
what about audition what about if you
could if somebody said hey Stevie for
every time you said what about ISM you
had to pay me a dollar that person would
be rich you can't live without your what
about isms cuz that's that's how I don't
know if it's theatrics for you or it's
something it's your it's your gimmick
but I and its content for you but it
just proves to be the church's you're
never serious and you lied to me and you
said that you can never you would you
can admit when you're wrong and I told
you that this guy is not a merchant this
guy is not a murderer he has not been
convicted of murder and you want to call
it killing a murder because you want to
make it so spectacular by labeling this
police officer as a murderer which is
illegal
well he's a cop so I can't do an illegal
action so I lose something right so
you're saying that a police officer has
never went to jail for murdering he's
convicted right no as my question are
you sorry
should I have been some yeah I don't
know but I'm sure that when you're when
you when you have because there is that
police officer actually I got his name
down here
you remember that police officer in
South Carolina
his name is Michael Slager he was found
guilty of murder I don't know if his
second degree of first degree and he's
currently in prison
so when you are convicted of murder if
you found guilty of murder and you
convicted a murderer you are you are a
murderer as a matter of fact that white
girl who shot the black guy in his
apartment she was found guilty today
she's a murderer
her name is Amber Geiger and the jury
gave her a guilty verdict from she she
used to work for the Dallas Police
Department she's a murderer okay well
the thing about is like man I I just uh
I want to get back on the fact that you
refuse to acknowledge the the evidence
that present that black people don't get
shot for being black and if you're going
to reject that then I'm just you know
there's nothing we could talk about
because you're gonna reject all
statistics and all facts that I bring to
the table you know cuz you're you can't
be proven wrong even when you are wrong
you won't admit it you love the what
about ISM and you you you play gym that
you play mental gymnastics you moved the
goalposts this is I'm really curious
what would it take to convince you the
police brutality on black people was a
problem but what I need to show you you
would have to show me well I just did
here's the thing wait can you please
answer that question what would I have
done I'm going to answer it I'm going to
answer it
just be patient and I'm serious about
this uh-huh all right I did a lot of
what I've been incredibly patient but go
ahead oh you liar shut the [ __ ] up about
that line you ain't no patient okay I
have done a lot of work to really
educate you that yeah and I actually
took FBI statistics mm-hmm okay I've
taken state statistics I've actually
went to the top five law
police departments and got the police
brutality filing statistics out of there
to me none of this is is going to
convince you otherwise
because facts don't mean [ __ ] to you
it's all about promoting this false
narrative that police officers are a of
a grave danger too
two blanks win the top ten causes of
death to black people have nothing to do
with the use of force by police huh and
so I I'm serious when I say that it all
of this work I've done is just pointless
and I I have no interest in even in
presenting it to you because did you're
not you're not what do you call that you
can the Baader you're not a good faith I
know you're not you're not debating me
in good faith you're not okay and and
that's that's unfortunate because and
you their answer to your question is you
can't because I have the facts you have
feelings you I've have the actual facts
and a data and the data to prove that
it's not it's a non-issue do you want to
look at some facts so here's like a link
that analyzes six hundred any facts to
me yeah what facts you you said you said
no no that's not my feel is I tried to
show you the facts
wait wait link me the facts I want to
see him let's go over him I'm curious
what facts you have that exonerate all
police room shooting exonerate all
police hold a second cuz when I try to
give it to you you were like no I don't
you know what what did you say when I
try to present it to you about blacks
don't have to worry
about being shot general like black
people have to worry about yeah police
brutality man and then I said well I
actually have statistics to show that
white people white police officers are
less likely to shoot blacks than blacks
and Hispanics okay all right don't kill
more blacks per capita than they do
whites but they do not they do they do
not give me the give me the receipt yeah
I just linked it to your last yeah link
to do right there so 678 people have
been shot and killed by the police since
and and okay you sent me you sent me the
Washington Post and it's got a paywall
on it you're so done in an incognito
mode or whatever right no you did you
are such a snake like me you're sad so
we can begin like whatever stress you're
good then oh god you're such a [ __ ]
snake man hold on here okay sigh post
org and it's not behind a paywall okay
let's see if they like any stats in here
white police officers are not more
likely to fatally shoot minorities
compared to black or hispanic officers
and they're made of our federal please
you know one thing this isn't white
officers better than um it was
apparently sounds for a black americans
being shot by the police
is it true however that black citizens
are more likely to be shot by white
officers this isn't really what I'm
asking I don't know what the answer this
I don't really care the question is
whether or not it's there be a sarcastic
Danish who's being sarcastic the author
is it true however that black citizens
are more likely to shoot white officers
and then it going to say the answer to
this question is we spent over 1500
hours creating a national database of
information of all officers involved in
fatal shootings in the United States in
2015 our pay paper based on this data
published in July the 22nd reveals that
white officers are not more likely to
fatally shoot minorities civilians
compared to black or Hispanic officers
I don't care about I don't care I don't
care I don't care I don't care about the
race of the cops shooting the race of
the person we're talking about whether
or not police kill black people per
capita more than white people not
whether or not black police or white
police I don't care about that that
isn't okay no no no stop moving a
goalpost I'm not nothing at goalposts
and I'm proving I'm a prove that you did
I will prove that you did I said you
said that a black person has to worry
about getting shot by the police because
he's black and I actually if you stood
by those stats and you said yes and I
present it to you evidence that what you
said was bullsh
so in your paper that you just linked me
okay yeah I got more baby boy I got more
cuz I knew he was gonna be an [ __ ]
about this and you think I was gonna be
so listen to this so in the very thing
that you linked me if we scroll down
okay where it says the the percentages
of people that got shot of the civilians
fatally shot 55 percent were white 27
percent were black yeah right now white
people comprise 72 percent of the
population black people comprise like 12
or 13 percent so by the own thing you
linked me it looks like you're twice as
likely to get shot for being black as
you are for oh I know when you there not
be a shot for being black they're being
shot for resisting arrest and trying to
kill the police okay that might be true
but you need to forget it because the
data that you just me just proves my
point
I'm listen that might be true that what
you just linked me literally proves my
point even though black people are only
13% of the poppy
nations they represent one seven percent
of fatal civilian shootings the one day
argument for me you're like doing all
the words you're right dudes you know
what now don't you're right you are a
harder worker than me you're fighting
both ends of the [ __ ] debate I can't
even believe how much [ __ ] ass you're
hauling right now this is amazing I've
never had somebody doing so much work
for me before that's crazy
give me the [ __ ] receipts yeah let's
talk about the chokehold they put on
[ __ ] Eric garner that had him killed
but stop stop stop
running away grab your [ __ ] nuts and
provide me two receipts
our blacks being shot for being black
now you want to sit up here and move the
goalposts I just caught you I'm bringing
your ass back give me statistics some
proof receipts to show me that blacks
are shot for being black how am I
supposed to prove like what kind of what
kind of um oh [ __ ] somebody's like your
channel Hasan [ __ ] is a racist
damn you just put this out yesterday
because that [ __ ] is a racist
how do you know that because he gets on
he gets on his channel right when he got
back from his his band
I said Hasan go say something were
taught up I'm sorry can you say to our
word on twitch I don't know what you can
say in your phone okay so I didn't want
to get you in trouble and so the thing
about it is I said he don't say
something stupid so you know I'll have
him playing it in the background and so
he showed a video of him debating with a
conservative and so he gets up there he
goes the conservative guy said well at
least I had to work I had to work to get
where I am I didn't I'm not a part of
nepotism where my uncle hired me and
then Hasan stopped and said haha got him
look I wouldn't be talking about Uncle
her
I would say something but as against to
twitch Terms of Service this is why I
want white people to be able to say the
n-word that are where I want them to
basically say everything they want to
say so Hasan [ __ ] can be able to call
blacks racial slurs to show how much he
really feel about it like what racial
slurs what do you mean he was gonna call
him an Uncle Tom but he said he can't
call him an Uncle Tom because basically
that's against a twisty Terms of Service
how is uncle time a racial slur what to
tell me what Uncle Tom I mean you're
implying that somebody is being like a
traitor to their own race uh-huh and how
what makes some way a traitor to their
own race I mean it depends there's gonna
be any number of positions like what
give me one example yeah sure so like
going on to a public platform and
defending cops saying that cops don't
actually you know shooter kill black
people more than ways that was that but
that's facts and say they don't kill
what I'm saying is is that even if I did
say that
how is that a being a traitor to my race
well because people say that you're
representing white interest over lay
people are the only race that have a
name for being on different political
teams that's actually not true not only
is that not true I wish I had all of you
nope because there's one for white
people too and I bet you even watched it
before it's called white guilt exactly
yeah it is is the exact [ __ ] same
[ __ ] when it when a right person is
cucking out to some minorities right
just because they're trying to bridge it
you call him yo he's got white guilt
he's got white guilt that black guy is
an Uncle Tom the white dude's got white
guilt I'm sure there are names for
[ __ ] Mexicans and all that [ __ ] too
yeah Oh actually people call me this one
a gusano is a it's a Spanish for worm I
think people call me that as a Cuban
because they said that I'm a race trader
might give people gusano there's one I'm
sure there's one for [ __ ] every
[ __ ] race it's not just black people
is that if that's the only speak German
and English I don't speak Spanish so I
can't Val I can't cuz you lie a lot I
can't verify if that's true okay okay
but I can't verify that the white guilt
is not a
racial slur how is that not a racial
slur and it's not because it's not it is
you're invalidating a person's position
basically wait wait can you speak German
yeah wait do it tell me how your day was
you can't do it you're like dad you
don't have guns you don't have probably
you don't have [ __ ] German you
[ __ ] damn you're making so much
[ __ ] [ __ ] up that's all right you can
cure it man you got the supplies in your
[ __ ] from your Pathak closet you're
fine du bist Ashla there what I'm done
dude I can't tell me you hate me in
German I do not hear that anger I can't
do this German just do it I want to hear
it okay okay I can't do this with you
dude I I'm just gonna have to why do why
do liberals can you refer me to someone
on the left that will debate in good
faith if I can't handle you nobody else
over here can I promise you I
legitimately I'm not sure like if it's
all there if you're if you had like a
stroke or something or I don't know like
this is an unbelievably sad conversation
for me to have but I mean like I'm used
to them at this point I had a stroke do
you think I'd be able to yell if I had a
stroke I don't know some people with
strokes you know and by the way that was
racist
wait you having a stroke is racist yeah
cuz you trying to say that you know soul
food gives black people strokes and
that's the reason why we died of heart
disease actually the number one killer
of black people is heart disease so
basically bringing awareness to strokes
you're trying to say that Wow
too bad you can't put that [ __ ]
butter biscuits and fried chicken down
Archy hahaha see racist holy [ __ ]
I can play mental gymnastics just like
you know you got me dude
when I tell black people sometimes and
I'm like I want you to die in a car
accident what I'm really saying is
because I know that you eat so much soul
food and it makes your fingers so greasy
when you go to drive later because you
can't put down the chicken sticks you're
gonna slip your hand on the steering
wheel and crash into probably an
ex-slave owner and that's actually
racism right there you got it but heart
disease is preventable so it should
matter to you actually right cuz you
know you're all about those preventable
there you go there you go deflecting I'm
not affecting you so petty to because I
could tell with [ __ ] bothers you you
bring this [ __ ] up again just like
simmering um do you need a Frappuccino
Mochaccino I drink hot chocolate so i'ma
drink coffee can't you tell umm I don't
drink coffee so I thought Frappuccino
was like chocolate drink so excuse my
ignorance I'm sorry if it's got a Chino
in it doesn't that mean it's a like a
[ __ ] I don't I don't drink
um I don't drink coffee at all I know I
don't know anything about coffee so I'm
ignorant on coffee so I'm actually
sincerely asking you I don't and I don't
drink coffee either I thought if there's
a Chino at the end then it means that
there's like a that's like coffee like a
map Pitino or a Frappuccino or a
Mochaccino
I thought the Chino part means coffee
can you look that up for me please
because I'm seriously interested in
knowing if that's the case okay
I don't know how I would even begin to
link this up I'm not sure look up other
[ __ ] okay
what does Frappuccino mean okay a
Frappuccino is a portmanteau of frappé
the New England named for milkshake ice
cream and cappuccino an espresso coffee
with froth m'a okay what does cap
what does cappuccino mean okay so coffee
made with milk that is one front okay so
we need like odd the origin of
cappuccino okay here we go we're doing
it okay
don't worry I'm fine we're gonna find
this out all right bouts I'm you became
helpful damn when the cappuccino drink
was first introduced in it oh no it
doesn't tell me there just comes from
Capuchin friars because the color of the
espresso makes with froth frost
okay well maybe maybe is somewhat coffee
if it if it has expresso
in it am I wrong I mean you know I'm not
really sure okay
I'm sorry you you got me on this one I
haven't directly observed the answer so
I don't know if I can look it up either
wait what good are you apparently not
much
damn you can you can pull other [ __ ]
out this [ __ ] on narrative but when
it's something I really want to know
because I when when when I come across
things that I don't have any knowledge
about you know I want to know and you
can't even be a decent white person and
teach me something that I'm ignorant
about firstly it's not my job to teach
you anything secondly I disappear the
characterisation calling me a white
person okay Manish you are a little
white okay the thing about it is is that
I am asking you sincerely and I don't
know the answer to where the [ __ ] the
name cappuccino comes from I can't I
don't know how to find this answer for
you you know why cuz you hate black
people and you don't want to help us you
all you want to do is virtue signal
about how listen if I never see you I
will buy you every a pacino drink in a
Starbucks okay and you can test them all
all right and then you can tell me
that'll be my coffees in it it'll be
great I'll be paying reparations you'll
begin to drink coffee
[ __ ] win-win for both of us okay okay
I think I think we're about at the end
of this
okay well listen thank you for the
conversation you sound like you'd be a
lot of fun to be around even if we don't
agree on probably anything but I am a
lot of fun to be around
um I'm curious you don't have to answer
service to you personally how tall are
you 6 3 Jesus Christ he would tower over
me so he'd get to make me feel like I
mean I run everything bigger huh I'd be
a little beta liberal and everything I'd
be good
III I basically was given this advice
from another tall woman who was six foot
seven when I was in in middle school you
know she was saying don't don't take on
the tall girl purse
and only date tall men you'll grow up
alone and lonely and I'm glad I took her
advice because the best boyfriend to
this day I ever had with somebody was a
marine and he was five seven and a half
and I can happily say that tall men do
not have to prove their salt they are
automatically given the trophy of mighty
and powerful but I've noticed that
shorter men are more aggressive and
their go Gators
they have very high self-esteem and they
are actually better providers Dennett
almonds and I think because society
shits on them so much they have so many
obstacles to go through in order to
prove their worth
so rejection to someone who is short
will roll off his back
like duck like what on a duck's back
versus a tall person I find them hashtag
none at all to be more insecure than
shorter people so it as someone who six
foot three I must say I am a fan of
shorter guys do you know that my life
has been harder because I'm only five
eight do you think my life has been a
harder because I'm short then your life
has been harder because you're black I'm
curious let me think about that
do you city consider that well do you
consider five eight to be short well
apparently everyone on the internet does
I don't personally that's why I had to
think about like five eight that mean is
that really no I'm not sure really what
about a guy that's five six is his life
harder than two somebody yeah yeah yeah
it's he has a lot of challenges but I
think that's a false comparison to his
challenges as with his high versus
with my my color because we both can
take the challenges that were given and
overcome them it just makes you stronger
and that's why I think somebody who is
five six is going to be more successful
actually for example do you know who I
have a crush on and he actually para
please God [ __ ] Ben Shapiro he'll listen
you like people on the right I don't
like like you and Laura Lawrence
Sutherland us what happened you and her
are besties we're not best - you think
we're besties because later once twice
didn't and she invited you to her little
Shing ding at her channel did she I
don't remember this uh yeah you do
because you were there with uh did I
ever tell hold on a message hi Isla
Jimmy don't remember did I ever talk to
learn southern more than once or yes you
came on her channel with a couple of
other people oh and the big five on one
oh I don't remember
okay sure okay cool yeah you're right
you really aren't going through
Alzheimer's huh I talked to a lot of
crazy [ __ ] people I lose track of
them sometimes alright so I don't I
don't like a lot of people on the right
and that's why I'm independent so I
don't well it was a small guy they were
really into I really got it here now I'm
super calm Tyler Tyler won the streamer
wait do you watch I thought you said you
don't watch twitch I don't want I want
you to
I can't watch someone you he has a
YouTube channel alright are you hate no
I'm not it's just that's just the
strangest answer I've ever heard in my
life I'm somebody that doesn't watch
like video games and [ __ ] League of
Legends and sheds you why don't Pantages
a stupid game he plays I just like liked
to watch his react
and he's very animated and um yeah I
mean he's very pleasant oh nice I must
admit and uh I I was I watched a clip of
his where somebody in his stream said
hey you just lost 4,000 subscribers and
then he said want to see me no he said
you just lost 4,000 viewers and then ty
let's say I want to see me lose some
more wanna see me lose 4,000 more and he
go yelling into the mic that's that kind
of like I don't give a [ __ ] this is very
attractive I love that I don't give a
[ __ ] attitude and you know [ __ ] this
[ __ ] that now this that I love that I
love that okay I mean I agreed you I
liked how I wanted Ford literally the
same reasons but I was just curious
alright alright then well that's a I'm
gonna go I'm really I'm so disappointed
we didn't get a chance to get into a lot
of stuff but at least this was good
content for your your streamers and
their I mean for your wood it what is
that on Twitch subscribers and viewers
and followers how do you column servers
I think okay alright well um if you know
someone who would like to debate me in
good faith let me know okay I'll try to
find something better than me okay
because and and by the way if you ever
on the east side like you know let me
know I have some some cute some cute
white female friends I think you would I
mean cuz I do have a type and I have a
type first you know the past two girls I
dated were Mexican okay I just haven't
met any black people in the [ __ ]
streaming world no no these are white
women yeah but why would you assume my
type of white women never wish that on a
black woman to hook you up with her oh
my god why would I do that to her that's
absolutely torture and punishment god
this she'll beat my ass if I do some
[ __ ] like that
I'm trying to end I would
I have some white women friends I do
have them you know okay
did you see some black girls what the
[ __ ] you think that why would I do some
[ __ ] like that that's an abomination why
would I do that
okay if you ever were to get invited to
some big - it shows how would you feel
about that would you like to do that do
what to me have you ever heard of like
the Rajoy yeah uh I think uh Sargon was
or near with you in that [ __ ] Nazi
that was something like that but like oh
yeah I'll poke you in a few have you're
interested I kind of get because I I
would I would uh where you guys have a
see I would love to do that debate oh
gotta be awesome because I don't have to
worry about you getting a hissy fit and
not answering my question so yeah I
would love to do that cuz at least
somebody would be there in that in that
group that would debate in good faith
mm-hmm okay okay all right right well
thanks a lot Oh keep in touch right I'll
try to read through our whole email
thread before we have you to make sure
that I'm up-to-date on one screen and if
you can sin if you let me know where I
can send some ginkgo biloba to stop the
advancement of your Alzheimer's
I would definitely send you a year's
supply dude you know saying because you
know I like you like that I want to look
out for your health
gotcha okay I appreciate that thank you
very much bye buddy
see you later bye
[Music]
I sincerely wonder if people are missing
like structures of the brain or if like
I don't know holy [ __ ] what was the cop
asian question I was gonna ask her if I
punched a asian cop in the face in one
bar let's say that I go to a different
my coffee like different like and insane
and I see like a black cop can I punch
him since I haven't observed that I
don't know I just wanted I was just
really curious thought processes
non-existent holy [ __ ]
I was basically [ __ ] questions wew do
you think there's anything she oh it's
funny because she even came on and said
that she wasn't like a BL she wasn't
like the Anthony Brown oh yeah but she
really is she's like the exact same type
of person I don't mean like type like
skin color but because she was really
similar to your mother yeah maybe
what's the person who just talked to
they're like tree of logic unlike
24-years gods to me bonus meme bar
barbar dude she was great that was
actually a decent discussion also have
sex with her were you having fun you
seemed happy when you were debating
lefties she seemed like a really fun
person like I feel like this is a person
would be really fun to be around happy
wins but I mean I [ __ ] couldn't
disagree with every [ __ ] thing she'd
ever say but she seemed like pretty
funny
[Music]
