[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
hello everybody and welcome to of dice
and men how are you guys all doing today
doing well we're it is great good good
we do have a new character being added
to the party but they're not here yet
we'll introduce you shortly we want to
talk better discuss before our game gets
going Steven well why does that fall on
me I'm real excited today we've got to
MIT we're doing two mysteries at once we
were so adept at solving our last one we
are solving a haunted house mystery and
we were solving a stolen goods mystery
we have a haunted house that is being
haunted possibly by the dead man whose
death we investigated over the past
three episodes and we are also being
tasked with investigating a case of
stolen goods from the very mind that
that dead man was lording over I guess
and we're gonna try to find out who
stole those goods they must be up to
must be up to no good so yeah that's
what we're working on today so why don't
we hop into game and believe it is
Tuesday the 8th of January 1512 you guys
are all at 1hp
I guess you have had a short breast and
maybe you could roll for things and you
are trying to take a long rest and gain
back your HP and your spell's and all
your abilities mm-hmm all right so you
are in town you are in your house your
office and what is the conversation like
in the office today telling you mean we
need we need it hire another person
maybe we have another person to help us
with this activity you've almost died
multiple times top three now but that's
all right you know if you don't I almost
died then then what's the point of
fighting it all death I'm almost dying
every day I'd like to live the remainder
of my lives and Hokie you're not even
that old dak I'm 133 years old
I mean what I'm I'm about uh I'm
fifty-one you know I mean I'm catching
up on you it's not it's not too far
well you're still like young
whippersnapper to me no you know Toki
wait I want to I want to drop my voice
to like a seductive tone okay oh okay
you're looking great I did I did I did
put on some new makeup recently you
notice did you um did you have any um
did you have any news you know and girly
girlfriends in the past stuff oh yes yes
of course but uh none at the moment now
Daffy I'm a very jealous sort of dwarf
and I'd really appreciate it if I knew
member was a male you know jokey that
might be able to be arranged
uh you are a great leader I don't regret
coming to various operations agency of
course sorry that's my say that did my
seductive voice I'm so seduced right now
cat I mean thank you I mean I'm trying
my best
yeah we're role-playing right yeah so
how are you gonna go about finding a new
person to bring on in well we need a
mont we needs a muscle okay but I uh I
happen to know quite a few people around
town so I don't think it'll be difficult
to find a fourth member of the party we
can put a place we can put up fliers oh
we could have auditions of sorts oh yes
auditions mm-hmm
we get up um well we can host it in our
in our in our humble abode
oh but there are some people who can't
read right so what if we stand outside
our agency and be like hiring me muscles
hi yogi I think you would be great at
that I think you should do that
alright okay so now heads outside to
just yelling okay
while they um well they're gonna go and
do the recruitment can I um can I just
like stay in my room all day and read
that book I don't know how long it would
take me to read it which book is this it
was the one that I was carrying when we
were doing the ghost guy there was a
book that kept being dropped on the
floor and we yeah yes you pick it up and
you can read while they go about their
business okay perfect some Toki oh yes
death are there any places in town I
know of where like um I know like maybe
there's a bar where I know a lot of
people that would be good at being a
muscle or something like that like maybe
I frequent a bar around here and yeah
there are definitely sort of a
rough-and-tumble sort of bars where you
might be able to find a strong man to
help you out with something and one way
or another I don't want to go check out
some some taverns go check out it go
with death okay you guys head on down to
the snow is now my favorite it's mine
one of my favorite averse you have some
good ill mm-hmm and down here in this
little snout you find this sort of a
this a big tall guy with a large barrel
chest no shirt on he's got a two-handed
axe propped up at the table next to him
he's got a bits of leather wrapped
around his forearms around shins as well
tall boots that kind of come up halfway
over the the shin guards bald head with
tattoos around it in circles
he's standing over at the bar chatting
with the bartender and this looks like
the biggest strongest guy you've ever
seen um do I know this guy never seen
him in your life okay
Hey all right mm-hmm I can tap death
check out some muscle head over there
mm-hmm yes looks quite meaty quite
mostly quite I think mmm we shall we had
perching together or we shall toki we
shall I think I think it'd be best to
approach him head-on what do you think I
I agree with you you are the leader
after all with that all right let's go
let's go walk right up to him you walk
up to this guy who towers are good you
know two feet over you what half a
half-elf and you're at Dwarfs and this
guy's six something huge write-ins
towering way over you you walk up to him
and he slowly turns has had to face you
looking out of the corner of his eye and
grunts at you what uh uh hello I'm I'm
Daffy I run a boa or various operations
agency and we are looking to hire
someone of your caliber someone who is
mostly and meaty and tanky and can help
us out on our rough and tough adventures
EB paid of course of course
mmm-hmm dude dry now like what exactly
he'd be paid a month I guess we don't
really have an income yeah guys are kind
of salaries yeah all right I wanna I
wanna um okay I want to try to persuade
him by saying you know we are the most
well known detective agency in town we
solve lots of mysteries and we just did
a very high-profile case by requested by
the Chancellor herself we make lots of
gold and I'm sure joining boa would be
in your best interest I wanna give a
charming half-elf fired smile mm-hmm
what's in it for me gold lots of it a
nice place to say story your own room
your own room breakfast yeah breakfast
from a druid herself
I make excellent scones yes auntie - he
shakes his head at you guys and turns
back to the table wait wait hey what if
I can what if I were to tell you that we
money stop you anyone who's offering
breakfast and scones it's not gonna fit
with me okay I want to crush your skulls
with my hands and watch the blood run
out of your well it's nice talking to
you sir let's go death I don't think
this gentleman is interested in our
endeavors all right well um we'll see
you next time we're making 10,000 gold a
mission again you're not part of it hmm
you guys step out of the bar and see
this other large hulking ish figure but
not quite as big you know it's guys 6 6
240 pounds brown hair
kind of youngish looking but he looks
broke as [ __ ] right he's like got kind
of a shirt on and it's not buttoned up
the front it's like sort of bare chest
but you can tell us because the buttons
are missing it's not like a style things
answer toward sort of ripped he's got
like a backpack over one arm that looks
a little worn and he's carrying a sword
in a shield and literally nothing else
his sandals are a little tattered he's
got that like I've been wandering the
desert for days and days and I'm lost
look in his eyes burned I want to point
him out to Toki and say hey look he's
poor he needs us oh boy let me handle
this deaf go on okay legal of Tim young
man and I lend a hand
give him a hand my hand I'll do like a
jump and say hmm yes you do you look
like you're down on your luck how would
you like to turn that look right upside
down something yeah yeah what you want
it's more I love a question of what you
want you want money you want fame riches
a place to stay where various operations
agency dude we're the best
frigging Detective Agency into town in
fact the only detective agency in the
town yeah mysteries and get gold you
give me food food I'll give you all the
food Oh what what kind of food scones
meat I mean not meat I mean vegetables I
want meat if you if you really if you
wanted family I don't eat meat but I
would cook meat for you yeah we pay you
for food and I'll hand him my two copper
the only two copper I have
I'll take food yes I whisper to death
disguise an idiot I want a whisper back
he's perfect
what's your name me Lindy Melanie you
Melanie
yes Melanie Milani
millennial let me me Lenny meet us Lenny
Lenny Lenny just Lenny Lenny Lenny the
brown bear hey by your official title
Lenny
official fish swim yes
Lenny you you fight let me fight well
particular huh yes
what do you fight with and I'll just
show ya
let's let's let's take him in Duff I
like him
he doesn't talk back mmm-hmm
mild-mannered very nice very nice all
right lemme follow us and we'll give you
some food tell me about scone close
scone is an amazing meal one like you
can never taste it before there's one
fluffy buttery honey at the top that's
slightly crispy at the outside but
fluffy on the inside and piping hot
excited eats gone you fight for us
you eat scone I fight for scone you
fight for scones exactly yeah alright
let's go back home alright you bring
lenny right on back to your home he pops
on in completing the table now you still
got a week to rest and relax so you got
a shield lenny around and as you're
taking him over to his room upstairs you
suddenly remember [ __ ] we've just won
twelve stolen magic lanterns in his
bedroom
I mean we can ask him to wait outside
right yeah yeah yeah like why don't you
make him
food yeah
move the lanterns into your room dad for
my room we have two bigger rooms alright
alright I will move the lanterns into uh
and to like you know a little bit into
both of our rooms so it's not too
crowded rooms yeah yes um so that uh
well Toki makes Lennie some food
yeah you know I'm gonna pour him some
tea I have some leftovers you know
where's notes so Nevins is in his bed
reading okay I wanna um when I knock on
nevets door while I'm up there thank you
hello
navigate I get it a bed and I how far
how much of this book have I read by now
acquirement you've gotten like the first
chapter in and it's a pretty decent
murder mystery novel oh I should have
ignored the first knock actually I'd
have been so captivated but okay I get
up and I open the door yes what would
you guys like today well we have uh we
have our muscle oh we found another
party member mm-hmm knees up are there
going to be quiet about the lanterns
that we have stored here you informed
them of those correct mmm I think it
would be in our best interest not to
inform him of the lamps because you know
he seems very nice very excited but very
dumb very very very dumb well given that
we're tasked with investigating who
stole the very lanterns we hold maybe
that's in our best interest for now do
we have another storage place for these
Oh mine and toki's room he doesn't have
to go in there I don't think he'll go in
anywhere that he isn't pointed to okay
home sounds good should I go downstairs
and meet this man yeah you
the party assembles downstairs for tea
and scones and Lenny I need you to roll
me a 3d six for your hotness because
everybody else rolled and it's time
let's see hold pretty good-looking roll
you are the most attractive person in
the party Lenny's not Lenny's hot Dom
pokey don't you dare
hot and dumb is exactly what you want in
a man yeah that's what a lot of people
want women that's awesome
Steve thanks and I don't know if I
should be flattered that you called me
smart or insulted that you called me
ugly but thanks I'll take it mr. moon
okay we're downstairs around the table
what a good-looking fellow here have
some more scones just pushing food on to
him I'll grab a scone and put it on math
and just start going George go go don't
go so this here nuggets
his name is Lenny and he's he he fights
well let's use him kill anybody in your
day Lenny meet anyone named George go to
any farms mm-hmm have you killed anyone
I killed bear
oh you've killed a bear mini bear many
bears
Lenny measurement ever actually works
for anyone in your entire life have you
done work and I make like a hammer thing
for money and I'd like to take out like
a gold coin me work for food me kill for
food what were you doing before you came
here I live with tribe mob dad
cousin
brother where they Ned and I'll I would
I'd know I probably wouldn't know like
the name I'd North up Oh up because he
reads maps okay
white know that I came down right so
down from where the mountains down from
the sky okay why why did you come down
someone told me to visit [ __ ] port if I
want adventure adventure yes see world
each scone um well Lenny we can provide
you with lots of adventure I want to do
a little pose like an adventure but no
you know I'm excited like adventure DBZ
yeah exactly
strike a pose is it a good pose problem
give us a charisma check well my role is
the best in town performance is probably
a little bit better alright well I'm
going to performer oh yeah
has a good ass pose Lenny is impress
teach teach me how to do that sure uh
just uh knock some skulls together for
us and I'll teach you anything all right
Lenny okay give me schoo and I knock
school protect you all tiny
yes mm-hmm very very big mm-hmm very big
strong we very tiny we use magic we use
words you use fists me protect tiny yeah
I shake my head and I walk back upstairs
in my book
horrible tell us I'm insane this is
perfect we don't have to pay him
anything this guy is so Stu close but so
good-looking okay sorry sorry
yes yes we pay him in food yes cute like
a little puppy big puppy no big strong
baby did you got supplies to keep them
fed for a while um and I guess we can
just roll on through the rest of the
week of downtime was there anything else
you wanted to do while you take a long
rest if we go down to the [ __ ] whaler's
bay how many days travel is that about a
day there is it possible to travel like
slowly and safely like with a caravan of
like travellers or somebody to be or is
it always like on your own I'm basically
asking is our way to get to that town
without interrupt my long rest yeah you
could probably find a safe way there
with a bunch of other people the route
is gonna be pretty heavy terrain rugged
terrain is the the relative safe so I
would give you like a constitution
saving throw to see if it doesn't
interrupt your long rest because it is
like heavy hiking and you're gonna rip
any wounds that are already starting to
heal actually I don't care I've already
had a short rest right yeah
wait I don't have spell slots I don't
care about this [ __ ] wait hold on let me
how many short rest have we had one
one nice okay you get one one died back
on that short rest or yep good that's
all I need
okay I think I might travel to the to
whaler's bay do you um oh here I guess
do you think we should travel to
whaler's bay while we recover maybe we
can track down that maid and ask her a
few questions so we don't have anything
else to do in the meantime that'd
probably be a good idea Kelly
so no long rest oh no I can go on my own
actually because these people really
need to long rest I mean I need my skill
slots yeah I'm sorry okay yeah why'd you
ask the lady to send you word from the
Maine she promised that she would send
you word just as a reminder oh dude oh I
don't remember that at all okay
oh well that case never manthan on the
stand read um okay I want to you go out
to the market by myself or with whoever
wants to come I guess I guess okay
wait wait I want to go to Lenny and I
want to say Lenny do you want uh some
new clothes let me take you shopping
clothes clothes I want a gesture I want
to pull on my little puffy shirt when
he'll start to talk about it ooh I like
yes you want on you yes okay let's go
get clothes scone oh it's going very
good all right you head down to the
market to get Lenny some clothes we're
gonna do a clothing shopping episode
everybody all right you get to the
market
there's stalls everywhere there's all
sorts of fine linens and Cotton's and
silks from all over the world what do we
got here we got some dwarves hock in
some where's my nice sturdy digging
clothes you got some halflings with your
accessible like utility kilt style
farming implements Lowe's
you got some half-elves selling silks
from the far north east what are you
interested in Lenny what looks good
more's I love little people okay let's
go to the doors place yes you find the
dwarf there and she looks up at you the
middle-aged dwarf that she is and goes
well I don't think we're gonna have
anything that fits you can you make
something that fits in uh-huh
I'm used to tidy clothes my brother wait
taller I can't he get his leftovers Oh
God all right she blinks a few more
times at your enormous height what do
you want clothes I want to turn to the
dwarf and say anything comfy reliable
and good for fighting the dwarf nods and
whatever toki drawers is what you're
gonna end up looking like can you do us
a quick sketch can you a new design just
clothes for us is that too much to ask
no I can't do it
uh-huh wait have you ever seen the movie
Django used to me I don't know why
hosting the second thing did when he
watchin - the body's getting the dope is
[ __ ] hell yeah
this is fun very domestic episode
shopping yeah so you guys come to some
agreement about clothes for Lenny see
what it's gonna cost you guys and other
than that I think was there anything
else you guys wanted to do um I want to
ask Lenny if he has anything else that
he means uh and I'll gesture to my
weapons again this is all I need
besides gonna okay sounds good so
someone chill out 200 copper to get to
get Lenny some decent clothes Lenny what
color it what color is Lenny's hair
mm-hm
long brown hair long brown hair party
funds yeah um did you say how much
copper is 200 copper is to gold or 20
silver the topper system superior kay
you gonna get on it I'm sorry yes yeah
talking talking copper we don't talking
Benjamins here okay it makes more sense
amen great
all right we're good right okay yeah so
two days later wolf lord Kell silver
horn is to be executed in the town
square
Nobles from all over have arrived to
witness this man's execution as well as
a bunch of various Knights
some of them brought here for their own
entertainment and judgment some of them
dragged along by their higher-ups as a
reminder of their position in the world
you guys can attend if you would like
like it's a quick public affair they
bring them out they sentence him to
death he puts his head down wait ah [ __ ]
is this happening right now or are you
just tell me how it's going to happen
I'm telling you how it's gonna be told
me to wait so is the what did he confess
to everything when when he was in prison
you said that he like confessed to the
crimes right he did he confessed to
everything to killing him because he
wanted the mind and all that he didn't
mention any accomplice or anything else
like that correct is the Chancellor here
watching the execution oh yeah she's
standing right next to the prince up on
the little execution block the stage
kid hahaha
Kip can I run out from the crowd and beg
for an audience for like two seconds are
we all here or is this I think yeah I
think the party's arrived and as he's
being you know put his head on the block
and the executioner is getting his acts
all nice and sharp and ready you burst
from the crowd yelling wait and
approached the steps and the Chancellor
and the prince to you and the
executioner pauses the crowd sort of
jeers they're their bloodthirsty and
ready to see this happen
the guards block your route as the
Chancellor steps forward standing right
behind them at the top of stairs looking
down towards you and goes okay I drum no
I'm just kidding okay we I I am i okay
to approach a chancellor may I please
pull you aside for one moment to have a
quick word with you we're a little busy
I understand but it is of the utmost
importance and I think it might even be
relevant to the safety of the people in
your town she pushes past the guards and
comes over to lean and close you guys
can whisper to each other okay I am so
incredibly sorry that we did not bring
this to your attention sooner
however we are being tasked with an
investigation and it looks like the
ghost of Lord silver horn himself might
be terrorizing people of your town now I
know that this is very last moment but
it is very possible that his nephew here
Cal Drake might actually be of some
assistance in this investigation if his
word silver horns ghost is terrorizing
the town and this is the first I'm
hearing of it
so initially we weren't sure if it was
him but we were doing some more
investigation last night and I believe
that we came upon this tidbit of
information we were trying to ascertain
the identity of the ghost but it is
possible that it is actually him and it
you know for the safety of the town it
might actually be worth looking into a
minute longer before executing his
nephew here just in case he might come
in handy with this investigation the
prince calls over saying what's the
holdup
flair quickly hurries over to him and
whispers to him and he gets a confused
look on his face nods a little bit and
like races hand to the executioner who
like puts down his axe pulls up the the
doomed man and the Chancellor comes back
to you saying
the prince is interested in hearing a
little bit more about this are you sure
you need this man people have traveled
from all over for this event how many
how many days have we rested you've had
I think one to three nights of rest it's
a Friday the 11th this is happening let
me just throw up 1 1 more than 3 ok wait
and then one more one more night of rest
hold on let me just make a share ok yeah
that's ok I just make a chair I'm at a
full-hp just in case coiba wants to
throw a curveball at me yeah so okay so
I'm still talking to the Chancellor
who's in front of me right now yeah just
a chance to okay it is entirely possible
that maybe he will not be fruitful at
all to our investigation I'm just to
ensure the the residents of the town
their safety I think it might you know I
will leave this to your discretion I'm
so sorry for bothering you but consider
it neveress is very timid okay just
ordered [ __ ] the execution of someone
to stop this very timid I only say this
because I'm looking out for the safety
of the people in your village so I
totally leave it up to you at the end of
the day it's your call absolutely your
majesty and I'd do an exaggerated bow or
whatever she brings you up the onto the
stage to talk to to basically repeat the
same thing to print the prints of
chronic are we watching this yes you
guys are watching the crowd as sort of
cheering and jeering there's a lot of
booze
on people want to see blood they came
here for blood to see a guy's head roll
and I'll poke Daffy and be like what
tiny man doing
did-did-did nevets did you tell us about
this that's or no I think that thought
would have listened quite we started
talking real fast yeah we probably would
have talked about we would have talked
about this on the way to the execution
for sure okay all right well we might
need that man and gesture to the you
know guy about to die in our
investigation so uh postponed I guess ok
I'm going up to who the Prince the
Prince yeah you say this man cried his
deeds are so atrocious that they have
raised the dead back to life and are
haunting our talents your highness it is
incredibly possible that that is the
case there was a very recent development
in our investigation last night now for
obvious reasons only you and the chance
to know about this we were trying to
keep this under wraps as much as
possible so as to not raise alarm with
the people in the to town so I think it
would be good if we had just maybe one
or two nights to speak to Cal Drake at
your discretion of course my majesty
[Music]
he looks out over the assembled people
the Knights and the nobles who have
traveled days just to come to watch the
execution as he looks out come Prince
may I suggest since it seems these
people here I gathered for a good time
you know we just hired a very strong
warrior perhaps there is somebody that
would like to challenge him and they
could fight in the pits for a day to
appease the travelers that have gathered
here for blood
he weighs all of this looks out over the
crowd and comes forward to speak
settling the people down for a moment
before proclaiming hell Drake silver
horn has committed crimes against the
kingdom against his family and against
the God since themselves so heinous were
his acts of evil that the very men he
has slain have risen from the dead to
haunt him and to haunt our town
apparently we are not quite done with
this man but let us all be reminded of
his horrific deeds to which there is
more like Oh gasping and and looking
around and some terror in people's eyes
and then questions from everybody all at
once you know other Nobles kind of
pushing forward to the stage asking
things you can hear them saying like
where's the haunting are we safe all
sorts of things wring out and then Lords
try and like wave everyone down but it's
too much of a mess and so his guards
just escort him and the Chancellor and
the prisoner and the executioner away as
the Chancellor
Rosa comment at you saying you find us
at the prisons before the Lord and his
retinue depart is everyone still yelling
and oh yeah people are pissed I want to
go up there's like a little little stage
the executioner's right mm-hmm I want to
fight my way through the crowd and try
to go up to the little stage do you make
it up to little stage okay I want to say
please please and try to you know bloom
my voice over the crowd as best as I can
using projection that I've learned from
years of being a singer a bard
okay mm-hmm don't say please everybody
it's all right
not much is known about the ghosts so
far but I
assure you you are all safe they're
contained to one place and none of you
must worry where's the haunted place are
we in danger you're not in danger no one
is in danger you're all only in danger
of racking anxiety and fear okay calm
down as best you can take care of
yourselves
go home bundle up make some tea
you're all going to be okay please do
not fret about where the ghosts where
are the ghost does not concern you my
good people you hear someone shouting I
saw a ghost it's over there pointing to
some random building the crowd is you
know kind of they're hungry for
information yeah the very public
execution because of ghosts now you're
like well don't worry about them they're
not a big deal but we're gonna stop the
execution for it
okay can I government conspiracy and
coverup is what this is all right I want
to I want to try to intimidate them the
whole crowd well I guess I don't know
please
oh that's a good idea okay yeah okay
I'll get out one of my instruments make
it a rock concert all right my violin
and then I'll start singing a song
what's the song about it's about um it's
about I guess it's about our the guys
about the ghosts you're gonna do a
haunting melody on your violin about
ghosts
no it's gonna be about um about the town
yeah it's
and what about these busters she's just
gonna play ghostbusters on your violin
is it allowed give me a performance
check here who are you gonna call whoa
uh oh yeah I also wanna I also want to
ad libs lyrics that like advertises our
company and also tries to like calm down
the people you know what I mean that's
my goal
excellent you said performance
performance oh it's amazing
it wasn't that but you you play them a
song you talk about ghosts you talk
about who do you call when there's
ghosts around you called Lola and you
work in like we're on the corner of like
Count Street and apple pie and you can
find us there I don't know what your
address is you can make it up yeah okay
um Daffy is a very very um he's a
showman you know so he's doing like like
he's dancing and stuff you know he's
very showy perfect yes excellent all
right
eventually breaks off course of course
you finish your songs you guys head back
to your your office I guess you can head
on over to the the prison's to if you'd
like to go talk to the condemned yes
okay let's uh bring you to the prison um
can we chat with each other while we're
walking there absolutely okay bye if I
finish my book by now can you give me
the contents sure uh it's a decent
murdering miss murder mystery this noble
family is investigating the murder of a
whole bunch of like villagers kind of
strung out along this river and they
keep disappearing and at first they
think it's like some sort of
supernatural spirits or gods or you know
monsters that come out but then it
appears over time that there's some sort
of pattern arising all these people sort
of know each
they're really tangentially and the the
end villain was the sheriff in one of
these towns who visits all the others
and he was going about murdering people
who had like slightly wronged him in
different ways he was the bad guy
it was a you know seven half out of ten
book not terrible it's like what the
twelfth book in a series so it's what
you've come to expect from I need a
closer analysis can you please send me
the text of the book yeah I'm just gonna
start writing the book right now and
I'll send it to you when I'm done okay
okay all right as we're walking there I
guess I'm sorry we probably should have
discussed this earlier but it is
possible that bringing Kel Drake to this
mansion might provoke some sort of
activity from the ghost that could be
useful from us but now I prepared yeah I
think we'll be a lot better off but um
are we just gonna bring him to the
mansion straight out maybe we should
actually now that the prints and the
chance are involved they may be willing
to sacrifice some guards to help us well
maybe not sacrifice some guards but well
not sacrifice yes perhaps if we just
tell them that we would like to bring
Kel Drake with us they'll provide us
with some amount of armed guards and
once we get there we'll have more help
when it comes to dealing with the
spectres mm-hmm I agree they're uh
clearly a little above our pay grade
that's all right we'll be fine
yeah uh as we're walking home nege toki
and say Oh miss Toki when when time to
eat um we're gonna have dinner soon if
are you hungry
Lenny yes okay I'm a fish in my bag pull
like a small piece of candy and give it
to Lenny let me enjoy it
[Music]
thank you Miss Doki no problem
excellent all right so what is the other
conversation you're having on your way
there Steve I'm sorry I totally just
spaced say that again you said we're
talking on the way there yeah you said
you wanted to have a conversation on the
way there
oh no that was literally it I just
wanted to talk about bringing a Cal
Drake on the guards to the to the place
yeah unless anyone else does anything
they want to say mm-hmm I want to say to
Lenny
now Lenny this is our first time
venturing together and I want to warn
you that this place and I want a gesture
ahead of us like where we're going right
is very spooky lots of scary things
things you might have never seen before
wait we're just going to the prison
right now right Oh tasty yeah where do
we have to go to play mental any okay um
I mean I guess I guess I should we
should probably keep Lenny updated right
we're going to a prison to get someone
who committed murder against his own
uncle to help us on our ghost
investigation we break him out no we
actually got permission oh okay I have
permission to break him out
we've permission to take him out I'll
not take him out not take him out
maybe later
me confirma so let's just let's go Lenny
will suck on his candy all right you
guys arrived at the prison and there are
the prints of Kron wick the Chancellor
the princes you know guards and advisors
a few other nobles from out of town and
there seems to be some level of arguing
over the meaning of this
when you guys arrive and get brought
down and the Chancellor's the princess
no now we have the various operations
agency here to clear this up what do you
have to say leading well we would um we
would like to request to take mr. silver
horn here to the silver horn Manor
Estate and perhaps potentially provoke
some ghosts now we investigated the
estate yesterday and we heard many or we
are led to believe that mr. Lord silver
horn has his haunting haunting as a
state looking down already why do you
need this one because he wants revenge
on him he needs I think when when mr.
silver one here will be brought to the
estate the ghosts will react very
strongly and we need him to see exactly
what kind of ghost these are and if they
truly are silver horn
and you will do this tonight
well we were in a little bit of a long
rest but uh hi suppose okay I think I
stepped forward and I put my hand on her
shoulder I think what she's trying to
say is there are a few preparations that
we must make to he sorry I'm very
nervous
I think what he's trying to say is that
there are a few preparations that we
would like to make before we actually um
you know go to the manor in order to
ensure the safety of the townspeople and
to make sure that we have the
appropriate artifacts with us to make
sure that we're not wasting anybody's
time we would very much like to only
bring him to the manor a single time and
then we'll be done with him and we will
be completely out of your way to do with
him as you wish the prince looks you up
and down with judging eyes before
agreeing to your use you can when you've
gathered what you need come down to the
jail we will leave him in chains for you
and you can escort him where you need
but do be aware that we will have guards
on the gates and on the walls and if you
try to smuggle him out of the city it
will be your head we are cutting off in
public
dream it works and actually Prince if I
if I could so ask for both your safety
and our own as you know we were involved
in the investigation of that mine and
Cal Drake is is quite the fierce warrior
it might even be preferential for you to
escort us into the building we truly
have nothing to hide from you and it
would ensure the safety of all parties
involved to make sure that he doesn't
actually escape through any foul play
and we would very much welcome that
kind of oversight perhaps you're right
perhaps this is a matter for the states
instead of a private agency well we
don't I can have my men take care of the
rest of these details it's probably
better to have those in charge taking
care of hauntings rather than private
company have any has anyone in charge
ever dealt with hauntings true hauntings
I saw these ghosts with my own eyes last
night and they are fierce I'm I'm sorry
to say but I don't think any of your
guards are very well equipped to handle
them alone
without us experienced members of OA who
have dealt with such matters before and
we've dealt with ghosts we have hmm
ghost hunters ghostbusters he's not a
matter to be tread on lightly sir these
this is the most ghastly ghosts I've
ever seen
Joe I think we need as much help as we
can get and vice-versa
if you need as much help as you can get
then it only stands to reason that I
will employ my guards my clerics and my
wizards to see this matter to end
quickly don't worry we'll take care of
it from here whose house is it that's
haunted there's a blue and silver horns
we can take care of it I assure you
you're asking for help and I'm saying I
can take care of it instead I don't see
why you need to be doing this well are
your I mean we actually had a cleric of
our own lined up to help us with the
investigation a very very experienced
cleric so I think I think we'll be okay
with just a few guards can you manage
this on your own or do I need to step in
and take care of it for you um oh me
we'll all manage it Oh your your your
majesty you do not bring confidence into
this negotiation perhaps it would be
better if we took care of it no we can
take care of it we've been doing it are
you sure I'm sure
then take care of it and he storms out
sort of pissed so you guys can come back
and pick them up waiting you need any
time in the next week and take them to
wherever you want you'll have one or two
guards to escort him around and that'll
be that
what types of guards are these these are
prints guards he's got to be strong guys
level fives sure you want to split XP
with to level five characters I don't
have to split xp we should have they're
dead quite boo but okay all right just
checking
yeah all right well you got another four
days of downtime before you're all
rested sounds good all right why don't
we take a short break and when we come
back we'll investigate the mansion
okay I'm still trying his clothes we on
break sieve do I need to do that just
I'm fine into the card hold on okay
we'll catch you guys on the other side
of the break
don't go anywhere bye hello everybody
and welcome back to ab dice and men we
have a few more days of downtime in
which you guys can prepare your latest
party member for their trip to the
haunted mansion as well as gather get
the almost dead Kelso over Horton along
with you
and in which you get a note from lady
Sandra down in whaler's bay she says
after investigating with the first made
what she saw when she woke up and and
fled town was quell a knock out Lord
silver horn rummaging around in the
kitchen late one night but like halfway
through the kitchen like standing inside
of the the counter so his legs like
below in the cabinets and his upper
bodies just above the counter as if he's
like reaching through cupboards and
trying to pull things out but he never
brings anything out he's semi phased
through something and then he turned to
look at her and that's when she screamed
to grab your [ __ ] and bolted Wow yeah so
she saw someone - so ladies Andra is
home now
nope she's just reporting back from
whaler's bay with that letter oh you had
asked to her to sent to you okay so
you've all had a long rest
it is now Tuesday the 15th of January
1512 you've had a few people come
bringing you cases of ghosts in their
houses nearby in the time that you've
had down time and they've all been very
obviously like no there's not a ghost in
your house the weird creaking noise is
like the
store on the barn or that like rattling
noise coming through the wall
that's just your neighbors getting it on
on like a creaky bed you know it's
there's no ghosts here they get paid for
those it's a good question probably
insignificant is it like we've got
ghosts we've got ghosts and then when
you guys like sorry it's just a barn
door the like oh well I guess I don't
need ghost hunters bye
and then they do so and you guys are
resting and how much time do you want to
like setting running out of dirty
presents I um
while we were arresting I wanted to try
to find a cleric or like someone magical
who could help us specifically with
ghosts is there not a cleric in the
party no you are a bard and a druid
which are both near the clerk's but not
quite there is a cleric in town could I
go yeah could I go talk to them
sure the high cleric in town is a woman
known as mother Gilda she's a hundred
year old dwarf and a cleric of Martha
the goddess of healing and life Toki's
gonna love her I love doors all right
let's uh does she where she located do I
know yeah she's in the the big temple in
town okay I want to go to that big
Timberland I'm sorry I have a genetics
question um can dwarves and humans and
stuff buried in your world or humans and
dwarves do not interbreed do not or
cannot cannot they will not bear
offspring just carry what about elves
and dwarves and humans well well you
can't mix three but uh well I'm like is
there any combination of any of these
like outside racial things elves and
humans they all mix elves and orcs can
mix I think elves and goblins Kidd mix
but it just doesn't happen ever
wait hours and dwarves can you said I'm
elves and humans
humans and sorry humans are the race
that breeds with other people so humans
can mix with elves or orcs or goblins
maybe a few other things here and there
I don't think anything mixes with
dwarves or nose or halflings sounds good
how people tried why don't you try damn
to the temple to the temple yes all
right
you end up at the big Cathedral in town
and you are looking for mother Gilda you
can find her leading services yeah I
want to wait to the end of her service
and then I would like to approach her
excellent you approach sure she sees you
welcome child how may I help you hello
umm it's nice to meet you I'm deaf I run
a detective agency in town called Villa
and I assume you've been white the talk
of the temple since your little
announcement yes um so you've heard of
the the ghosts well um I'm sure mm a
cleric like yourself is very well-versed
in ghosts and getting rid of them am I
correct
I have some knowledge and expertise in
this subject but it is not my area of
specialization well I was wondering if
you would accompany us to the silver
horn estate to help us get rid of the
ghosts and send them on their way I have
only heard very very good things about
you positive things about how kind and
helpful you are and devoted to your God
and I know that I thought that you would
be willing to help because this ghost is
rampaging on these poor people in the
estate they had to flee town they're
terrified and I'm not sure if boa has
all the resources to drive out a ghost
and I thought you would be the best
person to ask for assistance
as I understand it boa is an agency
hired by others to complete
investigations missions has questions
yes wonderful and what is your pay for
this job
um wait what did we what did the lady
Sandra say she bears cheat although she
pay us tip tip 150 no 15000 conversing
two gold pieces yeah um can I offer her
mmm I can pay you I to know how much are
you being paid for this job and remember
I am a cleric of Martha and the head
cleric in town
yes we're being made of 15,000 copper
why don't you hand the contract over to
me and I will gladly take care of this
issue god damn it just leave all right
we're not getting help
well I'm very disappointed in your lack
of mm of graciousness my lady I was um I
was very willing to pay you for your
help and your assistance and I was
you're asking me to solve your problems
for you but not take the pain for you I
was going to pay you and I wasn't you
weren't going to solve the problems
you're going to assist they're asking me
to clear the place of ghosts you're
asking for an a an exorcist to get rid
of ghosts right is that not the entirety
of your
well how what part of it would you be
fulfilling if I were to come along yes
there would it would be nothing to fight
I can handle this simply hand over the
contract to me and I shall do it easily
right can I am walk for it
I never mind I shouldn't never what
what's what fun with your um with your
go off King never is clearly frustrated
places his hand on our brave leader -
shoulder perhaps if this cleric of
Martha is more concerned with gold than
good we should just take our services
elsewhere I agree I'm thoroughly
disappointed okay my god is scone yeah
we're leaving we're leaving and we're
gonna eat scone may the mother have
mercy on your souls and yours you'll
need it ha ha whoa ah bean I'm not
claiming all right okay let's go um
alright nevets you're a reader right I
think um it would do us all best if you
would start reading heavily on ghosts
and exorcism
because clearly we're not gonna get them
yellow I can read can you
yes what can you what can you read the
weather what she's like
good a job alright we should we should
carry around scones like treats
thank you yeah I'm gonna carry on bags
of food yeah okay can we um maybe it
would be best if we went back to the
agency and had a quick word to figure
out which direction we best head from
here I agree let's go all right back in
the agency you guys are settling down
too you have had a long rest you're all
at full HP full spell slots you're all
ready to go tonight is the night look at
that thirty-three help he has that makes
me happy anyway okay I think for him
let's go ahead I'm sorry mama please :
no we don't know how many years you have
left okay maybe it's special you get all
the words out just soft-spoken
individual please speak when you get
your you flatter me Toki maybe it's best
that we keep in mind a couple of
guidelines for future conversations that
we have with people I think it best to
reveal the least amount of information
possible whenever we have a conversation
with someone it's hard to know how much
information they may be willing to give
up they don't know exactly what it is
we're pursuing it's also hard to know
what they might do with any information
we give them for instance if Martha who
now knows there are ghosts at a
particular manner were to go to that
manner tight and clear them up it's
entirely possible that she could pursue
the gold reward on her own we should
also probably keep numbers to ourselves
as well how much we're being paid by any
particular client should be a matter of
client confidentiality we probably
shouldn't be revealing this information
to anybody else just I think things for
us to keep in mind in the future hey
Neil have I had any experiences with
ghosts in my long life just curious I'm
sure you have seen a haunting here or
there but they're probably more of the
phantasmal type where there's like a
spirit that appears visually or maybe
like moves a few things but doesn't
actually
cause any harm like harmless
poltergeists or probably the most that
have never dealt with the ghosts of this
caliber right this is a MC this is a
scary haunting unlike anything you've
seen before you know now what's running
here maybe we can win this time I think
I'm not sure beating them in a fight
would exercise them I think we should
read up on it do our research come in
well-prepared maybe you talk to ghosts
we could potentially talk to ghosts well
now that we have the prints involved I
mean we have a lot of arms that are
going to be with us
I imagine that he'll send in a couple
guards with us to fight with Kel Drake I
don't know if slaying the spectres is
gonna get us any closer to solving this
investigation where do we go from here
what do we know right now we know well
it was actually pretty interesting that
none of the ghosts looked anything like
Lords of ruin but yet some of the three
of the people who have seen the ghost
saw specifically his face him do we
think that anyone here could communicate
was silver horn if we saw him if anyone
here I practiced and speaking with
ghosts which is why we do our research
Lenny I don't suppose you have any
experience talking to the dead
okay no hmm well tonight's the night
just do it
we're going back and what's the plan I
finished reading the book that was on
the on the dresser it doesn't really
seem like there's any obvious way that
it links to anything right no it's just
it seems like it was a book just a
regular old novel so what do we think
that silver horn is doing at this Manor
can we try to figure out maybe a
motivation for him being here seems like
everybody that cited him maybe he's
looking for something well so we have to
we've got three different sightings of
him actually doing stuff at the house
right one is him he's clearly having
trouble moving on he's trying to do
things that are normal in his everyday
life but it's almost as if the ghost is
nowhere however he's also been sighted
calling for revenge so he may be torn
where it wants to move on with his
everyday life and not die cling on to
life and also curse the person who
caused him this pain maybe we let ghosts
kill a guy who killed him maybe wait
real quick um Koivu it's not like you're
not gonna be like oh it's the next day
and you missed your chance right we were
like early in the evening we've got
plenty of time to talk just be sure okay
thank you going do you think that would
work nevets we let the ghost go I think
you said kelp Drake um maybe maybe we
should um let's let's review all of the
sightings so far
of Floyd silver horn so I can recall
three that I'm aware of the first one
that we have is Lord silver horn being
in the pantry the kitchen just being
innocuous didn't seem as though he was
up to anything threatening or aggressive
there the second one that I can think of
is the butler Gerald saw silver horn in
the garden at night didn't seem to be
threatening there as well
and then the third sighting that we have
is sober horn coming through a door
screaming about vengeance with a blade
in his hand do we think that there's
anything that ties these together or any
amount of significance to any of these
quant teams or activities he wants to
continue on his normal life and read as
normally does and go about his walking
about his estate as he normally does but
he calls for vengeance on the person who
tore him from his life in Catterick
couldn't know anything possible but he
has no motivation to help us I don't
think that he could do anything
yes he does we get intimidated I will
save you from your execution how could
we possibly do that we're not gonna do
it that's the point Oh clever
we lied to him ultimately it's up to
Daffy if we decide to pursue any course
of action that would involve lying but
[Music]
I don't know we could we could lie to
kill Drake and we could tell him that
maybe we'll try to break him out of
prison or get him released or negotiate
for his release if he can help us solve
this case he'll help us regardless and
if you know you said as a bargaining
tool sure I'm not I have no effect I
think can we do I think it best if we
have this if we have this conversation
with him make sure that there are no
guards with an ear shot we do not want
word of a potential breakout getting
back to the Chancellor or Prince we
could find ourselves in deep trouble and
we will not break him out no matter what
well probably not
we won't most likely we won't we won't
be likely to do it I agree we won't do
it and if we do then I think it's best
that we always keep all options open
just in case well I'm closing this one
all right this door is closed okay we're
not breaking anyone out of prison okay I
will remind you that is quite the high
road for somebody that has currently
stashed 16 glowing lanterns belonging to
potentially the state upstairs in the
very place that you do business I'm not
doing this out of the kindness of my
heart snippets Oh bar olanta but it's a
it's a secret borrowing we don't want
anyone to know it's her own it's a
surprise later on for somebody else
hardy yeah that's a surprise as well
it's a very well you want you it will
tell you later it might even be for you
just don't even worry about pretending
you didn't hear about this Lenny anyway
we would never be free and kill Drake
out of the kindness of our hearts it
would just be a negotiating tactic of
course but yes but the reason that we
stole the lantern
was to get gold it is pretty hard to be
caught and it's pretty easy to go about
our our lives without getting caught
from stealing the lanterns
however freeing a criminal after you
stopped his execution
I'm sure greater hide heists in history
have gone unsolved than freeing a simple
patricidal [ __ ] don't worry we are a
detective agency being criminals is the
worst thing we could do for business
well that's not true being accused of
being criminals would be the worst thing
we could do for business either way
we're not actually going up nice oh we
break our shot no we're not breaking
anybody out Lenny we asking him for help
and if he doesn't help us then maybe
we'll miss freedom but we're gonna be
lying yeah first of all most likely we
will be yes we will be lying Nemus of
course cuz you research on ghosts go go
I don't want you expect me to uncover
about ghosts I want you to read books
nevets read books you're good at
gathering information just do it I can
gather information but you wouldn't
expect a layman to go and read medical
texts to perform surgery doesn't want to
see your face right oh well thank you
Toki
okay go out to my stairs and I make
spooky ghost noises I got what you teach
me to read unfortunately Lenny I don't
think you possess the funds right now
that would be required for me to endure
something that requires so much patience
but maybe after our next assignment
well you will stop Oh
when Lent when Lenny looks sad I'll walk
over to him and I'll say listen as soon
as we finish this one we'll go over a
couple shorter books okay you promise I
promise
Megan pinky do the pinky swear Lenny
pinky swear
um I wrapped my I guess my whole hand
around his pinky because I'm like a
little guy right oh yeah I've seen this
intro what do you mean by that cater you
no no oh my god miss Toki more screams
of course Lenny
you've eaten 23 by now are you not full
no okay
of course of course all right let's do
it
um you can go and round up Cal Drake
from oh wait wait let's talk about
exactly we're gonna do okay so just so
you know tonight guys we need to be 100%
on the same page regarding all the
actions tonight Toki so you were poking
the ghost last time I agree again no
poking ghosts this time okay do not
provoke anything that we don't mean to
in advance yes okay you not jump off the
tower and leave us to die like last I
believe that me being at the bottom of
that tower was the only reason we got
out alive but Thank You Toki
I respect what nevets did I think he did
the best thing possible and I think all
of us would have died if we didn't jump
off
okay fine whatever okay so what is the
plan for tonight but next time maybe use
it maybe tie a rope for us okay yeah
when I don't have 15 screaming banshees
trying to tear my soul from my body
I'll be sure to carefully tie a rope
around a pillar next time yeah well what
go to kill Drake and we'll ask him if he
has any knowledge that could help us
with the ghosts yes all right
actually he might not need even know
anything right but then the slim chance
that you know he refuses to help us you
know just out of while the guards are
away kindly threaten him with his
freedom yeah that battle works yeah
that's nice when you arrive at the jail
you find Kell silver or they're in bad
shape he looks like he's been recently
beaten by he's hunching over like one of
his ribs is broken his face is cut and
bruised all over the place is that
effectively like 1 to 5 HP here and he's
got his two caretakers with him that
have been expecting your arrival they've
already got him shackled up and ready to
go they take a look at you the four of
you arriving say well you need this one
right that's the one we got a minute
submissive state he'll come with you no
problem you don't need us to go to the
haunted house to you
we actually would prefer you to come
with us and the Prince advised it as
well so there's no funny business going
on these caretakers like useful guards
that useful and Club I mean there's
zeroth level guards to d8 + to hit
points plus treated hit one d6 + 2
damage wait didn't we talk about how we
wanted these guys plus 3 to hit one day
6 plus 1 damage
we can tank one goes to maybe not in
best interest to bring such tiny beauty
men I thought we talked about this and
we wanted the guards right
I don't like that we wanted like good
guards who could actually fight these
ones you seem like useless [ __ ] yeah
then it seems like the problem is that
if people are providing us with too much
help they're going to be reluctant to
allow us to walk away with the purse
so that's your decision daph good luck
choose wisely all of our lives hang in
the balance and their XP might get of
your decisions right now big deaf I
suppose that we will go last time it was
pretty difficult we had a hard time we
also didn't have spells so let's go
alone without the guards may I please
hand him off to you they give you these
shackles they give you the key that
opens them if you need to for whatever
reason and they'll come with you and
escort you to the estate but then
they're just gonna hang out outside the
walls while you deal with the ghosts
they're not particularly excited about
this you know they didn't become a town
guard in order to go oh yeah yeah they
came to this position so they could beat
people with their sticks and haul them
off to jail Karthus is Lenny spelled
with an IE row I I II I wait would it be
would he even know would he even have a
spelling for his name or they just call
themselves that
I probably wouldn't add a spell in it
well I don't know if you would have like
a spelled name right if you're living
amongst two tribal people it's not like
you have like an office for birth
certificates or like a county clerk to
file papers right that's yeah probably
not so you can spell his name however
you want
Thank You Nimitz no problem because
Lenny doesn't know how to do all right
let me should definitely lead the way
oh gee I'm gonna leave the with the guy
in my hand to or simply you want to hold
him um I suppose
probably Lenny should hold him down
right yeah yeah blonde Oh an old wait
why be your are you muted I'm here oh
okay sorry someone said you were muted
and that idiot and I will okay we go
inside building then gesture towards the
mansion it's assumed yes let us go Lenny
leading the way and me and off and on
that it's together because house is
gonna work with my I wouldn't have my
sort out then right because I have Jane
I can only hold two things you can let
me hold on to the chain been Luggin Toki
I'll just walk by him
could I just tie the chain in my arm
actually and then like yeah that's
totally fine totally do that you know
what I'm gonna let Doug you'll the Jana
I'll potato hold the chain yeah like one
health right and he's like in not good
shape yep I can walk him with my staff
and he died okay yeah that's his HP
right there and his AC is 10 I'm gonna
use the same token that we did before
but he he's just wearing clothes right
he doesn't have any arms or armor if
Jeff wants to be behind me and can just
like kind of like push me in the
direction you want to go I have no idea
where the [ __ ] we wanna go in this house
I've never been you should not be a good
time to ask kill something
yeah yeah we're sure
nevets you've got outward sevit wait
what do you want to talk to him about
ask him like if he can help us in any
way share before him below anything I
mean uh I mean like these types of
interactions aren't really my strong
suit I was kind of thinking deaf would
do this alright well I mean I usually do
and then you you take over what I'm only
here to offer suggestions but you're
ultimately the channeling of the will of
the party so if you would like I could
ask him I mean these questions for you
if you give me permission to do so um I
will get back to you on that okay okay
all right um mr. uh mr. mr. Sheldrake
did your uncle nevets you go
Navis it's your turn inside the building
or outside before we have it's a good
question
first of all when are you going into the
building are you doing it at sundown or
before sundown but what are you called
it's not dusk when like the Sun is just
starting to go down what's that called
as I called oh yeah Lily there's a
better word for it idiot no I thought
dusk was only in the morning or is that
dawn
oh no dusted on hey Lily listen just cuz
your head is so [ __ ] red doesn't mean
you have to be so hot-headed okay calm
the [ __ ] down you're out of control
right now it's Lily
calm the [ __ ] down okay um okay I'm
gonna talk to kill Drake okay okay it's
dusk okay yeah we've established a
Stephen rest of us already knew this Kel
Drake um it appears as though you're a
slain uncle it's haunting this house he
seems to be screaming for vengeance as
he comes through these doors would you
happen to know anything about what would
summon him back from the dead to haunt
his lovers house
it's as the prince said killin family is
frowned upon you don't have any other
information or any other piece of wisdom
or knowledge or insight as to why he
might be here he was gonna come back
from the dead I wouldn't kill them I
think this guy's useless in terms of
questioning okay as I turn back to death
I kind of like say under my breath and a
not so very under my breath away
it's a shame we probably could have
worked something out with him if you
would have had some information for us
too unfortunate does they react at all
or is he just like whatever he doesn't
give a [ __ ] he's got nothing to offer
you
Wow genuinely he he knows nothing thanks
for spoiling quite Bayless I don't say
that out loud I'm thinking it maybe we
give him to the ghost see if that's what
ghost wants can I feed him a scone me no
challenge well code tree yeah he will
nibble at it he's got a hard time
chewing his a face has been beaten bet
rather badly so it's kind of sore
intense and he's missing some teeth
really freshly they're pretty soft so it
should be okay yeah I'll take half of it
all right wait okay Lenny you could have
more than half you deserve it buddy you
enter the estate at dusk the guards are
outside the walls it's growing dim
within the estate itself where would you
like to go what would you like to do
Oh what if we stand near the entrance
with Sheldrake and we paint some pots
and pans Billy hey ghosties we have him
right
I mean I don't think we need to make a
lot of noise for the ghosts to come out
they seem to come out all on their own
they never came out while we were while
we were in the first floor and why don't
we why don't we see how far we have to
be for them to come out how wait for
them here and then advance slowly if we
don't see any signs of them they'll
probably they're probably more of
ghostly activity and now that we have
calendar agents yeah maybe we should
just wait in the center of room so that
we have good visibility we can see
anybody coming and we'll see if anybody
comes for kill Drake himself yeah that's
Lenny penis yeah we protect
well what Lenny what what is Lenny's up
you see fifteen all right Sun Goes Down
armored darkness falls I only have ten
AC yes give a a spell
I know a new shape change that's two two
that's all so you're pretty tanky
because you're really 40 and because of
your chunkiness yeah I said that they
would have to chunk quite a few of your
HP's down in order to kill you honey
that's not what I heard no what I heard
I understand the phrase Lily take your
finger and just brush the hair back
because I think you can't hear anything
that's going on right now maybe they're
covering your headphones are in the main
hall waiting for something to happen and
the Sun Goes Down and the stars well I
guess they don't come out because it's
the middle of winter
wait what is the day today are we on
like the 15th or what today is the 15th
of January 15 12 keeping track of that
rent payment all right you you see
materializing in the small parlor before
you many ghostly figures is dark
billowing black shapes are just appear 5
of them 5 good counting lion Wow
those reading less that's already
standoff five ghost we're gonna try to
meet that a zero okay maybe we hand over
the the prisoner to the ghosts what's
the point if he dies maybe they go away
um just a quick reminder we absolutely
cannot let Cal Drake die here
we should close that movie towards us
the utmost importance okay ghost we have
person for you
no Lenny kill ghosts don't roll
initiative an attack select oh wait I
see the ghouls coming so can't they cast
spells before yeah oh wow we got a boss
mob already quite boo I the wrong button
I made the ghost the size of the entire
map somehow okay they're just overcoming
our entire people right Wow yeah there
we go now you can see their faces more
clearly quick inspector ghosts oh my god
ghostbusters final boss why are there so
many that's that's what I'm a little
like about that's a great question why
are there so many ghosts that's
important because he repeated it Wow
why are there so many ghosts all right
critical baby and why did none of them
look like Calgary
maybe because these aren't and what if
they're to minors what is my god
we should probably deal with what's in
front of us before we speculate too much
yeah so we see the ghost materialized in
front of us right yes
so wouldn't I have time you know
theoretically to cast like I don't know
bark skin like twice or something on
much totally would have time if when the
ghost materialized you say I'd cast bark
skin no you got to interrupt people in
that [ __ ] like when I said he's bringing
the axe up to cut the head down and then
give in like I'm cutting some spells
okay you can stop okay no you gotta
start calling that [ __ ] if you'd said
like skin what's crazy cuz when we play
league you can't shut the [ __ ] up Lily
you're always talking [ __ ] the entire
game never since your turn I my
character Duggan has been moved that guy
right there that ghost he's definitely
in range of somebody else for a sneak
attack right absolutely he is I come
forward rapier out and I take a good
swing 22 hit absolutely that is a hit
correct absolutely we're gonna do what
is it like for damage a piercing plus
your sneak attack damage of seven for
the that would be 15 divided by two
because they take half damage is gonna
be seven what you wrote down yeah whoa
that guy is a lot of life alright the
first Spector or um excuse me I would
like to do my cunning action to use a
bonus action to just kind of slip back
here okay cuz I like to hang on my buddy
it's a opportunity he used cunning
actually
remember that rogue you played that
killed me so much you should remember
this okay we're done next shade moves
over towards Daffy and reaches out to
you with a 21-2 hit Daffy you will take
six damage and your strength is reduced
by one d44 okay it's time to Raven
temporarily five that's fine all right
the next shade will filter over to here
also next to Daffy and reach out to
touch you with a ten to hit is no good
yeah mostly fingers kind of moved
through your loop no your your violin
without touching you the next one comes
a little so Lenny Lenny this is the
first time you've ever seen a ghost and
it reaches out to you and brushes you
gently across the neck and as it does so
your flesh just begins to like fade and
wither you take ten necrotic damage okay
and you lose one point of strength
temporarily plus two to hit now yeah did
you what was your strength before 16
goes on Phineas I'm spooked Lenny will
rage obviously okay and now I'm going to
attempt to shove the oh I guess I can't
shove can I shove a ghost prone you can
try you've never done it right as a
bonus action to shove the ghost prone go
ahead let expression I think let his
shake I'm naughty ant father to resist
with the ghost Lenny will then attempt
to attack with his one-handed sword
wait what I don't know what Lenny's rage
noise sounds like so 14 is
definitely a hit on the ghost roll me
some damage eight eight is resistant to
non magical damage so it only takes four
nice dead nice hit there we go there we
go and the next chain wait just to make
some of these shades have dramatically
different HP yeah you rolled them all or
something yes okay dramatic HP ok cool
the next one will phase on through I
don't know it does not have enough
movement to attack you afterwards
because it has to face the wall which
slows it down a little bit and it
becomes daps turn you have ghosts on two
sides yes I do
um ok I would like to I think I'm going
to try to well they will get attack of
opportunities if I move away yeah unless
you take an action to disengage might be
worth X I don't have a lot of health um
I guess I will use I guess I'll
disengage with an action and where do
you go um I want to go back here behind
the rest of the party actually maybe in
front of this guy I should take it
before him um and I think I'm going to
use bardic inspiration with my bonus
action on Lenny Lenny hums 1 Bartok
inspiration died yeah what does that do
so um you can you gain a d6 and you can
roll the die and add the number roll to
1 ability check attack role or saving
throw
the music title oh I don't even have
music so I am intern check the the gear
icon see if it is turned down to level
the tab has been muted Toki it is your
turn okay okay
staff and give him bark skin oh thanks
which makes his ACB no less than 16
alright daf-16 a seat for you wait wings
while shape is a bonus section right
where do i okay
super scary beer again alright you turn
back into a bear scarier bear though I
shouldn't Lily make these sound effects
you're not there we go can you roll 3d 8
plus 6 for your bear's HP are you Jeep
holy [ __ ] it's The Princess Bride guy
awareness 3 HP above average for a bear
why do I'm going just you know position
myself as a female protecting you know
and then I can't attack i okay nevets
top the initiative order again I got an
extra token how would you delete it I
deleted it oh good thanks hold on I had
to refresh world 20 chance okay there we
go
okay I would like to move over to the
side and attack attack this one okay
actually goof that should be with
advantage right for sure alright can
move a little bit yeah it is better nice
22 to hit for sure
13 nice we can round that's okay and
then we're gonna do some a sneaker
attacker right there 17 rounds down to a
9 I think 10 minus 9 HP on the specter
and it is almost dead your swords is
added a little bits of it just disappear
into the ether
thanks I meant it round it down to an
eight I was just laying I'm sorry it
should you should have one more HP good
call
probably won't make a difference the
next shade moves over to this direction
reaches out to you daft but with your AC
it misses thanks Toki next one comes
over here and surrounds the Barbarian
attacking it 12 to hit nope nope 15 and
this largest one over here moves forward
as well and reaches out to choke the
Barbarian with its two phantom hands
with a critical hit Oh
tokes you does choke me 17 points of
damage however you are raging they are
resistant to necrotic right I'm
resistant to everything but psychic okay
so 17/2
take you to b8 and you also lose another
1 to 4 points of strength
one more points ok this ghost that is
flanked between the two of you will just
turn its body inside out and backwards
and attack nevets with an 8 to hit is no
good the ghost cannot reach you as you
dance about it with your sword from
Lenny just
I'm gonna attack the ghost in front of
me uh actually first I'm gonna take the
shove action on the ghost see if it does
anything all right bonus action shove
the ghost the ghost responds with its
own athletics or acrobatics I believe
and fails to contest your shelves as you
sort of knock it your your shield goes
right through the ghost beautiful blow
would have knocked anyone else on their
feet but your arm just passes right
through it without causing it any harm
and it does not fall prone all right
then I'll attack it okay 20 hits damage
to the 4 damage to the ghost killing it
it vanishes good job way better
there's no way better time than our last
time where am i great well so far chill
the next shade is here and it tries to
choke Lenny 2002 hit advantage or just
11 divided by 2 is gonna be 5 necrotic
damage all right strength will drop by 3
it's about time so I think your strength
is at 11 now so you're fine Oh easy it's
fine got a lot of time everybody daph
mmm well I was going to use dissonant
whispers but I think I would rather heal
Eleni hmm any time you heal me it's like
healing me for double mm-hmm why cuz I
take half damage on everything whoa
effective HP nice okay I'm gonna cast
your wounds on money at level 1
nice not you welcome any other I will
stay where I am I think actually could I
know take a full action to move myself
and the chained guy like behind Toki
yeah
I'm not was already China like I did
call like I was like but China protect
them they should be behind me you can
move but there are ghosts adjacent to
that will get a tax of opportunity if
you do so um I think I should stay you
are a nice bear Toki
mayor don't be a bear Toki can i attack
can i attack this one yes that's kind of
over your other party members right I
know you're a large creature but that is
sort of in you have to like be attacking
past staff and Kell silver horn it seems
probably give you disadvantage on the
attacks I don't want to wanna move
anymore okay
I'll just go for this one right in front
of me all right something like that yeah
okay go for it bear it's a multi-tap
yeah go ahead and click multi tag and
you can see that you can make one bite
in one claw so
five is no good you were critically miss
fighting the ghost but your claws come
through and rake it from the head down
doing ten which is reduced to five bring
the ghost to man a little better than
half HP she transforms into a creature
her whole body isn't like a magical like
something right correct
not until higher levels okay I guess
nevets
am i close enough to that shade up there
to provoke an attack of opportunity nope
cool from that case well in that case I
guess doesn't really matter I'll hop up
here so that I am adjacent to this guy
and I'm linking
yeah and I will take an attack 13 is
enough good the 21 is what I would have
had anyway but that works right oh yeah
yeah of course
indubitably stop 13 damage rounds down
to six rounds to 6 the shade is badly
wounded and then partially visible now
cutting action away right here ok next
shade goes and you can see Cal Drake
silver horn like cowering behind DAF
he's not broken ribs swollen face his
hands and feet are shackled it's got no
way to defend himself so we sort of like
coward leaning back here as this Spectre
reaches for you Daffy criticals you
[Music]
please no deaf you're gonna take 20
necrotic damage which will bring you to
zero it's four points shy of outright
killing you one more and you will lose
one temporary point of strength
hopefully someone can kill you before
you die
the next Spectre ignores the bear and
tries to kill the warrior here with a
barbarian with a grabbing at you it's
hands passed through you you can feel it
gripping you're my first role right
inspiration sure which does 1 d6 I'm
gonna try and take it off of his attack
role instead alone I think you had it to
yours
oh I add it to my attack yep yeah ok so
we'll break your heart for for spectral
for for necrotic damage and you will
lose one before one of these is a coin
bone 10 you got the real [ __ ] dice today
tell me about it and the last snow the
next shade interested no it's very happy
to be here and attacking data Lennie
so it reaches out for you as well Lenny
but misses leaving us with lettings turn
I'm gonna tag I don't have flanking
right cuz he's far right I'll just
attack that one the same one okay
11 is not gonna be good enough to hit
though Tim yeah Lenny old chill okay net
that same shade responds as you reach
out I guess as you're slashing at it it
goes to intercept your arm partway
through and grabs it your deck falls
short as it rapes your arm for three
adjusted damage and will drain from you
three more strength you're down to seven
and there's zero you die no problem
you're fine good death
you need a rolling mat 20 give me death
saving throw a death roll 20 I'm coming
okay I am a relatively large size bear
Neil I'm sure you can agree mm-hmm so I
can also as a bear I travel on four legs
so can't die like step over these bodies
like put them under my body yeah so can
I do that yeah you can't interpose
yourself they're sort of pushing this
one out of the way who cowers behind you
dragging his chains and you are over
death who is unconscious I can at least
bite the specter right totally you can
bite and claw you don't have to do that
we'll hit read Specter fades from
existence slightly it did
and a claw is a crit nice four seven
damage killing the specter damages there
are only three left and it's nevets turn
okay I'm going to dance forward take a
swing at this guy 18 to hit 18 we'll hit
19 damage that rounds to 9 that will
kill the specter there are only two
remaining and then I will cunning action
over here kind of against the wall sure
you don't even need to probably do I
just go in case of the a ghost is
actually through the wall and gets into
a good call yeah don't dissuade me for
being safe okay
the next shade finally pays attention to
the bear and reaches out to rip you to
bits bear 22 to hit you take five damage
and your strength in the sound by or
holy [ __ ] know when you were transformed
into a bear you have bear strength
that's like 30 cuts my strength has a
beard 40 string so you have a lemon
strength so your your attacks will be at
minus 2 to hit and minus 2 2 damage from
here on out if the bear got to 0 2 drank
that she would just transform back to
human yeah we'll find out the next shade
reaches that Lenny through his shoulder
trying to grab his lungs hits you you
can feel your lungs withering for 4
points of damage and you
[Music]
another two points of strength bringing
you to five
Lenny feeling very weak right now it is
your turn Lenny the ghosts are sapping
your strength Lenny is gonna reckless
attack
not that it probably matters I'm gonna
attack the ghosts in front of me
one-handed 4:13 why do you get advantage
reckless attack ah yes sorry I missed
that
you will hit 7/2 is gonna be and I use
my bardic inspiration on the attack
damage roll damage my rolls there's a
bunch of different ways you can use it
and become great over time ability check
attack roll saving drill okay so tank
roll is not damaged correct right okay
okay any other actions there Lenny nope
LEM just hang out okay I wrote an 18 and
a 19 baby hopefully next time you're
rolling 20 bare Toki connect wait if she
rolls another one she just stabilizes it
zero but if she rolls a 20 she gets up
at 1 right yes you hit Toki and 7 minus
2 is 5 divided by 2 is 2 and a second
attack with your claw oh you crit with
your weakened damage that's a 12-2 is 10
divided by 2 is 5 damage to the specter
the shade the shade is slowly fading
away now let me nevets I'm going to
completely ignore no I'm just gonna come
up here do one attack should be at
advantage 25 to hit it more damage more
sneak attack 10 damage right that shade
begins to evaporate cutting action wait
wait the next turn in the order is Lenny
right before yep ok yeah I'll stay
standing right here then within 5 feet
excellent the lower shade reaches
towards the Bears face with its ghostly
tendrils and he hits you bear for the
top 113 damage bear how much did you
take before five let's be 18 damage
there for health world and you all thank
you babe
there's one point of strength from 10
the topmost shade continues its
onslaught against the new recruit with
another hit
doing seven divided by two is three
damage to you and reducing your strength
by four you work one strength no problem
one morning strength you die that's fire
saving throws no dice today but we're
never gonna get there don't worry I'm
good
also one strength you can no longer lift
your sword or shield it's too heavy you
are you have to drop your sword the
shield is strapped to your arms weight
like weighing you down you wouldn't even
give me a strength saving throw on that
you have one strength you can carry
raising that's true you are bridging
bear bear boy you can carry five pounds
I have without being encumbered the
heavier the bear I'm a few pounds total
maybe you can get away with this there
we two bears I got the spirit of the
bear in meatboy bill makes you tough
enough to stand up to any punishment
even strength not even low strength even
0hp I could stand up it's your turn
you're at 1 strength & 5 HP punch them
give me an attack him with my sword or
no did you do whatever you can carry it
I guess you you are no longer able to
walk in reckless attack each reckless
attack I'm gonna [ __ ] this [ __ ] up okay
not in a bad way sixteen is still a hit
nice three two
um one all right mr. did roll hi okay so
you do one damage to the shame damn I
have one strength he does one damage
that's impressive brother it's very
impressive it's it's amazing dad lost us
saving through here we'll just go here
the 20 here's the 20 you need the 20 not
a zero get a 20
Oh stabilized alright you're still fine
I rolled Toki all right I'm going to 14
hits 1 damage rinse yeah you can't do
less than 1 and your claw is a hit as
well nice 4 9 minus 2 is 7 divided by 2
is 3 I slowly chunky away nevets ok um
who I'll take a attack 15 to hit it nice
11 7 damage
ok Koivu are you ready for this
koib ooh you can pass through these
shades right they can pass through
[ __ ] walls he should be able to walk
through shades right seems to be so okay
hold on let me I have my juris doctorate
in a D&D rule loitering
ok I would like to move through him and
I would like to a Q PI the space right
in front of Lenny now listen I know this
is like how can you be there this is
really dumb and I'm gonna cancel this
however I would like to remind you that
I have something called halfling
nimbleness that allows me to move
through the space of any creature that
is of a size larger than yours of course
and he must be large he's got to be
medium or something right or south
medium yeah that's fine you can walk
through the shade and interpose yourself
between it and Lenny
sure
that's very brave of you thanks Wow
nervous is so nice so nice right the
lower shade will attack the bear one
more time with a Miss the upper shade
let's give it
oh it's a dumb shade it goes for the new
target it doesn't go I mean it could
easily just reach over you or walk
through you or walk around you but it it
wants what is directly in front of its
face and it reaches for the little
halfling with a 13-2 hit
nope nope Lenny hi really alive buddy
Lenny will reckless attack and attempt
to attack the shade above them
Oh God you swing your sword over the
halfling I'll use the Bartok inspiration
on my attack role on the 13 sure step
teams a hit yeah nice for 2 damage
yes for to damage this Shane is so close
to dead oh my god it's on its last wisp
of life looks like that one in people
really did matter
13 does hit yes nice seven becomes three
and your cloth cub
is it nice for for the sheet is almost
gone they're all almost gone no that's
insane okay
I'll dance back through the shade easy
hit that's a crit you vanquish a shade
vanishes and the last one goes a cunning
action right here to last one reaches
out for the bear easy 13 we'll hit the
bear it'll drain 10 HP from the bear
which deals 6 points of damage to Lily
what is here entry at Lily as you turn
into a regular person - 6 th beetle
when I'm not down anymore you are
unconscious wait
clip but I have a question I have on -
two wild shapes available per short rest
right so if I turn into something else
again does it the right get like do I
have to roll for the Bears HP all over
again don't see how it works
yep if you get some role for HP free
bear every time you take your bear shape
wow I love drew it's okay mm-hmm so cool
um so the this last shade it does
Lenny's turn no sorry I can't move I
have to just say yep yep tell us how
does it like being the brutal barbarian
from the north who comes down now one
strength while the ghosts aren't eating
him from the inside out Lenny's not very
happy about it
he can't move right now and he doesn't
actually understand why so I'm just very
confused
all right it's like a cat with like a
thing on its face or just like can't
move okay I'm gonna use shillelagh
how do i roll where does that a spell
slide spell that's a country oh cool
do you have a listed on your spell slots
or whatever because you should cast
ability instead of strength for the
attack and damage role attacks as
hill13.com strength and the weapons
damage becomes a da it also becomes
magical so it doesn't get cut in half
perfect
yeah so you it's a bonus action to cast
you can just make a regular attack role
if you want which is gonna hit and roll
us damage and your damage will come at a
bonus because you're gonna be using your
wisdom odd instead of your strength mod
so roll your damage and we will have for
two whatever you roll wait that's wrong
one nope
yeah click on the text of the quarter
staff and chat I am in the chat where it
says quarter seven there you go it's
gonna be six plus three is nine damage
which will vanquish the shade from sight
whew the first set of spectres shades
ghosts wraiths banshees whatever you
want to call them are gone support the
process I suspect some amount of trouble
Daffy is unconscious the new barbarian
is that 1h1 strength and the party's a
good spot why don't we take a short
break here and when we come back we'll
continue the investigation into the
mansion yes good job guys
no you know you you
hello everybody and welcome back to of
dice and Men the party is in the house
oh my god I just understood everything
Lenny the name of mice and men but
that's also the name of our campaign of
dice and men I knew that I told you this
option well I like I didn't connect I
didn't connect of dice and meant of mice
and men I knew that his name came from a
book huh you're like wow what a clever
name someone came up with all the way
them what a cool name he just Oliver I'm
good really that original anything if my
character dies I'm gonna my new
characters names gonna be George and he
need to look now all right I'm gonna say
all right I'm sorry we're back in
alright what do you want to do I wanna
rebuild
George right now what is the how do we
govern like strength recovery how does
this work recovers after a short or long
rest a short rest 100% hundred-percent
interesting okay do we need to do
anything to to bring or do we have any
healing spells can anybody be okay in
character to f is yeah can anybody bring
deaf up to her his feet for we could
move I drop my backpack you can drop
your backpack alright you can move a
little bit now [ __ ] you just drop mice
can the only thing that can stabilize me
is healing spells well your stabilized
meaning you're not dying but you yeah
okay I mean 1.d4 hours I believe until
you are awake again that sounds about
right
I died multiple times at camp in two
hours so give me a short rest here well
I think that short resting in a mansion
full of haunted ghost is probably not
our best move oh wait I'm not alive huh
maybe you two can drag death out and we
leave yeah
or call the guards but stay smart for a
five intelligence character lawyered I
didn't drag somebody the [ __ ] out maybe
we should uh let's let's let's move out
to the Courtyard that's like the front
big yard right yeah
let's move out to the courtyard and take
a quick rest I think all right you can
drag the body of death out into the
courtyard and as you guys head
southwards the two cron whit guards that
were standing on the other side of the
gate see you guys coming limping and
they call after you yelling what what's
happened what's going on everything's
fine we were just pausing for a short
break in our investigation and we will
be done within the night okay I guess
you guys arrived over here the guards
are taking a look at you Daffy is
unconscious with his faces all withered
and twisted in agony the big tough
hulking barbarian is like dragging his
backpack slowly on the ground and barely
able to walk then you change the guards
HP bars from red to green that's not I'm
not comfortable feeling personally
attacked by these guards
been hired by a cleric of Martha to come
and kill you to take the contract don't
get many [ __ ] ideas did yep so out of
character for cleric of Martha to try
and kill you guys it's just like Lily's
killed us yeah what the cleric of Martha
no I look like over a thing you mean she
swapped okay alright uh you wait here
for some time and as you do you can see
it movement on the inside a little bit
every now and then mm-hmm
luckily it is closer to the full moon it
is the day or actually say the night
after a half moon and through the little
bit of moonlight that dances in the
mansion you can see dark shapes shifting
on all the floors and that same turret
that you saw that you've jumped off of
before you can see shades up there
moving about mm-hmm
about how many can we see or is it just
like it'd be immeasurable me it's pretty
immeasurable how inside the house
there's a dog growling we are 100%
positive that this ghost is Lord silver
horn that he doesn't have like a father
that he bears like strong resemblance to
or something like that right like we
know for a fact you have not seen the
ghost yourself but other people who are
a very intimate with silver when I've
described it as being like yes and he
doesn't have like a father that is like
identical in stature and face and shape
and everything throughout like something
right
a few hours passed and Daffy wakes up
missed me
Jane yep those shades didn't miss you
well no thought you were good you should
a week fun all right
that's why you protect me Lenny I am it
I can't even lift my backpack anymore
well we're okay we're out of it what
happened since I was down we kill all
shades all of them no there are only
five they killed those but we see
movement in the mansion at the moment so
I think there are many many more
probably didn't really accomplish
anything besides maybe getting a level
up or something near the end of the
session maybe um
well short rest is definitely an order
long is a short rest eight hours right
well yes let's think for one moment
because after arrest we're no longer
going to have Cal Drake here with us to
do anything is there nothing that we can
use him for
except for drawing them out I don't
think so it doesn't seem like we
provoked any response from Floyd silver
horn so I mean I think going in at this
state we're in is way too dangerous I
would suggest putting Cal Drake in the
bedroom where someone was said to flip
through the books but that didn't even
look like silver horn we haven't I don't
think any spirit we've seen so far has
been silver horn and we know there are
countless factors in there right there's
a light a storm there's no way we're
gonna be able to meet you out alive if
you fight again I agree
we have time to recuperate and come back
but that means okay maybe we said nevets
into tie-up tell silver horn inside see
if that's what they really want him
leave him to die I don't there's nothing
to do with kill Drake they would have
gone for him right while we were
fighting we haven't seen silver who may
have been going after him we kind of
protect it it may dry out silver horns
ghost though heyno specifically hmm I'll
scream at the booming voice hey Co
silver horde we have your nephew okay
good try winning I think this is
something we have to solve that I don't
think we're good enough though that
doesn't require um fighting that make
sense
mm-hmm I think the main loss
well should we leave for now or what if
nevets is able to sneak through the
mansion and tie a rope at the top so we
have an easy escape she's gonna die what
do you think minutes you want to go back
in there I might be able to sneak around
on my own to try to see if I could spot
silver horn but I feel as though watch
out a ghost
Oh No maybe back up towards the ball a
little but is there really yeah I could
try to go in and see if I could see
silver horn anywhere but I don't think I
don't think that all of us going back in
is a good idea
what I do the way that these ghosts are
walking around do they have the
appearance of like people that might
have been soldiers at one point like
doing Patrol
or does it seem more aimless in terms of
their wandering give me no an insight
check well so like basically what I'm
wondering is like I don't know if I I
don't know if I need to roll on this but
like what I'm looking for are like you
have people with a purpose that are
moving from A to B in a very metal gear
solid like fashion and then you've got
kind of like things that are just kind
of like coming in and out of walls and
just kind of like Roose whirling around
and they seem kind of a second than the
first you know that one that you saw
sort of wandered out the front door
walked around the grounds and then just
vanished into a wall
okay all right then can I can I can I
roll it insight to see if some picture
comes together where it seems like maybe
these people this was a gardener and
this person like does it look like a
normal house full of people that I may
be kind of living their life do you mean
inside check then you don't get that
impression you just get more like
wandering Restless tired okay hmm I
think these have to be the ghosts of
them the miners I can't think of anyone
else although why would the miners
return to here because they worked for
silver horn and can you think of any any
other explanation for more than 20
spirits hanging around this estate
besides the fact that more than 20
people died well I mean do you remember
how many miners were killed
you know do you
18 I have an idea can I kind of push our
prisoner like a little bit up I can just
like kind of leave him like here I can't
grab his token sure you shove him
forward and he has it and I'll just
leave him there and I'll come back and
just tell him to kind of I'm pretty sure
there were almost 50 miners or 50 people
together that were killed I was like 40
miners eight guards what we could do
wait actually could could you bring Cal
Drake back Lenny I don't think we should
leave him up there well keep in mind
that we should probably return him alive
to the Chancellor and the prince if he's
killed here and we deprive them of their
execution it's probably not gonna play
well for us if he's killed here and all
the ghosts go could be they could be
happy I know it doesn't work that way
Lenny they want to see him killed in
front of a crowd oh all right let's
let's really think about this mm-hmm
this is a mystery at neo mate
but there is a solution to this mystery
that doesn't involve fighting 50 ghosts
and died maybe we got a the thing that
neo games for where there's always like
a motive a reason like he gave us those
three things remember things that he
asks over and over again and
conspicuously yeah I'm trying to find it
now let's not consider that okay motive
opportunity
yeah well what are the motives of the
ghosts I mean we don't know that's for
investigating a crime usually or the
ghosts committing a crime by noting that
they're not allowed year right now quite
boo they're uninvited here that's true
they are trespassers yep and they have
millions they have the motivation right
we've solved the crime they are indeed
trespassers we go did we get experience
for that oh yeah jail the ghost baby a
lot of video games when you do love a
lot
you egain on your health and everything
remember in the morning well we can't
think of anything else to do with Cal
Drake I suppose we turn him over and
then we'll take a rest and we'll
reconvene and we'll try to figure out
this later but I think there is
something to do with kill Drake because
why haven't we seen silver Horne himself
yet he always at the doing something
with the book no he was not yeah we
didn't see him with the book I mean we
could try to figure out what's changed
why was Cal Drake here before or not Cal
Drake where am i silver horn here before
and we don't say Lord silver horn now
maybe the presence of his what's the
nice way to say [ __ ] or whatever what
does she call mr. his his mistress when
she was here he appeared three or four
times I don't know if her presence
changes that or not it also seemed like
they were never evil specters or shades
before it was just Kel silver there was
never any of late some other ones it
sounded like yeah yeah maybe she should
come back either way maybe it knows
maybe they know that we are here wanting
to expel them and so they're more prone
to attack us than they were the people
who were just trying to live there maybe
well I don't know if they're that smart
and the ghost even attacked us before we
attack them yes yes we try not to attack
them at first well kind of Lillian
picked him up a little bit but excuse me
I poked him gently just for a little
look either way we can't really we can't
really too much here I think yep I say
we return we would turn Cal Drake and
then we investigate on our own garden
I suppose we could use Chandra to draw
out silver horn potentially but I am way
more hesitant but Chandra and danger
then mm-hmm this guy
the guards tell you that they will take
him back to the prisons and clearly you
didn't accomplish what he needed him for
do you do you still need him or can I
return him to the Prince no you can
return him how I return well if it's the
mistress behind everything I mean this
did confess
well yeah Cal Drake didn't implicate her
at all all right you guys can head on
back and get a good night's rest it was
only near dusk when you did this you can
spend the nest rest of the night your
house go ahead and spend hit dice if you
need to gain HP spell slots wait what no
spell slots back but you can roll hit
dice to gain HP and I get my strength
back right you will get your strength
back
yeah return all right some bagel anyway
I was in a song of rest to Katarina yes
mm-hmm
I'm gonna use that it's a song of rest
me sing the song yeah of course so you
gave an extra 1d6 hit point all right
why don't you roll one d6 and just give
it to the whole party rather than
individual rules here we go oh that was
a really shitty song oh my god what it
went like this ready we try to defeat
the ghosts but it didn't work
so hopefully this song will help us rest
well but he won't because we're sad and
we tried to defeat the ghost and
didn't work because we're failures make
it end I won he'll thank you all right
everyone gave anyone who spends hit dice
games 1 hp back looks like you all spent
some HP everybody's Ben's hit dice you
can make a hit dice from the HP plus the
one from the song of rest ok
so 5 so you gained a total of 10 back it
looks like death 3 plus 2 plus 4 plus 1
so you should be at 11 in the morning
and games 23 24 HP plus the 125 today I
[ __ ] up the numbers 24 13 641 where's 10
and 13 is 23 Lina and that's why the
intelligence is 5 they take character
bends do it in Nice links Lily that's
bonus xp so here you are it is the next
day and that day as you are waking up
and stuff together
the Chancellor arrives right back all
right I'm gonna go answer I'm gonna look
through the peephole and then I'm gonna
go as she goes to the door remember
death the less you say sometimes the
better don't reveal too much
is she here for party with lanterns
Lenny Lenny Lenny scone scone scones
Lenny come let's go
I mean even Lenny's room how does how
does he even remember you have 5
intelligence that's like the
intelligence of a goldfish not very
excited about hearing about a party I'm
gonna leave Lenny into his room and
we're gonna sit on his empty bed and eat
scones together perfect you guys munch
on some scones in the other room
meanwhile the Chancellor comes in and
says how did the ghost hunt go
tonight did you bring him down did you
bring peace to the land well we went
well but we're not finished yet we need
more time fine fine and how goes the the
case of the stolen goods at the mine um
in about a week I was hoping you would
have some update for that we are we have
just started on that but um the ghost
hunt took a bit of precedent but we are
um we're actually planning on working on
that more today and then the ghost hunt
more tonight I see um we we do have we
do have a few leads so far you know a
few suspects here and there for the
lanterns but we prefer not to discuss
things until it's set in stone we don't
want to point any fingers so please just
leave it to us and we'll keep you
updated and let you know okay thank you
thank you
oh I think we should skip I feel like
the Lantern won't be easily solved say
we apprehended some well hold on they
said they were missing a great deal of
gold - so there is an actual thievery
that happened here that we didn't invent
true I think yeah we should find whoever
stole the cold and then we can pin the
lantern on them as well but there's so
many things though maybe we should even
give up one or two of the lanterns so
that vacant um so that it seems more
probable that they were the ones who
actually stole the lanterns I don't
think if we find who has the gold we can
just say that they sold the lanterns or
something
lantern I thought lanterns were for
party these are different Lenny don't
worry about their lanterns Lenny all you
have to worry let's just eat eat your
food oh yes miss you want a juice box I
get you a juice box you want output
juice orange George mom pebble taste
hmm yes excellent all right anything you
want to do today or you want a head
straight back there you actually start
on the lantern thing thank do we have
any leads on the lantern thief at all we
do we do have some leads considering huh
well we uh there's some lanterns I think
we should do I don't think this is a
fight that we're gonna win with swords
and bows and arrows I think we need to
do some so further reading and research
maybe we should reconvene in a week
after doing some independent research
and we can come together and figure out
what exactly is going on maybe two of us
can start on the lanterns and two of us
can research some goals I think we
should give 100% of our well what can
four people do that what do you think
deaf should we divide our resources or I
think the gold case will be a very
simple one but since it is simple they
want it done quickly so I think that
maybe we should devote maybe an hour a
day to the gold well it's probably not
gonna be an hour we're gonna have to
travel back out to the mine again to
investigate most likely so maybe we
should just table it until until uh the
ghost is uh is done but it seemed like
the kind of job that the Chancellor
wanted done in less than a week and that
will have been two weeks probably I mean
what it's not like we'll be punished for
it or something if we don't discover who
stole she could give the job to someone
else and then solve it we have what they
need well exactly we don't want
something that's getting us yeah so we
absolutely cannot have anyone this case
falling into anyone else's hands or we
can just end lantern business
get it over with and then go penny Peter
goes and still Stephanie cool okay I
mean it looks like we don't even need
this gold that much let's think about
what one problem at a time one problem
at a time
what do we do about the ghosts I'm
prepared to go out into the city and do
some research for this do you want me to
go out and do that and then you guys can
investigate what's going on with the
mind stuff sounds like a great idea yes
to the mines let's go team and then I
hit up Chabot Joe fun little pose what's
Joe Joe what's that mean
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure you know they
do all the flamboyant poses what is that
like a Disney shower
what's performance pose hi I'm Norma
check okay okay the pose all right all
right let's see let's see let's see oh
wait no I already mm it's a four okay
all right I had advantage because I was
already hyping them up so I was actually
rolling with advantage they were already
hyped and they respect me and love me as
a leader so way more they're way more
likely to be very yes yes pose Daffy
so I think I should roll with advantage
for that I disagree I disagree this one
I don't feel very inspired right now
it's working
yeah but Toki Toki's inspired Toki
Toki's is enthralled by death okay um so
enthralled almost option you're amazing
[Music]
[Laughter]
that you are inspired by suppose wait
hold on by hmm I'm doing a pose now yeah
all I do pose is pushup what is your a
pair of wire frame glasses
don't have lenses in them with my head
tilted down and then I go and then turn
around and go upstairs
what did you say okay to oppose don't
you what is it um I do like little peace
signs next to my face kind of half you
know my pose was a Deb let's kick him
out
we need a new muscle anyway I
some of us cling to the mind then more
so I think I'm gonna go around town and
talk to people and do research and then
you guys are gonna go to a mine and
investigate and collecting clues yeah
oh let's do that oh let's let's do they
journey through the mine first
it is a one-day journey there there's a
50% chance of encounter with Lenny here
are big muscle man doesn't know me there
pretty intimate maybe quite possibly but
not for sure oh I forgot about this I
have some weird speak with animals
Cipollini down to my cottage cheese do
you have smiles I do because I am a
totem druid Ortona whatever your truth
now I'm a barbarian I'm like a totem
barbarian path a little warrior I'll
find it hold on your animal ma'am yeah
I'll find it later go ahead Neal I'm
saying okay your trip to the mines are
uneventful you travel through nasty
canyons
that we even turn not a lot of water but
you've got traveling supplies and you
make it mine that evening nice hey let's
see the mind map are here we go it's all
white so here you are back at the mine
is there loading for anyone else no it
has loaded for me loaded for me as well
what are you looking for now that you
here it's mine let's enter the mine and
look search for clues maybe the bandits
left something behind
um you know are there some wild animals
there but and I like talk to them you'll
you've seen people eat hold on there's a
limit - hmm Shalini it's not like
non-street smart can he do like it I
don't know like an investigation check
or like ask nature to see if he sees any
like new footprints or something like
that coming to the mind something like
that absolutely would that be nature
that would be I think tracking could be
a nature check yeah could I put that
instead of it negative one for my end
could I make that a wisdom at a zero is
nature normally a wisdom or nature is
normally an end thing so let's leave it
as a good thing all right 1/8 mark you
an asian boy yeah but I get advantage
cuz I'm a nature boy true thank you do
you know do i I don't think so so you
don't see any new tracks anywhere okay
you guys inside yourself into the inside
of the mine I would like to look for
tracks go ahead give me a well we should
probably do this off the party sheet so
make one check for the rest of the party
so use the nature check off the
traveling party sheets attend the three
look around you you split up and look
for clues and you find no new tracks
having entered here nothing significant
all right let's go to I want to look
around and look to see I want to try to
find where the gold was stashed yeah you
can see that this little officee area
over here I'll just drag you up there
has been made a Kimbo boxes have been
ripped open things have been knocked
over some of these barrels have been
split open the whole place looks a
little bit trashed and it's probably in
one of these areas where the gold was
stolen from one of these now destroyed
regions
hmm so it's real messy yep I mean they
probably liked it too super fast they
were probably really sloppy not like
something behind that I could like
investigate or perceived have a light
spell or a source of light because this
place is no longer lit by way should
about one of those stolen lanterns what
stolen engines although actually don't
these guys have night vision shouldn't
one of them I thought yeah it's still
not as good as having I'm lighting a
torch perfect you light a torch
excellent
so give me off of the traveling party
sheet and investigation Jay wait is it
darker is it dim in here it is a bright
light and five feet of the torch and
then dim light for another five feet of
the torch but I mean like without our
our torch would it be dim light or dark
without your torch it would be dark it
would be no light right natural one and
a natural twenty well I wrote that on my
sheet well either way we rolled a
natural one and natural
20 do more if more than one of you is
trained investigation we can roll it at
advantage so of the three of you what
what do you mean like have proficiency
in it yeah have a check mark cool then
you guys can have made that check at
advantage and a 24 investigation will
reveal quite a little bit here you can
see that these barrels and boxes that
have been broken apart have been hacked
apart with axes there's very clear like
wedge-shaped marks that look like an axe
in some areas that are less damaged
where it looks like maybe there's
hacking at it to break it open and some
hits go in the area that break and one
misses off to the side so barek mm-hmm
there are some rolling marks and some
drag marks in this area like something
heavy was moved but then once it gets
down to the minecart region you sort of
like lose the where it goes I'll give
you one guess where they were dragging
it um and it was probably like a chest
with the gold in it right there we did
something heavy yeah we have been in
this room before the first time we
investigated the mine can I use my
knowledge of what it looked like before
to guess what her to know what it was
what what was what is it what they
dragged it's exactly ooh interesting
give me whenever she's done wishing you
a check depending on what cheek
maquettes on that we can use traveling
party yeah I was what would be a
remembering chat like a wreck comparing
contrasting things from before didn't
fight in sight okay cuz your as long as
you have two people trained in insight
make me an insight check off the
traveling party sheet that advantage
let me look good if I'm training insight
I am I am training say okay so a 19-1
way or the other is gonna be pretty good
yeah whatever they were dragging is not
something you would seen before it's
probably something that was
hidden in one of these like this pile of
crates over here or in the pile of
barrels over here hmm whatever this
thing was that they've dragged away you
don't remember seeing anything that
would fit that like two foot wide but
making me really deep score marks on the
ground so why so this is a foreign
object that was not here when the mine
was untouched it could have been hidden
and just out of sight for you or it
could have been introduced as a new
thing so maybe they brought a chest that
they filled up or maybe there was a
hidden chest that they found or so I
remember at work yeah I remember seeing
gold when I investigated this room of
work no so it might have been hit
actually there was a there was a small
amount of gold in the what do we call
this thing this desk
I believe you found a few gold coins
when you first investigated this so we
can infer that the there are more gold
coins near around the desk yeah chests
probably okay so when I told topi that I
think they dragged it out that way the
chest okay and they disappear the marks
disappear like further along the mine
can I look and see you lose the marks
once they come on to the tracks here
because there's no more soft ground for
them to drag into but they don't really
other side do they reappear anywhere
else nope okay they probably used a
minecart maybe wait he'll work in a
minecart go actually they might have put
it on a cart though in general because I
mean wherever they were they probably
didn't drag a really heavy chest they
probably used a mechanism to carry it
like a cart and this probably at least
two three people we're dealing with yeah
probably
can we look at the ax marks and see if
it looks like it was more than one X I
don't know how you could tell if it was
more than one
based on the markings left yeah and we
did roll20
yeah they all looked to be a few ax
marks that you can tell that are
definitely ax marks look about the same
no love huge hear anything sword no
didn't it looked like those things that
were hacked apart were hacked apart with
an axe or with multiple axes of roughly
the same size and shape okay um I want
to look around the rest of the mine and
see if I can find any more clues any
particular areas that you would like to
investigate is your like a in here where
the weapons are or the mining tools
aren't see ya over here you can see
broken glass where these wine bottles
are this whole wine rack has been raided
there's nothing but broken bottles left
behind okay any clues there bill mark
yeah you can see spill marks leading
this way maybe some wet like drops well
probably no more wet drops but the the
earth here is sort of like clumped and
matted down whereas everywhere else it's
been kicked around like when you walk
there you get like a small layer of soft
stuff on the earth but then when
something like when it rains or when it
gets patted down something heavy that
kind of presses so you can see the
compression of the earth from falling
water or you know water that's been
thrown on the ground in this area over
here and then you footprints no
footprints hmm doesn't look like they
purposely muddled the footprints no it
just looks like it's well packed earth
and that you wouldn't it's just not
leaving footprints behind
you'll notice that yourselves aren't
really leaving any footprints here okay
mmm and there's nowhere no no other
clues are in this area no all right
more than a week it's been like a week
and a half what's up Bart Neil can you
give me a high definition picture of it
it is the the calendar of events nothing
here that's a spoiler so don't bother
trying to dig anything out is there
anything over here near these fine
buckets
there's nothing near the fine buckets
they're very nice
okay let's let's really think about this
guys I'd like to use my one hint you get
a hint good one Lois I did I remember
him actually wait I remember equivalents
at a beginning he would give us one hand
I think per thing all right sure sure
the ghost oh right definitely wait do we
all get a hint because what if you two
gets one hint there that she gets one
hint okay
then I say one I said there isn't one
wait maybe before we use the hint we
should investigate the outside of the
building because obviously they gotta
get the [ __ ] outside of here so maybe
there's more clues outside that's cool
wait I want to look in here first
there's nothing right nope
there's nothing okay all right you're
outside again all right let's
investigate this area
James ah yes the smelters Hunt has been
ransacked whereas once it had a nice
collection of you know melted bars and
tools that you could use food
furnishings hay for the horses it's all
been looted there's nothing mobile value
left in here the food is gone supplies
are gone it's only really like the big
oven that you would use to smelt the
iron the maybe the bucket sandbox that
you would use to haul a broken or I'm
sorry depleted or away the big bellows
the anvils still here it's too heavy
oh yeah benches are still here no sign
of anything but they've dropped or
anything give me something that's that's
at an advantage because two of us have
check marks next to the investigation
okay
good lawyer yes see you will notice that
the zoom in here take a look what clues
can I give you so any clue there is you
can look at the screen and find it yeah
or no for the most money I think we have
to ask like specifically some things
will be very visible clues or will be
left as visible clues and summer will
have to be discussed and negotiated yeah
with an eighteen on the investigation
check you can see is there anything to
find in here it's been a week and a half
you just that all the valuable stuff is
taken and only the things that are
easily movable have been taken does that
makes sense like so is it pretty things
you can just grab things that you could
grab and walk away with nothing like
that anvil is like a hundred pounds or
maybe like sixty pounds and if for from
what it is which is just like raw metal
you could sell that for quite a bit of
money but an anvil is a pain in the ass
to move it's it's heavy
it's really dense you can't just like
set it on a horse right so that's been
left behind but all the stuff that could
be moved easily or even if it's heavy
like has some house like a say like an
80 pound 80 pounds of iron or you could
put in saddlebags or you could carry
among multiple people so that's easy to
transport despite being heavy it's just
the difficult to transport things that
are left I guess that's as good as its
yeah are there any like course like
carriage marks or anything like a wagon
there's no wagon marks do I know
of like how many thieves are in this
area like what kind like can I do a
history check on this area of like what
I know is that possible thievery exists
Ebury area is not exceptional yes with
regard to the amount of thieves one way
or the other
mmm do um do I know like have we ever
seen or heard of an a thief like thieves
camps around here or anything like that
they would be shitty Pheebs if they'd
let you know where their camps were
that's true I think are there any crawls
around here just curious yeah you can
find a crow okay
if I could talk to a crow they talk to
me about like oh wait
curls are one of the most intelligent
there's hella smart mm-hmm so you want
to add you want to talk to a crow which
I take it uses a spell slaw and speak
with animals oh not with animal because
speak with animal it says here mmm
think they have perceived or can
perceive within the past day but what if
I the beasts bond and bond with the crow
and then I can they can understand my
messages and communicate simple emotions
and concepts so can I like come tell
about thick link with one beast that you
touch that is friendly to you or charmed
by you the spell fails if it's an
interest for or higher until the spell
ends the link is active while you and
the Beast Within live aside of each
other through the link that you can
understand your telepathic messages to
it and it can telepathically communicate
simple emotions and concepts back to you
well the link is active to beasts
against advantage on any tech roles
against so you want to cast beasts bond
on a crow which you have to make
friendly to you somehow
and then chat with it to see if it's
seen anything
than the past week yeah Toki I could I
have speaking animals I don't know how
Neil is gonna roll how it's gonna work
I could talk to the animal first and
kind of be buddy-buddy with it and see
if it'll help you out with your thing I
don't know how the spell slot stuff is
gonna kind of work with this I have to
cast it as a ritual
I've never wait coming over for
intelligence shouldn't I have a canned
trip called friends where I can I have
advantage of all Cris I guess it's just
advantage and on Christmas ex never mind
never mind it uh which path did you go
you want totem warrior yeah path of the
total Moyer it is um it's like as soon
as you turn level 3 you gain these you
gained the ability to cast Beast sense
and speak with animals but only as
rituals okay sure so if you tune with
the animals and hang out for 10 minutes
and then ritualize this thing you can
speak with animals I'd like to see if I
can speak with animals so we don't use
Toki spell slots sure what is it like
when you cast a ritual to speak with an
animal for you look like the barbarians
gonna sit down and he's going to he's
gonna lay down and kind of just like
I'll do that to get him over here can I
kind of like sprawl out and just like
get my inner beast and I'm gonna do like
I'm kind of like a smallish like bear
roar like a mmm - get ready - like you
know speak with the animal mm-hmm sure
okay the crow kind of hops on over and
[ __ ] its head to one side like words do
mm-hmm I'm gonna few times oh can you
understand me yeah have you seen any uh
thing out of the ordinary new here any
thieves stealing shiny
what's the thief have you seen anybody
steal shiny take shiny out of mine steal
like take
yes uh what way they go here they're
here yes okay
you we have no shiney
it goes over like pecks at your your
sword [ __ ] parents um no no no
anybody else in passed a few son cycle
no you haven't seen anybody what about a
chest like a wooden box wooden box come
out now oh can i good tie with another
bird or a rat near by the curls kind of
curious that what you're doing and I
think you find like a rabbit hanging out
like standing very very still hoping no
one sees it hey you and I'll point at
the rabbit what you've seen anybody come
out with shiny medals out of this cave
no can I walk into the cave a little bit
this is the last night
see if I feel like if I find like a rat
or something inside the cave they might
know more about it I like Neal to know
that rats are also one of the most
intelligent creatures next to crow I
actually looked up in the ranking of
intelligent animals honor it
[Music]
unfortunately there are no rats to be
found
the bats what about bats what about them
no no bats to be found either way I know
what other animals around here Noah rats
in a mine that seems maybe that's all
good you can find right now maybe it's a
clue
maybe there's no rats around maybe
they're hard to find because they don't
like to be found
maybe it's a clue I just say that first
Neal unless it was a clue
Wow
I just said it was a clue that's why I'm
just funny to me I'll ask my party is
gonna be a little bit difficult to find
an animal that was here on the exact day
that the geese creature whatever it was
that stole this [ __ ] is there a bird
nest nearby can I probably can mess with
like um
speeding to be a long shot is there like
a nest with maybe some baby birds
give me a perception the hell my friends
look as well so we take it an advantage
multiple people are trained in
perception you can do it off the party
sheet at advantage our multiple people -
are you guys training perception now
look yes but I know a lot of check marks
on my sheet I feel like either it's a
barred thing or I like accidentally
click them or something you have too
many check marks on your sheet well sort
it out between sessions okay we'll just
leave okay
I got a 13 I'd have it like religion and
stuff 13 I got time to look around
yeah you look around but there are no
birds nests right in this region right
here it's a pretty unpleasant place for
a bird you know they like trees and this
is a pretty barren area mmm thieves came
in here made a mess took all the wine
um dragged the huge chest out and left
no clues behind there has to be some
here there's nothing out here they drop
some you know it doesn't mix well maybe
if you guys had been here right after it
would have been done but let's say they
dropped some food accidentally that
foods definitely been picked up by now
or if they made some sort of like scuff
marks or footprints it's been a week and
a half so that's probably been blown
away it the cult the trail seems to have
gone cold it's been a while since they
were here you know I'll ask the birds
one
this who would know about this abandoned
mine who would know that there was no
one there yeah right that is a good
question oh I did something my heart
breaking oh no no no a high point so who
knew about this incident only people who
would have known about it right would
know to rob it because it's empty
hmm so who would either have visited the
mine and found it empty
would have heard about the mine
problems and gone here really quickly or
might know somebody who was personally
here but never came home and so they
went to find them missing the miners
families maybe what other ways could
someone have found out that the mine was
abandoned those are the three that jump
to mind immediately I mean the guards
came by right and searched it for the
dead bodies so maybe the guards came
back mm-hmm lot of people up coming
through here actually was the dozen or
so the eight soldiers that came with Kel
silver horn and then the eight soldiers
that came with him again the second time
along with you guys those are all the
people you know for certain have visited
yeah but word of this did spread all
right why don't I leave you guys to
ponder over this for a little while
longer and we flip back to nevets
in cron with nevets what's going on I'm
actually going to pillage all of our
gold and I'm actually on a spa vacation
right now I believe that they had the
purse that we agreed that we're gonna
leave here that no one was carrying so
excellent you go no wait I'm just gonna
I would
fine five women all single unavailable
okay we have okay right so I've got a
few different a few different things so
I have like one day right now right
basically they've been going for about a
day yeah it'll take them a day they're
in the day back so you got two days okay
so we've got two days so my first
question is going to be would the town
have any sort of like record of crimes
like is there gonna be like a like a lot
of barracks but like a police station
where they might have a log or something
of like crimes that have been committed
solve charges stuff like that the jail
will have a record of who has been
through here and why they're in jail and
for crimes that weren't punished with
jail time or something like that or like
criminal reports I'm basically looking
for like could there have been like
hauntings or something that occurred in
the city before and then like would
there be like that reported anywhere
like who investigated it what would the
resolution was where it happened so for
hauntings you could just ask some really
old people in town because hauntings
everyone would know about it's the
oldest person town would have the best
memory on the different hauntings that
would have happened here someone might
have kept a record but that would
probably be like in a private you know
personal journal somewhere okay for
other crimes like a lot of petty crime
they just deal with it on the spot and
there's no record-keeping right this is
a this is the old way of doing things
and not everything always happens
lawfully as well lots of extra judicial
punishments being served out so more
specifically as are you specifically
just looking for hauntings yeah
basically yeah or things regarding like
supernatural things I'm looking for like
a record or somebody that would know I
guess
of those crimes that were committed or
those hauntings that happen I would say
sounds like you want to talk to maybe an
elder in the village sure in the town
yeah yeah let's see let's we have the
sheriff of town is a female dwarf named
Kelly Emma she is a hundred and thirty
one years old so off the top of your
head she's the oldest person you know I
guess near the same age Toki but Kelly
um has been here in town
for a long time she's been sheriff here
for a long time probably your best
person to go to yeah can I do it yep you
can find her down at her little sheriff
station she is super strong
she wears chainmail has a studded Club
and a pair of manacles and is sitting
back in a cozy rocking chair rocking
back and forth while working on some
small block of wood that it looks like
she's whittling into maybe a horse or a
Hippogriff or something okay yeah can I
walk up to her I guess in Chatham as if
anybody can go in and talk yeah she sort
of takes a cursory glance at you and
then returns her eyes to her woodworking
and what do you need um
kill Gemma if I understand it you have
quite the history in this town I'm
dealing with a peculiar problem we're up
high this is so incredibly embarrassing
but I think there might be a ghost
haunting the house of my dear old
parents and I'm looking to speak to
somebody that might have experience
remedying these problems have there been
any famous hauntings in the past in the
city that somebody's dealt with that you
know of you should go talk to the
various operations agency they're
dealing with a ghost hunt right now yeah
I've heard that but their ghost hunt
seems a very high-profile right now and
actually what knocking on their office
and they're not even in town at the
moment so I was wondering if you might
have known of any big cases that
happened or any large reports or I'm
sure somebody has been haunted in this
town before and somebody's cleared it
out mm-hmm mm-hmm about 30 years ago
there was a ghost spotted in the
graveyard one of the murderers in town
real cutthroat guy they called him uh
well what'd they call them doesn't
matter probably shouldn't speak his name
he got put down for all the murders that
he did all the people he killed we made
sure that his head rolled far from his
shoe
elders and week after we put him in the
soil he came right back out haunted the
graveyard for a while kind of nasty
creepy thing didn't kill nobody
clerics eventually drove him out do you
remember by chance which clerics these
were are they somebody that still lives
within the town or anybody familiar with
that exorcism I guess mother Gilda she
wasn't the high cleric back then but she
was still uh you know way up there
mother killed her
okay any other high-profile cases you
can remember in the last 50 or so years
anything else related to any hauntings
or ghosts
oh I let's see about 40 40 some years
ago there was a some sort of a
parishioner
that was lighten up one of the
watchtowers late at night putting the
candle up in it no you asked me she says
making eye contact with you again that
wasn't no apparition that was the former
Baroness signaling to her lover that it
was time to come inside the keep well if
the official word was an apparition was
lighting candles up in the towers so
it's hard to tell what it was
let's see famous ghost hauntings hmm
there was a banshee outside of town
maybe 45 years ago one of the nearby
villages killed about a dozen people hmm
and who do you and who was involved with
solving these cases the apparition in
the light tower and the murderous ghost
well the Baroness took care of the
apparition had her own guards look into
it and they stopped peering right soon
as she started looking into it you know
what I mean and the banshees whole
village evacuated for a couple weeks
until some passers-by who were looking
to make some money managed to squeeze
every last copper out of their pockets
kill the
banshee take about all the valuables
from the town to claim that they went
missing probably stolen by the Banshee
and then when I went to go search them
see what their stuff was you know if
they had stolen the things from the
villagers they pieced on out right quick
how many years ago was this forty five
years ago or so okay I think it was a
group of two humans a halfling in a
dwarf dwarf might still be around maybe
the halfling - but I don't know where
they're from what a conspicuously sized
party well thank you very much for the
information and I'm gonna go around town
and ask some questions thank you very
much well before you go which house is
being haunted just so I know when I hear
further reports I can make stuff make
sense of stuff I'm so sorry
one of the reasons this is actually I'm
so sorry this is so embarrassing my
father was actually once a
well-respected cleric and his memory is
just not what it used to be and he
doesn't want to admit that he can't deal
with the ghosts which is why I am out
here doing homework to figure out what's
going on so I very much appreciate it if
nobody else really knew about this
because I feel would bring great shame
and embarrassment to him if word got out
about this so father Daryl um no
although he actually did work with
father Daryl quite a bit if you know
Daryl you would probably know my father
but that's in town oh he hasn't lived
here for very long unfortunately uh my
father's name is um I know every cleric
in town now oh well but he hasn't done
any cleric work here unfortunately he
moved from further up north and Daryl
was actually the one that recommended he
settle here so yeah well I ought to know
every cleric in town I could keep a
secret
sheriff keeps many a secret my father's
name why don't you take me to your house
and you can show me what the problem is
it's probably just a creaky barn door um
yeah actually if you'd like to escort me
we could actually go and look into
now perhaps sure that'd be great what
time is it right now you can decide okay
it's noontime it's busy outside yeah I
would like to walk out and as we get to
a large group of people that are moving
through the cards I am naturally
stealthy and I also have quite the
nimble movement for a halfling so I
think I would be able to move through
the cards and unfortunately lose her in
the crowd maybe I would shop behind her
like oh where are you keep up and then
and then kind of slip away so alright so
you're gonna lose her in the crowd yeah
you can attempt to hide all right she's
actually doing her honest best to keep
up with you so I'm gonna have her make
the perception check to see if she can
follow you anyway it's a sixteen why
don't you make me a stealth check at
advantage right boy do you get advantage
because I'm naturally stealthy coy move
and hide when you are lightly obscured
or by there's got to be larger people
walking around when we're in a crowd of
people sure gives you a chance to hide
it doesn't give you advantage on the
hide it allows you to hide when there's
like just a few people in the way I mean
what what race isn't sure yeah what race
is to show more you know what maybe I
don't know why I don't need it actually
don't even I don't need the advantage
here comes a twenty one just for you
coypu thank you get me out of here
close enough get me out of here you've
course I do
I don't have time to mess around with
ease 150 year old okay dying corpses all
right they call themselves chairs
snuck away snuck behind her and killed
her only if that Sheriff would have been
my character maybe okay what was the
name I'm sorry what was the name of the
even just disrespects elders because he
knows he's becoming on himself
okay Torino oh my god
make sure you say goodbye to your
audience when you go to twitchcon so
that you can see them there yeah okay
so mother Gilda that's not the lady that
we spoke to okay I need a minute to
think about this would you we all would
she have seen us there would you've seen
all of us there when we went to go visit
her well you did yeah I was hoping you
forgot about that nevermind okay um okay
I'm trying to think of how I'll be
honest guys I don't know if we can do
the SAP player cuantos edit cleric I
need I need more time to think because
now I have to talk to her without her
back to the mine you're all standing
around what have you come up with yeah
you're all hard at work while we were
gone right smarter we're typing in DDG I
was right about the investigation some
theories you know I'd like to put it on
my head yes Lord Buck ahead you can put
one on your head you will not succeed in
running for office though plus one AC
absolutely but then you no longer get
Dex bonuses because you can't see
anything coming and everyone has
advantage to hit you and you have
disadvantage to hit everyone but you do
get +1 to a/c guys my name is poke holes
in the bucket my god you've invented the
helmet that's a very uncomfortable
helmet mm-hmm well well words read of
this mind being broken into and it's
safe to say that it only really spread
to the town that board silver horn was
from because he was
we live there right and it only really
spread because of the execution about to
happen
Khoi who's making me actions making me
think why not on are you making
interesting deductions I don't know if
they are maybe just stole all the stolen
and easily so yours don't get paid on
those soldiers if they'd come back on
their off time definitely could have
broken in and stolen everything for a
hypothesis maybe we question as well
let's let's let's take down our our
suspects okay oh please suspect thieves
right which are very good suspects how
would they their motive is that they
want gold right there means is that they
live probably outside of the town around
they probably travel so they're able to
they probably travel in packs too and
they're probably you know pretty they're
able to drag things and you know carry
stuff and and they they have the means
okay and opportunity they were they in
the right place at the right time with
the right tools probably because they're
thieves and thieves always find a way
right so thieves right mm-hmm
guards the soldiers that were there
seven eight years they at least know
that it was abandoned and unguarded yeah
right right they knows that I'm been an
unguarded see the thieves how would how
would Pheebs know that um that the mine
was abandoned maybe they were thieves
closer to the town or maybe they just
have like heard from other thieves or
something I don't really know our
soldiers and the guards they they know
yeah
no I'm saying like a random band of
thieves how would they know is what I
was saying work it out yeah but it was a
pretty public case
what hit public I mean there's someone
getting executed for it so wasn't even
stuff stolen before the execution was
announced announced yeah do we know when
that execution was announced QD
execution was a see you got the case on
Tuesday the first who's in first you
captured you you've solved the case by
Thursday night so it would have been
Friday morning Friday is what had been
like when the case was solved when one
of them was captured or went out when
Kel silver horn was taken into custody
and jailed would have been Friday and
that's probably when word would spread
like wildfire that Cal Drake silver barn
was arrested for something and and we
know we know that wait when did we steal
the lanterns
you stole the lanterns on Friday and it
was and we know the Saturday evening
when people arrived at the mines to
check up on it and found everything
stolen after we stole it but before that
mm-hmm
yeah so somewhere between I guess you
were there Friday and you left Friday
night so Friday that's Friday to the
fourth fourth yes it was either after
you left Friday but you were there that
you were there and left at night thank
know you leave at night you swing you
spent the day there yeah we left at
night we left that night okay so what
have been Friday night but one night
late
late night after you guys or sometime on
Saturday or Sunday
up until morning time up until evening
time because Sunday evening is when the
new people arrived so you got a narrow
window of wait I thought I thought they
chicks Saturday I heard Saturday - uh-uh
if I said Saturday then I misspoke
Sunday is when the new people
to check on it Sunday information that's
ass um all right so save too soon they
they did this Saturday maybe right yeah
maybe Cal Drake he he organized the
murder right so he knew about it so what
if he told someone to Braden email I
don't think no he wouldn't do that
because he was gonna inherit the mine
afterwards why would he have somebody
rate in mind that he was just a that's
cheating
thank you a little voice inside my head
I don't know I'm leaning towards the
guards are the soldiers or someone who
like for sure you couldn't kill Drake
himself just lifted the gold after
killing the people that could've
happened yeah I don't think you guys
investigated I mean there was damage to
the inside of the mind that happened
after you guys were there with the
lanterns for sure oh right sure you've
just they've just seen it damaged and
trashed I guess that could be vandals
even after the fact but the when you
were there for the lanterns
none of the wine was stolen or missing
you know I'm gonna go and try to pick up
the anvil it's very heavy but I suppose
you can pick it up how heavy what's
anvil weighs a hundred pounds I'm gonna
grab okey wait a normal and Vil only
weighs 100 pounds an anvil weighs
between 75 to 500 pounds and your life
there's no standard anvil size right so
you want me to bring this back
Oh like a deaf ah why I don't know heavy
oh I think we can leave that funny good
job you can lift it up though
I'm very impressed my strength back what
good it's worth a little bit of money
but I actually think it'd be smart to
leave it here because we can sight that
they only took small things cuz I
already stole all the lanterns that - um
and they probably oh and they they
probably saw the anvil was here when
they check so anything more missing
would obviously be framed um yeah no
we're not gonna take anything no kinda
guards were there what soldiers do we
know who they were can we possibly which
cards our soldiers are you talking about
every single one who was do we know
which one could have been there do we
know like yeah so the guards that came
with you guys to go check out this mine
were the guards the Prince of cron Rick
they're just part of the you know the
the city militia the ones that are loyal
to him that were dispatched with his
retinue night retainer night quell
silver horn so those guards work in the
castle and are loyal to the principle
mm-hmm
do we know if these are the same guards
who checked the first time to see what
was missing it is very probable that
they were the same group well did we
know from like going with them like did
they talk about it like it was them Oh
give me an intelligence check just a
flat intelligence check thank you daddy
know what you you don't recall anything
about that maybe they didn't say
anything or maybe well I D nice Toki of
she remembers Toki also does not recall
hearing anything about that okay Frick
that just might mean they didn't say
anything about it yes yeah what about
the soldiers what about what about was
endures were their soldiers different
the cards are they different almost that
they were different I'm sorry I'm I'm
not sure what does that mean what does
it mean you for you guys asking me a
direct question I'm sorry I thought you
were just sort of posing something to
the party what was the direct question
for me your soldiers and guards right
Same Same Same Same Same soldier guard
in the situation okay maybe it's worth
yeah yeah be think we go back well don't
we I mean the only suspects we ever the
guards and the thieves well the guards
would be easy to rule out you can just
see if anybody was gone that had gone on
this mission if they weren't in town on
the days that I was were stolen right
that's an easy thing to rule out you can
find an alibi for them so you're gonna
head back to town yeah warm all right
let's see if you guys get into an
encounter we have our strongman with
this melon can i brains there - it's too
soft to give us an encounter no don't
say that okay don't say Neil is Neil is
so cool he would totally give us an
account I would wipe us out but he
because he's a kind of benevolent God
god damn very interchangeable
comfortable I mean the DM is the God
right Excel works sweet God holy give us
a hint you are walking home through then
you're not here through the hills
what is your marching order I'm first
I'm last perfect so you guys are are
headed northward through the canyons
when you actually give me a perception
check person the front whoever's in the
front give me a perception check very
perceptive you are so perceptive you're
so perceptive in fact you hear a
rustling off to the side something in
the rocks isn't another Zorn
who knows what it is and while you are
paying attention to the left side
because you heard something over there
we have a black bear Oh me and bears are
chill are they though when there are a
back black bear and some Cubs are you
really all that chill with them
and let's see what their initial
reaction is to you you guys must be
behind this rock because you're not
seeing these things until it arrives
he's looking over there as the bear
comes round the corner I guess the Cubs
will be back in this corner they're
pawing at Maude's under rocks as Bears
are want to do in the high hills and
that is a 9 on the monster reaction
table that means he's my new pet
means it means the bear approaches you
and sort of like snorts and gives like a
which makes you snap to attention and
see it ah well take a disengage action
and back up quick I've fought many bear
we don't need to fight them and I will
hopefully slowly cuz with bears you're
not supposed to go quick and yeah I'd
like my party to follow me and we just
keep backing up there's another way
around obviously
so yeah the bear you start backing up
the Bears sort of been different to you
as you back away yes it changes its
demeanor and ignores you this sort of
stance here while it's Cubs paw at this
pile of rocks
is the only way throughout this no I
mean all roads lead to Rome right you
can find a more roundabout path but this
is the fastest road they're not going to
Rome [ __ ] I could talk with the babe if
you guys like any cool I mean what we
can just he could be a grumpy bear that
or you could just leave what do you want
to do many do you want to talk to the
bear I'll talk with bear see if he'll
let us stir talk with the bear let's
talk with bear whatever each cross
bloody well uh wait ten minutes for me
to do my ritual okay the bear doesn't
wait ten minutes for you to do the
ritual maybe started coming after us I
would obviously move okay okay yeah yeah
yeah you start doing your ritual and the
bear sorts like coming towards you soon
Jordan will dip out will leave all right
you guys can walk around late leave them
to dig at their insects and make it back
to town without too much other problem
it seems to be fun
all right the whole party is gather
around in town I guess you guys would
have had to spend the night there
because it's day there in a day back so
it is two days later I have an idea what
is it the main
what about her what if she took the poll
how would the made it because she
escaped all mailers Bay this is the mine
on the way to Wailord they exact
opposite direction so oh you're not that
why don't we end up here as we are at it
is uh what is that six o'clock Pacific
and when we come back in a couple of
weeks you will have had a chance to
think about who might have access to the
mine or know about it you maybe you can
get a list of suspects that you can
generate on your own and you can also
help take care of the Haunted Mansion
because it has been a week and a half
since you've been given that mission and
the mansion is still haunted and it's
not gonna just sit here long forever
eventually someone else is going to take
the project into their own hands okay I
will do my best to chill for you yeah
yeah yeah okay yeah yeah okay
good session Cueva thanks my pleasure we
are out next week the 29th but I do
believe we will return on the 5th of
September Stephen Oh Stephen go hey guys
um thanks a lot for joining us and I
love you all very much and you can find
me at twitch.tv slash destiny and
Instagram back on such destiny and
youtube.com slash destiny well repeat
you okay okay go youtube.com slash mr
MOU - and - check out all my other Dini
campaigns I'm gonna have three of them
so you know twitch TV Sasuke Torino and
then kinder it on TV on Twitter and
Instagram hey boo Koivu work with zero
on all things
yay cool cool cool cool
thanks a lot guys it's been fun we'll
catch you next time whenever that is and
see you later bye
[Music]
