some guy is super [ __ ] mad that the
TSA pulled his bag because he has Girl
Scout cookies on it and now I am waiting
on my [ __ ] bag truck because I think
they flagged my [ __ ] camera and this
guy is going crazy over here
and he's a first-class [ __ ] flyer so
you know he's entitled as [ __ ] oh [ __ ] I
am so triggered right now
I [ __ ] hate I hate the service
industry and I hate every [ __ ]
comes to enix places oh my god he is so
[ __ ] it's the guy over there or an
orange is like super standoffish like oh
my god he's so upset right now and he's
slowing down all the [ __ ] bag checks
so triggered right now
every 20 [ __ ] minutes can't even
believe it oh my god
you know what the funny thing is I'm
stereotyped because I'm in the Midwest I
bet that discipline Republican and he
was probably pro patriot are connected
editor so it's partially his point why
we even have the [ __ ] key to say oh
my god
Vietnamese eatery oh my god there's like
three restaurants in this terminal well
I don't like that faux [ __ ] Motel
mikaze oh oh this is like Seaford I can
I can eat this now right since actually
it might be some okay stuff that hey I
don't know what the [ __ ] you guys have a
New Zealand so quietly if I want a big
good American cheeseburger choose
suitcase $22 Airport Burger King oh my
god I haven't at Burger King in so long
it was here I'd do it but nice game of
Thrones shirt oh god I feel so edgy as
an American compared to a lot of
Europeans like when I see you guys in
your videos you guys are like very
uppity cheerful and like your groups of
friends oh my god this poor kids hair
what's going on oh my god
this is a disaster oh sorry okay oh my
god
[Music]
it's gonna be like a huge [ __ ] white
I can already feel it 45 minutes to get
you of a cheeseburger sir I'll lick this
guy's taking pictures
what a [ __ ] tourist not like us the
well-traveled American please wait to be
seated half pound all-natural hamburger
cheeseburger does it really have to be
half a pound that's an insane amount of
beef
when they are serving link when SS like
house-made chips that's they're just
doing the English sort of calling French
fries chips right wait but it also says
French fries oh sure
oh my in New Zealand now if I was in New
Zealand people wouldn't be speaking
English they'd be speaking New Zealand
ish are you even paying attention to the
stream you [ __ ] idiot
Zimmerman oh oh these people getting
doxxed everybody so I'd say I'm walking
with your live stream set up why [ __ ]
off oh [ __ ] I'm a goddamn American I got
rights here I'm a white American at
least have rights here okay well do you
think I can sit here just kidding
I didn't want you anyway she's not even
close to fast I could [ __ ] us remote
that [ __ ] if we were gonna race reform
is horrible she's like flailing our arms
back and forth no locomotive properties
whatsoever I've never seen less
biomechanical efficiency in a run in my
entire life
wait if this guy's trying to race me for
it oh my god I think that guy is looking
for what I'm looking for [ __ ] we gotta
hurry
oh god oh no no no no wait oh no wait
oh my god we are they all taken what are
the point of the kind of misted glass
opposite of you missed it what what like
that how does it look nice say that
suffer my dentist office it looks like
somebody basically went to build the
wall but they were kind of a new and
they didn't know that if they put the
glass things in like the three by two
they could get glass panes and they just
used the blocks of glass instead after
cooking the Santa's furnace classic
classic Navy minecraft mistake he never
built with a never build with blocks of
glass always make him into window panes
okay what do we say nacho is there such
a thing as having too much sex yeah
maybe I feel like I probably have like
unhealthy addiction problems to that
type of stuff but um but I guess with an
addiction you don't really want to fix
it right once I hit rock bottom
Oh clunk oh he'll go find out hey guys
when you're 50 not famous anymore less
people will want to [ __ ] you and it
would be the worst time of your life
trust me I've seen it happen I don't
think when you're 50 you have less sex
and against a lot of sex
what sort of openers geez and online
messages when I message girls on tinder
I think I say I think I say like hey
let's ask each other pairs of questions
one naughty and one nice with some
she'll like that
so like third of the match you unmatched
you immediately like 10% are like oh
you're a fuck-boy and then the other
half yet usually engaged and then you
just go from there see what kind of
person they're a lot of people get
boring answers
you gotta match those [ __ ] and then
yeah some people yeah there you go I go
hard right off the bat man I ain't got
time I ain't got if I'm off a contender
ain't got time to [ __ ] waste all
right I'm not here just like the right
blog post to you all right I don't need
your goddamn life story I need to know
if you're down to [ __ ] that's what the
[ __ ] I'm here for hell yeah it's alpha
but it's awkward not awkward or
something unmanned cheese are they on
Matt you who the [ __ ] cares why the [ __ ]
don't worry about if some random person
or not you want to know why the [ __ ] you
care don't worry about that how's the
tinder selection at La Quinta Nebraska
insane in Nebraska you're basically like
a nine if you're like not [ __ ] fat
but in uh but in LA it's crazy if you
only get one match on the unmatched you
can be traumatizing is it really true
are there really guys that only get one
match I feel like I feel like if I had
to objectively evaluate my appearance I
feel like I said it like average to
maybe slightly above average that's
probably how most people would rate
their appearance right but I see I get
lots of matches I mean like I can get
like a dozen or so in a day if I swipe
for a little bit I feel like um
I feel like you you have to have like if
you've just got like one picture and
it's like a shitty picture I then then
like maybe you are a seven and you have
nice eyes listen everybody has nice eyes
okay just put the number one thing that
you need in your profile is good
pictures put good pictures in your
profile don't show you wearing some
janky ass [ __ ] wife beater with like
alcohol dripping out your [ __ ] mouth
and it's like one for there and then
your next picture is like you in the
background with 30 friends or some dumb
[ __ ] how low are you willing to go looks
wise um I don't like very I mean like I
like all shapes and sizes I just don't
like super big people it's kind of mean
but like sorry but otherwise I'm not
like ultra picky I like small boobs or
big boobs or small booties or big
booties all races one girl one asian
girl she is just kind of funny when we
talked after she said that the only
reason well not well I don't know she
said one of the big reasons why we ended
up going through with everything was
because I was the only white guy that
she'd said over like the past 50 matches
that didn't ask her what her ethnicity
was I thought that was interesting
that's kind of funny and also kind of
[ __ ] sad I guess but did you ask her
after oh now she was Chinese 100% I did
i guy that showed I'm like I know what
you are by looking at you I've seen
enough Chinese Koreans and Japanese
people to know if you're one of the
three every time could you tell her were
you sensible enough not to ask well it's
a combination of both as well like I
don't give a [ __ ] I don't I don't care
what ethnosphere
doesn't I don't give a [ __ ] the face
shape yeah Chad didn't believe me we did
this a long time ago where I said I
could tell they don't even like Asians
Koreans and Japanese people and Chad
didn't believe me and we did like a test
where people were like giving me
pictures and [ __ ] on stream and I pretty
sure I got like almost all of them right
so [ __ ] off the way that I remember it
here's how I remember it here's my
general rule of thumb jab this is gonna
sound really raised I hope this isn't
raises your like Japanese people seem to
have like longer more solemn faces kind
of Chinese people seem to have a little
bit more like ovular features I don't
want to say like ovals but kind of like
that and then I don't know how to
describe Korean people if it's a girl
like half of them all look the same
because they all strive for that same
[ __ ] Korean girl look and then other
than that it's like a middle ground
between Japanese and Chinese in my eyes
but basically like
I think that's usually how I can tell
the difference being those three types
of people and then if you're like if
you're like Singaporean or some [ __ ] I
don't [ __ ] know I'll never be able to
guess I don't I haven't seen enough of
those types of people
what about Vietnamese the only
Vietnamese people I've seen a lot of our
older Vietnamese people because um
that's the only people came to the
casino so you think having shirtless
pics on tinder is good or nay
I don't really know actually girls like
all shapes and sizes as well like there
are a lot of girls that like lightning
guys are kind of chubby guys or like non
muscular guys like there are girls that
like that too I mean I guess if you
don't look that good shirtless you could
try that but I mean like if you if you
look good if you have a good asset you
should show it off 100% like if you look
good shirtless you should absolutely
have like a picture of you in a swimsuit
if you have like a nice ass as a guy you
should absolutely have a picture of you
and like a good pair of jeans or
something like 100% just be careful not
to uh don't come off as a fuck-boy
unless that's your goal as a girl over a
street your height one time a girl on
tinder told me her height because she
was like 5 7 or 5/8 to ask if it
bothered me but otherwise I don't think
anybody's asked me my height before no
how would that bother you because a lot
of guys are bothered if girls are the
same height as them or taller
do you have you're hiding your profile
no I don't maybe I should put it when do
you decide to get in or date is a
one-night stand or something more I
don't know man
I for me this is I got really triggered
a trend yesterday but I didn't go hard
on Twitter I can't really know that
until I meet somebody physically meeting
somebody in person
man you can learn I feel like I can
figure out a lot about a person if I can
talk with them for five or ten minutes I
feel like I could learn so much but I
could talk with you for weeks online and
not really understand you very well
there's just so much more that's
communicated like non-verbally in person
then there is feel like text messaging I
don't know so I mean like for in terms
of like a tinder day being something
more I don't think I've ever dated
someone from tinder but I mean if I met
somebody on tinder I mean I imagine that
like I could can to get a much better
feel of them after meeting them a person
how young would you have sex with like a
top a 19-yard yesterday that she thought
I'm cool um I don't know I mean
obviously whatever it would be it would
be the legal age but I mean I don't know
I mean like I could probably I mean I
don't know
like people that you have sex with them
people that you would date are also a
lot different as well too but yeah I'm
not sure I don't know I've never really
thought about it much
what are your insecurities um I don't
think I have any insecurities I mean
like basically if I meet somebody I'm
basically like this is Who I am if you
like me that's cool we'll do stuff not
than whatever we move on I don't know
it's not no skin off my back you seem
kind of insecure on your height and the
Martin shkreli debate you seem super
curious about whether there were girl
pills or not no I just didn't know you
could increase on these maximum height
by using HGH I honest to god I have
never thought about my height of my life
I didn't even realize guys obsessed over
it so much until I came to the internet
guys obsessed over because girls obsess
over it in my opinion it is a very rare
that a girl will obsess over height
unless you are very very short as a guy
so like 5 7 and under or like under 5 7
and which case you might run into issues
I don't think girls obsess over high
anywhere near as much as guys do there's
a lot of stuff that guys obsessed with
that think that they think that girls
care about a lot that girls don't give a
[ __ ] about a lot and it's funny because
like any guy that's into this [ __ ] will
know like friends is like cars and one
of those things were like dude like I
[ __ ] wanted the [ __ ] out of my car
like I dressed up the engine bay like I
got a sick I super like girls are gonna
love this [ __ ] but when you go to car
shows it when you like to show your off
to anybody it's always other guys that
care no make no girl goes a [ __ ] how
much [ __ ] horsepower you're pushing
and you're [ __ ] four-banger or in your
little [ __ ] street race like no girl
actually gives a [ __ ] and it's the same
thing with lifting as well right like
you guys like oh [ __ ] like finally
[ __ ] doing 315 reps for bench and
it's like well who cares like it's gonna
be other guys at the gym checking you
out like no girl in the history of all
of mankind has ever asked like oh my god
like your pecs like what's your match
next batch like oh my god like what's
your like what's your one rep like oh my
god like I really wouldn't know like oh
my god like that back your posterior
chain like oh my that lumbar support you
must deadlift like a five plate that
like no girl actually gives a [ __ ] about
this right as long as you like in decent
shape
I mean it's whatever and Brown dating
circles women very often say 511 plus
only and [ __ ]
that might be true brown people or I
should say black people or maybe
african-american just kind of space them
say some different [ __ ] which is kind of
unfortunate like I remember talking to
one there's a black friend that I talk
to a lot about this he says one of the
one of the most nerve-wracking things is
a black person is if you have like an
average dick and you got a [ __ ] girl
there are a lot of people that expect
you to have like the BBC like if you
unsheath and you don't have like 8 plus
inches as a black guy like girls will
actually like judge you for it and it's
like one of those it's like a really
shitty thing you have to deal with and
that that would be like so like there
are black guys that like there are black
guys where it's like [ __ ] like that
first time is like really nerve-wracking
because they don't know if the person
they're with or some racist [ __ ] that
expects them to like you know plop out
12 inches onto their stomach or some
[ __ ] protip for tinder virgins by a dog
put it in your profile a lot of girls to
swipe for animals there you go how do
you usually transition from casual
texting and sexting with a girl I did I
on tinder I open it with my first
question
so I'm [ __ ] ready to go right off the
bat in normal conversations usually the
way to do it is to make like start
making like a sexual joke and then see
how they engage with that humor and if
they're receptive to it and respond to
it you can usually move in that
direction if they're not then you know
they're not interested and then you
don't move in that direction so
somebody's like what games you played
growing up but like oh I really like
playing Starcraft especially when a girl
is [ __ ] me while I'm doing it and
then if they're like oh I want to do and
now she's kidding don't do it like that
don't do that I'm just kidding did that
last part come through don't do it like
that oh my god honestly if you have to
ask maybe you shouldn't do this at all
if you have to ask you shouldn't do it
at all he said about an essential
component of modern dating I mean like I
don't know a lot of it you just have to
like feel out like there's not like hard
line guides for like how to sex with
someone or how to engage so many in that
type of conversation like honestly like
honestly like the most important thing
you can develop as a person is
understanding what other people are
feeling
and seeing what people aren't seeing
rather than always just looking at what
people are saying so Francis if there's
a girl that you really really like and
you text her first every single day and
you're like hey I've noticed and I'm
texting her first every single day if
you like decide okay I'm not gonna text
her and over the next three or four days
you don't
and she doesn't message you at all it's
not always about going through like well
she says she likes me blah blah blah
sometimes it's more like okay well if I
look at like what she's not doing or
look at the things she's not saying if I
was in her position and I really liked
me I would be saying these things so the
fact that she's not you know it's kind
of speaking volumes to what's going on
inside her head so I mean like there's a
lot of stuff like that you kind of have
to like I mean I don't know like being
able to be able to understand what other
people are thinking is like a really
important part of a lot of these types
of conversations not everyone deals with
feelings the same though that's true I
don't waste my time on people that have
like [ __ ] autism or whatever though
like I don't have time for that [ __ ]
if you're gonna like do some weird like
ghosty [ __ ] or whatever and that's just
the way you are that's fine but I don't
have time that's it's way way way way
way that's something that I can't say
but like I can't deal with that it's too
much
there's too much guesswork involved
there and like I'm a big person where I
honestly believe there's a saying where
it's like your actions are so loud I
can't even hear what you say right like
if if you act in a certain way that is
consistent with a form of thought that I
would imagine you to have but you
constantly say something different but
you continue to act in accordance with
the other thing I'm thinking that's just
it's too much yeah I don't know it's too
much it's too stressful for me I can't
deal with that are you a sugar daddy to
that new zealand girl could never be a
sugar to anybody that [ __ ] sounds crazy
as [ __ ] I can ever pay somebody to [ __ ]
me I don't think I would enjoy it I'll
actually have to go to the bathroom
that's why [ __ ] hold on I'll be back one
second - sliding in relationships is
torture yeah if people are gonna play
games I don't think it's worth your time
one of the scariest parts about
relationships is that we can only know
what people think through inductive
reasoning right we have to build up
probabilities in our head about what
exists in another person's mind because
you can't ever truly know and if you're
in a relationship where the other person
plays games it's possible that you can
start building up like a lot of like
really [ __ ] up [ __ ] or like really not
true [ __ ] that doesn't align with what
they actually think because they aren't
necessarily forthcoming with what they
are actually feeling there's like a lot
of like weird [ __ ] that goes into that
but um yeah I mean like I'm pretty I'm
usually very blunt and very forward with
what I'm feeling at any given time so I
usually try to ask the same of any
person that I'm with destiny rotate
sorry I was already in Australia get it
you guys get it do you guys get it
what's your profile bio intend oh I
don't know I think I put in there now
that I'm a streamer I think it's in
there you get fans put enemy girls on
tinder yeah one time I did I probably
shouldn't have said it now because some
of your [ __ ] creepers are gonna go
look for me but [ __ ] you guys [ __ ] all
you [ __ ] would you be able to
date another popular streamer yeah I
don't know what this one I kind of feel
like I have to date a streamer talking
to people that aren't involved in my
industry it's very weird because like
work is one of the big big parts of your
life right and for me like it's my
career right it's more than just a job
like it's literally my whole life so to
date somebody in the outside that
doesn't understand that and all is um is
very difficult to communicate anything
right like to communicate with somebody
it's just very hard a my non-monogamous
um I think if I dated again I think it
would have to be an open relationship or
at least somebody really open to
threesomes which is really hard to find
finding somebody with a low vo that can
keep up with - very very very [ __ ]
hard
female female male FML female whatever
you do either way it's fine with me did
you make out what I do doing I think
something man I'll [ __ ] with a guy give
a [ __ ] dude
think of a [ __ ] I just wouldn't [ __ ] a
guy or get [ __ ] by a guy that's my
like hard limit I don't think I would be
on to either of those doing a mammal if
you do a memo female 3 similar both of
the guys need to be at least bisexual
otherwise it would be really [ __ ]
boring I wouldn't [ __ ] with that if I
was a girl and I had two guys who were
scared to like touch each other's dicks
or whatever [ __ ] that it would be way
too [ __ ] boring why would you want to
kiss I do but not [ __ ] him I never said
I would kiss a dude I believe the dude's
dick but I would never kiss a guy that's
super gay it sounds really weird but
like I don't see guys romantically at
all I don't think I could ever like kiss
a guy whatever it would feel really
weird to me they're like dicks are cool
I guess no I don't know how to explain
it I'm sorry I can't tell if it's a meme
I really don't know how to explain it it
sounds like a man but like dicks and
[ __ ] are cool but like kissing or
cuddling with a guy just doesn't pay off
Oh yuck sounds gross we're not gross
we're just unappealing
is there where that I feel the opposite
like I could kiss or cuddle with a dude
but like any dick stuff is gross to me I
don't know I'm in assault whatever do
whatever your um what does it called
like the Kinsey scale different people
like different [ __ ] you everything you
have a monogamous long-term relationship
again I don't know man
if I really really really really really
loved the person and they really wanted
to maybe like I like libido is like
really really important for me for a
relationship and if there was a big
mismatch I don't think I could do it
buddy too much to overcome
yeah I would either either cheat or end
up pressuring them to open a
relationship or just dump them like it
would be it just it wouldn't work
there's no way do you sometimes wish you
at a lower libido I mean kind of I mean
on one end it's like it's one of those
things where like like when girls have
like you know like when girls have like
36 G's they're like oh I wish I had
smaller boobs and it's like do you
really you know and I mean I kind of
feel the same way about sex like [ __ ]
over like 3 times in a night and then
waking up and doing it like 2 or 3 more
times is like you feel like really good
about it but like realistically it ends
up like cutting into my work in my life
a lot it's one of those things where
it's like if you could have never had it
would it be better in which case the
answer is probably yes but do you
masturbate several times a day
that's why I'm at twice a day kind of
person ok that's what it has to be like
that's my life how do you function very
poorly twice a day at 30 yeah I kind of
thought it would slow down as I got
older I figured like I figured in my 20s
is like oh well I'm 20 but I give it at
30 it's really bad like if I'm sleeping
with a girl it's really bad like if we
finish and we like if we stay up talking
too much
I'll have to go again if it's been like
20 minutes like alright dude we roll
over I don't know
whatever man what are you gonna do is it
important to you that the girl comes
each time yeah I can't mess with a girl
that doesn't orgasm is very very very
hard for me which sounds shitty you have
to be really careful with that though
because like if you're pressuring a girl
to orgasm like it ends up like ruining
the experience a lot you know
yeah if there's a girl that like can
ever orgasm whenever it's very hard for
me I don't know I don't I don't enjoy
the experience as much do you like to
orgasm at the same time as the girl
um you can but it's I mean that's really
hard
well I mean I don't know I guess it just
depends it depends on the person are you
referring to clitoral or vaginal um I
think most girls that I've been with
seems to be able to get off from [ __ ]
that I don't every time you read online
people like only 2 percent of women can
orgasm from actual vaginal sex that
doesn't seem to be true but I might just
be like very over-represented in my
experience but I don't know I had a
gripper girl say my girlfriend swinging
because I said she would come every time
yeah I don't know like every girl is
like super different on that but I don't
I don't know if I'm buying that I always
hear that stat where people are like
only 10 percent of women can orgasm
through penetration I don't know if
that's true I feel like maybe a lot of
people suck at the build up to it or it
could be true I don't know it's really I
don't know I don't trust the stats but I
mean it's possible I mean like obviously
I don't have like thousands of women
that I [ __ ] for like a good sample
size but most men have no [ __ ] clue
how to foreplay I think that's true
which is really weird to me I've been
with a lot of girls that will say like
I've been oh girls it'll say like Oh
like I really don't like getting hit
because like I don't know I just don't
get off on it at all and then like you
do like a few things like oh wow this is
actually really amazing and it's like
wow like how [ __ ] horrible is the
average guy giving him if like this is
like blowing your mind I don't know it
seems really weird to me
or the girls you've been with a fake
vaginal orgasm um I mean it's possible
that like one-night stands kind of fake
orgasms you can never tell if a girl
wants to fake an orgasm and it's a
one-night stand you you can't tell for a
long-term relationship is there people
that you've had sex with multiple times
you should be able to tell if they're
faking it or not especially because like
a lot of girls like you can feel it
inside of them usually before girl
orgasms you'll feel like that little
like that kind of like clinching feeling
inside or maybe they could fake that I
guess but I don't know it feels
different than kegels to me but I mean I
don't know I guess it depends on every
person but also like really really
important you should never pressure
somebody to orgasm like I would never
state that with a girl like by the way
like your like date staring I'm like
dead in the eye like if you don't
[ __ ] orgasm I'm gonna have a
miserable [ __ ] experience so don't
[ __ ] with me right like you should never
ever ever do that because if somebody
feels like the pressure to orgasm it's
gonna ruin the experience that's another
weird thing like I hear a lot of people
say like oh like if you're going down on
a girl and you're doing something feels
good don't stop until she comes and like
okay but that's not always true because
like if somebody can tell that you're
trying to get them off and they're like
kind of there but not there yet that
pressure for them to orgasm can mount
like hardcore and can cause some like
severe like orgasm anxiety and it'll
never [ __ ] happen and then they'll
feel bad and then you'll feel bad and
chances are whatever you're doing is
rubbing them so hard that they're gonna
be too sensitive to do anything further
and like yeah don't do that [ __ ] that
happened to me when I lost my virginity
and the girl cried the [ __ ] have you
been with the girls are into
exhibitionism yeah my ex-wife was I
hated it but I couldn't say no like once
I if she touch me a couple times I'd be
like oh [ __ ] it here we are I guess like
my dude showing up to play so let's go
but I would always have like super
stressed out like [ __ ] one time I
remember that the in the basement of the
church that her mom used to go to we did
it when they were having a like a
ceremony or whatever oh my [ __ ] god
oh this is like one of the most
nerve-wracking situation of my entire
[ __ ] life because I'm pretty sure if
anyone would have caught us they would
have told her parents on her dad would
have literally [ __ ] shark on me in
the face holy [ __ ]
all right my [ __ ] is boarding somewhere
have you tried using the magic once
again listen if you ever want to do some
crazy I should get the [ __ ] Itachi
magic wand and then put like a [ __ ]
towel over it and go to town with that
[ __ ] that [ __ ] is [ __ ] insane holy
[ __ ] okay I'll leave you guys it's been
fun I'll probably stream for like 4
hours on SFO because I'm gonna be there
for like five or six hours so riperino
cappuccino cappuccino opportune time
opportunity no cappuccino opportunity no
mages
[Music]
