my duderinos how we doing today guys
okay am I gonna sent you along on this
when varus betrayed when varus betrayed
Danny what Daenerys what what did he
actually do I must uh I just maybe I
wasn't paying attention right in the
beginning I must have missed it what did
he actually do the letter revealing the
truth oh I didn't get to read the letter
right at the beginning what did the
letter say in the very beginning he was
writing letters in support of John okay
I didn't I didn't read the text of the
letter it said the true heir to the Iron
Throne got [ __ ] okay I'm not gonna lie
I thought that this episode was like
above and beyond easily
the best episode in the series from
seasons 5 6 7 and 8 at about the 45
minute mark I thought it was but I feel
like this episode is weird as it is in a
big fight episode I feel like it dragged
hard I don't like I can only watch
somebody running down the streets so
many times before
like I stopped caring like I understand
like yes girl little children and women
are being killed I under it's real bad
the first few times they showed it I
thought it was like really really well
done like showing the dragon blowing was
sitting up but that [ __ ] dragged so
[ __ ] hard
[Music]
I don't know what the fuck'd of the
horse was supposed to be for at all okay
which parts do we go through burro the
Lannister people throwing other swords
and everything was okay I'm trying not
to talk too much about like I'm trying
not to consider power levels too much
but like a lot of stuff like just
doesn't I'm trying to look at it too
closely but man a lot of stuff doesn't
really make sense so I guess like I
guess like the Dragons got [ __ ] really
hard by the things one time but then
they just stopped mattering I guess like
the scorpions didn't matter anymore
like what what changed like did the
dragon like level up did he go grind
like some maps like [ __ ] off-screen
and gained like 20 levels or some [ __ ]
or Cersei lost faster than SKT lost to
IG peple ah also can you unban me my
dude I am just a lad they bought boots
too
[Music]
the first time the Dragon was caught off
guard I thought that the UM the spoilers
for this episode actually made it sound
more interesting because I think the
spoilers for this episode said that the
way that she was gonna use her dragon to
win was she was gonna come from very
very very high above and the dive-bomb
like she was gonna come from about
hawaii which i think is how Aegon or
somebody like conquered the realm like a
thousand years ago with his dragons or
some [ __ ] I thought that's what um she
kind of did no no no no she didn't know
why are people okay well let me go back
and watch I'm pretty sure she's like in
range of getting shot like a ton but
let's let me go watch instead of arguing
with [ __ ] wait hold on I'm scrolling up
you're all getting banned everybody that
just said that that's exactly what she
did is getting banned if you're wrong I
mean she kind of does on the first
attack but they can still shoot at her
like there's what was the point like no
so it's not because of any die Pontiacs
it's just this time for some reason she
was able to dodge all the arrows and
last time she didn't like there are tons
of times this episode where they shoot
at her yeah she does it one time and
then she spent the rest of time like
flying through the air but for some
reason this time she can dodge all of
them but last time she couldn't I don't
know why I don't know what changed yeah
no no yeah tons of people are shooting
at her yeah no no no yeah [ __ ] oh you're
lucky I'm in a good mood i should ban
all of you know you can see like tons of
arrows shooting at her hold on make sure
my high def has turned up as much as
possible no yeah you're 100 trillion
percent wrong everybody that said it
should [ __ ] cringe at themselves no
everybody's shooting Ana but for some
reason this time everybody's missing
there's no real explanation given I
don't know why but yeah with Dany spare
the chowder's who were wrong I love that
it's a constant volley with a dozen
ships but a handful at a time then the
whole fleet Plus all of them in the
walls yeah she dies on the first one
that flies around like okay yeah so but
whatever I
it's whenever dragons so that was one
that happened the second big power
differential that happened that didn't
really make sense it's like there is no
world where there's no world where Jamie
should even have a chance of defeating
your on in one-on-one combat ever it
shouldn't even be close like it should
literally be like not even remotely
close your I should like kill him with
ease like you're like as he would like a
normal foot soldier I'm pretty sure yeah
yeah oh I'm surprised I guess there was
still Dothraki left I don't understand
that Jamie couldn't kill one Dornishmen
how could he kill you're on yeah I don't
know people remember this but um Jamie
had a lot of trouble when that when they
first landed on that island Jamie had a
lot of trouble with a single Dornish
soldier wait [ __ ] I'm this actually
maybe doesn't include it oh god the sand
snakes he trained off-screen I could be
totally miss remembering this but I'm
pretty certain that at one point Jamie
is going to relearn swordsmanship from
Bronn but then he gives up cuz he
realizes he's never gonna be a good
fighter again and he just stops training
I'm pretty sure that happened but yeah
Jamie has like a lot of trouble this
fight I don't even know if he wins
one-on-one
he might maybe I don't know Euron only
had a knife so I mean like I guess they
don't talk about it much in the show
although they hint at it but urine is
supposed to be like literally one of
like the most legendary [ __ ] warriors
like of all time like you're on is
supposed to be like such a huge badass
you never really stayed in the show
because he's just like a wacky pirate
lol but like like you're on should be
able to kill Jamie with like his bare
hands like Jamie should have a sword and
then you're on could kill him with his
bare
hands
let's see
what else just say powerlevel as a
descriptor klieg and ball um what's
interests I said this at the beginning
maybe people thought I was memeing but
like the third the first like 40 minutes
of this episode was actually so good the
conversation between like Tyrion and
Jaime was really good everything having
to do with like Varys and Tyrion I think
every terian scene I think every single
Tyrion seen in this episode was really
really really good was really well done
the beginning of the battle and the
dragon bursting through the wall as me
me as that is if you can put aside the
means all of that was really good
everything the golden company and the
Lannisters falling apart but you kind of
got like a SAN old Game of Thrones
callback where you didn't really know
who the good guys are the bad guys were
anymore
there were a couple of small shops that
were really well done one of them I
think was when I don't know if it's Jon
Snow when he looks to the side and he
sees like a Tyrion soldier like
beckoning for like a civilian to come
running towards them or whatever because
[ __ ] is so [ __ ] there were a couple
scenes that were really well done but
then but man it dragged hard holy [ __ ]
it drags so hard I can only watch
somebody running through not to wait did
I say Tyrion soldier a Lannister soldier
I'm pretty sure they were Lannister
soldiers right they were wearing like
red or whatever those were like the
Lannister soldiers I think yeah they
weren't yeah the red cape guard I think
those are specifically Lannister men
right
[Music]
why did grey worm just randomly decide
to commit war crimes I guess they're mad
about his Sunday being killed or
whatever so they're going like full
[ __ ] memes
why did the bells trigger Danny so much
I don't think it was the bells a trigger
I think that she's already past
triggered I think she's ready to just
burn the whole city anyway I think she
was already committed to that before the
fight even started
Danny no no Danny Cersei and Jaime scene
was really nice I thought that was
really well done when they were talking
to each other in the crypts or whatever
that was okay um no it wasn't really I
don't know I thought it was cute they
loved each other
I mean Jaime's character is kind of
completely [ __ ] destroyed and so
she's character was no but I thought the
scene between them was nice yeah I mean
them their deaths are kind of random
well the scene in and of itself was fine
but they [ __ ] this right yeah I'm
trying to look at the episode in
isolation because like taking as part of
like the whole series is pretty dumb
Danny went way too crazy way too fast
there was enough build-up yeah I don't
know if killing or Sunday it was like
enough to like actually make her
literally [ __ ] murdered thousands or
tens of thousands of civilians like
instantly that seems like pretty crazy I
will say man I wish her dragon this
fight did as much as um did as much as
her dragon did as did more I'm sorry
I wish that they would have done as much
during the fight against the night king
as they did here Jesus Christ
like the single dragon that single
dragon burned like [ __ ] half the
[ __ ] city but in like the fight north
of the wall the two dragons did [ __ ] all
dude like holy [ __ ] what did you think
of the green bombs that were planted in
the houses I think Cersei had plans I
mean I like that too there were a lot of
small things of a sub super nice the one
Aria seeing the woman who was like
bleeding against the wall and then
walking forward and then the husband
being like hey where's my wife and then
off-screen you can tell that he just
found her the what the [ __ ] the what was
I just gonna say oh the the the Wildfire
exploding in the houses I'm pretty sure
that Cersei had a plan to blow [ __ ] up
to like [ __ ] everything that's what I'm
guessing unless I missed something maybe
[Music]
there's still stuff from the Mad King
spread all over the city oh maybe maybe
it was just wildfire stash as I guess
maybe could be from the original Mad
King I think it makes more sense of
Danny or not Danny associate was
planning on something but maybe um how
did are you gets a lot yeah REO is kind
of like a waste of I don't know what the
[ __ ] she's doing I don't know what the
[ __ ] are you was doing 99% of the time
yeah Danny probably should have been
well they kind of know people were
saying they didn't develop Danny's
madness at all but she kind of was right
didn't she like execute people that
weren't loyal to her when she was taking
like she killed like Sam's family right
why did Varys decide to betray in the
most overt way possible I'm trying to
have to look too closely but Varys is a
character that is never going to be
caught by somebody as stupid as Daenerys
that should never happen
darris are I'm sorry Varys has served
under leadership that is far more
cunning and wise then [ __ ] Danny will
ever be in her entire [ __ ] life I do
not know how Varys could ever get caught
by um by Danny he was caught by Tyrion
even Tyrion I mean like unless I guess
unless he literally said unless see I
have a hard time believing this then did
tyrion literally go to dinner to say hey
Daenerys just letting you go they're
just letting you know I don't think
Varys likes you much is that literally
what Tyrion did how our time believing
that I mean I guess if that's what
happened then that makes sense but
[Music]
he literally snitched but why he
literally said we have a traitor who
Varys yeah but like I get I guess I
don't I don't know like the way that I
when I read that scene the way that I
read it was Varys had gotten caught not
that Tyrion was the first one bringing
it to her attention am I just wrong
there I just don't know why I just don't
know why Tyrion would turn in Varys like
that Tyrion said to Varys it was me oh
maybe I just I just don't know why
Tyrion would turn him in no no he even
later told him it was me meaning it was
him no no I understand that Danny
doesn't already know but I thought that
like other soldiers had caught varies or
something is it varies not very sorry I
thought that um I thought that he would
have been caught by somebody else and he
was reporting it to her destiny I
interpreted the scene the same as you
yeah I don't know I don't like the idea
of like Tyrion turning in varies like
that just seems so shitty I think Tyrion
believed that Danny would be merciful no
no way he couldn't possibly believe that
I don't know did Tyrion really become
that [ __ ] stupid terian turned him in
because he's loyal to Danny since she
hadn't done anything bad prior to this
episode but she has her entire judgment
is severely compromised she marched the
army south before they were arrested she
burned alive all those families I'm
tearing has got into tons of conflict
with her trying to encourage her not to
[ __ ] burn entire [ __ ] cities and
[ __ ] like I don't know what do you mean
how
have you not been paying attention
Tyrion is all has been dumb as [ __ ] for
the last two seasons yeah cuz he got
like poisoned by Danny's shitty plot
maybe how did Jamie get caught when
Tyrion asked how he raised up his little
metal hand was I supposed to mean I
think I just got spotted like somebody
saw his metal hand is like that's Jamie
I don't know that was like real dumb I
don't understand how somebody how Jamie
gets caught it seems pretty [ __ ]
stupid
[Music]
do you think what the houn did was
stupid no I mean this was always how
like the hounds ark was kind of going to
end although it I don't know I wasn't
really satisfied this is kind of like
I'm I'm being really nitpicky here I'm
being I'm gonna be nitpicky because I
thought that the episode was like really
well directed for the most part but I
don't understand what happened
generally in TV shows you have a very
low expectation for like choreography
right we can't all have the whatever
brothers doing like Captain America we
can't expect to see like that level of
like choreography in every single
episode I was actually so I usually have
for a TV for television I usually have
like really low expectations for fight
scenes but um most of the fight scenes
in Game of Thrones um I don't know maybe
I'm wrong let me watch her I'm like a
minute
I felt like the choreography and the
directing was like a little bit more
compelling like man there was one fight
scene [ __ ] what was it in this episode
where there were so many cuts holy [ __ ]
I got like really confused it was like
insane oh it was Jamie versus you're on
yeah these cuts are a lot more jarring
without sound that is true I don't know
I felt like for the most part like this
was clear and then obviously this like
this actually really upsets me this is
like hands down like easily like
especially when you have a world that's
renowned for like the fighters in the
world like you should be doing your
fight scenes should look like really
cool this is like the only fight scene
in this fight scene in Game of Thrones
is actually like so much better it feels
like Naruto when they bring in like
another animator for the episode you
know like wow this is like a trillion
times better than the normal Besson
that's what this fight scene felt like I
don't understand how this fight scene
was like so much better than everything
else like in the entire show
like I'm really surprised that we didn't
get to see yeah there's like a like a
Kakashi verse Obito moment or whatever
[ __ ] this character was so [ __ ] cool
I was actually hoping when who took the
spirit oh like look at this guy like
this guy is super cool oh I don't really
want to show the episode because I don't
know how get [ __ ] because it's just
release but like watching like grey worm
use a spear was so boring like he just
like like this was like grey worms like
fights like this is how great room
fights like that was like I was like why
like you can't like animate I'm doing
anything cool like even in these you see
him like baiting hits and [ __ ] like with
his little spear like I don't know [ __ ]
Oberyn oberyn's fighting was so much
cooler and like he looked like you know
like Oberyn is supposed to be arguably
like top three strongest fighters like
in all of [ __ ] Westeros like when he
comes over here maybe the strongest
fighter actually I think you could
actually make arguments that Oberyn was
probably the most skilled fighter
on the continent like in its show isn't
it looks like it he looks really cool
like when he is fighting and like um
yeah I don't know and like watching like
gray room is like really [ __ ] boring
grey room is fighting gross a bunch of
people well even our you looked cooler
yeah I don't know second - Arya at this
point in the show no Arya was nobody or
ru is [ __ ] nothing in the show at
this point all of your fighting power
level stuff is headcanon I don't think
so I'm pretty sure it's pretty well
accepted isn't the mountain at this
point supposed to be considered the one
of the if not the strongest fighter in
the entire land isn't the mountain like
pretty much on that level what most
people consider that like there's like
this is the richest and most powerful
fight fighter or I'm sorry most powerful
family doing a trial by combat I mean I
think it's reasonable to make sense to
understand that like the mountain in
one-on-one combat is going to be the
best fighter and all that they can
afford right why would they choose
anybody different at least in a
one-on-one fight so I would like he has
to be like top three right let's see the
mountain Jaime Oberyn Barristan and
Loras are the tougher one who is Loras
again is he doesn't he lose is this the
guy that um loses on horseback in the
beginning of the show or is this like a
[ __ ] dude I don't remember this guy talk
god I don't the flower night he loses to
Brienne oh he beats the moan oh no he
does be the money because the mountain
chops his horse's head off remember I
don't know I do you ever see him fight
or do you ever are you ever given I
probably shouldn't put look up images
for Game of Thrones are you really
supposed to think that he's like super
duper strong I know he'd be the mountain
jousting but who the [ __ ] cares about
jousting [ __ ] that he's a good jouster
you [ __ ] that
he lost to Brienne yeah so that would ya
Brianna's probably also like one of the
top five like fighter people like in all
of the show like maybe top three I'm
pretty sure Breanna is supposed to be
like up there maybe not compared to like
people at their Peaks right like Ned and
Robert I don't know if you would count
these two are supposed to be like really
really good as well or Jamie yeah I
don't know if Ned was supposed to be
really strong or not I'm B I'm pretty
sure he's supposed to be a good fight
I'm pretty sure Ned has to be a decent
fighter because Jamie is supposed to be
a really good fighter and Jamie and Ned
like hold their own or Ned holds his own
against Jamie I thought so he's like
pretty good he's like far far far far
far above average like he's like hero
unit status easily
and the show yes but in the books never
having at all
imagine Barristan Selmy not having his
skills portrayed yeah um Oh anyway I
don't know a thing about power levels
all-time yeah anyway I thought that like
I thought that this episode was like I
thought I had like a lot of really good
[ __ ] I thought look at the first 45
minutes was like really good I felt like
there were way too many shots of the
city being destroyed and way too many
shots of like are you like running
through the city that [ __ ] got so
[ __ ] old I don't know why they did
that
Iran's character seems pointless the way
that he died seems stupid I don't know
why he's ever losing to Jamie in
one-on-one combat I guess it's the meme
that everybody got to staff like three
times now and still like Jamie had a
long way to walk to get to that keep but
he still managed to do it after getting
like stabbed in [ __ ] I guess like
Jamie and Cersei dying in the basement
it seems kind of anticlimactic I don't
like the off-screen deaths it seems kind
of weird
various his death was pretty cool
various death was pretty cool I thought
that was okay
it was so random that you're on washes
up right in front of Jamie yeah that was
kind of like memes random Arya and the
hound parting ways was cute man I don't
know why I'm just I'm really not
satisfied with the hounds fight with the
mountain I don't know why I just didn't
like it I didn't not even just the
choreography but just like I feel like I
don't know just felt really unsatisfying
I don't know varies had the only
satisfying death in the episode yeah
maybe
I thought the mountain burning the Hound
again and him going harder after that
would have been better yeah I really
expected something related to fire to
play in their final fight I'm really
surprised that that didn't happen it
felt like it felt like almost like that
had to be especially with all the time
the hound spent with um [ __ ] his name of
the fire guy someone his Chettle say it
berrak yeah especially like all the time
with that like I don't like I almost
expected them after fighting for a while
for the fight to be almost even like in
it
this actually oh [ __ ] that's actually
been a really good scene to something
involving because it's very clear that
the mountain is still the mountain he's
not some like zombie Knight he is the
mountain because he recognizes Clegane
not Clegane he recognizes sandal what's
his name you're like really say his name
the hound
he recognizes him that's why he like
ignores the orders and he kills Sandor
Oh and he kills like cwiebe or whatever
Queen burn cleaver he like [ __ ] just
kills him instantly I that guy I guess
lol is like [ __ ] dead like whatever
but um when he so like he's still very
clearly to mountain I'm pretty sure the
Hound
he got his scar by his brother shoving
his face into like a fire right like
that was that was where his scars or
like his [ __ ] up like fire face
whatever came from I thought it would
have been like I thought it would have
been like really cool narrative Lee to
have at some point like the mountain
pull like his sword from like something
on fire from like the embers of like a
dragon fire or some [ __ ] and for a sword
to be on fire and then for the mountain
to think like Oh like you know this is
what you're [ __ ] scared of cuz you're
the hound and you're always got a fire
but then you spent so much time around
berrak and everybody that it's like not
a big deal anymore because like then
that would at least kind of show like oh
you know evolved character arc all that
[ __ ] what did you think of cui burns
death I don't know it was [ __ ] stupid
as [ __ ] that makes no sense but sure it
makes perfect sense you [ __ ] [ __ ]
let me explain it to you okay usually as
part of the journey of somebody evolving
as a character you have some piece of
thing that either scares you or makes it
impossible feud over come it you travel
to another area
become able to overcome it and then Yuri
confront that fear recontextualize in
another format and then you overcome in
that's why it makes sense okay this is a
[ __ ] English 101 you [ __ ] [ __ ] it
makes perfect sense I don't know how
this scene exactly would look I don't
[ __ ] write scenes on a [ __ ]
director but like your ons last lines
were cringe as [ __ ] yeah maybe let me a
game of thrones isn't an anime you
[ __ ] f slur this is an anime this is
like English storytelling I'm sorry this
comes from wait is this this might have
even been from the Greeks I don't know
maybe you only know of anime I mean I
sucked at school and even I know that
these types of stories have been told
for far longer than your shitty Chinese
cartoons have been [ __ ] animated you
[ __ ] it would be even better if the
Hound killed the mountain with fire yeah
I'm just I'm really surprised that fire
had absolutely nothing to do with that
fight at all it just seemed like it was
such an important part of both of those
characters lives like the Hound being
scared of fire for so long and then
dealing with a guy that literally has a
[ __ ] flame wielding sword and then
the mountain using fire to like
dramatize the Hound and [ __ ] it was part
of them for so long they didn't die to
fire I don't know why you [ __ ] morons
keep saying that they didn't die to fire
they died because they jumped off a
[ __ ] mountain they were gonna die
whether there was fire there or not it
had nothing to do with both with both of
their deaths but um yeah I'm really
surprised if I wasn't incorporated of
some way into their final fight
especially with how they were around
fire yeah for sure
dandy said their death was fair I don't
give a [ __ ] what dandy said was he he
knocked him out of the tower and they
both fell like several stories they were
clearly dead from the fall it doesn't
matter if they die if they were there
could have been [ __ ] water there and
they should have died like yeah dude the
dude that didn't die from a knife to the
head was totally gonna die from falling
destiny what what is the point of saying
this so you're like oh destiny he had a
knife in his head of course a 30-story
fall wouldn't kill him but a little bit
of fire definitely would what is your
what is your argument what if if a guy
doesn't die to a knife to a head and
then you've got to choose one other way
to kill him one is my putting him in
fire or two is by throwing him off a
30-story [ __ ] tower which one do you
think would kill him like well he didn't
die nights ahead
let's try setting on fire wall [ __ ] off
what do you think about the Dothraki
sack in King's Landing I don't even know
like how the Dothraki fit into this
terrible I was surprised when I saw him
running I was like what the [ __ ]
Dothraki are still alive I thought they
all died but I guess maybe they were
they had like this Dothraki reserves the
reserve chorus I'm [ __ ] yeah I don't
know it could be that he's basically a
knight Walker I don't know I thought
that Cleburne was gonna have like some
more stuff going on this show I thought
that he had like his whole plotline
going on I thought that when I first saw
the zombie knight in like a seer in
season 5 I think or maybe it was at the
end of season 4 I thought that there was
gonna be I thought that he was gonna
have like some side the queef guy who
was gonna have some side story with like
um with with like turning people into
zombies or doing some weird medicine or
I don't know I thought something was
gonna happen but I guess like I guess
nothing came of his entire plot line and
then the mountain being turned into a
zombie was like a one-off meme that no
one ever talks about for the rest of
anything
we've burn was actually really
interesting he was definitely smartest
one of the smartest characters on the
show really I don't think it was that
smart at all he didn't do much of
anything he was just um Circe's little
[ __ ] I mean maybe we smarter like the
weird medicine [ __ ] he did did he build
the ballistas I mean I guess he was like
I don't know why he would have the
knowledge to do that but I guess maybe
sure do you like how two of the smartest
characters in the shortcut deaths
Baelish and varies yeah it's kind of he
outsmarted Tyrion and Varys and
Littlefinger did he did queef burn out
smart Littlefinger I thought that they I
thought that their paths never crossed I
could be wrong I'd have to go back and
look and then I don't know when he
outsmarted Tyrion where it wasn't
hearing already on the way out too and
also and very I don't think you're right
I don't think he ever outsmarts any of
them I could be wrong I just don't
remember but I don't remember that at
all queef burns stole varies Network
wasn't that after various had already
been chased out of the city though like
he didn't did he really just steal it
from him without yeah he's yeah he
[ __ ] the pycelle dude up pretty hard
even late definitely was part of that
guy but I don't think pie style was
particularly intelligent either he was
like above-average intelligence but not
like Littlefinger level or anything why
did she decide to burn the city because
she's the mad [ __ ] Queen dude how did
the how Dan are you just walking to
King's Landing being seen especially
after they close the gates
well no I guess they just walked in
before the gates were closed and I guess
nobody recognized them and somehow they
just walked into the main building I
don't know how far cuz why cuz memes
yeah are you not using like any of her
faceless abilities is kind of weird I
expected to see Arya fight or kill
soldiers or something I'm actually
really surprised that um I'm actually
really surprised that are you I thought
that all you was gonna be killing
northern soldiers when she came out I
actually half expected that
but I don't know I mean I guess she
killed us to civilians Oh what do you
think John is going to do with Danny
next episode um I mean it's I can
speculate but I mean I've already read
so many spoilers I mean I'm wanted to
say anything but I mean like it's pretty
clear based on what's going on this
episode that John is obviously very
uncomfortable with what Danny's doing
right he kept calling the retreat he
tried multiple times to call people back
I thought those things were really well
done every scene with John in it I
thought was really well done to [ __ ]
some of the scenes in this episode were
really good 45 minutes in I was really
excited because I actually thought
because like I might takes on everything
I was so depressing now and people think
I'm just like mad at Game of Thrones but
like 45 minutes into this episode I was
actually really excited like this is
actually you know if I'll ignore like
some of the dumb dragon [ __ ] or whatever
but this was actually like a really
really good episode and I think this is
easily gonna be the best episode from
the past four seasons but then man a
past like hour just dragged [ __ ] hard
man [ __ ] why did Danny not just fly to
Cersei and kill her instead of killing
all the civilians
I don't know cuz monsters like never do
that excepting like I think Final
Fantasy 7 is like the only thing where
that's ever happened the weapon comes
out of the ocean
and then it just takes one shot at
Midgar at the city and literally fires
like a single like volley and it could
like blow up a bunch of random [ __ ] or
hit like the plates or kill civilians
but instead it just decides to Cal Rufus
I always wonder for like Star Trek and
stuff - why don't they ever just shoot
the bridge but I don't know this is
stupid
do you think I would do something with
bran um
listen man there's a lot of spoilers
okay I don't want to say anything bad
riding aasaiya I think some of them is
often overlooked when people talk about
the episodes of the atmosphere it has
been pretty great the season the city
scenes with the music envision 4th
episode me feel like I needed to cover
my mouth or else I would choke yeah I
would I would've hear that it's very
clear that there were high budget
episodes why was the Golden Army only
like 50 people I don't even know the
Golden Army was hyped so much like yeah
Taran and Jamie scene was nice but ok do
you think that Cersei got what she
deserved no not at all I would argue
that of all the things she's done Cersei
actually her death was actually like
really really nice it was like almost
like a hero's death kind of they cut it
away I mean like she kind of failed and
lost her city but who cares but she got
to like spend like her final moments
with like the only person left on the
planet that loves her and then they got
to hug and then die like I guess like a
relatively quick and painless death like
it seems like Cersei got like the nicest
possible outcome compared to like
anything that could have happened to her
I don't think Cersei is dead
Cersei and Jaime are 100% dead for sure
very survived he was a trigger Arian I
love you guys has been fun rubber in a
cappuccino Papageno opportune time
opportunity jeopardy no cappuccino epic
you know fun guys
[Music]
