you keep the same calorie intake it's
probably gone down just because I'm not
snacking at night that's my guess
yep yeah what a mind how you doin bud
thanks for having me on my wonderful did
yeah that was a quite a thing last time
yeah hold on wait listen is your mic
turned down er no actually they said
that two on dance chat you might have to
turn me up for some reason gadget 207
it's pretty quiet really oh you know
maybe it is actually turn down hang on
one second yeah let me see okay how
about that
oh yeah that's a little better hold on
all right you know if I called on one
second donation how many pounds do you
lose a week
what kind of meals do you eat I can't
eat big meals in and six to eight hour
window so I just die of unicorn and do a
low calorie diet instead there just do
it works for you man [ __ ] all right what
do you say all right oh no what's up how
you doing buddy yeah we're still I'm
good man I had a I had a bit of trouble
with our last discussion which is to be
expected yeah yeah well when you bring
on an expert to fight at a field I
didn't even want to fight him in the
first place okay firstly you pretty much
repeated most what I said secondly I got
like three be one for the entire earlier
conversation to be fair I yeah but I
don't spend 10 hours on stream every day
debating people professionally so when I
get blown the [ __ ] out in front of 4,000
people it could be a little bit
difficult you know you're right no
you're right you're right I mean I'm
used to it yeah yeah so here's the deal
you ever watched Dragon Ball super no
but I've seen all Dragon Ball Z all
right do you know Frieza yeah yeah you
know about Foreman our yeah Frieza never
trained he was just powerful enough to
go through with it and just deal with it
and so I've trained for the first time
my dude
and now I'm golden Frieza okay so I hope
Aaron packed your lunch because we're
going to school Oh No yeah this shit's
gonna be real today my man okay it's
just a conversation there's not to be
too crazy all right no it's gonna be a
real conversation just chatting okay
holy [ __ ] man I did probably like maybe
like six or eight hours of research on
this of research that's scary yeah it
seemed like it was mostly like internal
questions that needed to be solved no
[Music]
okay yeah I think I think one part of it
is I think there's two parts really I
think there's the issue of the moral
inconsistency that we covered the last
time but I also have a bigger issue with
you personally on your platform on you
know I really had to think through here
we go and I I think okay so where do you
want to start let's go let's get right
to the meet the bigger issue with me and
my platform okay cool
let's do that first all right I need you
to I need to confirm a couple of things
first before like I'm really sure that I
want to go down that route right cuz I'm
not actually sure you might believe
these things are not okay okay so as far
as your moral framework and the the way
that you look at the world do you
incorporate myth belief and emotion into
those things at all it depends on the
argument but not I guess I'll answer no
okay do you acknowledge their importance
in driving any human behavior yeah of
course in what way
I mean people whether or not you make
decisions using emotions you have to
live with and interact with people that
make decisions using emotions
yeah but but in a purely in a framework
outside of deductive reasoning do you
believe that myth belief and emotion can
serve and drive human behavior
positively in a thanks coming and a
framework outside of deductive reasoning
can they drive human behavior positively
so yeah so let me expand so I currently
the way that I see your the ability that
you make the way that you make decisions
and the way that you come to conclusions
is largely through scientific method
hypothesis and deductive reasoning right
like you think it would be called pathos
as opposed to ethos or something yeah
yeah right so so what I'm trying to
figure out is if that's the only vehicle
that you value and making informed
decisions in life
yes yeah okay that's what I thought okay
cool good stuff all right
okay so I am going to try to make a case
why belief emotion and myth are
necessary and drive human behavior in
ways that are equal to deductive
reasoning and scientific method okay
okay and then and then my personal
belief on this is that I'm perfectly
okay with people reaching conclusions
about wife from mythology belief and
emotion and I think there's a lot of
examples of how this serves us okay okay
and the outcome that I would like you to
reach is that you acknowledged the
importance of these things in your
framework because I think that the way
that you approach this personally is
fine if you didn't have a platform of
thousands of people that I think are
listening to you and taking the wrong
thing away from it so so like I think
that the the people that you know I
think that a lot of your audience
doesn't think through the moral
positions that you have like you have
thought through them and they might come
to conclusions such as like I should
unload a clip of ar-15 ammo and some I
into cats because I think there's no
there's no strong moral reason why I
shouldn't or like I should take 10.5
grams of shrooms
that's like obviously the the
objectively highest team experience
right these are really dangerous things
I think we have to be really careful
about but but in thinking about them
I've realized the only way to really
deal with this and talk about this with
you is on the same level the II deal
with things which is like academic
reading with research okay sure
the other I don't want to like [ __ ]
like explosion well every one of those
people that like takes on like 99% of
the conversation so there anything about
that I don't disagree anything you've
said so far huh okay cool all right
to be okay just to preface this okay
with the yeah careful warning okay are
you ready oh yeah I'm totally ready I
spent a lot of time thinking about these
things so be just be ready for that okay
so don't don't be upset or frustrated
and we're gonna be having a super chill
conversation alright I'm counting on it
okay all right yeah the only time I'll
really get frustrated is if there's a
third party and I've already I've
already asked Dan not to be here and
because the logical fallacies [ __ ] up my
argument and and I know you'd like so
this is this is a straight good
old-fashioned conversation between
friends okay all right here we go
so what's alright so we're gonna stick
to we can get to the other memes later
but we're gonna stick to this like this
this idea that emotion belief and myth
have an importance in driving human
behavior okay here is the here's what
I've come up with for this all right I'm
gonna I'm gonna go through a series of
step by step like agreements and we'll
just see if we like disagree on any of
them and then like we'll address them
each in turn is that okay yeah actually
fine okay so would you say number one
that human beings have the power to
explain ideas or sorry to have ideas and
experiences that we can't explain
rationally No okay so what's let's start
let's start there can you explain your
egodeath rationally yes how
psilocybin supposedly emulates serotonin
in the brain and then when you take a
[ __ ] ton of serotonin it is possible for
you to have conscious experiences that
are nothing like what you would normally
experience on a day to day life how you
experienced those things is gonna defer
from person to person it's probably
gonna have to be related to things that
you've experienced personal life and
then just whatever other crazy sense
isn't [ __ ] your brain sends you while
you're like overloaded on these
serotonin emulating chemicals okay
that's how I would explain it I guess
thing okay are you able can you
rationally explain the experience of
like hot or cold to people before
because you've said no I can't
communicate a conscious experience again
now not being able to communicate it is
different than not being able to explain
I would say but yes maybe rationalize
consciousness itself I can explain what
I think it is but to fundamentally
explain the nature of consciousness no
I'm not able to explain that I don't
believe in a we're back to the axiom
that human beings do have the power to
experience things that they cannot
explain rationally as you just said that
you can't explain let me let me let me
be very very clear here so okay so the
exactly there's one word here that's
real important so human beings are
capable of experiencing something that
they cannot rationally explain I would
agree with that statement human beings
are capable of experiencing something
that cannot be rationally explained I
would disagree with that statement do
you see the difference no sorry okay you
Evert so human beings are capable of
experiencing things that they themselves
cannot rationally explain right yep okay
I understand human beings can experience
things that have no rational explanation
I don't agree with that does that make
sense or do I need to elaborate on 16
okay so it is possible I'm sure so it's
possible that humans can can experience
something that they just don't have the
ability to explain due to lack of
knowledge lack of insight like a
scientific progress whatever however I
do not believe that things exist that do
not have a material explanation so for
instance you might you might experience
a certain thing like anxiety or
depression or a crazy shroom trip
however if we had the sufficient
technology to explore these things to
tear open a brain
look at every single neuron there would
be a rational materialistic explanation
for all of these phenomenon okay that's
fine yeah just because I can't explain
something or humans can't explain
something doesn't mean there is no
explanation for that thing that's not
like a rational materials thing would be
my belief okay yep okay that's totally
fine the only thing I'm trying to the
only thing I'm setting up is that that
human beings do have the ability to
experience and have ideas of things we
cannot explain rationally to each other
correct that we cannot that we can't
experience yeah it doesn't mean there is
no explanation okay cool yep then I
agree that yep okay cool so would you
agree that one of these irrational
experiences is imagination
aka we can think of something that is
not immediately present right but what
it's initially conceived it has no
objective existence wait I'm sorry could
you say that again yeah let me just say
it again sorry let me I got a listen
recovery yeah so one of the irrational
experiences that we can have is our
imagination
aka we can think of something that is
not immediately present uh-huh and when
it's initially conceived there's no
objective existence that's what
imagination is right there there's no
objective existence and some if you
imagine something like if I imagine a
design for a new house right okay at the
current moment in time in my imagination
that has no objective existence it
doesn't exist anywhere okay so I just
because I'm to make sure that I'm
carrying a base for where you're going
I would I would agree that the object
that you're imagining doesn't exist but
that that actual existence of that
object in your mind could be traced back
to some neuron firing somewhere in your
brain that's fine but it doesn't have
any objective existence in reality
well that neuron exists in reality but
to think the thing that you are
imagining doesn't exist so the house
doesn't exist anywhere but that there is
a specific neuron in your brain or a
group of series of neurons that are
connected that can explain that thought
maybe it right but but yeah well I
wouldn't say maybe I would say you would
say it would be
yeah okay okay so would you would you
then say that that thing has an
objective existence as soon as it's
conceived the only the only I'm trying
to be over here is when you say thing
that pronoun we just make sure referring
to some things weird yeah so when you
say that thing exists
the thought exists as a neuron or a
series of neurons in your brain yes that
thing that you were envisioning in your
imagination that particular thing
doesn't exist okay so what part of it
does exist so right now if I close my
eyes and I imagine a giant purple boat
that giant purple boat that I'm
imagining doesn't exist however if you
probed my brain you could find the exact
neurons firing that were responsible for
the thought of that giant purple boat
existing yep okay that's fine yeah or
even or even more comparable I don't
like using computers to as an analogies
human brains because they function quite
differently but like on my hard drive I
might have a picture of a massive giant
boat that now the boat itself doesn't
exist but the picture does this would be
a notice to the neurons right yeah okay
okay but so that so to go back there I
agree with you there and but you would
you would agree that one of these sort
of experiences these irrational
experiences and in the first axiom that
I set up was is imagination right an
imagination is something that when it
initially conceived it doesn't have any
kind of objective existence in our
physical reality
okay sure we're on the same page and I'm
just going to say I agree with you and
then if it goes somewhere where I
wouldn't have a greater than all okay
yeah I'm pretty sure I agree with what
you're saying right now right okay yeah
III I'm not I'm not playing nothing by
the way nothing at the end of this isn't
like a jack-in-the-box that comes out
and punches you right like oh yeah I
just wanted to make yeah I just wanna
make sure that we are if we're building
arguments from their foundation we have
to agree exactly what we're talking
exactly otherwise what you're gonna
happen is you're gonna bring up things
where you've like well here Steve and
I've exposed to contradiction and then
it's gonna feel like I'm weaseling out
of everything I'm like oh well no no I
didn't mean that well no I didn't mean
that right I don't want you to feel that
way that's not trying to be rock solid
yeah okay I'm exactly the same for good
okay all right
okay so we're there here is a big one so
I'm gonna make I think I think in this
point I'm gonna make a statement okay I
would say that imagination is the
faculty that creates mythology and
religion would you agree with that I'm a
little uncomfortable but sure well it
makes sense right because like the what
do you mean by imagination
okay so again the ability to create
thoughts ideas and things that are not
immediately present but have no
objective existence right but but can be
conceived on a mental level so the idea
of religion to mythology like you
obviously don't believe that
Christianity is real right you don't
think you always a real dude
that'sthat's hanging out in the sky
somewhere right so that's a surely these
things must have been the product of our
own minds or our imaginations correct
yeah there's probably no problem with
that correct let me say for a moment
here I don't believe in like genuine
like inspiration that comes from nothing
that that all of these things that have
been inspired art probably due to
external stimuli that we kind of mix and
match in our minds or whatever just to
preface that disagree that because
depending where we're going that might
be an important point to discuss so
you're saying that all the product all
conclusions that are reached in the mind
are from like external experience or
from like previous correct like I don't
believe there is any such thing as a
genuinely unique human thought that
everything is a combination of external
stimuli that lead you to thinking
whatever it is you think yeah I think
that's a I know the answer is I don't
know but I think is like a super fair
place like I haven't a problem with it
but I think it's to stand on yeah okay
and okay so so and then just to confirm
like as we discussed before right so the
scientific method deductive reasoning or
or pathos is you call actually don't
know what that definition is but just
going with it like this has a far
stronger means of uh uh helping us reach
conclude or Alize the only means for us
to reach conclusions that are productive
for human society correct and religion
and mythology have no real no real use
there we said that before just like I
mean well so let me be very clear here
you can use religion and mythology and
all that [ __ ] to come to good
conclusions I just think that pathos in
general what will always get you there
in a better way with less baggage would
be what I would say guys that's
different from what you said before
which is that which is that religion and
mythology and belief in emotion have no
objective good well so it would depend
on where you caught me so like let me be
very very clear okay and I have said
this multiple times in the past when I
do things ever now right so like I can
acknowledge that religion can give us
some valuable or good things for
instance you know a lot of churches are
involved in charity and in food banks
and stuff like that but what I would
argue is that we could get these goods
using pathos and we don't need the the
ethos or whatever instead but but
churches can provide some material good
say for instance somebody says that um
the the son is the son is the devil and
anytime you expose yourself to the son
the devil enters your body right that if
you were to tell a society of primitive
people this may be they avoid the Sun
when it's at its like highest point and
they don't get sunburned and they don't
get skin cancer and die or something so
that were like an example of like an
ethos that gives us a good result that I
think pathos could have gotten us there
as well but he throws got us there also
right yeah sorry okay okay so so your
position understood your position
because he didn't say that at the first
point I'm saying so your position now
your position has been sorry and I want
to like make you I don't want to treat
you like you like just change yeah so
your position is that scientific
reasoning is always stronger but but but
that there's some use of religion and
mythology sure and I'll be even and all
even find this to find him is more I
think that science and reasoning should
always be stronger yeah
I'll say that because obviously to some
people they're more likely to listen to
a story than they would to scientific
reasoning so in that case
maybe religion is stronger for them okay
my first my first objective was to get
you to say that and my second objective
is like to get them equal kind of I
guess as a matter of scale to get them
like equal coaster to each other in that
