oh yeah I can hear you what's up buddy
I'm the chumps - put it on your sub
really yeah I gathered that much well
with that I I gathered that much what's
up hey talk a little bit about you know
the Iran deal cuz I feel like you're a
little bit uneducated about the Iran
deal yeah sure what about what do you
think I'm uneducated about it well first
I want to say that of Obama or the or
John Kerry's save the Iranian regime but
the regime was on the words of collapse
economic clap okay and that deal another
point I want to make wait wait what is
that points supposed to mean where what
what are you bringing it up for what do
you mean are you implying that it would
be good if Iran were to collapse well
well I'm not a big fan of the Iranian
regime I'll tell you does and are you
under the impression that if it
collapses something better or more
preferential to America will replace it
or outcome yeah but do you think a
regime change is always going to be
beneficial to America in that recent
region of the world I mean I mean not
all countries but definitely Iran I mean
they're gone during a lot of terrorists
the Middle East so Saudi Arabia how is
regime change working right now for
Syria is that is that benefiting the
rest of the world do you think or I mean
no it's not and it's apples and apples
Syria is a state that is not Allegiant
to the United States we're supporting
regime change in Syria Iran is a state
that's not Allegiant to the United
States and now you want to support
regime change in Iran a regime that we
help kind of bill by the way but support
of regime change I want the people of
Iran
what they want for their government if
they want origination age we should
support them okay a lot of people in
Iran legitimately hate the US for good
reason though so I don't think you would
necessarily want them because we [ __ ]
with it because the whole Iranian
Revolution was furred on by it by us
support what do you mean there's it
because people literally chant death to
America in parts of Iran there are
people in Iran that really don't like
the US but good reason wait you think
that the only way you can hate the
United States is if you're a puppet you
don't think anybody in the Middle East
has a legitimate reason to hate the US
the majority of Iranians they might have
some kind of they might not trust the
American government but that's
irrelevant because they want a secular
government and Iran is a theocracy okay
where are the words that regime was on
the words of Kalev then Obama threw them
a like that deal yeah let's move on I
would consider this to be positive
generally States collapsing is not
usually in the interest of anybody in
the absence of any type of like central
power usually vacuums form and then a
lot of bad [ __ ] happens like terrorist
groups or more extremist regimes can
come in or mass migration if countries
get destroyed like in Syria like but but
but I mean I mean it was a good
possibility it's pretty rare that like a
state completely collapses and then
there's a very peaceful transition to a
more democratic government that just
also happens to be more allegiance to
the u.s. afterwards I mean like that's a
pretty exceptional like scenario that
you're fantasizing about there no oh I
ran right now what about Iran right now
I mean a little bit regards to what
specifically and the people are
demanding a new government why do you
think that is that's beneath what do you
think this is happening like right after
Trump
out of the Iran deal I don't know I
would have to go and look up
specifically what you're talking about
okay cuz I don't know what sources
you're using for this like Wow well
let's let's move let's move past this
and tell me tell me what else do you
hate about the Arend deal I guess I
thought that the deals could have some
well first of all I didn't like the part
where we unfroze the assets that was
owed to I mean not owed to them but it
would be it would be the previous
government money to be unfroze you know
about that right that's me yeah we
unfroze their assets is where a lot of
Republicans claim that we shipped them
millions of dollars or whatever 100
Mendell even though it was their money
yeah it was it's not the corn bridging
money oh sure but it was how do you know
into the state of Iran but but like what
the Iranian people the money is going
through again yeah it's gonna be really
hard to get me on board with criticizing
Iran for supporting terrorist
organizations when we're friendly with
all of the Gulf states like you're not
gonna get me on board with that um if
you want to be super critical about
about terrorism that's fine but then we
need to talk about why we support
countries like Saudi Arabia which is the
biggest like supporter of terrorism in
the Middle East when it comes to Sunni
[ __ ] right Isis or the civil war in
Yemen like I mean so you're it's really
hard to bring me on board with that I
don't want to do this because of
terrorism means it's gonna be really
hard to get me over there so like else
do you think was a bad deal well okay so
like let's focus on like the principal
part of the deal okay because I'll make
one quick point right yeah go for yeah
go for it I'm probably repeating myself
but Iran if you go I want you to look up
a interview with the Prince of Iran who
was exiled and when the regime fell he
said Iran even hit him he's an educated
man he's from Iran and he knows the
situation better than me and you was on
words of collapse and there were people
there were all
unawarded of a regime change okay but
you're making this the reason why this
is good for you is because you're making
the assumption that that receipt regime
change would turn out positively for the
United States you have no idea if that's
how it would actually happen yeah but
these assumptions have been made in the
past and they haven't worked out as well
as they but look at what happened in the
with the Arab Spring right that started
in Tunisia where regime change happen
incredibly positively but then when that
was repeated in other parts of the
Middle East
it didn't happen anywhere near as nicely
as it did in Tunisia I I just don't like
this assumption I feel like we're
playing because if you want to play up
your fantasy hypothetical then your
argument is totally right like we should
have let Iran collapse and then a really
super good democracy would have come in
that loves America and doesn't support
at least the bad terrorists in the
Middle East and I mean like if we're
playing in that fantasy world then sure
I can agree with you but you can't give
me any assurance that any regime change
in Iran would be positive for the region
or for the United States interests like
hello testing one two three okay I think
he's having connection troubles it feels
like um I can't really know for sure it
without talking to him more but it
sounds like he has like this oh he just
just kind of good [ __ ] I'm sure he'll
come back it feels like he has this idea
that like and I noticed a lot of
conservators have this idea that America
is like the global good guy that America
is very much like the good guy around
the world and that the more you let
people fight amongst themselves and the
good guys win people around the world
will all love America like I think
that's like a big conservative idea that
give people the ability to rebel against
the government and the next government
that comes will always be somebody that
loves America that's why I think I get
that feeling or I get that feeling
talking to this guy that might not be
what he feels like though
what active a gets under and I don't
like molten straight do you agree with
those that would label Trump and his
supporters as fascists I I think there
is I think you can fairly call Trump
fascists and the people that support a
lot of what he moves and a lot of the
directs that he moves I think you could
I think you can make good arguments for
him being a fascist kind of person this
kind of like goal decentralized power
this goal to attack the media and
silence critics this kind of like
ultra-nationalism that he pushes which
he very much does I think that if we
were to go and read if we were to like
read the definition of fascism I think
Trump has like moved in a direction that
matches a lot of that kind of rhetoric
pretty well how come no gameplay I can't
show gameplay on YouTube it's part of my
torch contract Trump's far right but
he's not fascist I don't even know if I
would agree that Trump is far-right
actually but I think you can make strong
arguments for fascism
fascism is the marriage of corporatism
in the state what I've never heard of
that before that might be true but I've
never heard of that though I'll just go
with a wiki definition fascism is a form
of radical authoritarian
ultra-nationalism characterized by
dictator dictatorial forests forcible
suppression of opposition and control of
Industry and Commerce which came to
prominence in early 20th century Europe
I guess control of Industry and Commerce
could be the marriage of corporatism in
the state is that fascists believe that
liberal democracies obsolete and they
regard the complete mobilisation of
society under its at allit aryan
one-party state is necessary to prepare
a nation for armed conflict to respond
effectively to economic difficulties
such as status led by a strong leader
such as a dictator and a martial
government composed to the members of
the governing fascist party to forge
national unity and maintain a stable and
orderly society fascism rejects
assertions that violence is
automatically negative in nature and
views political violence war and
imperialism as means that can achieve
natural rejuvenation fascists advocate a
mixed economy with the principal goal of
achieving autarky through protectionist
and interventionalist
economic policies I mean aiding Trump
matches up with most of us like pretty
well but
fascism is a socialist ideology isn't
from a governmental point of view isn't
socialism pretty decentralized like
differ because you have like different
different like worker owned not coops
but like different worker owned
coalition's like across the country and
[ __ ]
I don't think socialism is unified under
government is it I could be wrong on
that I need to take a good political
theory class social is another range of
economic social systems characterized by
social ownership a democratic control of
the means of production as well as the
political theories movements associated
with them socialism ownerships may refer
to public collective or cooperative
ownership or to citizens ownership of
equity there are many varieties of
socialism and there's no single
definition and capsulate in all of them
okay so maybe some form communism is
stateless uh yeah I know that communism
is stateless but socialism doesn't
necessarily have to be stateless sure
the debate guy is back okay all right
hey what up buddy wait can you hear me
hello I'm talking to you crypto you're
dragged and shot
whenever you talk about socialism it
seems like you almost talk about
communism yeah they're very close in my
mind the only socialism and communism is
that I think communism is the complete
absence of a state other than that I
wouldn't be able to give you concrete
differences between socialism and
communism oh also I don't think
socialism implies a government whereas
communism implies the absence of
government like I think technically
socialism can exist under democracy or
totalitarian dickship could it maybe I
don't know like socialism could exist
under a variety of government types I
think but communism implies no no
government like socialism I don't think
is a commentary on the government at all
but I could be wrong I'm not sure from a
political standpoint they are very
different yeah it's possible I just
don't know the difference between the
two would you classify Scandinavian
countries of socialist most of those are
still free-market mixed economies are
whatever aren't there mix markets Marx
never made a distinction between
socialism communism oh yeah well I'm not
reading Das Kapital [ __ ] that [ __ ]
communism implies central ownership
right while socialism is local citizen
ownership that sounds I didn't know
communism implied central ownership I
could be wrong on that but I would have
to I knew we one day we'll spend a we'll
spend a whole day reading that wiki okay
guys socialism I'm an economic policy
whereas communism with a political
philosophy yeah that's what I kind of
thought but
stop listening to these people they
don't know [ __ ] damn communism is quote
unquote enforced through revolution it's
an interesting that seems like a kind of
a biased way of looking at it I mean
capitalism isn't forced through state
violence so I'm you know I don't know it
seems kind of like you is kind of loaded
but crypto why am i muted I don't think
you're muted you're just your microphone
is not working buddy right click server
mute server no you're not muted at all I
got in contact with Marty Jo's manager
he said he'd check out your [ __ ] Wow
buddy
what do you mean is that communism
fascism revolutionary movements have
built heavily on this idea okay sure
everyone just talking about past
countries that like socialism can only
happen after a revolution maybe for
communism people need to seize the means
of production so at the end of the day
either peaceful or violent revolution is
required for to happen oh sure sure sure
to get from capitalism to communism with
socialism you don't think you could vote
your way there does it have to be by
force I don't know what capitalists ever
willingly give up their capital seems
like they probably wouldn't
[ __ ] I'm dude
there is no unified fascist plan you
sure about that
Jordon Peterson's talks about that
unified Marxist [ __ ] or whatever
Krypto your mics not working buddy maybe
try restarting discord
when you Diana Ness semester did miss
Herman Diana's SSF character as a young
donor myself I've been having a hard
time justifying owning gun due to the
current political climate I enjoy going
to the range and hunting but no matter
my reason for owning a gun I'm still
looked at as some crazy person who needs
guns to defend myself I also do not have
my CCL concealed carry license CCL we
call them CC W's in Nebraska uh yeah I
don't know dude it's really hard I mean
people might look at me as crazy because
I like guns their own guns whatever but
um yeah I mean it's a fair I don't know
I to be honest I so I assume people are
crazy when they say they own guns so so
I don't know dude maybe maybe I'm a big
hypocrite yeah I don't know most gun
owners are [ __ ] crazy I like I really
like guns a lot but like damn dude gun
owners are [ __ ] so stupid and they're
irresponsible schmuck in the US as well
like if there was like a thing if there
was some meme to get rid of all the guns
in the US not just ban them but actually
get rid of them so people couldn't still
use them illegally I would probably vote
YES on it as much as it would be kind of
sad or whatever to lose some thing
that's kind of recreational me I'd
probably vote YES on it like [ __ ]
people in the US are [ __ ] stupid and
they probably don't deserve guns there
was there's a good is it Jim Jefferies I
always say I always [ __ ] his name of tzm
Jefferies or Jeff Jefferies the
Australian dude has a pretty good skit
unlike gun ownership in the US
where do you draw the line
well guns like something that exists
only for recreation but what about Emma
hunter ninety-nine percent of the time
okay guns are generally for recreation
okay well even hunting is usually for
recreation well what about in the one
city where it's sometimes have you
killed the deer it keeps the
overpopulation
ninety-nine percent of the time guns and
gun related [ __ ] are for recreation
maybe we can make an exception for
people that actually hunt for
conservation reasons or some shed but
generally just for recreation so
something that exists it's only for
recreation that has a massive negative
detriment in the country in terms of
like killing people and [ __ ] is probably
not good although arguably does it even
have like a massive like detriment and
how many people have to die for this to
be like outlawed I'm not even actually
sure what the answer to that is
what about fans cards that's let's just
say fancy cars
how else I Second Amendment advocates
supposed to justify a hobby that gets
people killed they have to claim that
it's for self-defense or have it to have
a defensible position at all oh maybe I
think it got fixed I'm really hungry
okay so we got to wrap this [ __ ] up
what's up buddy can you talk now
hey I can hear you what's up okay so
yeah I was I was gonna make a point
about the Iranian people who they want
to move tower the more secular
government they no longer wants to be
governed by religious nut dough that run
the current government in Iran and I
think that they should have the right to
protest and do it have the right to a
regime thing okay I mean they already
have the right to protest and whatnot
don't they yeah they don't have the
right because Iran Iranian government
they like all right I'm sorry I'm sorry
I misspoke when I say right to protest
me like if they want to protest the
government or do like a revolution
whatever that's on them they can do that
right that's like up to them the US
doesn't necessarily have to back that
when the US signs with diesel that Rick
put more money into the wallet of the
the mullahs in Iran it's gonna be a lot
harder for the people to change the
government sure but our responsibility
right now isn't to the people in Iran
that's not who we're looking out for
with the Iran deal our responsibility is
trying to prevent Iran from that's a day
we have in the Middle East America has a
lot of you know a lot of aspects that is
being disrupted by the Iranian
government so it's not putting money in
their wallet it's bad for the Iranian
people that want fed to the government
and for America okay I don't want Iran
to have nuclear weapons that's my
number-one concern
Iran [ __ ] with us while we [ __ ] in
the Middle East is not something that I
care about
that I let's I mean I feel like we
should kind of move on to the meat of
this which is the nuclear weapon thing
it's gonna be again it's gonna be really
hard to get me on board with some type
of like terrorism interest in the Middle
East because I like all that [ __ ] is so
[ __ ] right now anyway and I don't
think we're very honest but we will want
to do there anyway so yeah I don't know
like what I'm just I just I'm not a big
fan and of the can hear me yeah I'm not
