des aam do you guys think that Din Tai
Fung would be open on um on New Year's
somebody visit that good it's broken I
actually really want to know that I
thought about it I really wanted oh my
god this food was so good is it
it's just dumpling I guess I've never
had like a great jumping yeah there's
dumplings filled with soo
it was super meat soup and meat how'd he
get soup inside a dumpling that's that's
why I'm saying dude do you like to get
place yeah
how close are you to the inn Singh Fung
place or there's a lot of our around
it's like a chain yeah yeah Wendy's yeah
oh and these nuts go across your face
Steve see you Steve I'll see you
livestream fails brother stay fresher
like in 19 easy money there's a guy by
me have you learned the wonders of post
fate post mates it's like a play so
it'll go pick up food and bring it to
your house oh no I don't like paying
like $50 to fight it's not it how much I
don't know you're like don't really
double the cost of your food to do that
[ __ ] no
so for you can pay something like ten
dollars I think a month and then you get
free delivery and then all you have to
do is like tip them yeah you don't
technically have to tip but you're a
pretty big scumbag if you don't
Wow Cannes is nasty
Cannes is not good guys I don't know
white raisin okay
yeah it's okay but people like hype it
up so much that's cuz it's an 80
restaurant you're just it's none and
ain't you probably like [ __ ] 100 in
and out is not bad
it's like Burger King McDonald's here
definitely not easily it's it's Wendy's
here no yes no when it's like Burger
King then McDonald's and Wendy's and in
like it's a Nebraska internet better I
think it's better than McDonald's by at
least two tiers okay
it's like an it's like a head steer
place for the prices st oh my god dearly
for fast food for fellow Californians he
loves and I don't know why I don't go to
I don't live in California you were
raised here though yeah tell them that I
have a weird [ __ ] Californian
obsession with [ __ ] in and out
Chipotle's asked here the only note
would keep chip all of em being asked
here's its price I don't know I feel
like it's kind of pricey but I mean you
get a lot of food for seven bucks
oh they're really only seven I feel like
I always feel like $14 a meal when I
chicken I always get like double meeting
[ __ ] though so maybe oh yeah then it
to get pricing look at these two
Americans arguing which one of our
garbage chants is marginally better I
don't know what country you're from but
I guaran-fucking-tee you that whatever
[ __ ] country it's from you have a
way more of our restaurants in your
country than we do of yours and ours so
it's like a big voice guaranteed
guaranteed have you ever had White
Castle very bad zero I have had White
Castle so many times while drunk and
it's not bad while you're drunk but like
when you sober up you want to die no I
hated what Taco Bell's a tear fast food
no don't really get starts crisis is a
good variety and they're all very good
Taco Bell makes it to the beauty of this
you get like a 10 piece in like a double
quarter you guys wanna know some [ __ ]
that you guys miss that you guys will
never get again that was honestly the S
Plus this was one of the few s plus menu
items okay S Plus menu items that was
discontinued what Burger King foot
lettuce semi minis oh nice Burger King
City minis were literally the best like
[ __ ] fast-food thing are you dead
yeah literally the best fast-food never
had breakfast items this donation is for
mr. Mouton don't touch it destiny it is
for mr. mood on to it not yours
thank you cue it up it's all fresh baby
and before you deny I used to work there
I stay mad about ending out west coast
why you don't it's not a mystery who
uses frozen food or not I mean like
people work there you can't hide that I
don't I don't know why nobody acts like
it's a big deal I don't know if it
matters it's frozen but for me to
typically matters because once you
frozen beef and you and you thought you
can't you lose a lot of like the you
know like the juicy texture it's just
it's different eating like a frozen
burger versus I don't know if you can
really tell on a fast Donald Wendy's I
think you can tell
Five Guys is very overrated and very
expensive yeah five guys is definitely
like good but gosh ma'am is that vice
expensive this [ __ ] holy [ __ ] five guys
is a lot of calories per dollar yeah
that's what I'm looking for when I go to
a restaurant calories per dollar only
good thing about five guys you pay for a
small bag and they fill your entire box
okay is but it's French I don't really
care yeah five nice french fries aren't
good you and st jerk-off wendy is being
a tear fast food and I have a hard time
believing what you recommended I get
when I go there today and I get when I
go there today also you have had what a
burger it's a Texas thing yeah I've had
Whataburger alright see you do you get
in there now what do you recommend
Oh what do I recommend you get when you
go there um chicken nuggets and the
junior bacon cheeseburgers are probably
really good five guys guys five guys is
like b-tier because of the price if you
weigh in price and taste its beat here
if not seat here and then I was intended
have a professor at some of the best
burger but it's not the burgers are
super standard fast-food burgers Wendy's
burgers are better and the McDonald's
and Burger King are comparable oh yeah I
wouldn't even say that's fast there's
always no well because there's like a
trillion don't [ __ ] California's there
that's [ __ ] obsessed with it yeah the
last time I went I had to wait like an
hour no that's a wait I'm sorry that's
why I probably read it about like 15
minutes though and I couldn't even sit
down like [ __ ] eighth I'm a nomad I
have no land so I can make fun of
everybody new country yeah my gotta be
able to [ __ ] on Americans these
California taxes Mar yeah oh yeah can
you shut on chick-fil-a next trick
particularly is very very overrated
chick-fil-a is I think you and I know
the best thing in chick-fil-a is there's
only one correct answer here they're
[ __ ] french fries I don't like their
necks at all people no they're not
they're not getting good they're soggy
you learn voiced there's like no
breading yeah no they're not good
Wendy's are okay but I think McDonald's
is the breading on them is so good we're
out of the fryer and with their buffalo
sauce mcdonald point is better sauce
but yeah McDonald's Nuggets I'm Ben
Wendy's buffalo sauce is like nasty and
I don't I don't
yeah I'm it's gonna go I like the honey
mustard and I would honestly put them
below Domino's
yeah I think Domino's is like pretty
yeah it's okay
McDonald's fries are overrated do people
rate them highly McDonald's fries yeah
all right I'm highly fresh McDonald's
fries are actually so [ __ ] good holy
[ __ ] I usually ask for no salt so I can
get like the fresh ones you can get like
a quarter pounder and like a 10-piece
chicken nugget for five bucks it's like
the best deal in the world right now get
you guys McDonald's boys that one nugget
in came a lot of employees let them
touch their hands when putting them into
the holder things they touch coins and
pick up wait what when you touch french
fries you take him out of the fryer you
pour man the [ __ ] thing and then use
a little scooper and you skew today you
never pick them up with your [ __ ]
hand what are you talking about why
would you do this and usually the people
who touch the money are never ever
cooking that's pretty rare I think you
usually have somebody on the money ship
uh nevermind people don't work at
fast-food places they don't know Oh 15
pounds purely from leaving my McDonald's
job yeah when you're working at
fast-food you sucking to eat
not good
I prefer actual meat and burger I mean
it's not the chemical [ __ ] that in the
comments what it's Kemp McDonald will
appear chicken man and breaded what do
you mean is chicken breast
the French fries are usually the dirt
chemicals are they mixing okay no no
this is it this is yes and living ages
and a leavening agent Erica better and
that make us really unique oh man Amy
first of all it smells so good in here
it does so they've been through the
fryer here the plant closed you can see
really partial says I'm here in the
plant I think we just we do that to set
the tempura batter oh sure that's right
so that's just to get this texture and
then they cook them when they get to the
lock in the juiciness in the flavor and
then they'll be back in box and on their
way to the restaurant we can go see Gina
in the yeah she's gonna come up right
now can we be mad if I call you have had
it I think not getting a long long time
um tomorrow I'll finally start streaming
normal [ __ ] again okay cuz I'll finally
be through the holidays and I've got
internet in all that [ __ ] okay all right
I love you guys it's been fun we're in a
cappuccino cappuccino cappuccino machine
odep turtle cappuccino optional optional
my dudes
[Music]
