all right what do you got buddy what
does it um so what first off I guess I'd
like to thank you for like pulling me
out to the reaction water setting that's
pretty cool like you've drawn Pierson
radius and that kind of [ __ ] like I
appreciate that [ __ ] I guess well thanks
buddy yeah so I like spoken before like
the multi-value in the human being like
I was the guy that maybe the premise of
50 year old man versus the baby in a
burning building right okay yeah so like
am I like went a little deeper into it I
debated some other people like here at
some other story so I like to like go
through the premise again that's fine
okay so there's la there's this guy his
father he's 50 your father is in the
building
and he's newborn trial of the moon
building like which one would you say um
the newborn child versus the old father
or whatever yeah yeah probably visiting
a born child I guess so like what would
be a reasoning because they have more
potential Life to Live yeah sure so like
don't you think that the the life the 50
on that already has is more valuable
than the life that the baby potentially
could have um well he's already lived
that life it's not a value left in it
mmm I don't know like 50 years is not
close to death right not necessarily no
well like this is my point
I'd say that the baby easier isn't it
replaceable as a newborn child it is
incapable of making social connections
at all it doesn't even have a character
to it like the babies can like even make
eye contact when they're like 2 months
old right so I'd say that I'd much
prefer and philemon society that would
like save me instead of a reason
replaceable child right okay what if he
were 10 years old and you had to choose
between a 10 year old in like a 70 year
old person
well the 10 year old already made
connections and then your potential wife
could apply because you guys like
maracas ketamine right but we're talking
about the newborn child that isn't even
capable physically having social
connections okay let's say you have a 50
year old person and a one-year-old child
and you're doing a heart transplant
you've got a heart and you could give it
to one of these people you'd give it to
the 50 year old person instead of a
child well no because we just establish
these babies like I'm pretty sure like
six months they're capable of like
recognizing with their parents all right
okay so then for three months
mental kid versus like a fifty year old
person assuming both people oh no yeah
yeah sure you give it to zero
yeah sure okay yeah you said something
like because he lived his life isn't it
you think it's like morally wrong for
the 50 year old person to decline like
heart transplant surgery to the to the
kid I mean I'd argue it's better on the
kid I mean I'd expect the 50 year old to
want the heart though but yeah but do
you think it's like morally wrong I
don't really look anything like morally
wrong things I don't know what it is but
I mean like I guess if I did then yeah I
mean I would say that yeah the heart
should go to the kid instead of be
morally wrong to take the heart for
yourself sure yeah so like again I kept
like ass like they prefer to live in a
society well let's say you're in a
burning building your 50th let's go a
little bit personal here right okay
you're in the burning building or 50
there was a nice newborn kid it doesn't
make him any character to it they didn't
capable making social connections he was
prefer for the kid to be saved well I
wouldn't know but I mean if I was the
kid I'd prefer for the kid to be saved
yeah well I mean sure but the kid isn't
even like capable of like wanting to be
saying right it doesn't like really even
know it's alive okay I mean okay I am
sorry wait I guess at what age does that
start
I'm pretty sure I'm not sure like when
they gain like consciousness per se I'm
pretty sure at six months they're
incapable of making social connections
that's as far as I went because I don't
like really need that consciousness to
my arguments right but when they're
newborn I don't like their they're like
for sure aren't even like capable of
knowing they're alive right okay I guess
so do you think you should be able to
just kill like all children up till like
6 months old
really I mean kill them well like let's
say yeah like a three month old kid and
you're like [ __ ] this shake should you
be able to toss in the trash or whatever
since it's not capable of knowing it
wants to be alive or whatever um kill no
probably but like putting it off for
like adoption without give me why not
killing it what the [ __ ] it doesn't know
yeah well it's like if the parent wants
to kill them is this what you're asking
yeah if the parent wants to kill me like
[ __ ] this [ __ ] oh it's on and dump it
well I'd say you feel like some sort of
responsibility as a parent right why
they can't even know it's alive what
does it matter
like in this case short I'd say it's
like permissible no no okay like why
they disagree per se let's say whether
you disagree with that well I mean I
don't think I I think that killing
something that I think there's some
obligation to protect life probably that
is not like at a means to where it can
protect itself yet I would say okay like
the thing that all human beings
available inherently um I think I would
have to yeah because I value my life and
I would have to say that all life should
be valued because there's no reason for
me to value any other like over my own
necessarily what do you mean by that
so like I think that my life is valuable
and worth protecting because obviously I
am me and I want other people to be
invested in that concept of protecting
my life so it seems like I would have to
extend it protection to them so all life
should probably be worthy of protection
if I think mine is okay so like you said
you are you right and this is what your
life is worth protecting yeah the kid
isn't anything right I mean the kid is
the kid no the kid isn't kid the kid
isn't capable of forgiving all
characteristics of making social
connections remember yeah I guess he's
not but I mean I guess I was that at one
point in time now well you were like and
if you died right there and then like
you would I don't know like you wouldn't
like really feel anything yeah but I
mean you could say the same about
killing somebody or asleep no like
honest to god like well honest to god if
you were to kill him I sleep how the
[ __ ] would I know
like I'm not experiencing anything in
that particular point in time it would
be a different when you're awake like
you will assume when you fell asleep
when you were like falling asleep you
will assume nobody will kill you right
you like that
like I don't yeah but it doesn't but at
that point like killing somebody in
their sleep is literally like to that
individual like means absolutely nothing
and your sleep you're not contemplating
or experiencing death you're not
suffering or having any pain you just
died and you would never wake up again
it's whatever and be the same is like a
child never waking up into like a
conscious experience I guess if they're
not currently how many one that's enough
like you yeah sure like in that sense I
guess but the child even like if it's
asleep or it's a we could like it can
kill a conscience thoughts right well it
will eventually right it will eventually
yeah sure
but like right now it doesn't in Everson
area right here so I would just save the
child that gets like no conceivable like
conscious for the time being over a man
it already has one because
I'm just not buying the premise that
like just because it's not currently
experiencing something right now that
makes it not worthy of a protection of
life I guess it's just not what I yeah
but you like anyone existence why the
Pathet yeah you are anything like this
man's existence basically aren't you
I'm not ante this man's existence I
guess I'm just more interested in
furthering it existence it's gonna be
like 10 times longer than a 50 year-old
person right like I think the length is
born think here why do I think length is
much because that's part of how we value
life is like how much longer so he has
to live okay let's say that I had to
give a heart and I had to choose between
an 80 year old person and an 8 year old
person would you ever choose the 80 year
old person with a circumstance or
something that both of them are gonna
live to be 85 years old like in this
particular scenario no but why don't you
the 80 year old is like much [ __ ] a
different than a 50 year old okay let's
say a 50 year old versus a 5 year old
and both of them are gonna live to 70
and you had to give yeah sure then I'd
like my choice and like right well let's
say there are all else equal they're
both relatively healthy people the boat
we know they'll both live to seven years
old one is 50 and one is five would you
give the heart to the you give the heart
fifty-fifty you wouldn't care who would
go to you'd have known this is not
enough details for me but for know what
else what are the details what you need
know like what is the 50-year old men do
today they're both equal they both want
to grow up to be doctors they both want
to make a positive contribution to
society they both want to have two
children they both want to have one wife
like everything in their lives will be
exactly equal the 50-year old man wants
to be a doctor he is he would already be
a doctor mmm so like in this perfect
scenario the five-year-old will
basically be a carbon copy exactly yeah
I'm just trying to isolate the variable
of age would you say [ __ ] I don't care
who would get it I it's just a toss-up
50/50 or would you prefer the younger
person because they have some our life
to live I guess in this scenario I would
pick the the five-year-old sure there's
a carbon copy this way why what do you
mean why why would you pick a
five-year-old because like the the
five-year-old like has social
connections right now it's capable
making social connections the 5000 will
probably have more social connections
also don't say capable of making social
connections because now you're talking
about future potential which you already
said we're not allowed to talk about
hmm sure like I can see why a weather
like the length of the on the life is a
is a major part here I guess for you for
me it's like not really that much B well
then why would you choose a
five-year-old over the 50 Harold if it's
not that right now oh yeah sure I like
thinking about it now I don't think I
would like it's an e2 reaction like for
the most part right I don't know like
let's say it was me in this situation
right now I or one subscribe yeah we're
like never like method ed right so let's
say it's my friend I have to like pick
with my friend my newborn child I can
like already make it like a new newborn
child right it's like easily replaceable
thing it doesn't have a conscious okay
no no no this is not how this is not
true this no or I'm making them true I'm
okay I'm I'm making an assumption here
but my guess is as a parent my guess is
gonna be that most parents that have
newborn children aren't gonna say like
oh well I'm gonna choose the life of
someone else over my newborn child cuz I
could just have another kid most parents
it's illogical do you think that's
logical no but you're the one that was
just making the emotional appeal if I
had to choose between my friend or like
a kid I can just make another kid you
were the one that was this emotional
what this is pretty logical
I can't recreate a friend I can recreate
a kid that has like no characteristics
the time being I mean you can't recreate
the kid that you're like about to lose
what do you mean like the kid doesn't
kill anything right the kid is like a
what say like a like when it's a it's an
empty blank slates right it's a blank
canvas right like yeah it doesn't like
anything
I feel like Mouse your parents don't
view their children this way like why
would it mean spell it's very logical
okay sense okay well I mean I don't
necessarily disagree I just don't I
don't understand what the point of this
argument is bring it back yeah like the
point of the argument is like what do we
value in the human right because like
it's kind of absurd to say that we value
life
I mean someone when we basically would
feel and you like is the social
connections of that like the character
of the person when you said me I am I
like you didn't say I'm a human being
therefore I'm valuable right or did you
say that actually well no I don't think
that humans have an intrinsic value for
life sure I would
sure so like so we don't disagree that
the kid
in this in this scenario doesn't care
like human character easy to value as a
society right uh-huh
so in this scenario the man already has
them but the potential of the child
having them like what we should that
outweigh it I guess wait at last thing
on what I'm saying
so like the man already has things we
find valuable right okay the kid doesn't
really we can recreate that kid like
instantly right so like I believe the
dad can right so like why would we value
something that potentially can't happen
over something that's happening like
right now in terms of like what we find
variables I mean like everything has
gotten so arbitrary at this point that I
don't know how I'm not sure because like
you you kind of like chosen to value
like the fact that this Garrity house
kind of goes what if my value is like
watching or what if something that I was
like watching somebody go through school
and like play high school sports and
then get into college and everything and
you're like already 40 or 50 years old
you and that's like a big part of what I
value in a person well now you've
already like exhausted most of your
value like you've lived that life and it
doesn't matter anymore and now you can
be like discarded and then we can bring
in somebody younger and newer I mean if
you find it valuable then you have like
a different different I guess the reason
to pick the kid over well he's a human
he's intrinsically valuable right we
I've never appealed to like any
intrinsic value though right I don't
think that humans have intrinsic I'm
like maybe you may spoke or something
when I'm pretty sure instead we like
hold some intrinsic value to human
beings in a sense that I am i oh no I
hold intrinsically to myself that's it
like as a person well yeah sure yeah
let's say that
so I guess my next question would be
like the thing that all humans are like
equally viable only thing that some
people are more valuable than others
right value with respect to what mmm-hmm
like I don't know like human
accomplishments right like what they do
what they do for this aside oh no of
course not some people are more valuable
in regards to what they producer do for
society sure so don't think like let's
say a brain that person will be equal to
the kid in this scenario no but I would
consider like a brain dead person be a
dead person so then to consider them
valuable versus I know a brain dead
person I would consider like a cadaver
like it's somebody that's dead like it's
a body yeah sure I can I can agree that
[ __ ] so like I guess we've just
established that human beings like have
no intrinsic quality right oh yeah I've
never stood at that alright I don't know
yeah and the baby has like no well you
know its own right it only has the
potential to be valuable maybe what
under that definition I would say that
that's true about all people all right
that nobody has intrinsic value it's all
about like what we choose to value or
whatever yeah sure so I guess I'd like
to like pulling your favorite debate I
don't know if you're like getting the
hang of what it would be right what I
guess like why do you uh why are you
morally against abortion in the scenario
after all these like premises where yes
so the thing is that like so like I
value my life
and then I would want to be in a society
where all life is valued because I feel
like in order for my life to be valued I
would have to UM why we have to protect
our life so therefore I value our life
right it's kind of like that like a
social contract ma'am can you like
repeat that for me because I'm I don't
know like it kind of sounds to me that
you like basically said that human being
sentient race equality again I need to
pull a kirby this [ __ ] to me human
beings had intrinsic value my argument
would sound like this human beings
should be valued because human life has
intrinsic value a full-stop I don't need
to justify yeah okay right so my
repeated point is that like so there are
things that I demand for myself right
like I want food I want respect I want
my autonomy to be valued etc etc if I
want other people to value these things
I think the best way to do that is with
a trade of sorts so I basically make an
agreement I will appreciate these things
or value these things about you as long
as you do the same for me and then we
can all form kind of like larger
agreements related to this and then one
of these agreements it revolves around
like protection of life so like for
instance if I'm 65 or 70 I don't want to
be killed because I'm either
inconvenient or or not valuable to other
people in society like I would still
like my life to be protected I don't
want it to be forfeit just because I
don't have value at this particular
point in time
sure but the engine is saying that you
like to live in society where people
would save the 50 year-old man in the
building which is the baby sure so how
is this different for like some mom some
mom like this I think well like I don't
like when this [ __ ] kid
ally right and just
Horsham underscore Kira is now a clear
one suppose you see the end of the mom
in this scenario wait say that again
so like you'd like to live in society
uh-huh where people value of the man who
saves the the 5000 men instead of the
baby right well no no where I where I
guess like life in general is like that
the most amount of life is protected I
guess what do you mean by that
where you're like protecting like the
most amount of life like like we're life
it's got let's like a veil of ignorance
or whatever wait were you're designing
outcomes that are suitable for like the
most amount of people I guess it's kind
of weird because you said you'd save the
baby but you want to live in a society
or like most people would say to that
well like I want to live in a society
where I am always like this is kind of
like weird because it's kind of like
saying like it's kind of like saying I
would want to be so I would want to be
protected at all points in my life right
we understand that sure okay but I need
to design a society that like protects
me in the most ways possible so like
being protected and in parts of my life
where I'm like highly vulnerable or
whatever is probably like an important
thing but like if you have to make a
choice between like me or like or like
somebody different I mean I feel like I
either have a higher likelihood of being
like like somebody that's molnar but at
some point I don't know I guess it's
kind of hard to work within the
framework of that one analogy but like
the question kind of feels like you say
for instance you want to design a
society that's good you know the best
for you well then why wouldn't you
design a society where everyone is
forced to give you all their money like
wouldn't that make the most sense but
like not really because I don't think
that would like necessarily function so
like if I if I was in a society where
like somebody that was like twice my age
could be saved over me I mean I don't
think I would like that like in one and
in one side you want me to put me in the
place of the old man but I could just as
easily be in the place of the baby or
somebody different right
like right now I'm 30 if somebody
attitudes been saving me as a 30 year
old versus somebody else's an 80 year
old like I mean while I would want me to
be saved I've got a higher likelihood of
being like the younger person for at
least half my life right yeah sure but
like you as a 30 year old person like I
would save you right because you have
like social connections here liable to
society right what damn what if I dinner
what if here did you mean me and like
somebody were like not very many friends
or are I somebody with more friends I
guess since I don't have em any like
close friends real life like driveless
value in society or whatever I don't
think like your are we talking about
like your personally right now sure yeah
I don't think your value comes from your
friends dude like you can switch teaming
like I thank you
for pulling me on reactionary waters I
don't think like your value is intrinsic
like having friends like being nice to
your family members right yeah the
stupid [ __ ] [ __ ] on my hand oh my god
sorry go ahead
what's yeah yeah I said like I don't
think your your personal value comes
through a friend like it comes from your
dreams on your clear thoughts like your
yeah I guess your uh contributions this
is that like not a jerk you off right
but I mean okay sure so then does that
mean that like my life is more valuable
than like the life of like a plumber
yeah
okay how many plumbers is my life worth
I don't know there's like this is like
don't you think it's uh it's kind of an
interesting question because you I think
you agree that not all people have the
same value like well yeah but I don't
know if I necessarily like value life
based on like the value of a person's
like career like how would I even begin
to COO to measure society okay
okay like Francis who has who has more
value so let's let's take let's be like
let's drink jerk me off for really hard
and we'll try to do it so let's say that
let's say that I like can actually turn
away like hundreds of people away from
like the alt-right who has more value me
or say somebody that practices medicine
for only three or four years and maybe
saves the lives or maybe like 10 or 20
people right I know but I'm pretty sure
this will be like pretty [ __ ]
subjective like this thing right sure I
don't think you can like make an
objective thing out of it yeah you can
like everyone from the old fright thing
oh well let's take and turn like 300
people away from the alt-right or you
take like a doctor that can save the
lives of like ten people like who has
like more value that just seems like
impossible to measure mm well I'm pretty
sure like the lives of ten people would
have to be taking a consideration here
I'm [ __ ] know that like this
particular scenario I'm not sure but I
can think of like between like you and
the plumber was this the original
premise like I'm pretty sure it I know I
don't think it's like to I guess we're
to agree that you can like more better
than aplomb what if the plumber has what
are the plumber is eight children
doesn't [ __ ] matter who also all
these children are gonna be [ __ ] of
their dad dies that doesn't matter I
don't think that we [ __ ] like I know
like we discussed the age of the kid
right like I don't know he has like a
20 year old kids they're gonna be fun
because their dad lied okay but yeah you
said that the career doesn't matter
right in our position like as soon as I
laid out the main premise you asked like
what does the 50 year old man do
something that's kind of like weird
right
okay I'm not like trying to make a
gotcha here okay sure
yeah like I can't but you say okay dude
like what I when I say okay I'm like I'm
acknowledging what you're saying and I
waiting for you I don't want to quiet
did you like sutured position standing
here what no I don't think so did I what
did I switch well at first like you know
nothing this conversation but in
previous one when I just called in like
randomly you as soon as I laid out the
main premise you said what is the 50
year-old man do right but right now when
you when I mean we're talking about like
what you value in a human being you said
like the career I don't think the career
matter is necessary oh no no I'm sorry
I'm asking you to push you on just find
your hypotheticals I don't think you can
value life like well what does a person
do versus what does another person do
that's what I'm trying to show is that
it's really [ __ ] hard to make that
determination yes sure I don't think it
should be like a matter of profession
right and I think it shouldn't be matter
of impact like what do you how do we
impact is that it so like let's say me
I'm like a [ __ ] shitload I'm like
first year in psychology right like my
potential for like like like to change
the world right or I look good for
society is like I know like pretty
[ __ ] low in the like the major sense
so like Vietnam pink I'm like more
valuable than a plumber rely on [ __ ] you
know that like you know it's a I think
if I can interesting conversation to
have like especially to see like what
people find valuable right so when I ask
this question like most people go for
the kid and I'm pretty sure this is like
a knee-jerk reaction I think like
morality should be like knee-jerk in
like sure yeah sure
so like I'm pretty sure like rationally
you would choose the father can you
agree in this no I don't think so I
think like the amount of life left to
live is like important yeah but like I
don't know like like you I I don't see
how this is not me how this isn't an
argument for like well all old people
show the [ __ ] Dhoni their [ __ ]
organs to little kids so they can live
ice well so like on something so for
instance like organ things I think those
should be mandatory I do agree with that
like for instance like if you're when
you go to sign up for driver's license I
don't think you should be able to opt
out or donate your organs
that's that's like a smaller thing with
some other stream um
I mean I could see an argument being
made for that and the right Society like
everybody would have to donate a kidney
the difference though is like that's an
extreme violation of like individual
autonomy so I would have to think more
about that because the surgery is really
invasive there are like risks that you
could be [ __ ] like dead or some [ __ ]
or that you could have a kidney problem
in the future like I'm not sure but I
mean like yeah like in a society where
like if you there was like a lottery
like say we fixed like a lot of the
other more base or problems in society
but if you could save like a lot of
wives by having like mandatory like
people like donating like blood or maybe
like donating kidneys or something then
yeah sure maybe yeah yeah but when you
said like that's kind of attacking the
anatomy and see how like I'm in front of
this fifty year old man right and I'm
like saving this [ __ ] kid but has no
know characteristics they're like no
social connections how is this like not
attacking case and that to me like I'm a
[ __ ] man I exist like this [ __ ]
kid isn't even like it doesn't look like
even though it's its existing right
[ __ ] now and you're saving this kid
like over me I like like you know like I
exist and I know exist but you're like
picking this like let's let's basically
call it an animal right because it's
like you kids like human values if yes
but like well that's it okay you know
what to make you know what the problem
is okay the problem is that like here's
the [ __ ] meme dude is it like all of
this [ __ ] is all just [ __ ] [ __ ]
and so I don't if I can have a good
answer for you okay here's the [ __ ]
argument I'm giving you is that at one
point in time I was a [ __ ] kid and I
wouldn't have wanted to been killed I
guess cuz I'm alive now and I don't want
to be killed and you say well that's
[ __ ] because you're alive now and
now you don't want to be killed the kid
doesn't know the difference but like in
a way you're kind of right you kind of
make a good point in that way in another
way if I kill you right [ __ ] now you
don't [ __ ] know the difference if
you're dead you're [ __ ] dead so that
doesn't matter either right if I kill
you right the [ __ ] now it doesn't matter
anything nothing literally matters to
you like you have no say if I wait you
go to sleep and I kill you you don't
even know the difference nothing [ __ ]
matter so you because you're dead and
your existence ends as well right so
like at the end of the day like this is
all some arbitrary subjective [ __ ]
because we can't evaluate anything from
a point of non-existence anyway right
we're we're basically trying to engage
in a law of excluded middle here we're
trying to simultaneously have and not
have a property at the same time which
is our existence so like can I
contemplate being a child and not
existing when I don't even exist at that
point in time because he's saying
somebody without a conscious mind
basically doesn't like doesn't
understand their existence and no I
can't so like can I really understand
what is like for a child to be killed
maybe it means nothing I mean sure and
Lisa doesn't mean anything but if you
have a person that exists right now and
then they're killed well that person
can't evaluate what we're like whether
or not that was [ __ ] or not because that
person's dead as well it's like I don't
I don't have like I can't solve like
[ __ ] existence I don't know like what
the right answer is you don't see my
point
me killing a person who already exists
now it's not the same thing as me
killing like a 2-month like I don't
think it's necessarily the same I just
don't I'm not comfortable for society
saying the precedent where things can be
killed that I used to be because it's
inconvenient for some people that's just
not a precedent I'm comfortable setting
that's like more or less like my my line
of thought there correct well I don't
want it to happen yeah okay
okay I love you okay thank you thank you
I guess we're encouraged me to like
stand up to my professors there they're
pretty [ __ ] bad like I could be the
Venango here is it is it fine like we
want to hear it I'm not gonna how about
buddy go for it sure knock yourself out
means go for it yeah it's a Midwestern
expression yes sure so basically I have
this like a psychology professor she's
like pretty famous in Serbia right
and she's like basically advocating for
uh for girls to like go back to the
kitchen because she doesn't really think
it's like she doesn't think like girls
can be assertive and aggressive in a way
socially like things that psychologists
like not really for women because they
they're not incapable of like not being
like emotional and right so like I shall
enjoy on this like I told it about wait
this is one of your professors and what
discipline class social psychology I did
wait okay yeah if she literally if a
teacher well if a woman ever says
something then just tell her that she's
being too emotional to honestly like
make a statement about it right now and
then like you can brush up the whole
conversation oh I really want to because
she was like acting like a really
aggressive I'm pretty sure she was like
one of the I'm like not the area girl
she like asked to join the men club like
the men's right back fist I said like
like exists right she's like the off the
opinion biology degree that's right that
the environment like has nothing that we
the nurturing nature debate like the
nature is like 90% right she doesn't
think like we were capable of escaping
the nature I'm pretty sure like like
I've got in some sort of trouble with
her because like we were fighting like
pretty okay [ __ ] car by the end of
the class like that's why I don't have
to like talk about it I guess like which
I guess how to approach it right because
you're like you debate a lot of [ __ ]
retards option I say pin the server a
lot of retards
yeah I'm fishing I've been referring not
to say it but yeah sure yeah Josiah
you're the bait like a pretty much like
steel with people by that I don't know
like this is in a convex alike I guess
the University so yeah I encourage you
like everyone like stand up you're done
professors there you should really have
a job they should go to pensions but
yeah thank you buddy for the discussion
I guess okay have fun be careful buddy
yes is it gonna be all socialism I'm
just waiting for the vegan debates
please please
socialism an abortion don't do this to
me all day please
[Music]
