all right guys
welcome welcome to episode 1 of the
scuffs DT podcast I'm joined here by my
wonderful Coast co-host trihex it what's
up
I have earbuds in right now it's
actually really hard to talk without
hearing my voice now I'm actually so
used to hearing my own voice in my head
when I talk it's really weird not to
hear it now when I'm on stream does that
do you hear your own voice when you talk
or no do you not have that set up that
way
actually I do yeah I am I use a go XLR
mixer and I really enjoy that I hear
myself when I speak so I can because
it's part of them adjust my pitch
whatever yeah exactly yeah okay yeah
anyway so I've been traveling a lot I
went to France Reese Elite now I'm in
Sweden and then I'll be back in the u.s.
in two weeks you have been playing Super
Mario maker too recently yep and then
you were telling us about those
experiences before we reset everything
so hit us up where you go sorry about
that again the connection drop yeah so
what what I was saying was that uh spoke
about my past year not but uh when Mario
maker one came out in September 2015
before that released I was a know a lot
smaller than I am now as a 700 viewer
streamer on a good day it's like my
total peak viewership was 700 maybe more
about 450 on average and with mario
maker i melee overnight was like
tethered to the success of the of the
game's release because there's you know
a viral wave of user-generated content
that had infinite supply kind of like a
minecraft essentially and yeah I went
from I had like 4k viewers overnight and
then I maintained 8k viewers by November
and just kept you know rocking and
rolling what's exciting though about it
is the fact that um back then I was
inexperienced as a streamer I had never
dealt with a chat that size I didn't
know how to deal with the critique in
the criticisms you know I let any any
mean comment like get to means I was
incredibly thin skin then very insecure
I would say I didn't have enough ego to
sustain being that visible I guess like
I kind of cracked under that pressure
and like really
really really wanted a break so I kind
of fell apart in a lot of ways there so
you know you know I was a I was at 8 K
and E 2015 I was a 4k and B 20 2016 I
was a 2 K and E by 2017 it kind of just
fizzled further and further down because
I was a not able to deal with it better
you know but through the last you know
especially 2 years you know I've
the combination of exploring variety
doing things other than speedrunning
getting politically savvy and just like
and I don't know it's like being way
more mentally healthy I've led to the
when I had the opportunity now hop on
Maury maker now I'm like you know I know
what to do I know what to not do and
area I'm now well connection issues
aside here you know I've been I've been
for K and E or more since the game came
out so we'll see how much of that is a
super sustainable you've been on the
like the top of the section right like
even the number one micro streamer or I
don't
so I tweet told me I actually don't know
I do I've been live so often I don't
even I don't even get the check actually
I've been grinding like that dude I've
been a bro I have been hitting at least
10 hours a day
ideally 12 hours a day every single day
dude I've been I've been at it like look
at my numbers are gross right now dude
up and I've been out here grind in bro
uh-huh according to a tweet I saw here
it's a average has been not again not
that I'm comparing actually the street
literally I saw this morning here a Moon
Moon is number one forsen was number two
and I was number three okay yeah you're
in good company so yeah so you been
streaming 10 hours a day yeah no dude
took my little my Bosman I've been I've
been I've been grinding baby you've had
time to shower it properly hit up the
6-game response while you've been
cleaning
oh did you watch that video I saw the
response to it but I don't have because
it was what is that okay is that a
vacuum is that a nuclear reactor the
back rats my it's my neighbor mowing his
grass yeah so it's my name it's my
neighbor mowing his grass okay
I start by that just you know southern
Louisiana I gotta they gotta cut the
grass it's gonna like it's gonna
literally rain outside today and he's
out here cutting because grass like four
days ago don't know I don't know why
he's like I don't know you gotta cut it
before it rains again do dude no no no
all right real talking to my neighbor
he's like it's like this uh
it's like it's like this dude like you
he's so [ __ ] bougie duty he owns a he
owns one of those like $4,000 zero turn
radius lawnmowers mm-hmm you know I mean
that the ones that you can like you can
like you can like literally like pivot
in a circle without actually moving
anywhere and like the thing is like yeah
I live in the cities we have like a
little small shards he's like this like
this insanely obnoxious overkill a
lawnmower
um lawn mower for a little little small
a city yard and it's like I don't know
dude he's cut this grass like four times
a week or whatever sounds like it's
working you so I'm pretty jealous when
dude is is that what it is
I'm coop a little my little up a little
push mower cuz you know my push more was
like you know 115 is this [ __ ] was 4,000
so that's cool yeah so sorry you might
you might hear that because his kite is
grass right now but um but where was I
can though yet I am yeah I've been I've
been grounded dude I've been I've been
hitting it like really really hardcore
so I'm pretty exciting yeah that's some
good [ __ ] you've got the lead today
buddy what's our first topic today all
right sound sounds good alright I'm
gonna let's let's rock and roll so now
that we've done some inevitable and
introductions here man I've done all
right there are so many topics that
could have been timely that we of course
you haven't gotten to a girl gamer bath
water has been like spoken to death by
everything ever oh wait actually
this is actually so far to the past give
me like you're gonna try to do your best
give me like a 1-minute recap because we
never actually did this what was the one
thing you were the most excited about
from e3 to [ __ ] that was like [ __ ]
last year at this point uh-huh
you're asking me what was I most excited
about yeah just one thing no no the one
thing from all of it was of one thing
you were the most you excited about say
okay the sad thing here is the most
memorable thing from e3 was the goddamn
Elon Musk Todd Howard interview I think
was a [ __ ] [ __ ] that was so cringe
and stupid and terrible that's what I
remember the most actually cuz it was
just like so genuinely cringe but uh but
I guess you're asking more about like
what games I had me excited here
yeah probably Final Fantasy 7 remake
that was a that genuinely had like 30
minutes of gameplay
it showed its graphic fidelity and its
scope and it's coming out sooner than I
expected
so is that some time 2020
March March 3rd 2020 are you uh nope no
but I'm gonna play I'm gonna lose my I'm
gonna get I'm gonna lose my JRPG
virginity and finally playoff Final
Fantasies I'm gonna play I'll play in
beat 7 before the release of 7 remake ok
ok alright that's all yeah I mean I have
the same answer obviously sir
yeah I'm sorry I'd like prep I cut it
maybe like give me more but I actually
have told were calling back now since
it's been so long at this point
uh-huh yeah I was just curious if
there's anything else you're especially
excited for him but alright hit us up
what's our first topic
you said gamer girl bathwater is it I'm
sorry I because I'm losing track of all
the [ __ ] [ __ ] going on online is this
the same girl who likes someone who's
gonna leak her nude so she was like well
I'm gonna leak them or is this a
different girl um what's the name my
name is Belle Daphne I want to say yeah
she's a cosplayer
I don't know anything about her actually
is a different there's a totally
different girl look I know rhetoric No
oh that was Bella thrown and this is
spelled Daphne or some [ __ ]
I'm sorry Belle Belle Duffy I'm sorry I
luck in the brows Bella Bella delphine
yeah so I mean okay so you want to talk
about that we can we can if let's list
you've already spoke about to death here
no I don't have much of an opinion on
that though I mean she kind of got
blackbelt she'd ever she had a doing it
yeah whatever okay
cool cuz uh yeah I mean there was a
point where I guess the only thing of
relevance here so obviously increase in
people didn't know here there was a
she's a very popular cosplayer she
announced a new part on Instagram where
she's selling girl gamer bathwater
it's a $30 she it's her real bath water
the picture depicted of it it's a cute
little 12 ounce jar with a customized
grill gamer bath water lid and in the
picture in the marketing at the pics are
wearing a diva cosplay with a xbox
controller in her hand all in the tub
because obviously you are playing games
the tub no guarantee on if she played
games in said bath or if it's because
she's a girl gamer while taking a bath
that the water is now special but that
aside though 30 bucks you can get that
and it's a commemorative thing it's
exclusively marked that it's not for
consumption it's just purely to be a
sentimental item that you can hoard on a
shelf somewhere or near your shrine of
worship of choice now yeah this is like
super [ __ ] right do you agree or do
you not think so not at all I think
there's super [ __ ] no yeah I if the
product was a trivial gimmicky and
stupid it would flop but obviously
people are people are buying and whether
it be on ironically or ironically due to
the viral nature of the Instagram post
itself here so it tells you more about
the consuming base that's wanting the
products more so than of her I would say
I feel like it's it feels really scary
to me I mean we're not talking about the
important question here how do I
actually know if you buy the game of RO
bathwater that it's not just like tap
water that's being bottled so like a
video included of her like using the
bath and then bottling it or am I just
supposed to take her word for it I don't
know man it sounds like gonna be a big
scam you know it I I completely hear you
on that why even go further here I feel
like
I'm entitled to know which day me were
playing with the bathwater so I can you
know you know get an acquainted taste
and feel for the differences here you
know I wanna you know and is it is it
League of Legends salt is it a overwatch
tilt were you playing replaying like you
know you know it was a more soothing is
it were you playing like you know straw
to valley when you were doing that like
i i i i i can i can feel these aroma as
these flavors through the jar itself but
i really can't tell what game was being
played during said bath you know i mean
so okay well I mean validity aside I
honestly I can't think of something I
could care less about that if somebody
was selling game or drove bathwater I
feel like you have to oil up probably a
really large amount of time free in your
day to actually get upset at this kind
of [ __ ] well this is actually well I
wish you were on the stuff podcast last
week cuz that's where I had to uh that's
where I had the debate train on a little
bit there feels like it's a what I mean
doesn't matter when I go on this Cup I
guess they stopped talking nobody wants
to agree with me anymore this actually
is so [ __ ] frustrating you have no
idea there have been days where I've
been over at like friends houses and
there's been some I remember the reason
once I was in the offline house and some
girl was giving some [ __ ] insane like
femme cell takes and I was like listen
guys I love you but I gotta pull up my
laptop and hop on and I got on and
everybody shut the [ __ ] up and I was
like okay whatever oh my god yeah it was
a well just know that I just know that I
fought the good fight and because he
definitely had a lot to say about it
actually but I was like I think my
highlight quote from that was when I
think trains had something along the
lines of like I'm not saying they
shouldn't do anything it's just my
opinion that I'm saying they shouldn't
be doing anything it's like it was like
something that was like such a
meaningless to station like everything
you say is your opinion like what would
why would you specify like what do you
mean oh god yeah oh wait that's me we
have which have breaking news right now
supposedly we got a tweet here saying
that the so the first order of bathwater
has [ __ ] you know cuz it went viral when
it's sold out right away
her initial inventory of the bathwater
sold out and we're getting a uh
someone's quoting me a tweet here that
says that uh apparently there were no
traces of human DNA and embel de fiends
bath water and she is liable for a
class-action lawsuit you know and when
someone ordered ordered the BOK
bathwater looking for you know offs in
and testing it for strands of any kind
of like DNA evidence of it you know
coexisting with her physical body but I
don't know though I don't know this is
like yeah I'm kind of wonder if that
would even be a guarantee one how much
DNA would even be in the water - what is
it realistic or feasible to test like
water for DNA 3 would DNA like sink to
the bottom or would it float like would
you is it like I don't know I know I
don't breathe air though not only that
what's a little bit suss here is that
the the I was a link to tweet I was like
the picture of a tweet from a reddit
link it's just like it was like three
layers of kind of [ __ ] he really
sure I'm hard I can't take a lot of
people and Chad are saying it to come
out of that tweet it was fake so got you
so come yeah I know obviously it's like
whatever though I guess the one thing I
will say about it here if she was smart
because clearly supply outweighs or
supply is under under demands out wing
supply and so she can't produce enough
legitimate girl game of bath water
without hopping in a goddamn pool having
a bath there I guess so you know she
gets like three hundred orders of of
girl game or it's like you know a
thousand orders a week or whatever
because it's a now a viral sensation
that people don't just you know for the
for the gimmick or ironically or
whatever the problem becomes like you
know like you know the tainted
legitimacy of the girl gamer bathwater
and I'm and I I figure if she was smart
she would take her her cosplay patreon
and just like tether an order of Kroger
bathwater to like a exclusive high tier
and and rather than have it be a open
sale product yeah I mean maybe she'll do
that and maybe going forward maybe she
wanted to do like a limited run first to
see how it was hell yeah who knows
okay um let me see here so uh there uh
there are a couple of couple of things
here too if you didn't hear about oils
on the raj battle yell podcast Sunday
and I won again easily uh so that was
pretty dope there were quite a few
terrible takes from from the Roger
Gaelic and I can recap for you if you
want to hear about yeah I had a thumb
okay so are you okay are you familiar
with the mini issue enough for you real
quick here are you familiar with the the
Betsy the Betsy Ross flag incident with
Kaepernick and Nike was it there was
some shoe that was gonna be released and
somebody said that they didn't like
Cabernet except that the flag was
probably bad idea and people are like
Madison [ __ ] about it or something
correct that so yeah so yeah you know
the the bits of Ross flag was the the og
13 colonies flag were the the iconic 13
stripes were accompanied by the 13
colonies depicted as a 13 stars in the
circular pattern in the Hoenn region of
the flag so the eye
what would a what Kaepernick said was
that you know that oh you know this flag
or this shoe that's gonna contain the
this flag is gonna be hijacked by a no
white supremacist or like you know it'll
be the new the new foe symbol for
quote-unquote American traditionalism
when in reality it's because like you
know at this point now it's
transparently known on a mass scale I
would say that the Confederate flag is
racist so they're trying to like take
something else they can put those same
bigoted bigoted prideful views and
projections on and it did now be you
know another symbol of like core
symbolism or core patriotism by the use
of the older version of the flag so
Kaepernick warned Nike about that
because he had there was like some
evidence of some of like of this being a
proven thing uh I believe in New York
but I don't know the specifics of it
actually but ultimately a Kaepernick
advised against being produced and Nike
opted to cancel the beliefs of the shoe
in which everyone to which there was a
some some pretty nuclear takes on the
stroma on the podcast about how like you
know my oppression this is [ __ ]
[ __ ] and I has essentially I called
my was like so are you so you're mad
that Nike chose to cancel the shoe
because it's not like they put that her
head you know they're a private company
they can do whatever they want to do
they just they're they're doing what's
in the interest of them maintaining Max
profit and uh in just general
capitalistic behavior so I don't see
really what you're like are you are you
opting that they shouldn't have the
freedom to do what they want to do
that's really where I cut that right
they're not from that point on I thought
it was pretty like are you pretty copy
feels might not buy the whole thing but
do you have anyone add to that actually
I actually don't know how I feel about
this one like I can understand kind of
avoiding the use of symbols that have
been co-opted but maybe like all right
people or extreme conservative people or
whatever but like to try to preemptively
guess which symbols could be co-opted
and then I say that we shouldn't use
those because I doubt that seems like a
real bad road to go down I don't know
right which okay I'm sorry I mean
finished the word ultimately that was
like one point one person brought up
here where it ended for me was I I said
that I wish they had ran with the shoe
and challenged that perception of the
symbolism being hijacked for for
negative things because when you just
cancel it all together and say that you
know hey we're a your show you're
enabling the the real threatening power
of those people by saying they're not
even gonna try to let that symbol remain
being a being what it was and let it be
hunted into being like some kind of faux
faux patriotism if you will or foe or
revisionist history isn't like that way
can you say that again what do you mean
I don't know a show like Mike Mike
including opinion was that I would have
rather Daiki not canceled the shoe and
if if why if I called right away
supremacists important thing to hijack
the Betsy Ross flag for their for their
views and like let it be the new symbol
that they can get thinking they can get
away with do the plausible deniability
I would have rather they released a shoe
and challenged them then completely opt
out and and not even in
them continue to have this enabling
power of legitimacy of hijacking I agree
with you is what I'm saying yeah that
was the point that conclude on the
podcast or the battery I was like yeah
because I mean like a server devs are
already like flying Confederate flags
and dumb ass whatever dumb [ __ ]
conservatives do I don't know the idea
of like well I'm worried about making
this because it has something that might
be co-opted yeah I don't know that just
seems that seems really weird to me come
on yeah because I feel like we could
basically cancel almost any imma I don't
give a [ __ ] about like patriotic [ __ ]
but like for people to do like I feel
like you could cancel literally almost
any patriotic thing because it could be
used to some like ultra nationalist
thing you know which feels kind of bad
to me okay there's a two more points
here that were a little a little more
lighthearted from the Rajoy you might
you might enjoy here so um so during the
Raja Royale Mitch Jones came on at one
point I just tried to call randomly and
and he was talking about how he wishes
he can do porn
he's like yeah you know I got a pretty
cool dick no I can get hard in command
I used to [ __ ] my girl in front of my
boys all the time no big deal you know
if someone's watching me while I'm
[ __ ] uh-huh cool you know I'm one but
you know he was like you know just
flexing really really hard and he was
like yeah man wish I wish I had clout so
I could just like you know I can like
you know stream wall or I could like you
know wish I could just like you know hop
on porn no I'm saying and so I'm sitting
you're like okay so you're flexing about
how you can do porn you wish you could
do porn really really well or you wish
you could do porn how it'll appear ly
benefit you at street because you have
that that porn star cloud or whatever
but then why haven't you gone the
ChatterBait you know I asked him that
I'm like yeah I don't see it's not
against TOS to just like do porn just
keep your keep the whole thing separate
entirely well we argue
yeah it would be TOS he was playing
games while masturbating so but yeah
that is true but not asked if I was like
yeah well why don't you just do
ChatterBait then bro if I want you know
if you're such a bomb-ass twitch
streamer and you have all the all the
savvy
streaming skills I don't see why aren't
just going over there and just and just
replace bits with
with a chata betokens why aren't you
over there doing that thing and say oh
the blue is different it's different now
the reason why bring us up here those
because that back that call there and
elderly led to the conversation about
the fact that this interesting
phenomenon here where like if if you are
a porn star
who comes to twitch you have like porn
star clout essentially and then like you
can they could not really like an
interference to you to like to do twitch
and able to keep it separate however if
you're if it's opposite if you're a
twitch streamer who then gets into porn
it's a very different thing than the
first thing I just described would you
agree with that like if you do twit if
you're a known twitch streamer and then
tomorrow you up on ChatterBait it's a
very different experience then if you're
a you're an active porn star and you
come to twitch yeah yeah yeah of course
yeah it's two totally different things
yeah cool well that was a yeah no we're
kind of talking about that uh the the
choice I was talking about a little bit
the mental strain of like you know what
do you do whenever if you know if you're
a twist streamer and an overnight you're
you're doing porn so like that you know
when you get like you get meme dialling
and people are linking your dick pic
left and right and you kind of overly
have control over distribution with a
message and everything like that and
just I think it's like really really
stressful I know it sounds like one it's
like really like huge like nightmare
scenarios that I would not be a fan of
it at all yeah yeah there's a lot of
like yeah I mean yeah I mean we can talk
about either but I mean going from from
porn to twitch I know a few girls have
done it sometimes it seems like what
people do it it's really some [ __ ] I
wish I could remember the names but I
know that like there's been at least one
person that's come from horn to twitch
that it was like trying to like not like
distance themselves from porn but they
don't want to be seen as like oh hey I'm
this person the porn actress like that
was something they did in the past they
want to move on from it and be done with
it now and they wanted to be like a
streamer and then other people other
people that come over like still fully
embrace like the porn star stuff they've
done maybe it was Mia Khalifa yeah I
don't remember maybe with somebody else
but I'm yeah some people only embrace it
and yeah everything's a little different
I think if I was a girl and I was trying
to do rough I done porn in the past and
a come on switch but like your chat
would be like a little
[ __ ] aids for the entirety of your
existence on this platform right yeah
okay so but there was that yeah got
being a twitch streamer moving to porn
though I've thought about that I mean I
don't think I would ever do it but I
just thought about it like you would get
so much coverage under the chatter base
section because I think that like the
most of you people there don't like
barely break into the four figures don't
they I don't know I haven't uh I'm in a
debate boy while actually so um I don't
know I don't even know like what like uh
I don't even know like how howl it like
being a chatter base you were actually
yeah like I'm looking at this featured
patreon now these people have like two
in their viewership is in the 20s I
thought I'd saw that there were some
that got like into the very very low
thousands but like it's it seems like it
would be pretty easy you say 22 talking
20,000 like I don't know like 23 viewers
yeah oh okay
yeah like these people even uh yeah like
a to the female section it's not like 20
to 25 viewers oh this girl is a hot 99
so like it seems like if you'd go over
like already as a twitch streamer you
would get like you would get like a [ __ ]
ton of exposure because you'd be like
you know it is true you're not wrong
although I would say in that if you were
if you were planning on going over as a
twitch streamer to ChatterBait you
should probably contact the site and you
should try to work out a deal with them
they should pay you for going they
should never do it for free and if they
say that they don't then go contact what
is it like a competition yeah who's like
live cams or for my free cams or
something you should be yeah you should
be able to get a deal with one and
leverage it against the other and then
work out like some type of flat feeder
you get paid for stream on that platform
you absolutely do that but yeah
definitely yeah you'd have can I call
some hero yeah dude
my chat are some porn connoisseurs dude
they didn't say my freecams they
abbreviated they abbreviated it MFC yeah
everybody they represent so frequently
having please doing that in my chest
boys right here oh my god with y'all
called the hub do you not like it's me
hey man you [ __ ] with that you
on pornhub oh yeah bad I'll be on the
hub every day bro uh-huh
I'll just shorten it up to the hub now
without uh oh I'm sorry I'm gonna call
out good
wait this fume is 12 hey viewers wait
really I try to look through some of the
streams I don't know how I don't know
how to sort by like viewership though oh
no I believe you had a chat you probably
y'all probably comment on every [ __ ]
video pretty probably on ironically use
the share of the share functionality on
pornhub now you can share your favorite
videos on your Facebook Timeline the top
viewer on ChatterBait had its 11k you
looked at ages oh yeah I probably just
was looking at ages that's how I was
looking at that ninety nine year old
chatter based trailer thanks my dude oh
wait actually it might have actually
been maybe maybe they excellent put
there a Jeunesse 99 what I'm sorry I'm a
ChatterBait me of my guys my item I'm
not a [ __ ] pro user like you are
you're right hold on let me go back the
top is 12 yeah and then it goes 10k it
will pause destiny well it's not canter
bait Pro it's trying to beat gold for
Premium Membership you're calling it the
wrong thing yeah my bad okay so this is
the agent so the age is 20 to 30 but I
guess you'd still get frontpage down
here like if our podcasts on charter
better now we'd be like the sixth or
seventh on this side so all right cool
let's uh let's make it happen bros makes
my awful two hours happen yeah or
something
so okay we go from there into there were
a couple of good questions from the the
DC podcast reddit I can we can hop on
here if you want exactly one for both of
us oh all right
so for tracks and destiny do you think
being a public figure
puts a unique strain on your friends and
relationships and was there a time being
a public figure has affected the way
your friends in Iraq with you finally do
people close to you change the way they
treat you
you wanna get Ewing into that one here
yeah go for it
can you link me the questions so I can
have all the parts in front of me the
first one was does it affect you this
guy's kind of a lot here uh do you think
about figure puts a unique strain on
your friends and relationships oh yeah
for sure
doing anything we are an incredibly
public facing person puts this credit
everything especially if it's with other
public facing people because people's I
mean like we can look at mud live stream
film edit right we're like somebody will
make a clip and then that'll go to
another person and then they'll make a
clip back and I'm like all the people my
script he'll get involved it like
turning [ __ ] it's like you've done
whatever yeah of course there's like a
ton of public facing stuff that that
influences like personal relationships
yeah and then even relationship with
people that aren't streamers I don't
know if you ever went through this with
with your girlfriend where it's like it
can be incredibly stressful for them to
deal with things because of all the
attention you get publicly and then
people will start to divert attention
onto them publicly even if they're not a
super public figure right yeah no
definitely that yeah though the uh
honestly it's probably the the the most
straining thing between me and my
girlfriend ship actually is the is the
status gap I didn't I didn't know how
how like problematic that would prove to
be but that really that really really
affected us at the very beginning
actually quite a bit like I you can kind
of see why like um I never really knew
and I said really give it much thought
here but I never thought about like why
why do triple a celebrity sin to marry
other to play celebrities that's because
they they have like a similar you know
status level essentially you know right
they have relatable lifestyles that uh
and there's like a higher I guess like a
overlap of understanding of one another
is like feelings and situations um you
know if like if Jennifer Lopez was
Meredith on my literal who person it's
like literal who was so isolated from
their dirt age I'll be working at I
don't know wherever the [ __ ] ATT retail
center while JLo was out here [ __ ] in
LA doing shoots and hyper statuses all
that uh-huh
so you know it's kind of crazy um yeah
you know the the status gap inevitably
led to some like involuntary comparisons
of like of stuff that it's like
it's like you know I'm trying some
global emote and you know I'm like I am
at a very different point in my career
compared to compared to you and that's
you know that's work that those are the
grounds we established things on and
that's that's that's how it's gonna be
now so you have to like you know so she
was like in the beginning here get like
really uh socially anxious I guess some
things I D o an events that we were
going to together like twitchcon because
like it's just like these like really uh
feelings of overwhelming worthlessness
because I was like you know I'm out here
doing my thing it's like you know she
compares herself to what I'm doing it's
like you know I mean so yeah but but
that aside now though back to the whole
thing here for me does being a pump
thing I put a unique strain on my friend
smoothies chips oh yeah for sure not
even being a pub it's not really being a
public figure specifically it's more
just being a streamer like streaming
immediately throttles my most precious
resource of available time free time so
hanging out with friends is probably the
thing that I I can conveniently dispose
of the quickest to maximize the time I
could have to then comparatively stream
so yeah friends I are hanging out with
friends in leisure time just doing
nothing productive yeah I got I got
streams to do I got YouTube videos to
upload I got video editing to do I got a
disc or Taylor Michaels they have
twitter DMS response you have emails to
reply to do buy phones literally a
dumpster fire of [ __ ] in every
[ __ ] direction and I have when I'm not
streaming there was plenty of non stream
stream lated Aaron stick to take care of
ya and so at the same time your office
obviously you do respect the idea
respect the the the necessity of
work-life balance um
so clearly I would like to do that but
you know I'm always thinking you know am
i working hard enough you know could I
do better and I think now I find here a
better mojo here but it has cost me in
fact for me to get to wearing him now
the it has costed me not only complete
maintenance of hanging out my friends
but also gym you know where I am right
now what I'm doing right now hitting
these 10 to 12 hours a day and doing
another you know 3 to 5 hours of air
offline as well for the YouTube
everything else there's no time for gym
my lap time for right now yeah I will
return the gym later I feel like a fat
pile of [ __ ] right now but I'm happy cuz
I'm in my element I've never I've never
pushed myself this hard before and it
does the one thing I do feel at the cost
of all this you know in terms of like
Afghanistan the the cost of all this is
that I have pride for the first time
destiny in a very long time
I do feel a prideful that I'm actually
doing a good job in my stream that I do
have the happiest trihard subs and fan
base I've ever had before
so that that does feel good actually
yeah that's really good I don't know if
you ever felt a similar thing or not
like if you have like different
variables of like when you're feeling
like prideful about the constant you put
out if you always feel like you're you
know you're the [ __ ] and you're always
on your volume on your mark and
everything else oh yeah of course
they're definitely periods where you
feel like you're doing really well do
you have I think I even asked you this
in person I think I don't remember
do you have real-life friends that like
you used to be close to and then you
started streaming how did that work out
yeah I had like a group of like seven
friends that we would play pretty much
the drift happened in 2012 for sure but
yeah we would we would play match the
gathering we play you know Halo we'd
play we'd watch anime together you know
I remember going as far back here and um
and binging kill la kill with two
friends over my house we would watch the
entire series across two days
ya know um yeah you said yeah that squad
what what happened was dude yeah just
the the necessity man I was working at
us working as that waiter job you know
for I nights a week I had three days of
free time to stream so I would go hard
and I would try to stream you know eight
hours on all those days each and that
kind of left pretty much barely any time
and do anything else anybody you know I
barely had time to even like to do
laundry or clean my room
[ __ ] I'd like to [ __ ] go you know so
I was always tapped for time it wasn't
like I deliberately eye my priority was
my stream
I wanted to maintain and grow that I
absolutely loved it and so yeah that
that drift just naturally happened I
don't know how to really uh know how to
like even like Freeman even be any
better than that they did you know did
you did you like real-life friends like
treat you differently or did they act
differently around you early does that
makes sense her I I think it was
probably me I hate I hate confrontation
hey delivering bad news so whenever you
get hit with the whenever you get the
WYD text you know another like hey what
are you doing you want to hang out
whatever it's like I got a stream I
would just not put ghosts I'm not gonna
lie to you I'm a pretty pretty chronic
ghoster when it comes to like having to
deliver bad news not not that I it not
that I want to but it's like I hate hate
till denied letting them down telling
them I'm sorry I'm busy
yeah cuz if I go second I can you know
I'm one of them
I'm saying okay i'ma tell him that I was
busy later on but then I'm just like you
never yeah I can immediately so yeah I
hate you know I hate uh for example
let's say you have a friend that um
let's go back like you know like 10
years ago you're a friend that wants to
[Music]
go see a movie that you don't give a
[ __ ] about yeah would you would you
would you tell them one the movie
they're gonna see you don't understand
in and questionably their taste sucks
ass or would you just go and be like man
[ __ ] that [ __ ] see whatever I'm on
[ __ ] care do talk I think ya have an
[ __ ] so I think I would I know it
should be nervous I think for most
people I said you man yeah and then a
party here was a was there a time being
a public figure has affected the way
your friends interact with you you know
what's funny about us actually yeah so I
I was successful with Mari maker right
like I was a like I said 8 K and E 12 K
and E etc but none of my friends knew
what the [ __ ] that was none of my like
distant friends who didn't know what
twitch was or were twitch savvy didn't
know that didn't know what what skill
success actually was uh-huh but whenever
the whenever I was invited to the
Nintendo World Championships in 2015 and
that happened they were like whoa but
not when that happened though but
whenever the 30-minute edit of that
event went live on Disney Channel on
cable broadcast television that's when
my family concluded that oh he made it
because you know all the boomers are
just like you know they're super tether
to the to the you know the platform of
TV being the highest platform possible
so like when I saw the 30 minute Disney
XD broadcast that came out like months
later you know this is like freaking
cobwebs dusty old now I come so far past
that they're like so that was a that's
when they were like okay he actually is
now as a real gamer now he's a pro gamer
okay pro gamers do do actually do shoe
they really do make money holy [ __ ] oh
that's is like brah brah
oh my god dude yeah I was so that that
that's when like my aunts and uncles
caught on time what I love what I do
sure yeah because before then I wouldn't
even bother I would just tell them you
know yeah I do you I would you know I
wouldn't even bother to explain like
which which is cuz like it's so foreign
to them they're just gonna like wait so
people watch you play video games they
don't they don't play the video games
with you they pay money to watch you
play the video game for for them huh and
it's like II do you ki dude having to
frame that so often is like it gets
exhausting so I just I just line this
time where I work for YouTube and he's
like it's way simpler yeah they don't
know the YouTube monetization model but
that's okay though because it gets them
off my ass about having to dodge that
explanation for the hunch of time
so say yeah and then do people close to
you change the way they treat you more
that I change the people I'm around like
I want to be around positive
goal-oriented people so anyone who's
around me is definitely out uh you know
progress and grind so um dude the fact
that I worked out my friends really
quickly because I am was a gym is a very
big priority to me all my friends work
out all my spod you know Chris AJ Mario
the goons I mean if you're all my stream
and you guys would think back you're uh
you know when we're playing smash all
time from like December to like April uh
you know every dude near was like
Fitness [ __ ] Nick and you go out you all
know much at least here uh yeah all the
squad they all work out like we're all
like oh it sounds like some some kind of
some kind of gotcha
you know orgy going on in my at the
house or whatever uh-huh but bunch of
like really fit dudes all working all
planes smash together and yelling
screaming and stuff like that so yeah
the yeah I know I'm
the point is I'm surrounded by positive
motivated people and I feel like if you
work if you work out I mean it's pretty
it's a given then you have you have some
goal in mind here or some or some high
admiration that can of personal progress
your tether to continuing so yeah yeah I
did that so there's there was okay
actually there was a really good topic
here um that I think you guys do you
think if she would enjoy here do you
know the completionist the the YouTuber
reform I know I don't know what he's a
youtuber that is a known for beating a
game completely now like oh he'll go
through and like I guess like you know
whatever you wanna call it 1,000 Xbox
Live Garen points the game or whatever
but let me just grab the tweet for you
real quick
so the thing the tweet in question here
he this is what I replied to let me grab
his for you as well though so if you
don't mind me reading here well quicker
because it's like this is where it gets
a little bit juicy here he said um this
was a July 5th so about five days ago I
think I'm gonna be taking a break from
social media for a bit I'll be handing
off my accounts one of my co-workers who
will mainly use it to post announcements
for shows merch and video stuff I need
some time to reflect on what my life was
before social media right uh-huh
and then I replied here saying that uh
you know hit me up if you ever need to
talk about the spoken evils of always
being plugged in quote unquote and what
social media does to our minds over the
years I absolutely see great value in
regularly unplugging to migrate back to
neutral state mentality look so I guess
I kind of want to like get you up here
and uh if you wanted to did you did you
find us a topic worth elaborating on or
diving into here the idea that our
brains are rewired through continued
exposure of social medias perfection of
crafting how them how about the mind
works with the pleasure centers and you
do you believe in the idea of there
being a neutral state as an if you
unplug for a period of time you actually
will like get back to how I guess brains
would function free social media I don't
know if one is necessarily preferable to
the other I mean the idea that you go
back to some neutral state I mean any
state that you're in consistently as a
neutral state I kind of note you're
getting at though like that something
where we exist like without social media
I think that the overwhelmingly negative
part of social media is just the fact
that people compare themselves to other
people and then they end up feeling like
[ __ ] because people are always posting
the best of what they can on social
media so I mean yeah social media is
something that's been making you feel
like [ __ ] which I'm pretty sure most of
the evidence out right now says that
people that are used social media more
than other people are more prone to it's
like mental illness and whatnot probably
shouldn't use it as much I don't think
yeah I think that's probably a good
thing if you take a break
or stop entirely is that something you
ever done before no I have you ever have
your everybody like deliberately like
unplug completely for like a whether it
be like a certain trooper vacation know
whatever like [ __ ] no yeah neither if
I'm but but I don't get like I'm not
miserable social media doesn't make me
upset like I like engaging I like
reading Twitter posts I like going I
read it and [ __ ] posting or reading
people supposed to read it I don't know
it's like a it feels a little bit
canceled a little time for me and I
generally it's not something that like
makes me feel bad about myself
if I got to a point to where like it was
like making me upset
I like making me feel bad or whatever
then I probably would stop yeah probably
stop doing it yeah can you okay here
I'll challenge you here okay can you
recall your largest gap away from social
media after streaming like post
streaming what do you
I still stream now what do you mean by
that like I guess you said you've never
deliberately unplugged but can you ever
recall made perhaps your largest gap
from engaging in social media whether it
be like accidentally or intentionally
for example here whenever me and my
girlfriend were distance and she came to
visit me for the second time we I I
specifically remember actually not
making a Twitter post for three days
straight because we have like mean her
were like doing so many things well with
like you know we would like we knew we
had 72 hours until she had like go fly
back so it'll work a Monday afternoon so
it was like you know we're gonna go to
the movies we're gonna go to the park
we're gonna go ride bikes for going to
half of us we do here we will eat out
pretty much every night you know I tried
extraor some some nice like you know
Louisiana food and all that um I mean
what else we did here yeah it was
cobbler we barely slept actually but uh
but yeah I ended up not posting on
Twitter for like three days straight
which was I when I realize I'm like oh
wow I actually didn't I I was I was
actually unplugged accidentally I guess
in Nirvana
trying to think of what I did for my 30
days when I was banned I don't even
[ __ ] remember
oh I streamed on YouTube so I was still
streaming everything um [ __ ] I don't
know I don't think I've ever I don't
think I've ever been off in social media
completely for more than like 24 hours
maybe there if there was like a power
outage or something but then I've got my
phone I don't think I have that no hmm
okay I don't know I guess I I support
the idea of it if you feel like you're
uh I do agree with you the toxic
comparisons are really rant but
especially on Instagram it's like really
really bad there yes I feel like a girl
today and you're like looking at like
I'll like to Instagram models and [ __ ]
like I feel like it would be really easy
to compare yourself to people online and
then end up like feeling like [ __ ] about
yourself you know there was a brief
while actually where um I feel like at
my lowest pit in 2018 where I felt like
I was like kind of seeing like a skewed
perspective of my Twitter timeline like
all I would see is like people going
live like their it's like they're going
live sheets of the things we're gonna do
on their stream today and people flexing
about they're like you know oh thank you
all we got so many subs today like oh
yeah yeah a lot of that I feel like yeah
I feel that effect even on on even in my
own ecosystem here of Twitter of a
twitch on Twitter as well with a flexing
the the rampant flexing so yeah I don't
know yeah it's definitely not a I don't
think I would say it's like it's not
healthy
long term I guess because it's such a
high amount of comparisons that are
going to notably happen right there
rabid focusing on your own progression
no just just change your your goalpost
entirely yeah yeah I mean I think social
media use is probably gonna be one of
those things in the future
I wouldn't surprise me I like that next
maybe ten years when people look back at
it as being like an overwhelmingly
negative thing I think that it's I like
a lot of like really negative impacts on
most people seems like people probably
can't engage with it the healthy way
most of the time probably shouldn't at
all but it's really hard because like
society kind of pushes everybody into it
and so like you know like if you don't
have an Instagram and all your friends
to where you don't have a Facebook and
all your friends to it's kind of weird
yeah you know ask you I don't even um I
can't even relate to I wonder what the
regular social media person feels like
you know like uh because I mean you are
so numb to like notifications it's like
we just go to check and like you know
it's more like always pending to do list
of things to respond to or engage in I'm
wondering what it's like for someone who
has like a look I guess like a drywall
like your wall is like very sterile well
I think it's just going usually you make
like social media groups with like your
your like friends rather than like being
a public figure
and like having like strangers like
following and liking and talking about
your [ __ ] or just like your group of
friends right okay yeah I guess so yeah
although I think Twitter is horrible for
that I don't know what normal person
would use Twitter like that seems like a
really bad platform to tweet [ __ ] out
unless you're like already famous but
Facebook is like Jenner they like that's
your you and your group of friends are
what posting are posting back and forth
to each other one at all
got you actually I'm getting a response
here now it's they're telling they're
they're saying that for those who have
the the sterile interactions and that
that getting a notification is the
equivalent of like me getting a twin
doll donation daddy like you know you
feel like oh wow I am important okay
seem to be the implication here that you
feel like you're not a you're not
important cuz you don't because because
you know you throw out like maybe your
your your your take on you know the new
Lion King or your take on the new
spider-man or like your opinion about
how the hype for Borderlands threes
overhyped or whatever I don't know what
it like you got something take right and
just like huh nothing no likes no
retweets no responses no nothing yeah so
but okay so we a cool cool cool so we
covered we covered that one um let me
see here [ __ ] dude do I mean there's
this one here we can do some reaction
handy if you want a radical video thing
yeah critical as a video that uh people
have summarized as is advocating for
games should be a political uh-huh or
non-political
which is kind of like a kind of like a
sour take from me at face value but I
would I would hear Mountain C we has to
say about it first and get the framing
down I mean do you end up watch the
video put it on times to I actually
haven't listened to it I've just seen
people's reactions to it but I haven't
talked about it yet
sure so so we watched it on to X and
just like then we come back in four
minutes and watch it or talk about it
yeah or put it on 1.5 maybe just in case
well not only five you might talk fast
let me see here okay call me to come and
get me get a fired up here real quick
and 1.5 X that's the Destiny special and
alright you just uh give me a count when
you're ready all right ready 3 2 1 go no
I'm not the lead singer of escape the
fate from 2009 though I do look like him
at this point in my hair growth cycle
it's me Charlie the ace recorder on all
things video games I debated making this
video for the last couple days and I
just decided [ __ ] it I kind of do want
to talk about it I'm not a massive gamer
anymore I don't sit down and pump the
dick into games like I used to
now don't get me wrong don't screw my
words I definitely do still get down
dirty like a [ __ ] greased goblin
sometimes snort and Dorito dust and
injecting G fuel on the veins getting
after some fat grinds in certain games
but it's not quite to the level that it
used to be at for me that being said I
still keep up with almost everything
video game related I'm still very
passionate about the industry and the
craft I mean I sell a video game themed
what dreams isn't [ __ ] like that like
none of that changes but what I want to
talk about today is the internet demands
video games always have a deep meaning
or be politically charged and motivated
be socially conscious and socially aware
of everything that's going on and I
think that's really detrimental to video
games as a whole it's no longer enough
for a video game to just be fun in fact
I'd argue to the Internet fun is
secondary to the meaning and the
political message behind the game and I
think that sucks some fat filthy
butthole that makes every game
uninteresting to me I think politics is
very unenjoyable as a topic I don't get
political I never get political I think
it's a very boring world there's no
entertainment to be had it does nothing
but isolate people leave the arguments
it's not fun politics is never something
fun and video games at their core we're
always meant to be a fun escape from
reality a fun time investment just fun
in general and now making every game so
politically
it makes it not fun and the Internet
makes it even deeper than that where if
you don't like a certain game it somehow
gives people the impression that you're
some politically-charged loser or you're
not a politically charged loser and thus
you're loser for not enjoying the
politics in video game you're not liking
a game now is an indication of what side
of the spectrum you're on politically
that's so [ __ ] pathetic
I think making and demanding games
conform to what you personally believe
is really sad and it really holds games
back now that I think if we didn't have
politics games would have reached this
level were traveling to Mars to play the
newest VRA our experience or anything
but games wouldn't be so Saini most
video games that come out these days to
follow the same formulas and for the
most part deliver the same messages I
can take or leave the message there are
games that I believe should have
powerful messages ones that are intended
to but for the most part games are just
supposed to be fun and I'm not there to
deep dive deep feel something in the
real world I thought provoking
experience when I'm jerking off in front
of a candle and really reflecting on the
games message and themes that's not what
I play games where I'm there to have a
good time now while I'm bringing this up
is because a channel called extra-credit
released this video called stop
normalizing Nazis this video is an
objectively large pile of dog [ __ ] it's
a horrible video no matter how you spin
it
their message is very clear basically in
this video what they're saying is the
old debate of video games cause violence
but they spin it as video games cause
Nazis these people are so [ __ ]
shameless they go as far as to compare
playing is a terrorist in counter-strike
to making people into terrorists in the
real world that's really sad and
pathetic and no one agreed with their
message even the most politically
charged gamers disagreed with how they
frame their message but this made me
realize just how ingrained politics and
social [ __ ] are in the video game
industry and I think it's just not not
good I think it's asked I think it's
just straight hairy-ass
that video games have become so
synonymous with politics and social [ __ ]
that it's you know you feel the need to
make a video called stop normalizing
Nazis and you think I can counter-strike
of all things as an example for how it's
a bad thing that you play as a terrorist
a [ __ ] fictional video game their
argument in this video suck they say you
know you don't opt in to play the
terrorists when you play counter-strike
oh yeah you do you [ __ ] bought the
game you know that it's terrorist versus
the counter-terrorist so you opted in by
buying the game by playing the game they
have no argument he really shitty it's
just this really agenda pushing piece of
[ __ ] that doesn't work no matter how you
look at it but that's a video game
industry as a whole the more you look at
it the more you'll you know read from a
reviewer that the negatives idea of a
game are almost 9 times out of 10 about
the message of the game or the politics
of the game and how the reviewer didn't
agree with the main character not being
who they wanted the main character to be
or be associated with the group they
wanted the character to be associated
with and how it was a missed opportunity
that the character is a muscly man
instead of a skinny man or something
dumb like that look he's really nitpicky
things how they want everything in their
life reflected in their video game why
do you want that why do you want your
fictional piece of entertainment to
reflect the sad real world that [ __ ]
sucks who wants that that's like going
to sleep
I'm doing your taxes when you dream you
want flying around like Superman firing
lasers from your [ __ ] eyes
bench-pressing 700 pounds and you know
[ __ ] supermodels don't want to go to
sleep
and you're in your high school classroom
taking Gandhi a math test again it's
stupid to want that from a piece of
fictional entertainment it's really dumb
and it holds the whole goddamn thing
back because developers like CD Projekt
RED is a good example I got attacked for
cyberpunk 2077 that's not yet justice
whole laundry list of social problems
that they noticed with the game or
things that we're missing they felt
we're missing from the game so in CD
Projekt RED had to go back allocate a
whole bunch of time the resources to
make everyone happy that the game is so
socially aware of everything in the
world that's going on right now to try
and make everyone that exists on the
internet happy so all the time they
spent doing that could have been spent
making the game more fun making more
quest lines or stories for more
characters it's just it feels like to me
it hold developers back it holds games
back and I just don't get the purpose
why does everything and I guess it's not
even just games with everything these
days has to be so deep and politically
driven that it's sickening and that if
it's not deeper politically driven look
at John wick got [ __ ] on because I
wasn't enough politics or social issues
addressed in the [ __ ] movie as if
you're going to a movie like John wick
looking to have your goddamn ideals
reflected or having a thought-provoking
message delivered down a urethra it just
makes no sense to me I don't know why
people want the fictional [ __ ] to be
reflective of the real world should it
be she should be totally separate it
shouldn't be held to the standard where
it needs to be powerful or deep I think
it all just needs to be fun it needs to
be entertaining but that's secondary now
and I think that's a goddamn shame and I
just wanna defend about it cuz i goddamn
extra-credit video was so insultingly
bad that it made me open my [ __ ]
third I mean you see the strings that
hold this universe together and maybe
when I complain about some video game
trends and also the community manager
for extra credits isn't big [ __ ] they
go on Twitter and they're celebrating
the fact that extra credit to YouTube
channel is losing thousands of
subscribers they have the audacity to go
on Twitter and say they're happy they're
losing Stubbs because it means less
bigots are watching their content and
they double down saying we're
celebrating the sub loss with wine
because we're losing all these bigots
and so [ __ ] up
that and that's just another thing in
the video game world if you disagree
you're a racist you're a bigot you're a
bad person because you disagree with
whatever message was delivered in the
video game or even the video about a
video game it's just unreal you're not
losing biggests you're losing people
that thought the video was really shitty
Lee done which it is it's a really bad
video even people that do agree with
your message and I don't imagine there's
so many people that agree
playing a terrorist in counter-strike
makes you a terrorist but even lunatics
that do agree with that [ __ ] on your
video because it's a bad video and to
call him bigots that's just biting the
dick that feeds you I just don't
understand well I don't know why they
made the video I don't know why they're
doubling down so hard defending it just
roll over and admit it's bad no matter
how you look at it it's a [ __ ] video and
you celebrate like this just makes you
all look like the biggest douchebags
it's just a stupid video game well I
guess the video game spectrum online is
[ __ ] wild right now and I think it's
a really toxic environment full of just
a lot of bad [ __ ] that nothing good
from it and it makes video games as a
whole and gamers a lot shittier that's
just my take on the situation that's
about it yeah all right no [ __ ]
yeah lot of dumb a lotta time right
there let's start okay let's start with
the numbers one let's start with the
number one [ __ ] criticism okay okay
holy [ __ ] AIDS if you don't like the
state of video games today it's not
because of politics it's not because of
social justice work it's because
companies exist to make money okay why
are all games same see I think this is
where to use why are they're all boring
why don't they take risks why do they
all seem companies it's cuz people do
what makes money that's why every
Assassin's Creed is a copy of the last
one that's why Call of Duty still uses
the same engine from [ __ ] 7,000 years
ago and it handles the exact [ __ ] the
same that's why every game tries to
[ __ ] copy each other okay that's why
okay so number one that's why games are
same Z number two acting like every game
has to be political assumption so I pull
up the top 10 most popular games
the first one is minecraft minecraft
doesn't come off to me is it especially
political game fortnight is number two
doesn't seem very political GTA 5 I
guess you could argue that that's
political sure Red Dead Redemption
- I people got mad about feminists of
that okay Tom Clancy's Rainbow six siege
I don't think that's political overwatch
I don't think that is League of Legends
sure as [ __ ] isn't rocket League maybe
no Pub G no Super Smash Brothers
no roblox no Super Mario DC no csgo call
duty black ops 3 so so know this idea
that like every game that comes out has
to be like super political or whatever I
don't think it's necessarily true unless
you're gonna start telling me that like
overwatch is political because it's like
a gay character or because they're like
women or say well what's on here this is
Trace or being gay a political move or
not is like is LGBTQ intrinsically I
mean like until I start getting like a
damage reduction from tracer shooting
other female characters I'm gonna go
ahead and consider like her gay thing
having nothing to do with the [ __ ]
game play like I think I don't think
that any of that has actually done
anything related so
the gameplay which is what he was
focusing on right he say oh people does
one game through the gameplay people
don't want political stuff which by the
way that is even that isn't even [ __ ]
true like Metal Gear Solid is one of the
most political series of all [ __ ]
times and it's also one of like the most
popular series of all [ __ ] times so
like all of the Final Fantasy games are
quite mature and have like political
themes like inner woven and then Final
Fantasy 7 you start off as playing like
literal eco-terrorist groups that are
trying to destroy like the urban cities
for killing the planet and draining the
resources right Final Fantasy 8 opens
with a whole bunch of [ __ ] political
[ __ ] related to like the leadership
Final Fantasy 9 is like huh
there's like so much stupid [ __ ] bacon
in this video it's like the ultimate
like gamer bro like [ __ ] like this
guy like smoked a bunch though I need a
really good take and like laid it out
but like almost every single point of
this video is like beyond [ __ ] stupid
I don't know no no no yeah I completely
but I thought the biggest the biggest
point of the whole thing was the fact
that like by advocating forth for a
games to quote-unquote not be political
all the damn time is intrinsically a
political stance on its own here you
just you just want your flavor of
politics you know yeah I would say like
like the the the the specific enabling
of status quo or I guess lack of action
or lack of I don't know I guess any kind
of initiatives is intrinsically or
you're saying yeah like how things are
right now this current political state
so that comes to mind the wolves yet I
wasn't only said here the critiques
about like how the cards are depicted
here whether if they're their big buff
or super slim I yeah there was you're
right honestly I really just like
pausing there was like a lot of things
so I was like mmm mmm seemed kind of
like kind of kind of a babyrage like I
don't I like things my way and Miley
only because the the traditionalism is
the the way of how things should have
been um games are meant to be about fun
I mean I don't know like that's like
super subjective I mean the character
could be people that some people do play
games further their narrative Lord or
their emotional pool necessary though
gameplay I think life is strange comes
to mind at the
visual novels come to mind poink wicked
majors come to mind o V games come in a
lot of ways in a lot of forms and I feel
like yeah what people like it it's not
strictly I'm gonna call you really
gameplay oriented I guess I mean we
gotta say I'm you compare the average
triple-a game now to the to the triple-a
game twenty years ago and it's like yeah
it's very very different now I mean
wasn't the like the fourth to newest
Call of Duty it's opening mission was
entirely on Rails cuz I had so much
cinematic cinematic heaviness going on
with a combination of QTEs like you
could you couldn't even fail the first
missions we tried uh-huh so yeah I don't
know I didn't play the close of
easterland I heard they got really [ __ ]
I feel like modern warfare 2 or whatever
the main story but I but I don't know
yeah he wanted some good stories no
[ __ ] pandering of [ __ ] what is just
actual in our timeline I'm trying to
like legitimately think like is there
like actually an RPG that's like the
story's been ruined because of pandering
like I thought some of the clips I've
seen I'm like borderline twos writing
seems a little cringy but like has is
this actually happened whether it's like
a game mmm people will I think people
would debatably say Mirror's Edge 2 had
was was pandering because it was like a
Anita sarkeesian was kind of the over
the overseer of it and but I could be
wrong I didn't play Mirror's Edge
catalyst personally but JP was saying
what people are saying wife is strange
too
I I didn't play Mira said you know but
these are like [ __ ] visual novels are
you playing these for the gameplay like
or I mean I guess we're talking story I
see it I hate visual novels sake God you
think Mirror's Edge 2 because I knew
this occasion was involved with some
[ __ ] yeah well I heard the reception was
bad but I wish I remembered if it was
because the game was better because of
like the game was in development and EA
consulted Anita sarkeesian she came
aboard to like steer things around
including um I'm kind of pivoting the
point here now the way I've been upset
more anything else here but initially
the
as depicted on the initial version of
Mirror's Edge looked more like anime
beautiful and then like the the final
version of of the girl in the cover was
more like grounded and more like kind of
like aunty feminine like yeah you think
girls are all ditzy and cute but yeah we
actually you know she looked more like
you know like she was very bluntly
athletic yeah I don't know I wish
someone had to like give me the there's
a pretty strong comparison I think we
cannot affect Google for here like if
you look at the Mirror's Edge 2 box our
concept here let me see if I can get
that for you um somebody like me before
and after so I can't find at a time yeah
I'm sorry I'm looking for him Google
spell me right now I'm afraid no sorry
about that I'm feeling here all I can
find is like just this but this is even
like this doesn't even sell my example
hard enough here but uh yeah like left
is left this post sarkeesian right is uh
what it was initially okay sorry called
correctly but you can see that you know
that uh you know grab having ignored the
more anime rounded face more like that
it's more of a correct egg shape more
more more standards in the proportions
so that's an edit okay well they only
have the thing here I know that the
final box art uh I wish I before the box
art was dude that's the one I really uh
sold me on here
shaming small boot lovers sorry I might
have a met might've uh drop the ball
there for you wait me much I can't even
found it is that is that accurate
[Music]
okay yeah this is what I was looking for
here this looks a little bit more like
my look man all right so we go with the
yeah six here that the sorry for audio
format here yell the the right one I
believe is a one attach to the final box
art and the left one was the initial
concept uh-huh so wait [ __ ] is VidCon
going on right now this is super random
I'm sorry VidCon is soon yeah why would
you would you go I would have but I'm in
[ __ ] Sweden the damn dude kind of a
circus dude I'm thinking back to
whenever the Paul Brothers were there
and they they have like $10,000 in a bag
somewhere and his fans were actually
going apeshit you want to find the bag
and it was actually a safety hazard it's
political dudes go and they like it as
pain at each other right yeah VidCon is
where all the youtubers go like all the
all the pilots like it's like we're like
markiplier and like you know you know
the top 0.001% go just like all the fans
their army of fans do everything gotcha
maybe I'm thinking political nevermind I
don't know what the [ __ ] that one is I
thought politically common okay okay
okay
poletik Khan is gonna be in early
October this year and it's in Tennessee
which is really [ __ ] weird and wack
okay I still want to go but like that's
such a weak sauce [ __ ] in my own
[ __ ] fly the [ __ ] Tennessee you
doing [ __ ] I'm gonna do out there I was
I don't even get like what's that you
were in LA last year why the [ __ ] you
for the [ __ ] are you in Tennessee now
dude um I wasn't gonna say about that
though uh yeah I'm surprised I wouldn't
take you for one to want to go to VidCon
what uh what did you find
appeal
about going to the gun oh nothing I
thought that's where all the I thought I
thought I'd some videos of like is that
we're like Sargon like harassed Anita
that one day or whatever or maybe that
might have been political and I just
didn't know it I don't think Sargon
would be at VidCon I think it I mean
you're confusing political on big time
yeah yeah it might be political yeah
VidCon is where I call the the ten mill
and above youtubers like go to like get
their ego flex on for you know three
days straight no people are saying that
was VidCon oh [ __ ] okay maybe maybe some
of the political people sometimes go to
VidCon
okay whatever [ __ ] okay ignore this back
to the back the main time say yeah the
take from critical just yeah it's this
it's our just comes off this entitled I
don't know it's not really like well
thought it was really insular just like
well like it identifies some things that
I believe are real problems like I do
think games are like pretty same saying
there's a lot of trouble with that I
just I don't think it's because of
politics I think it's just cuz game
companies tend to play it safe
right like I don't think movies today I
have a big problem because of like
politics I think movies have a big
problem because like people have money
and they want to invest in or ways that
they know will get a return that's why
we see like 50 trillion [ __ ]
superhero movies like more so than
anyone taking risks actually you know
you bring up a good point here now about
that
there is actually a really dangerous a
dangerous like not really but a
dangerous predator esse dn't going on
right now because a Toy Story for you
know only open to a hundred and thirty
million dollar opening box office
weekend rather than the projected
hundred and seventy plus wait what the
spider-man toys oh you said you saw that
was really good right yeah did you know
if you like on a few Nathan saw you or
not or if you plan to or not but uh yeah
dudes is actually uh if you get a chance
to check it out they'd love to talk
about actually and I'll be free dope
next week yeah I'll do it on my way back
to because I'm passing through the
breasts when I go back home so go check
it out sick sick sick okay so but you
know stay here is that it uh it didn't
meet projections from box office based
off of how other
films have opened like for example you
know Incredibles to opened stronger than
the in Toy Story for um but you know
this has been a pretty bad summer for
everything besides well Disney men and
black International flopped um was the
other one and like two other movies like
between pretty much between Toy Story
and after hour after endgame and before
Toy Story like there were pretty much
four flops that happened all between
then it's been sour oh yeah x-men
Godzilla and Men in Black International
we're all all flops
oh god I saw that that Godzilla movie it
was so [ __ ] [ __ ] did you have you seen
which what no I didn't see it because I
the trailer was I was like these [ __ ]
trailers do it Oh movies fall dude I
have like what reason my going at this
point now I see everything I know I know
what the plot is know what's gonna
happen it's just a matter of like the
specifics of how it's gonna be executed
so the it's one of those trends I have
really amount of fan of man like [ __ ]
who's mr. monitor marketing we just put
Lee I put like the whole [ __ ] movie
in the trailer door people that go go
see it uh-huh I was going to UM I mean
my hands are supposed to be you should
go to the Godzilla movie to watch all
the monsters and [ __ ] but there's like
hardly anything they're like oh my god
Lee I hate it when like monster movies
did you ever see Pacific Rim yeah did
you like it I I did not see the second
one the first one I did like though I
didn't see Pacific Rim but I heard the
Pacific Rim was really good because I
could knew what it was and that was just
like giant monsters fighting like giant
[ __ ] mechs and that was the whole
movie I hate it when I watch like I hate
it when I watch movies to take
themselves like way too [ __ ]
seriously and this Godzilla movie oh my
real grill like let me just give you
like a like a kind of a quick plot
synopsis and this goods in the movie all
of the Godzilla all of the Titans have
been locked under earth and some lady is
making a machine that supposedly allows
you to communicate these monsters and
what she's trying to do is she's trying
to break the monsters free in order to
reset mankind because mankind is caused
too much damage to the earth so she's
going to go around the planet collecting
all of these monsters to make them
ravage the earth to punish humans and
her
turn the earth to a natural state so
they need to go down and find Godzilla
and bring him out in order to fight the
monsters that the ladies reviving that
she now regrets reviving because she
realizes it was a bad idea and she loves
her family more and it's like it's like
dude I just want to watch [ __ ]
Godzilla like fight some [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] what is this [ __ ] I don't need all
this this is so much dumb [ __ ] [ __ ]
alright doing this okay I want to get
into I want it I want to challenge you
right now but I'm kind of waiting for
you to let me know whenever we're
getting the spoilers like a month or two
[Laughter]
no no actually no um yeah yeah no it's
like yeah it's actually 2014 yeah but
this is actually a sequel to that one oh
no I didn't was it any good you know
that it has phenomenal sound design but
good golly goddamn dude like Godzilla
does not appear until an hour into the
film like they my god dude it's like
worth it it's a lot it's a lot better
than the 90s one wasn't 1997 that one's
like polish it is that was eight years
like it's it's [ __ ] Green Day in the
trailer whatever am I remembering this I
don't know the trail for actually it's
this it's just like what I can say about
2014 Godzilla from what I remember is
like yeah Godzilla peers an hour into
the film and it's like it's moving it
moves really slow to build up to
whenever the military has to like
embrace it and it feels kind of like I
don't know a Michael Bay jerk-off film
because like they they deep throat the
military so [ __ ] hard because it's
like a military POV on there on dealing
with the the foreign creature that they
have to deal with so it's just like it's
like a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot of
military [ __ ] so
what you mean I guess I guess it's
grounded and written and fine but it was
just like it was like a lot of that I
guess because you know the movies call
guardzilla you're expecting to see like
a [ __ ] ton more Godzilla but I was
building more like pedestrians
pedestrians and NPCs the movie with like
20 minutes Godzilla okay well yeah but
yeah you said that Godzilla sucked ass I
didn't MIT I thought men in black the
trailer for that look terrible I didn't
I didn't go see live-action Aladdin
because I was like which I actually have
I've hurt not super bad things about
actually so maybe I should maybe should
go see it I've heard I've heard makes me
I heard actually that they they change
the ending it's not a direct remake that
how things resolved if the genies
actually little bit different here so so
maybe that maybe I'll whatever like
check it out later on some [ __ ] super
bad I'm sorry I haven't seen a lot of it
like [ __ ] 20,000 years isn't that the
end of the original lot of movie the
genie is like set free right direct the
way that you just phrased that it seems
like it would be really [ __ ] up if
like Will Smith is playing the genie and
he's like you know what actually I want
to be a slave forever and never mind it
just seems like a really [ __ ] way I'm
sorry okay
I don't know how it ends I was just told
that it's a apparently it's a pretty uh
it's pretty feels having about oh it
could be okay know what you could do I
guess I maybe I should go see actually
so I'm trying to envision like what
would you would you change like how can
you change the ending and make it like I
guess like different but like satisfying
fulfilling look like sure actually
but yeah wasn't a saying but so yeah
yeah I'm gonna go see lion king when it
when it drops a next week Joshi I love
you so I'll have you heard the embargo
lifted today so now people are
delivering the reviews but it's Lion
King so it's like it's Disney's
Illuminati at full play here so of
course the early reviews are all like
glowing reviews about uh about not only
the film good but even the two things I
thought would be the most annoying the
the CGI Timon and Pumbaa voiceovers
uh-huh steal the show they are actually
hell
Arius according to the to the to tweet
us all this morning but the embargo left
so sir okay
yes my any supplies my my dog good my
dog was like scratching itself
anyway anyway so uh yea but yeah i'll go
see line connects people so I have cuz I
have to is I have to like no Mike that's
like you know deliver my trihard opinion
on the whole damn thing cuz I'm pretty
mixed on in its existence but I'm here
to see like how it resolves everything
else here yeah sure oh wait the whole
the whole point is when we bring also
right now this whole pivoted to the
movies here was the fact that I uh the
fact that box office is flopping and the
end there's like some speculation that
the over reliance on properties and
sequels is actually boring audiences and
that's why things are that more things
are flopping than ever right now you
know men in black sequel Aladdin while
not lad will seal enough nothing again
Godzilla sequel there's just so much
over reliance on existing properties I
mean like we're getting my pretty hard
more like how many [ __ ] things are
being remade by Disney right now like on
top of like all the [ __ ] superhero
[ __ ] like on top of like yeah the
monster here like it's crazy to say but
like the most original action most
original things were never like [ __ ]
horror movies which are like cheap and
easy to make but yeah so here's why
here's what I'll say about that what
what we have now I feel like is the
death of mid budget movies yeah like in
ambition [ __ ] or it's like two hundred
million dollar blockbuster CGI [ __ ]
everywhere stuff and nothing in between
like the idea of like a smaller stakes
fifty million dollar film with an
original idea seems really really risky
now and uh I thought people getting
really burnt out and at this point
there's a lot of gems that like exists
in that price range too right like I'm
well actually I don't know sure
is whiplash I remember did you ever see
that movie no but it's all my to-do list
oh I did watch his other films but what
matches on my to-do list that budget
that's like three and a half million
dollar film the other guy the other film
that guy made was supposed to be really
good too there was lalala and ya la la
ya la Lane was like 30 million okay that
must own the Best Actress Award
Orido III actually I didn't see uh I
didn't see what was it uh not Rocket Man
I know it's not called rocking man but
uh what are the one that one about the
Neil Armstrong astronaut stuff okay
first man first me in there yeah so uh
yeah there's a lot of films um it's just
like it's just [ __ ] dude like the the
power of the MCU is like so powerful now
that like I used to kind of people were
actually like people are like I feel I
see other Studios literally avoiding
competition with Disney at this point
because they they own everything now
they just you know the the first week of
May 2020 watch out March 20 20 November
20 20 watch out and they just have boom
boom boom boom MAV like all the the
lucrative slots locked in people are
running in fear of the the Goliath taken
over yeah but do you do you ever feel
like this could replicate in gaming like
this over reliance on on property
recognition well I think it's is being
bored doesn't at all I'd already have
them like things already happened gaming
took it to another level like gaming
used to have this problem where you
would get like another Assassin's Creed
another fallout another Call of Duty
another battlefield but now gaming took
at the next level now we have the
concept is called an infinity game where
instead of getting like another game and
another goodness I think now you just
have games at like oh the official term
is um
[ __ ] how to do a live content or it's
the thing that they turn to that the
destiny thing right where it's like the
game never ends just note there's no
games as a service that's what it is
yeah
where there's no end point you just like
you you build an immersive universe and
you have the players make it an
extension of their identity so that you
continually pump money into aesthetics
and cosmetics and emails so csgo League
dota good examples of like infinity
games just like keep going forever yeah
and the problem is that that model is so
wack because like how many of these can
exist you know like how many of these
things can actually be out there it
would be like you know these like
perpetual infinite content machines that
are gonna demand you know 40 hours of
your of your gamer time per week to
remain relevant and you know I don't
know so I know you're out there all like
it's like it's like it's like a bunch of
like really obese people gonna fit
through one doorway at one time you know
yeah so it's just kind of a kind of
shitshow right there a little bit I mean
I think people enjoy like I think people
people can enjoy these games in a
different way than maybe you were I can
I don't know what you're like I can't
play a game casually for like 1 or 2
hours a day like it's not fun for me
like I've got to be playing like 6 hours
of the day that's that's the only way I
can enjoy but there are people that like
to play just like one or two games of
either League or Auto chess or TFT or
fortnight or whatever so I mean they're
out there I mean actually those are like
the majority of people I think dude I'm
so far movement as well actually like I
think of streaming I'm just like so
intertwined to like the my performance
and I want to like play the game well I
want to like I'm inclined to get the
mechanics well so just cuz like if I if
I suck at the game it's like Wayne to
redeem that I suck as I feel I get
better at it yeah I don't know that
that's true my ass who kicks into me
really hard and I don't even I don't
even know like uh to be honest here I
think you're like the last and this is
kind of more of like a pivot here a
little bit but like the last night
played a game like off stream let me
think here one was that I really can't
recall actually but I mean I've seen a
lot though and I'm I mean like in a
negative way like i like i i don't like
gaming obviously just more that like i
try to optimize it were like if i'm
gaming i'm doing it on stream right so
for sure yeah why the [ __ ] wouldn't you
oh oh you know what you know you're
right you're right you at smash brothers
not actually I remember yet Tetris I did
play offline to get better at Tetris as
I started playing that for the first
time ever earlier this year and Smash
Brothers I didn't want to get better
that's why I would play offline to be
able to like learn how to deal with
losing that game more often and be able
to handle it better when streaming it so
those are kind of both tethered to
performances though I would say that's
more like a pro stream reason than
deliberately doing it for other reason
uh-huh
[Music]
do you find the is that do you play
games I'll find this pointer are you
know do you move optimized baby
optimized okay okay yeah why the [ __ ]
would you stream or play games Australis
I was you know you're not wrong I feel
like I'm doing good job by always
playing things on thing on stream
speaking of which actually you uh Pam um
I got squad telling me I should hop on
TFT should I do you play it yeah go for
it my plate
I mean it's did you ever play Auto
Chester no I'm played [ __ ] i'ma buy
anything at all so I don't know what the
[ __ ] anything is I just got people
telling me like a train train wrecks
invited me to play tf2 you with them I
supposed to play from Tuesday but I
forgot so I'm gonna see if he wants to
play a Friday or Saturday
uh-huh so oh wait [ __ ] oh I do
Oh sometimes I play games sometimes like
my fear so one thing that fans always
want you to try new games and they say
that but what they really wanted to
watch so you tried new game and then
quit it in like a day or two right I
don't know if you ever had this
phenomena before but yeah if you're like
oh you play this you plays like okay
I'll do it
and like you plant the first two days or
maybe one day you're like really good
viewership but then after that like
nobody cares me when I was you know move
on so sometimes like if I play sometimes
there a game tonight play but I actually
really like them but I'd they're like
horrible horrible for viewership like
even worse than League so like I'll try
to finish them off stream so i did that
with that auto 1800 game i did that with
one called fel seal that i played
recently i did that a little bit with a
game called they are billions so those
are games that I've played a little bit
alright like I'm I got free time I'll
just like grind out like a
or tear those but yeah so they're okay
okay okay okay um oh yeah factorial holy
[ __ ] yeah so my dad's telling me
universally I should not play it which
Dish thing because whenever I asked them
whenever I asked him about it uh you
know it's funny okay so let me tell you
the comparison here so if I asked on
stream right now should I play TFT
they'll tell me no this is boring to
watch
but then when I go to my disc or to tell
them hey should I low-key like pregame
and wanting to play TST so I couldn't
beat trainwrecks when I play him on
Friday then with that angle everyone was
like yeah whenever I made it like more
about I guess I don't know bopping
someone and in a competitive vibe then
they're like oh yeah yeah yeah get get
him try just let's go is then cuz any
hour like is it then I had like three
dudes volunteer like you know I'll teach
you everything to do I'll do the hop and
cue me right now we'll [ __ ] go in
there out so you all the bit I'll teach
you everything I'll get you good like in
in three games easy uh-huh like I had
people ready to volunteer advocating for
this this point it went from like [ __ ]
no - [ __ ] yeah thanks off of that about
that perspective right there which is
kind of just thing oh my god that game
feels trains ego destroyers Eagle that
that that's what it is by the way that's
what it was they're all telling me
wasn't good but he keeps thinking he's
good he's just lucky dude so and I will
see this is interesting here oh my god
dude so here's a question for you
thought to end of the broadcast on here
we're almost at two hours so you're
traveling right now how are you
balancing streaming or do you just like
are you just not streaming right now
when you're traveling free a little
two-week thing I mean like the thing
that so before when I travel I would
just like my streams would be super
erratic and I sometimes it is women
stream for days what I'm trying to do
now is I'm trying to stream like at
least two hours of political content
every day it's really hard though
because I'm sometimes I'm just in places
where I don't have
like good internet and it's a really
[ __ ] frustrating even for the stream
like I almost didn't do it because at
the beginning the internet was [ __ ]
out a lot but yeah that's just that's
basically my going on Charlie's I try to
make it so I've set up saying okay hey
like whoever I'm with just you know like
I'm gonna stream for two hours today
like I have to do it like otherwise why
should I get super [ __ ] yeah but
that's basically how I try to balance it
out okay okay guys what about for you -
have you tried like IRL screaming a lot
yet or no honestly do you know I
actually am NOT a fan of doing IRL when
I'm not in a exceptional environment
like when the environment is in is
inherently entertaining then I thought I
don't like try hard to entertain but
whenever but whenever it's like just me
doing IO it what am i doing I guess like
that question you're like like what am i
doing that's worthy of being of being
IRL streamed I guess yeah um so that's
kind of what the question is here I what
the thing that I do that lends itself to
most - IRL and for me is working out but
that's like that's like me time you know
that's like I work out to feel good
about to have my work-life balance of
when I stream like if I I or else she's
working out this like it's gonna be you
know this like [ __ ] show of like memes
everything else here they're gonna be
all like you know you know due to in
push ups and they can't count the ten oh
you did know it's always [ __ ] like that
and I have to entertain the stream I
can't like just like do the workout as I
would do get the pump have my playlist
bumpin you know get in flow state and
like you know getting you know [ __ ]
get all chiseled jacked and sweaty and
you know get that [ __ ] sick ass
pumping I'm saying no I'm always Brahma
I'd rather get my runner's high of
working out in flow state I'm instead
being brought down to the the constant
realization that I'm entertaining the
chat I have to be entertaining yeah you
know so so for that reason that's why I
haven't that's why I'm not too too big
on IRL right now but when I travel
though I'm definitely I'm down like you
know make it an adventure you know if
I'm out if it's trihex AME Expo like you
know wherever I walk there's like you
know cosplay there's [ __ ] to do so I'm
all for it uh-huh you know maybe I get
like you just not give a [ __ ] don't
[ __ ] lie you know [ __ ]
I'm live yeah I are all stuff you can't
really phone it on people will get like
really bored or like Ray J it's pretty
hard in if you're not doing something
kind of entertaining although like I
haven't tried as long as you're like you
got like a friend or two to talk to or
something it was like hanging out that's
probably better than just like walking
around I think yeah definitely that for
sure okay so I got it I got it juice
because like people are gonna [ __ ] I
call me a [ __ ] [ __ ] if I don't uh so
yeah can we what is there anything you
want to bring them about this Vaughn
[ __ ] or whatever like cuz like okay hear
me out right cuz everyone was like bro
bro y'all gonna talk about drama for
[ __ ] an hour and a half straight man
that edited edited it uh and I'm like
first off Jack you're gonna become the
whole [ __ ] time here I don't know I
didn't want the here's the facts okay I
didn't watch this on little things
Sunday nights I don't know what the [ __ ]
happened there
all I know is that you and him were like
you [ __ ] beef and heart on Twitter
and then y'all are over who's the better
kisser and then y'all never made out and
then here we are now so like I is there
a thing you want to talk about here or
am i or are we just gonna be cool you
two tire Yuliya [ __ ] like I don't I feel
like if I don't bring it up and they're
gonna people call me a [ __ ] [ __ ]
something's gonna bring up right now um
yeah I mean whatever yeah whatever I'm
not gonna like drone on for like seven
hours about it it like rager or whatever
that wasn't supposed to fit caller
that's just mean yeah what what do you
got buddy what are your questions okay
so okay so I can keep one Hana right now
okay okay so check it out right I
wouldn't DDG yesterday and just just to
ask him if they had saw my performance
on the Raj Patel battle podcast and all
that and you know the boys came through
they gave me the they gave me love and
all that and essentially what I was told
was hey do you know about the the
Destiny I saw and drama and I was like
no I mean what happened what
what's I heard that things got heated
Sunday evening whenever it was Hassan
versus debating some right winger and
then you got him up with some point then
it kind of became you versus him because
the right wing pretty much irrelevant or
whatever or something like that and then
but one of one of them summarized it as
that you were upset that Hassan called
Budaj a booty judge right the
presidential candidate the mayor
they say he caused some booty judge
right and that that and that that can be
interpreted as a homophobic slur and
that uh and that that's where you got
like you were upset by that
and then things escalate from there yeah
one thing and there's actually an
accumulation of things that are kind of
like yeah thanks it's unfortunate it's
like I get like so bored like dealing
with love this online [ __ ] now because
like so much of it is just like absolute
[ __ ] fantasy the footage it had
almost nothing to do with anything it
actually was like such an insanely minor
like non point but like people started
to make threads about it and blow it up
but it's like I don't know I guess this
is like a big deal for some people but
no the and I think that was ever like a
big deal basically like the summary of
everything was that me and I think that
me and Assad do things like very very
very differently like weird like
incredibly different in terms of the way
that we approach things and then wait
people are saying we talked about the
Buddha judge thing for an hour I think I
talked I think I talked about the Buddha
judge thing for a total of like four or
five minutes at the end of my stream and
then I closed it and then you guys
started to make threads about it I was
like oh okay um but anyway yeah me and
it's not approach things really
differently
I've known this for a long time I've
kind of like poked him on his opinions
or we've kind of like had conversations
about this but like I like I kind of
know for a long time reverse things
differently it's kind of been
frustrating to me because our fan base
has started to become like super
intermingled oh yeah this is another
mean that people are passing is like I'm
bad at communicating or whatever there's
a there's like those are like the two
big threads that have popped up that are
like totally [ __ ] delusional but um
yeah basically me and asan are very very
different I've known this for quite a
while we've kind of like had a couple
arguments leading up to a bigger head
recently but like I think like a week or
two ago one of the worst arguments we
had was that um it was something with
like I mean basically I went up to his
thing after like a democratic debate and
we were talking about something and then
I muted him for a second because I
didn't want to get into it and I told my
stream something like I'm a little bit
worried that like people the people that
are like Bernie bros like think that
they have all this negative like
opposition research like all this
negative like opposition research and
all this has Democrats I don't think
most people know about this stuff and
I'm worried that like Bernie Brewers are
gonna trick themselves are gonna trick
themselves into thinking that I'm gonna
trick themselves into thinking that like
Bernie's like the super popular
candidate and it's like that's not true
and when I hear people start to say
things like I think somebody said
something like I think I heard us on say
like Bernie pulls well with African
Americans under 35 and I and then I made
a comment like well that kind of sounds
like we're doing Bernie math to be fair
Hassan did say that like that's the only
group and then overall overwhelmingly he
doesn't pull well with African Americans
but when I start to hear numbers like
that it was some it worried me and I
brought it up and then people got like
really mad and then I pointed out like
there are a couple things about Biden
that haven't said that I don't think are
being said really truthfully so like I
think was Biden's position on it was him
making that comment about whether or not
things are gonna stay the chase things
are gonna stay the same there's one
other Biden things like I don't know I
feel like this isn't really but
basically I had like some I kind of like
threw a couple like [ __ ] takes out
that I wasn't like super confident about
there were just things that kind of
worried me and then people got like
really mad at me they said I devalue it
sounds workable blah which I guess was
kind of true I apologize to asan I said
if I you know if I do it again I'll take
you more seriously we'll do like a more
serious thing so then like a few days
ago he put on a video on Kabbalah Harris
and for this one was like okay I watched
the entire video I researched every
claim and I came away from the video
thinking like okay I feel like pretty
much every single thing in this video is
like either have to or like horrendously
mischaracterized and so all right well
let's have a we're gonna have a
conversation about it and that
conversation was like a total [ __ ]
[ __ ] show
I have the conversation and then I guess
from here it just depends on who you ask
some people say that I was rude and
condescending and horrible I mean I
maintain that it was one of the like
gentlest debates I've had like I
couldn't even shout or anything because
I was in a room with a bunch of people
sleeping that's but yeah basically from
that conversation at the end of that
Congress let's let's let's stop right
there so so so saw me that made a video
about about Kamala Harris and you said
that it came off as disingenuous now you
said or I thought the video is full of
lies yeah pretty much I guess I didn't
watch it in question here I mean are you
able to tell me cuz I'm not a fan of
Kamala Harris myself I mean a bit I mean
if there I was in my own damn debate
coverage here but like I I can get into
why if you'd like me to but I'm kind of
wondering like what a win what it would
did he draw the line to you as far as
like it may be an exaggeration or like a
like a Miss framing of things she's
right so like the first point that we
got into that we spent probably [ __ ]
an hour and a half our green was there
Kamala Harris supposedly made a law that
made us so that schools were turning
children undocumented children over to
ice and so I looked into this and what
the law actually was was people that
were charged with a crime undocumented
citizens that were or undocumented
people that were charged with a crime
were being turned over to ice some of
these were children that went to school
but like you had to be charged with a
crime it was at schools turning over i'm
kids and then Kamala Harris lied about
this which she did but like that was the
first thing I took a huge issue with is
like well hold on like schools going
through and just turning over children
for being on document that's insane
where I was like okay turning over
people that are charged with a crime
that's still pretty [ __ ] but this is
like a way different claim like one of
these is like literal [ __ ] Gestapo
horrible [ __ ] [ __ ] and the other one
is like okay this is pretty [ __ ] but
this is way different and then we
couldn't agree on that point for like
forever oh my god and then eventually at
the end of the argument with that he was
like okay for I do whatever look [ __ ] it
you win like okay fine he moved on the
next time the next thing had to do with
like he showed a video of Kamala Harris
talking about truancy which is like when
kids don't go to school
mm-hmm maybe like when kids like we're
wind kids like our and like unfortunate
situations of like perhaps bad parenting
or foster parenting they just like give
up on going to school or like I guess in
what context you're like dropouts no no
it's for kids that are like just not
going to school without a legitimate
reason but in the truancy one there was
a video where Kamala Harris is talking
about hey like there is a homeless
person with three kids that weren't
going to school and we were able to use
our resources to to get her kids to go
to school and we were able to make it so
that they were going to school again and
the Nassau made it sound like that she's
like sending the cops to like threaten
people at gunpoint to send their kids to
school or some [ __ ] I don't know it was
a pretty like there's a pretty like oh
okay yeah that one I'm kind of mixed on
on Michael are you there
I have heard some exaggerations that the
long question did allow the the drama
over was that the parents could be
jailed for not hitting their kids to
school that's what I understood it is
but at the same time there hadn't there
hadn't been any actual arrests made via
that laws enforcement so it's kind of
like a yeah it was basically like so
like here's like the here is like the
worst take away we could give and then
here's like a more about the worst take
away is Kamala Harris use the DA to
slock parents up because they couldn't
send their kids to school that's like
the that's like the the the evil like
Assad version where it's like she's a
literally a [ __ ] Satan like black
Satan by coming to kill your [ __ ]
kids but the Gestapo police or some [ __ ]
right the the actuality of it is how I
played out was Kamala Harris stated that
she had a problem where she noticed that
and a lot of the investigation office a
lot of kids were gonna killed one of the
problems with kids is if you don't go to
school like you the chance of you being
[ __ ] in life or go up exponentially
right even [ __ ] like ben shapiro know
this right the three successes in life
are like go through at least [ __ ] high
school don't get somebody pregnant and
like have a work a job or something it
was like easily doesn't like the three
basic things but like yeah like going to
school is really important every country
in the world has every country in the
world has laws where you have to go to
school or else your parents get fined
even in the united states we do it but
basically what campbell harris was like
was I'm going to since since it seems
like the city isn't doing enough I'm
going to use my
as a TA I'm gonna make no policy so that
we're going to use like the law
enforcement to like encourage parents to
like get the kids to school so if you're
somebody that's not making an effort to
reach out to the school if the school is
trying to contact you're trying to
country kid and nobody's returning any
calls or whatever she's going to send
like police be like hey listen if you
don't get this [ __ ] rolling like you're
gonna either get fired or take you to
prison because like your kid has to go
to school and that her claim now I keep
repeating her claim
I haven't vetted this independently and
I should she claims that at the end of
this she was able to boost attendance
rates by 20% by using the actual like
Police Department to like make sure
parents knew that like getting wreckin
Cisco is some serious [ __ ] and like now
we can talk about whether or not that's
good or bad which we tried to but again
yeah but I mean like that's a Hooper
what I'm super mixed on this one that
are leaning towards like it being a
negative I guess if like if the school
system wasn't a pilot [ __ ] right now
that'd be one thing like it effect are
being forced to go to what is what is
university agree is an effective way to
to nurture the youth and get them
prepared for the real world but I think
right now school is a terrible abysmal
and a mandate to attend via police
enforcement sounds really really off to
me am I really a fan of sure okay I
don't even want to argue with you take
care but like what I'm saying is like
the framing a friend yeah the framing of
these two things is way [ __ ]
different right we're like in one
framing it's like we're literally
sending cops like bust down doors and
like lock parents up and [ __ ] and then
any other one like it's you know we're
using our recess or the police
department's like tell parents if they
don't do it they're gonna get in [ __ ]
trouble whatever which I don't
necessarily think it's like the worst
[ __ ] thing of them okay so the okay
you're you're not wrong I understand
there's a could be a difference of
framing here on that one but the problem
is like Kamala's intertwine with it with
the private prison system and I'm just
I'm not sure if I trust her execution on
really any of that [ __ ] to be honest
yeah I mean we could talk about if we
don't trust her but again it's it's
that's a different thing right that's a
different issue and about and it could
be a valid one but like that but that's
my problem like I don't like it when I'm
I don't like it like if there are valid
reasons to attack somebody if we start
like making [ __ ] up like it feels like
really bad especially given like asam's
positions like on Bernie and everything
it just makes me feel like really are
interval to like give like these nuclear
level horrible [ __ ] like
mischaracterizations of people when we
could like go after them for like
legitimate reasons you know yeah okay
now I hear you okay so so sweet so you
were talking about the Kamala thing was
there anything else relevant to the to
the Hasan stuff or uh III don't know how
much farther for even made it a farther
we spent like we spent a few a better
question uh-huh
where are y'all right now Oh y'all are
y'all squad now or is just like are you
it was just like a you know pretty sure
we terminated that weren't yes we're
what I pretty sure we're completely done
now as in it's resolved or like or the
yeah it's resolved in like what's
Network not talking to each other
anymore I think yeah oh this is nuclear
now yeah so like the thing was is at the
by the end of the conversation basically
what it happened was and this is the way
that I'm gonna frame it you're gonna
cues me being bias
Pete so for the record somebody went
through and they did tally up the time
apparently asan spoke for like 86
minutes and I spoke for 53 minutes or
some [ __ ] and I'm pretty sure he
interrupted me like seven times when I
heard it you can go there's a reddit
post on you time I don't know but
basically by the end of it asan started
to do this thing that I've been accusing
lefty people are doing recently where he
started to throw out to me every debate
thing I've ever heard from like all of
the people on like the conservative show
so he was saying like oh well destiny
you're a disingenuous debater you're
just using extreme hypotheticals you're
trying to trick me or trap me or play
gotchas you're like the ben shapiro of
the lot it was like everything i ever
heard from like all the conservatives
and like all right as i debate it's like
oh okay yeah and so it's like i'm at
that i ah god damn it dude like this
it's so important that is like oh they
don't know my whole argument was like
semantics certain you can watch it the
important thing to take away from my
video though and especially cuz we
almost gonna do it here is like I'm not
defending Kamala Harris and any of my
tags I'm not saying that what she did
was right or wrong I just heard I just
completely disagreed with the way that
Hasan was framing it like another
example of this is like because in the
next day I went over a video that he did
on Pete
Buddha judge and one of the one of the
things that Pete said was
he didn't feel comfortable making
education free for everybody because he
didn't like the idea of making
working-class people paying for
education for people that are going to
survive he cut out a very critical point
there Oh what if they didn't didn't
believe in what again I'm sorry
education for everyone but okay yeah so
Buddha judge said he didn't want
working-class Americans that had never
gone to college or had the opportunity
to do so to pay a tax for repeat for
people who were going to go to college
he said that didn't feel right it didn't
feel very progressive to him right
that's a quote that Buddha judge had
does that quote make sense yeah so like
you know we can take issue with whether
or not that's a good take or a bad take
or what happened it wouldn't happen but
asan's massan's waive his treatment of
that quote was Oh Buddha judge thinks
that going to college is for elitists
it's like wait what like that like this
is the kind of like and it feels like
and then I kind of like I went through
and I looked at like some number it was
like okay so anytime like anytime a
Democratic candidate gets like a surge
in the polls like there's like some
Twitter thread that it's not as going
through until I completely and totally
[ __ ] on like whoever that candidate is
and I don't know they just think that
the framing of all those things like
really bothered me and so I basically I
said that it's not basically like you're
you engage in like a form of propaganda
and that seems to be like what you do is
you're just like are trying to like suit
like a political narrative and then
whatever fits into that you agree with
whatever's outside of that you can't
even like entertain and then he said
that I am just like the bench for the
left and like debates are just a big
joke and everything I do is stupid
anyway and I've only been in politics
for a few years I should say so like
that was pretty much like where we left
off them so yeah yeah you uh
yikes JA y'all they opted throw out some
deep accusations here ah [ __ ] I have
to
amantha this [ __ ] washi shed at this
point to have more to say on and I guess
cuz now just a he-said she-said or
whatever yeah I mean there's like
there's a three-hour video I think that
I posted there got post on my channel
like two hours ago or I'm sorry two days
ago which I think has like our main
debate and from that debate that's
pretty much where everything kind of
like sprung from yeah well okay so let
me let me let me bring it to a positive
light here what would you what is the
best-case scenario you would do what you
wouldn't like to see happen for
things to resolve in a peaceful manner
or a repairing of the relationship I
like conclusion the thing that sucks is
that like I think that I can I think I
can be like friends with a son in real
life that like hangs out and [ __ ]
although it's hard he always wants to
talk about politics with everybody the
ABCs but like the thing is is that like
it's hard because I feel like it's
impossible to criticize his positions
like anytime we've gotten into an
argument over a debate or something like
it gets like really personal like really
quickly with them and like and I'm just
saying this you could be the judge of
this yourself it's possible that I'm
biased or whatever or I'm ego driven our
people say I've got a big ego pride
whatever you can watch the debate that
we had two days ago but like if you
watch that debate and you've watched
enough debate sent me to see how I did
it like people on the right like I am
very gentle in this conversation and he
gets so [ __ ] angry like so quick and
like I feel like I'm like being pretty
gentle compared to like most of the
people that I deal with like I'm usually
laughing at people or saying straight
out like you're being a [ __ ] idiot
but like I led to me I thought the
debate that I had like to whatever was
like three three days ago I was being
like pretty gentle before he got like
insanely lucky heated and it's like what
I don't know whatever okay so you're
you're not wrong that's probably my one
my biggest critique of Hassan is that he
does get very emotional I mean a super
emotional that's and that's like his
thing that's actually that's actually
why I think is a big troll problem on
his on his job right now because he like
in atheism not just like kind of a
reaction gives him like a satisfying
reaction like who like he falls for bait
and then like gives him like a fool like
you know I'm so [ __ ] you know I'm
starting price personally actually but
yeah you eat people openly announced
today he's upset and mad and it's like I
imagine that the the the the 13 year old
nib aside is like you know just you know
kick got him so I feel like he has a
ways to go I'm being able to like be
above the manipulation of anonymous
shooters in his chat but uh and then I I
do have to agree on your end with the
fact that you uh you are gentle I mean
um your debate style from 2015 and now
is definitely gotten a wave or polished
and that you like more definitively
do try to establish a framing that your
opponent can can understand and by that
I mean that you would like you let your
opponent completely state what their
argument is and what their spread
effective is and you use that against
them that way it's consistent with what
they framed in the first place uh-huh
rabitor just like bring your own framing
into it yeah but like one thing that I
notice it looks like I don't feel shitty
to say but like most conservatives like
the joke that I always say is like
conservatives are always two questions
away from collapse like if I start
asking them a few questions to test like
the consistency of what they believe
they usually completely utterly fall
apart or they totally collapse in on
themselves and then like but like I feel
like it's pretty similar with assan and
I did it for the first time today it was
like okay well let's ask a couple
questions to feel like you so like here
it's like an example and again I'm
warning you you can watch all of this on
your stream actually it's like it's even
after noon maybe after those all host
viewing oh [ __ ] I'll watch it and
everybody can join you and you can ride
the drummer train but like so like and
one of the one of the conversations we
got about had to do with the kids
getting deported by ice for being
reported for committing crimes right
from and so I said my question was like
deep do you think that like schools I
don't remember what it was but it had it
was like you think schools just
shouldn't call the police if like
children are fighting and he was like
well no I don't think they should I
don't think schools should ever call the
police I was like wait really do you not
think that like do you think you should
ever call the police in general for
something and he was like no I don't
think you should ever call the police
generally and then I think people are
telling me that he like backed out of
that eventually or something maybe he
did and I missed it I admit that but I
am but so when he said that that's what
I heard I was like well hold on damn
that's a really extreme statement I
don't think he could possibly that so I
started asking a couple hypotheticals to
test that assertion like okay well let's
say a woman gets raped should she be
allowed to go to the cops and if she
does is she responsible for somebody
getting deported and like ultimately he
was like well yeah I think she can go to
the cops of course but if somebody gets
deported she's partially responsible so
I kind of so I tried to use like a
gentler hypotheticals like oh well let's
say you're walking down the alley and
there were like two people following you
and you're a woman and you maybe you're
worried that they're gonna like try
something do you think she can call the
cops or would she be like would she be
liable if they got deported because they
might be illegal immigrants and assad's
answered to me there was
while I wouldn't call the cops which is
like a really Weasley way of not answer
the quick and so like the feeling I got
when I would ask my but that it was a
feeling I was getting is like okay so
like it sounds like you don't have these
positions thought out at all and you're
really uncomfortable answering my
hypotheticals cuz it's gonna commit you
to a position that you know you can't
defend and that happened like two or
three times and I could feel like the
like the frustration on his unmounting I
was like okay whatever and that's why at
the end he started throwing out the like
oh you're just playing semantics games
and whatever and it's like okay yeah I
wish I I wish I had more I can go on
here I I know so little and I didn't
watch the whole thing and I I don't have
an information to like really have a
take from it other than just what you're
saying and and I just take at the value
that it's coming from your perspective
and yet like I said it's like a favorite
thing you can watch after you what I
think you'll need to get like an hour
intuitive really see what's going on let
me just on this one thing here I know
you said the the the booty the boot but
it's his name like yeah boo to judge I
you say that wasn't a big deal but
that's the one thing that everyone's
brought to me here did do you find that
that was a homophobic slur is that was
that that was that really that big of
towards the end of my stream somebody
brought up somebody towards the enemy
stream somebody brought up like do you
think Buddha judge is a homophobic slur
whatever and I was like no I don't know
that sounds judges home folks I think
now it sounds what do you mean I don't
think so
and then somebody brought up the fact
that Pete is gay and I didn't know that
and hearing that Pete is gay now maybe
I've gone too far down the walk
progressive identity politics right or
whatever hearing the penis gay I was
like oh well hold on [ __ ] I don't know
if I would be comfortable if a guy's
last name was like was like Buddha judge
and I knew that he was gay I don't know
if I'd be comfortable saying like hey
what's up booty judge like maybe I've
seen too much gachy gasm [ __ ] or
whatever like yeah that that actually
does like that really hits me the wrong
way and I think the examples I give I
was like if somebody was called like
David like Osmond or whatever and I
found it he was gay I would be really
uncomfortable calling him like david ass
man
right maybe he was straight i wouldn't
feel the same but i don't know maybe
just just because of everything having
to do with gay people like I don't think
like making jokes about like ass
like body parts whatever we like in
Gapers doesn't seem like a good idea to
me it feels like it feels like one of
those things so like what I just said I
feel like moderately strong about this
is something I feel very strongly about
if steven crowder or somebody if Pete
was like the Democratic frontrunner and
somebody like Crowder was saying so here
we have Pete bootie judge we're gonna
talk about him today I would be like
okay like that's homophobia is [ __ ] yeah
mmmm okay well Crowder seeing it and I
feel like random one of us political
twitch streamers saying it I feels like
a to different context is a little bit
there but I disagree with what you just
said so like when you say two different
contexts these are this is the gamer
word argument right and I don't agree
with that like the idea that like so I
should be able to call my friend and Ed
slur cuz the context is way different
right you know I'm LGBT friendly right
we never let those arguments slide in
other places why do we use the context
recomment here that feels like like a
betrayal of principle because we're
trying to push a political agenda that's
what it feels like to me well I guess
more amusing the UH like the the context
of past actions like we kind of know
Crowder is like questionable to say the
least here so we have a like would you
would you let me slide by on context if
I wanted to cut start calling people
like F slurs like would that be okay
because you know I'm LGBT friendly like
mmm yeah no I wouldn't but like yeah so
like if you wouldn't let it site there
why would you be okay with somebody
calling somebody booty judge as making
fun of their name explicitly like if
with if it could be seen homophobe away
like why would you be okay with one
person if you know they're so my dad
came over here so I didn't think of I
don't think of bootie judge it's like
anything to do with actual boots more
that that's what his name sounds like
the name sounds like you're saying the
two words bootie and judge so just like
easier to say in that way so you say for
fun I did also didn't know he was gay
until like after his first Town Hall on
CNN I did I have called him bootie judge
on my stream no but that's because like
he said some very stupid [ __ ] in the
past about like how we need to be like
less policy oriented and and be
and try to figure out what like what are
what our faith as a nation needs to be
to come together you know some some some
some crisis religiosity and for that
reason I'm like okay well he's kind of a
shitty candidates I don't really care
about anymore so that at that point if
this regarded him as Budi judge because
it was just like you know just me
comical Canada at that point nothing to
do with them being gay and they didn't
even know he was gay at that time yeah
say my I didn't know until like a day or
two ago like I had no idea but it's just
one of those things and like I said like
at the time like I don't I didn't think
it was easy to like I wasn't like oh
like asanas homophobic blah blah blah
it's a horrible personally I just I was
like oh yeah like I could if Lee said me
over like I would never do that I think
it's a bad idea I can understand people
I got in Kok Alinsky started it I don't
think a sign is homophobic or does the
issue here is like whenever whenever you
cry something to this caliber of
oversensitivity I feel like it's the
same thing as 2016 election whenever
whenever if Bert never Bernie
interrupted Hillary at I want to do them
primary debates and then they were
calling Bernie sexist and it's like so
what what can you do then when you're
when you're that level of oversensitive
and over-reading into what is a basic
action well I don't think I don't think
Bernie was ever being sexist but like so
like here's like here's the outlook that
I'm that I'm looking on right like let's
say for instance like Pete becomes like
the Democratic frontrunner and now like
all of these other people like steven
crowder and stefan molyneux and like
trump or whatever like are calling him
like the booty judge right oh here's
this gay candidate right this gay guy
the booty judge right how are you ever
going to be like hold on like you can't
call a booty judge that's pink really
homophobic how can you ever say that
when everybody on the left's been using
booty judge as a way to disparage him
right you have no leg to stand on like
it just seems like a real dumb way to
like attack a candidate I don't know and
like I think I like like I made a post
on my subreddit just kind of like
summarizing position again to be fair
like this isn't something I don't think
this is like worth like murdering
someone over like I think it's a
worsening the world it just seems like
one of those things where it's like it
seems like a pretty obvious thing to not
like I don't know calling a gay guy with
the last name Buddha judge booty judge
just seems like a dumb way to do it like
I think of the thread that I made
there's like two piling like two
examples of like actually homophobic
people like using booty judges like a
like a slur it's like people can do it
like
why like why empower people with it I
don't know that stuff is just like my
point of view again I'd say it's more of
a judgment of character rather than a
judgment their sexual orientation so I I
guess you could say booty judge I mean I
mean photo I wouldn't even say the
problem the thing here is like I don't
see booty justice explicitly like of
sexual orientation I can see straight
people being like judging booty you know
you're you know you know if you're a sir
mix-a-lot and you drop in a 20-19 track
yeah you you know you you [ __ ]
you a booty judge okay like you could
say that but like what if I'm like what
if I what if like if somebody like
steven crowder were to say something
like Pete that guy is such a piece of
[ __ ] like I can tell that [ __ ] you
know is like a huge democratic show
right like sucking dick isn't like a gay
thing but like would you feel the same
way would that be would you have that
same defense like well okay like I need
more women probably suck dick than man
like I wouldn't feel like that's
homophobic at all or would you be like
oh [ __ ] I don't know like when Crowder
says that like I don't know how I would
feel about that you know like I don't
know like it just seems like one of
those things where it's like hmm I see
you going with the principle stuff here
and I keep coming back to the fact that
if Crowder said it's a different things
I know I know the pre-existing context
of who that character is compared to
another person saying it but I kind of
like drawl is like a intent X character
judgment kind of so it's a I mean that
could be mean I mean I'm not winning it
on a principled basis here but how I
would interpret anything how most would
interpret it is like it's a little bit
different there yeah I mean again it's
not like none of my arguments with the
summer hinging on this but I know Russ
is something that I might bind with but
no but yeah like I mean I but I do okay
the one thing I will say here is that
yeah if if Pete became like the front
runner
I think he'd nanus lead at that point
yeah you'd want to like I think everyone
would turn off the bootie judge or just
like not making me like because he's
like the first openly gay Democratic
primary to make it this far there's like
there's obviously you know the the
priority to not come off in any kind of
way
anti-gay homophobic so yeah the people
just lay off just because of the respect
of having just having the advocacy for
openly gay people to not be harassed
whether it be in public office or
whatever like that greater good
outweighs um you know I guess maybe
being edgy a little bit by saying
booty-booty judge or whatever um I do
grieve though I mean I mean you say
[ __ ] in yeah that that is like a
that does come off is kind of derogatory
so yeah you're right I wouldn't I
wouldn't say that but I also I wouldn't
equate booty judge to [ __ ] either
though but now we're getting to some
like really you know yeah I don't think
that quite the same but it's like it's
something it's so easy to avoid I don't
know like why why go down that road I
don't know that's just me
okay no you got fair point I guess it's
nothing I'll keep in mind but again it's
more because like he said some really
dumb [ __ ] and that's whenever I've wrote
him off as a trash candidate because
again he was like advocating that we
have that you know the do literally went
on [ __ ] what was at the town hall
marathon see and it wasn't the UH was
the the first the debates that we had uh
you know the couple weeks back here
where he just like you know again had no
policy specific specific if I recall
correctly even you said like when his
answer was to uh to the incidence with
when he was mayor with the whole with
the the cop and the cop firing and
everything else like he just like didn't
even like really deliver on that whole
thing they're just like kind of like
admitted yeah I'm at fault but you know
still vote for me anyway so I don't know
just again that the the effectiveness of
his candidacy is what kind of dictated
me that he was a joke and by the joke I
just took his name and said you know
that what it is what it sounds like
Goethe judge didn't go from there
sure but you know I but again we were
kind of making up a moot point now going
in a circle here but just uh that was
the one thing that I had heard about
from the entirety of the beef that I was
like okay I'm gonna try to change from
that a little bit because I feel like if
if if it is as it was explained to me
here then that's kind of like again kind
of look back here to the 2016 stuff so
I'm not really a fan of that kind of
thing yeah because uh I mean if just
like if just interrupting a woman even
if they're like blatantly lying or Gish
galloping during said debate is being
sexist well good golly goddamn dude who
happens a
where do we go from there like that
that's a very dangerous slippery slope
at that point yeah for sure especially
if they're especially the said woman's
being a particularly disingenuous so
wait.you I'm curious do you know what
you don't fire that police chief because
the police chief had unauthorized
recordings of private conversations
without legal consent right yeah
supposedly there was an FBI
investigation on the police chief yeah
right and and the fact was that but what
was discovered from those recordings did
prove that there was a fraudulent
activity in the police department I
don't think so
no none of that ever got to court Pete
himself was never actually even there
even like everything was settled out on
autism no everything was settled out of
court
I think be the minutes of which which
would be the minutes of what though well
I was like well it could be that the
peep wanted it to go away and didn't
want to waste city resources fighting it
or whatever but I believe that part of
the settlement you can fact check that
somebody Chad if I'm wrong but I believe
that part of the settlement was the
officers explicitly stating that no
racist material had been heard although
I think there was one prosecutor that
came out and said that she felt she had
heard racist stuff so I don't know
likely where it I can say him
hey they get conspiratorial on that into
here but I mean there's been there's
been times where cops have been like
freed of charges are not acquitted on
[ __ ] anything on things that were
like super like super suspect floor or
anything like that yeah for sure the way
with hope so it's I don't know whenever
it's like punishing like PD violations
it seems like it's like I don't know I
don't know it's I I don't have I guess
I'm kind of going and building any right
now is I don't have like any citation to
like bring it to that tangible means but
like [ __ ] dude I don't know about that
one yeah I'm not sure yeah it seemed
pretty messy like everything was like
pretty [ __ ] yeah but I bet it but
that's another one where I thought I
just I don't know dude I just don't like
the framing of um I don't like the
framing like peek fired the black mirror
or the peed the mare fired the black
police chief right it's probably cuz
he's a really racist
it's like I don't know if that's
necessarily fair like pica blindsided
finding out the police chief was like
under investigation by the FBI oh yes
well that's what some people what it is
right yeah okay no so I don't agree with
that I don't agree that I wouldn't look
at it as a racist Engel I look at it as
it's incompetent like it was another bad
call like possibly yeah
I mean I hath like read further into the
specifically of how those recordings
were executed everything else here but
like I often II police department reform
there's clearly has hesitation for any
kind of base any kind of basis for
transparency whether it be like body
cams or like our evidence bags or just
like trying to double down on like
exploiting areas that have like a have
[Music]
what's that what's a call whenever the
the demographics are flipped and it's
like you know majority non non black
cops patrolling majority black areas oh
they call it the goal is to have like a
police force that resembles your
community or whatever I don't know the
terms assume you're looking for us but I
know what you're talking about like you
don't want to have like a ninety nine
mark all right Charleston on it it's
like it's like some it's like somewhere
problematic by Charleston where it's
like majority majority black population
with the with a almost exclusively white
police force and then just yeah but yeah
yeah you could get it though yeah but
like yeah so somebody trapped Agnes body
cams racial bias training community
policing efforts all started at South
Bend Police from because of mayor Pete
I've heard makes things unlike the
effort that he's tried to have in terms
of like like racial unity and racial
division in a city but they were similar
stuff on calmly Harris to like related
to that law related to illegal
immigrants where like she is like
historically like supported repealing
the behind or the Hyde Amendment as to
be the portion I think the Planned
Parenthood and abortion stuff she's but
she's historically supported like
dreamers and stuff related to the daca
stuff I think I think pomalyst said on
day one that when she got into office
her first thing would be like
reinstating daca by executive order if
Congress wouldn't do it so like the
framing that like oh she hates illegal
immigrants is like well I don't know if
that's fair like I feel like things are
just a little bit more complicated like
my kind of like my overall complaint
with politics like the reason why I got
into it actually like four years ago is
I always felt like all the conversations
were so disingenuous like I think that
like policy is really
and being a politician is really hard
and all this [ __ ] is so complicated that
like it's not as easy as justice that
like this person did this thing because
they hate black people or hated legal
immigrants like well there's probably a
lot more going on here that's worth
discussing and like those conversations
just get totally blown over because it's
like Oh Kamala Harris well she's the
person that uses the police to rape and
murder women and children so what do you
think about her she's horrible think
okay she's a she can in my opinion but
those are the reasons I would even like
the dwell on their this just like
blatantly Todd corruption - it's a
private prisons and for that reason
alone you're already like way out of my
reach yeah for sure yeah to be clear I'm
sorry to be clear because I'm sure I'm
not defending kumble here she might be a
[ __ ] ice candidate I haven't looked into
her that much
but the attacks that I did see against
her by her son were just totally [ __ ]
horrible
but yeah it might be that she's like
super [ __ ] am I in the favorite
candidates and I still polling for or
right now are Bernie and I lose it
before anyway so yep that would be a my
two as well um in that order the [ __ ]
was I not supposed to hear you he
brought the the Hyde Amendment right and
that was the thing she's pulling for in
the this is more like a minor minor
nitpick that's one that is specified on
my and not anything about you here but I
believe that question was one of those
like that the format on that on that dim
on the on the dim the base age was so
[ __ ] terrible they these thing when
they ask the questions like specifically
that one was like fun about like you
know what what are you gonna do in your
first hundred days and it's like oh my
god they're such a [ __ ] shitty
question dude I'm not a fan of it's like
it's it's so wet noodle blanket wide
like that you can you can just kind of
like shoot anything shoot like a gun in
the air and you can call call the sky
the target you know I'm gonna do things
at the end like but what's that get
executed you know what can you do short
of like a executive order and like hope
the [ __ ] that you got like your cabinets
and check to be able to like do anything
within reason you know cuz given given
that the given that the midterms here
didn't didn't go and then go super duper
left to here so it's still like still
pretty then mixed or stagnant or
Republican majority in most of them so
yeah sure
hmm honest ones like bring em like that
so I mean I that question about the
height of notes just like that amongst
us I'm like okay this is like a you
don't get anything out of it there's no
concrete there that's kind of
frustrating though okay all right did
you have any final any final thoughts
for us buddy no again I'm obviously
watching right now I'm sorry I couldn't
uh couldn't couldn't bring any like
interesting takes our insight into the
whole operation here
I haven't heard a saw inside and I
haven't watched the the the bots oh I
have I'm lacking dire context here but I
said one could call the Booch for not
bringing it up so I'm glad you let you
work cooperative then let me uh let me
let me hear your side at least you know
I'll always cooperate with the
authorities don't worry buddy if you
have any more questions you got my oh my
god dude yeah you know your rights
[ __ ] yeah no uh no ma'am uh now do ya I
want you to get some sleep man you seem
uh you seem you seem trained and it's
just this place is so [ __ ] weird like
do you see my oh my scream oh no I don't
know you know do real quick this is the
outside right now you see here you know
what wait is this your first time in
Sweden yeah okay guys okay right all
right on that note here this question I
got for you what is in your American POV
what was weirded you out the most what
is on my skin right now so I see you're
pointing out a window what am I looking
at [ __ ] midnight dude it's 11:40 at
night hey it's the Sun like never
[ __ ] sets here it's really [ __ ]
weird it's like there's literally like
four hours of night telling I've been
waking up at like 5:00 a.m. like every
day and like the Sun is like out and
shining and it's like it's yet really
[ __ ] weird
it's Sweden is Sweden that high on the
on the globe location like I know uh I
know it Alaska has a similar problem
with that we're like sunsets last like
three weeks long and [ __ ] like that
so yeah it's real [ __ ] weird hmm is
that the only thing though I didn't have
any like cultural observations that
maybe like you've learned from Sweden to
America
roundabouts are really cool
I wish every time I'm in Europe or in
any non-american country I don't know
why we don't have more roundabouts and
makes intersection so much better
he said roundabouts yeah roundabouts I
think everything here Americans can't
drive do the mirrors Oh Mary don't know
what the [ __ ] word you yeah I know
but like that's why roundabouts are
better right you don't have to know how
to like navigating a roundabout is so
much easier and more intuitive than
navigating like stop signs like it's so
much easier and it's so much better for
traffic so you don't have to know like
what the [ __ ] you doing you just you
drive in is anybody gonna hit you to the
line no please go [ __ ] it through wreck
it like it's easy
the you're not wrong the irony here is
the fact that like Americans are
professionals at the [ __ ] California
stop you know it's like all right it
stops fine yeah whatever I'm good to go
like you you want you you're yielding
anyway but then when there's a yield you
don't even [ __ ] look you just like oh
I get ride away [ __ ] you [ __ ]
dude like have you ever had someone like
your get on the highway you have ride
away there in the yield lane and then
they're [ __ ] forget I even looking to
check if that if that there would be
anything else actually it's like in
California so you're in a different part
of the country in California people
actually respect turn signals like a
[ __ ]
it was just setting up notice and it was
really hard because I driven to
California so it was really hard to
drive in Nebraska after driving in
California when you're in California and
you turn on a signal people know you're
gonna [ __ ] merge right like it was
actually crazy like I because it took me
a lot to get used to in California if I
turn on a signal even I'm at like the
front of a line of cars they'll respect
it you can edge in there and you'll
[ __ ] be in when you're in the Midwest
and you turn on a signal people will
[ __ ] fight you for your lane
it is horrible dude when you yeah when
you're in the Midwest you're driving and
you turn on your signal that guy behind
you is speeding the [ __ ] up every time
and like what the [ __ ] but like in
California I'll be driving and dude it
took me so long again I'll be like oh
dude like there's no way there's no way
I can get in here like I'm never gonna
get it like I'll try I turned on my
signal I start to get is like oh [ __ ]
like this [ __ ] is letting him
and they don't even like wave or
anything in California they just like
expect it and it's like holy [ __ ] oh my
god dude boy you see the problem is
there's like you know this California
like it so much congestion you can't you
can't you can't really be territorial
but you know when you're out in more
rural roading areas like my lane rows
with
oh [ __ ] these truck nuts you yeah and
then just like so we're trying to get
anywhere today they view any kind of
Lane invasion that's cutting them off
like they're so territorial hot-tempered
little little chihuahua ballsack little
[ __ ] dude it's so [ __ ] annoying dude
oh my god yeah sorry it's Meg annoying
I'll go further here for you if I if I
had Thanos's [ __ ] snap dude I would
get rid of dude give I want Michigan
laughs [ __ ] nationwide and
roundabouts everywhere what are Michigan
less Michigan left's are are it's
actually where you can't do left turns
raw out of over intersections do you
know you have like man is there like a
turn signal for all of them you what you
do is you turn right and there's gonna
be in the adjacent you turn a good thing
in the road dude I do this I do this I I
actually trademarked this move people
might read hate this it's called the
it's called the right turn u-turn yeah
if you're trying to turn left head of
red light and you know it's gonna be
like a [ __ ] two-minute light you
[ __ ] right there you [ __ ] flip
around u-turn hell yeah baby
people get though trigger to this it's
like 2:00 a.m. and you're in you're
riding through like an in the city like
you [ __ ] dude do [ __ ] it bro I'm
pretty sure it got a couple play over
this you do that [ __ ] I'm pretty sure
right so but you're also even if you're
smart you're not gonna do and there's
like come from yeah if you want that
real grime dude um you know you I knew a
friend who would actually like go
through gas stations like if you had to
turn right at a light and it was no oh
it cut through the parking lot or ever
yeah just cut through the parking lot I
did like [ __ ] it bro like get her done
I'm not gonna lie actually I've done
this before as well here when I used to
do that a couple times
mercy student dude like I do I had to
add like [ __ ] add to go man like I'm
trying to beat traffic through that I
didn't give a [ __ ] I would do how to do
to get the hell out of there I've done
that before but I don't do it anymore
because usually or what can happen is if
you pass you like the gas station
parking lot as soon as you go through
cars are coming from like the other
stoplight and then by the
time they're done people are turning
right from the last night you were at
and then all of a sudden you're waiting
for cars that you were behind to go past
you while you're waiting in the gas
station file your parking lot so I found
like in those situations it's better to
just follow the [ __ ] traffic unless
he's like exceptional [ __ ] going on Sam
sounds like you're a beta and you didn't
the floor to get your way in there boy
maybe I Drive small cars okay you are
right you can't get double-cooked if you
don't like hit that gap after the right
turn the the right turn traffic it goes
through when you're waiting at the well
might wait the fact I'm even telling you
and breaking down to you the meta of gas
station cutting means that I'm obviously
an [ __ ] when I Drive like a [ __ ]
dick in first place wait okay hold on I
got okay I'm gonna ask you I'm gonna ask
you a superheated question okay okay do
you remember the portal question yes the
dropper yeah this is more heated this is
more heated than the portal question
okay are you ready okay you're about to
either gain a lot of fans that lose a
lot of fans so be careful how you answer
this all right mmm-hmm okay let's say
that you're at a four ways have you ever
been at like a backed-up
like 4-way stop before like a four-way
stop sign where it's like traffic in all
directions yes okay yeah where you have
to inspect who's who's leaving who's
kind of yeah so like yeah when you get
to these intersections I'm just curious
how traffic seems to go for you there's
one of two options either one you get to
the intersection and then you try to
figure out like well who stopped first
and then that person is the right-of-way
then you go by based on who stopped
first or two it just seems like the
opposites are always going so the guy in
front of you goes and you go then the
guy to the left and right go and on the
front because of the people that are
like body blocking the other
intersections which which do you think
tends to happen more wait which one do I
tend to do more well like for what do
you what do you ten what do you tend to
like see happen more oh I do I do the
Alpha thing dude if um if I pulled up
forth and the guy coming straight across
towards me is going I'm gonna go with
him we're talking about
I confess the wrong thing right now or
did I uh that's what hot ever sent how
it works that's my answer but everybody
my chat is gonna [ __ ] catch it oh
yeah but like okay okay so hold on let
me restate we just that's we completely
understand each other so you're coming
up to an intersection there are people
to the left to the right of you
they might have gotten there before you
but if the guy in front of you is going
cuz he's there first you're always going
because because the left and right guys
aren't going you're gonna go because I
paralyzed it they literally can't go
yeah mark this straight I can I can go
yeah okay that's all I wanted buddy ah
okay you know good job you're not at
risk of gonna cancel if you're the buddy
if you're like half alpha you um okay if
you're going straight in the guy coming
towards also going straight yeah that's
a it's pretty fair there if you're like
Giga alpha though if he's going straight
and you're going right yeah you can [ __ ]
and go right to if you want honest yeah
for sure yeah of course yeah cuz he's
bought it he's bloody bucket right yeah
[ __ ] like wait real quick just one
final thing link the picture guys just
so we're 100 millions on the same page
link a picture okay I know I know what
you're talking I mean I I understand
you're talking about no I've done it
before all you didn't give you one
better you want you want dog a what I
described to you was like I told you
like you know semi alpha and then Giga
alpha you allow me to give you you you
gonna give you may give you hyper alpha
okay so you're in a you have a five lane
road you know two lanes one two lanes
opposing two lanes going towards and the
turning link right traffic white you're
on green yield the moat the hyper outfit
you can do at that point is like a if
traffic is congested you cannot get your
turn on the green yield and it turns
yellow what do you do what you should
have done is pulled out of the
intersection
yeah yeah and just like when it's yellow
going the red they can't run the white
because it's confirm it's already gonna
be red in there in your blocking
everything it sounds literally swallowed
by your presence blocking all
intersections yeah of course read
beautifully pass to the termite you know
my favorite thing about my favorite
thing about LA is that people do that to
it of light so like in other places
generally one person pulls onto the
intersection in LA it's always - -
people are always going through at a red
light I love it oh oh do ya
yellow means floor it man like there I
bet there are some lights we're like
sometimes you get like a four second
yellow or like a seven second yellow but
like dude yellow means
[ __ ] go dueling a robot [ __ ] okay
weird I don't condone that I get down
the left-turn step & hongcun don't floor
it on yellow wait where is um somebody
linked a picture of the a and B the
graphs I broke quick yeah we recall me
like a kamikaze here oh I only do this
on lights I'm familiar with around Rama
I've been a foreign area I wouldn't I
wouldn't I wouldn't like cheese and on
yellows cuz some yellows are like you
know sub 3 seconds but like 4 to 7
seconds if you if you're already going
you can get in there okay
okay I'm just waiting for this picture
in a no and then we'll be done with this
okay hold on
yeah sure I mean look I'm getting worse
my my chat here but letting you know you
don't know y'all know is true y'all just
beta did your don't you need to be done
itis you're gonna get so much hit over
this I argue this for like two days and
I think my chat was like 70% against me
do you like California drivers to be
honest I kind of think they count like
the driving in LA is actually okay I
don't think I've seen like horrible
[ __ ] they're pretty aggressive but
like me I don't know what was right but
like the worst [ __ ] I saw dude Miami is
[ __ ] insane I don't know if I'm
racist or what but oh my god dude
Hispanic people driving on [ __ ]
highway 1 Miami that [ __ ] is a [ __ ]
nightmare those [ __ ] are crazy
like in LA there's a lot of traffic and
it sucks I'm using white but when you
say crazy we're talking like like blind
blind spot lane change not a [ __ ] given
like it's ma it's the highway it's my
way like this is what I'm talking about
this is what I'm talking about this what
I've had this had me multiple times so
remember what we just talked about like
you pull out into the intersection to
make a left turn right and you're
waiting there to make a left turn for to
clear and and Miami people will pull out
in front of you
while you're doing that to turn it yeah
we'll be in the middle the intersection
way to look and so we'll pull in front
of you to turn luck your buddy what the
[ __ ] just happened or sometimes this
habit 'meme sort of God you might be in
the middle lane about to go straight and
then the light turns green and a student
is a turns green the guy to the left of
you floors it because he's try to turn
right so he'll get in front of you
oh yeah no dude it is Grice is crazy
people in Miami drive like [ __ ] crazy
it is armed blades on another level it's
another level of drug it's like GTA [ __ ]
yeah yeah I don't know I can make turns
through the center lane the [ __ ] you
talking about boy I'm gonna show you how
to get her doing it okay wait okay so
real quick just as a final a final quick
thing okay here are the pictures what of
these two pictures yeah which one do you
think would naturally happens at like
intersections me uh okay so so a
relevant of what I do here ask me how
what do I think happens yeah what like
gym or like what should happen I guess
sir what do you think happens honestly
yeah BB happens we're like people it's
completely stagnant it's very basic
everyone's arguing over who stopped
first and everyone's just like not
agreeing on that and you got some people
are doing like double because some
people the problem here is that some
people are trained properly to do the
correct double stop I stopped at a stop
sign
what's the people like that came and
went in the driver's ed test and you ban
that real quick here so you know we have
the do you have a non consistent
standard of double stops and single
stops and yet to determine like you know
who stopped first and everyone's just
kind of like hardened what to do oh so
you think D happens more but but you
would advocate for a correct okay
interesting
I feel like I feel like I see a happen
more when I Drive in Nebraska like it
was always just opposites going but okay
yeah just curious yeah um it kind of
depends on what kind of driver you are
too though this is kind of more of like
a personality based thing then I would
say a region based thing cuz if you're
like if you're self-centered or
narcissistic or just like an aggressive
driver aggressive person you're gonna
definitely go for a opportunities if you
can but if you if you're gonna call back
to like what is spec um you probably
would you be I mean I don't know
honestly I think legally B might be spec
I'm not sure but like oh my god it's so
cool I can be like watching that guy go
watching that guy was o watching that
guy in B go straight and then waiting
for the guy across the street to go
straight because he's waiting for the
guy to the lots of him to go is like so
cocked it's so stupid but um oh yeah but
legally
yeah no one goes if like flex stop signs
legally or [ __ ] it's a nightmare okay
[ __ ] that [ __ ] really means roundabouts
man their [ __ ] lid dude there they
are they are sick oh my god I cannot
wait for uh dude [ __ ] when in twenty
thirty whenever Andrew King actually
wins and you like says you know what
[ __ ] they we're gonna have eradicated
all all stop signs they're all gonna be
runabouts now yeah can't wait okay I do
all right well hey listen tell everybody
it's been fun yeah yeah do good [ __ ] man
I'll see you next week maybe if you uh
maybe something maybe possibly yeah sure
have fun peace out dude
I mean later had a big announcement for
a new product and it was boxes Dubai
