hello mr. woggels yo what's going I'm
sorry I had myself muted what's going on
homey nothing much my dude
so I heard I heard you you ought to
throw down in debate um yeah if you want
to oh I'm all about it I just I'm a kind
of a kind of early small streamer though
so your boy your boys gonna be kind of
nervous oh that's okay buddy all right
all right so my topic with your no no
we're not gonna be doing your chats
every time one of your viewers came into
my stream Oh giant trying to argue about
how what's it called here let me let me
go ahead and hold on me I'll scare
myself in my screen so my stream can get
a good look at this all right so
basically he came in saying before the
first argument was that Nazis are and
leftist like I told them that Nazis have
more in common with being on the left
side of spectrum than they would with
being on the right side of spectrum and
he proceeded to lose that debate with me
and then do your little incest debate
which I've seen before and I think it's
kind of [ __ ] he tried to call me and
all right with all these all right
talking points but then pulled out one a
year talking points
to fight that so yeah actually do both
of these arguments are incredibly easy
for my point of view so we can do either
one whatever I want to do III would
honestly like to do the the the why
Nazis are more on the left side of
spectrum then then then on the right
yeah if you want to share if you want to
i don't i'm very curious go for it all
right so my my most most people would
win when they go to argue why Nazis are
on the less side of spectrum would be
would be that they are the National
Socialist Party but in reality they're
not then they they're not they didn't
really start up as National Socialists
they originally start off as capitalism
using capitalism under the guise I mean
socialism under the guise of capitalism
to gain all the control they used all
these capitalists promises end up using
all these social programs
instead of instead of actually pushing
capitalism I like they had a lot of like
price-fixing they controlled all the
businesses you have this backwards so
let me just read this real quick so when
I have to debate about it the Nazi
party's precursor the pan-german
nationalist anti-semitic German Workers
Party was founded on the 5th of January
1919 by the early 1920s the party was
renamed the National Socialist German
Workers Party to attract workers away
from left-wing parties such as the
Social Democrats and the Communists and
Adolf Hitler assumed control of the
organization so they originally called
themselves the National Socialists
program because they weren't wearing
what they they weren't socialists though
at the game that usually we're never
socialists like not like the Nazis never
so yeah but but they were they they they
implement many socialists that this if
it wasn't really called socialism wasn't
really popular so they they use
socialism the guys away from capitalism
wait so ok hold on I'm sorry when you
say socialism what do you mean by that I
mean heavy government control I mean
heavy government influence like big
government like they they're involved in
everything they control everything and
they get everything oh sure okay
I look at I look at it like the there's
the middle of a spectrum and as you go
more left you go like you go like
liberal and then you go socialist and
then you go communist over and I think
fascism and Nazism is after would be
after communism because I don't look at
it like as conservatives go more
conservative they want less and less
government intrusion as the liberals go
more and more to the left they want more
and more government concern which is why
I compare that to socialism and
communism and such which is why I think
Nazism and fascism is more on the left
and not to mention more people today on
the left adopt more of the the Nazism
fascism like lifestyle and form of like
trying to silence people and trying to
control people and trying to tell people
that their ideas aren't right or their
opinions aren't right because of their
of what they think that's like that's
kind of how I look yeah I understand you
there's like a lot of like definition
problems going on here though like I
mean like if you redefine things certain
ways you can make it look like it can
can you elaborate more on my definition
problems just so sure like the idea they
they go left you get more and more
government and then on the all the way
on the left is communism well we're
already really [ __ ] because communism
implies a stateless society without a
government so so we're already like in
big trouble there the idea that the
government doing things under a single
party is somehow more left is also kind
of strange because most people consider
like fascism like authoritarian
ultra-nationalism to be a very
right-wing ideology which implies like
single party totalitarian rule yeah
you're right you're like but I'm looking
at it more as as in as times have
progressed like I think I think what
Nazism did differently was that they
brought a lot of anti-semitism and
eugenics into it which kind of took away
from the actual socialism that they were
like the actual government control or
like they were trying to relate to the
communist communist a little bit when
they when they joined Russia or whatever
but uh I'm just looking at it as like in
forms of today that left this on leftist
today have more in common with the Nazis
than people on the right through today
I'm not saying that there's not like
some assist and Nazis all that stuff I'm
just saying that like so then you look
at what's going on today it's just more
like even in like European countries
sure yeah Nazi Party right the Nazi
Party felt like their state was under
attack so they mobilized the country
under a single party rule with a strong
central leader that identified every
minority group as an outsider and an
enemy of the state in order to kind of
muster up support from the majority
people in a state you think this more
closely identifies with the left today
in the United States rather than the
right can you repeat that for me again
sorry sure so the Nazis identify a
strong central leader with the goals of
monopolizing the entire state under
single-party rule right a totalitarian
authoritarian state and they identify
every minority group as enemies of the
state and they you know lock him up in
concentration camps or whatever in order
to kind of like muster up support from
disenfranchised majority you think this
more closely resembles left-wing
politics than right-wing politics in the
United States if you that's kind of a
hard question I don't I don't want to
say that that that in America whites are
kind of treated as a minority in terms
of that because they're really not in
terms of statistically there are more
white people but if you look at it
everyone's kind of against the white
people and it's like overwhelmingly
against the white people
then why do white people run all of the
businesses have all the influence
resemble all the political makeup I
don't know about if you're talking about
every time I influence but black culture
Latino culture has a heavy implication
culture has a heavy influence on them
it's like white people want us about
white people don't have culture but it's
mixed in there but America is heavily
influenced by everyone and that's not
the paychecks of all of the wealthy
black artists and all of the Hispanic
people that do movies I mean like are
you are you gonna really try to make the
argument that white people are like in
big trouble in the United States like
our place in the u.s. is threatened or
no I decides that friend at all I just
think I just think it's more this
they're more discriminated against then
then and and women but the thing is I
mean a bit against how just being white
yeah can you give me like an example of
some systemic like discrimination that
white people in the United States face
it doesn't revolve Twitter like I can
call it to like maybe like sex education
placement school placement loans like I
want to say white people white people
get like [ __ ] on loans no no no I'm
talking about I'm talking about that
minorities get different different loan
rates I'm talking because because of
them same with like it's kind of like
loans and school mixed together when it
comes to like affirmative action type
[ __ ] sure I don't know if I'm making
something about affirmative action but
in that case Asians get [ __ ] more than
white people so I mean that doesn't
always get [ __ ] more than white people
like there's a whole there's a whole
thing like they're there they're always
gonna be the skimming it cuz it's always
a it's always about getting the black
people or Hispanics into this school
because people think that more diversity
is good when in reality you should give
them give it give people the
opportunities based on their
qualifications rather than based on
their race and that's what I think the
problem is is much more that everyone's
just focused on the identitarian part
instead of the actual qualification part
I mean you're the one literally telling
me that white people are the most
discriminated against people in the u.s.
no I'm saying I'm saying they're very
discriminated against about any actual
Beck
not only actual backlash so we can
everyone everyone everyone attacks
everyone attacks anyone you say one
little thing against against any
minority race but the second you see
something against a white person it's
like oh that's okay it's just kind of
like I'm not saying it's yes we can deal
with affirmative we
to deal with affirmative action is a
separate topic but do you think besides
permit of action are there ways that
white people are like systemically
[ __ ] within the United States um no
not that I not nothing
not that I can pull the top of my head I
would have to like look more into that
just because I'm not sure so I never had
never actually looked I've never
actually looked into into like how white
people are oppressed other than don't
you think that's a pretty important part
of like forming an opinion if you think
that white people are the most oppressed
people the United States like well I
well IIIi might have missed where I
think they're most I just think that
that they're they're attacked more than
anyone without any actual backlash on
why why it's wrong to attack people
based on the stem being white because
that seems to be the only argument that
people have just that oh that person's
why I don't like them okay like you see
you see a lot of that without any
backlash but my point is you see a lot
people attacking white people just for
being white but you never actually see
the back you never see the backlash for
that but you say you attacked someone
for just being black or just being
Hispanic or just being Asian everyone
automatically jumps on you and you're
completely like no matter okay wait
let's okay somebody's right for anyway
too much okay let's go back to the very
very first thing that we kind of work
our way through this so firstly the the
Nazi Party was definitely a fascist
party and fascism is definitely an
ideology that is more closely associate
with right-wing politics so like extreme
ultra nationalism or I won't say race
medicine but we'll say extreme
ultra-nationalism authoritarianism it's
generally considered a more right-wing
ideology than a left-wing ideology how
do you get this how do we get Nazis his
left-wing again like in a simple way
like um because Nazi if I compare it
more to socialism as as the Nazis when
they were in control again they were
they they were they price fixed they the
first they said that that they weren't
price fixing but in the background they
were price fixing and they were owning
all the businesses they were telling all
the businesses what to sell what the
purge is how to sell it how to purchase
it they were controlling all of all they
like this is a [ __ ] German word for
it but I can't I can't get it off the
top of my head but uh I look at more of
it like the leftists nowadays people on
the left side of spectrum towards
socialism and communism fascism is after
because your socialism communism so
socialism communism on our on one end of
the political spectrum and fascism
look at communism as for extreme fascism
is way way way on the opposite and like
they don't have related look at that as
a misconception because if you look at
it if you look at it now fascism is all
about government control and having
everything controlled about a gun oh no
no no no you have this very weird like
paradigm of like just you just like use
this weird blanket statement of
government control but fascism implies a
single-party authoritarian totality like
a torrid Aryan totalitarian dictatorship
like this is what fascism means you have
one party with a very strong leader that
is ruling the country that's fascism it
has nothing to do with like that's a
dictatorship sure but it doesn't
necessarily to do with like more
government control like more like social
security or social health care that's
not that's not but I'm not but then okay
but to be fair that the Nazi the Nazis
implemented but not just implemented a
ton of social programs yeah and I'm sure
there a lot of people have implemented
social programs doesn't make you social
and it doesn't make you not fascist like
but that's that's not what I'm saying
I'm saying I'm not compare again like
you're trying to complete with me saying
what leftists were back then and what
Nazis were back then I'm I'm comparing
Nazis back then to the leftist nowadays
and how they how they identified more
with the not like the Nazis could relate
more with the leftist nowadays than
people on the right just because the
people on the left want the government
to control everything they want
government to fund everything they want
the government to do everything for
everyone which is what the Nazis did
let's just start let's just let's just
start reading and we can see who can
think of more examples from sorry
so Nazism is a form of fascism and
showed that ideologies disdain for
liberal democracy and the parliamentary
system so I would point where somebody
like Donald Trump today has threatened
to mobilize the military in order to
build the wall to the south because he's
unhappy with the way Congress is voting
do you think that could be a decent
example of a fascist policy or Trump
unilaterally banning travel from seven
different Muslim majority countries do
you sound like a disdain for liberal
democracy to me what do you think what a
disdain for the world democracy what do
you mean he's trying to put the freedom
of his own people yeah so okay so what
you just said
was fascist I don't know if I understand
that so when you say he's just trying to
prison nationalism and fascism are two
different things you know when you say
but what you say like he's just trying
to protect his people
that's fascist rhetoric we need a strong
leader who can rise above silly
government controls you mobilize the
military to protect people that's
fascism yeah but you can't make that
point with an America when there's women
there's universal rights that everyone
has in this country you can't have
fascism well America can't be fascist
well I don't think America's fascists
right now I'm just saying that what you
just get there well yeah I mean I agree
as Trump continues to push the
boundaries of a moment I don't think
it's Trump I think Trump Trump is wants
to give people more freedom in a smaller
government I think if you look on the
opposite side people wanting more
government and less personal freedoms
for the people so when you think but the
whole point of America
well you yeah okay so just okay okay
unless I'm saying something completely
wrong yeah again I'm just going off I'm
going off what I know and what I've done
research on it what if I of okay so
that's just I could be wrong here you
could let's just go let's just let's
just go yeah let's just go word by word
okay okay I'm just going word by word of
this okay so yeah okay so do you
understand what a liberal democracy is
right we're like people vote yes and
it's America yeah and I'm parliamentary
their matches were directly against
liberal democracy they're against
America in general sure okay they're
against the ideas of America okay so
when I see somebody like Donald Trump
doing things unilaterally to try to
protect the country so things like
banning the travel of Muslims to the
United States or saying he's gonna say
where there are terrorist organizations
in those countries he wasn't the first
president to do that can we be fair
about that like most presidents I'm not
most Obama did it as well as some
earlier President Obama didn't the Obama
didn't ban travel from seven Muslim
majority countries that's that didn't
know he banned he banned
he banned travel from from not seven but
multiple I think he said from Iraq I
think but that was packed but that but
but that's still okay you're missing the
whole point that was passed by Congress
okay that wasn't Obama doing it
unilaterally that was a bomb
using a liberal democracy Trump
transcended the democracy and he did it
on his own road unilaterally I
understand I'd assume you're saying I'm
saying yes a unilaterally means like on
your own without anybody else's I was
supposed to multilaterally we're
bilaterally so now it's a some of
there's a form of fascism and show that
ideologies disdain for liberal democracy
okay
Trump threatening to send the military
to the border to build the wall would be
another example of transcending or going
above the democracy in order to get
something that he wants done that right
I mean I wouldn't I wouldn't look at
that as fascism
you know using when the government has
to vote on stuff like that and Trump
doesn't like the way the government is
voting so he says I'm gonna take the
military and I'm gonna go build a wall
to protect my country that doesn't sound
you're acting you're acting like Trump's
the only one who's ever used an
executive order to do something no I'm
not other people could have done it we
could argue that that's examples of
fascism or authoritarianism as well we
don't need to what about ISM though
we're just talking about Donald Trump
right now the idea I'm just saying I'm a
saint but you can't you can't act like a
protecting a border from illegal
immigrants when there's when there's an
actual ability to care to claim asylum
and come in the right way is fascist at
all
that's in fact the fact that that's
freedom that's literally like that's
like oh I don't know any of the other
cars you think fascism is a bad yes why
because I think you would actually I
think it would really like it I think if
you looked into it I think you would
actually be totally down with it cuz
you're giving me a lot of letters and
really good fascist arguments because
like you like this idea that like we
need to protect our country we have to
build a border these illegal people are
coming in the room I never said I never
said that they're ruining the country
I'm great yeah but I'm an immigrant
myself I legally immigrated here I look
at here's here's how look at illegal
immigration I immigrated here legally I
came over here with my entire family and
I look at it basically as the people who
are coming into this country illegally
are [ __ ] on the legal process that
me and my family went through to get
here and that's how I look at it I look
at it why do they get to come in
perfectly illegally and get all the
public support and all the all the of
the welfare that they get the public
assistance I don't want to need to get
that word there public assistance that
my family didn't get for coming over
here legally we got we got over here Lee
we came over here the right way but it's
kind of like why does you coming over
here legally matter to anybody else why
would it matter whether or not we let
them in or not it kind of sits on the
whole process that you're still here
aren't you yeah Sammy I still have
family legally immigrating over here I
still have cousins that are coming over
here and and all that stuff so it's kind
of like it's kinda like why do they have
to go through all that process maybe we
make the process easier as well when we
make a legal the process the process is
already easy the process is not easy to
immigrate from Mexico to the United
States is the average way well I don't
know I don't know the actual the process
is going through it from a Mexican
dollar then they have to go through a
stupid I'm going off my immigration
experience in my personal family's you
know the like one experience doesn't
necessarily mean how the process I'm not
saying what experience I'm saying
multiple it's multiple different people
over multiple different years okay you
know that like four or five or twenty or
however many personal examples you have
doesn't speak to like it doesn't go
against the millions of people who have
come over the border from Mexico I
understand that I'm just saying it's
kind of it's kind of still [ __ ] it's
it's kind of makes it feel unfair to the
people who come over here legally
because there are people who come over
illegally from Mexico who even say why
are these people coming in illegally
from Mexico and they complain about and
they're like this isn't a reasonable
argument there are black people to think
we should go back to slavery that
doesn't make it a good argument there
are people who want to go back to Africa
because they don't like Trump they again
these are like yes I like so like yeah
so we don't have to cite like what
random individual people say wait we can
just talk about I was just I was I was
just I was just making a point about how
obviously gonna make it that well my
point is you're not making a point
you're trying to use personal stories to
bolster an argument that you can't make
otherwise right is the whole point I got
from emotional I'm clear from what I've
experienced yeah your personal
experiences how you feel about something
your emotional like point of it like
well this is what I've experienced but
it doesn't speak to the allottee of
anything at all how is it's more is
gonna be a more of a factual point
because I've had to actually go through
the immigration process and see people
go through the actual immigration
process and see like even if there is
struggles there are struggles not like a
hundred percent easy all the time but
most of the time it's a pretty it's a
pretty simple process if you're not
previously a criminal haven't been
previously deported or haven't been
previously convicted in another country
and the more reason you're coming here
which is would be the majority the less
say yeah so let's say somebody walks in
to a gym and then they deadlift 400
pounds do you think that's the average
deadlift of every person in the United
States because of that because of that
Isaac's okay what if somebody walks in
and they can only pick up ten pounds do
you think that's the average no so we
would probably need like millions and
millions of people to go in while
realistic like a thousand but we need
lots more people to go in to actually
detected average so when you tell me
like a study sure so when you tell me
your personal experiences about going
through emigrate that doesn't really
matter it doesn't really speak at all to
like the average wait times are the
average difficulty for it cuz there's
any number of reasons your family could
have had an easier time or a harder time
getting it that's why your personal
stories are worthless on this type of
conversation right chattel slaves over
here to whether people of Mexico are
going through but they can still go
again they can still go through the
legal route and by it might be different
but it's sort of the legal route of ship
maybe we should just [ __ ] it and then
change it wouldn't that be the goal
there's no what we're trying to do it
sounds like again that sounds like their
personal or your personal problem when
the country has a law or country has
something you have to follow to do just
like every other country yeah but if we
think the law should it's not like we
have a moral obligation to follow it
when we change the law isn't that how
laws don't over time
yeah but the laws give us our right
you're acting like you're acting like
the country shouldn't have a border is
that is that what you're trying to say
is that a country shouldn't have a
border at all and people should be able
to come in freely whenever they want
this despite despite anything okay wait
so me same when he's saying that laws
can change over time and that we laws
that translates to I don't think we
should have a border no no no no you're
saying you're saying that that that like
border laws are that should be changed
and that sometimes they're useless or
stupid or something because because like
that's why they should be changed if
they're like I guess outdated I would
say sure so I think our immigration laws
are pretty [ __ ] right now yeah so I
don't really so how so can you elaborate
more on how our immigration laws could
be better yeah it seems like it there
the wait to get into this country is
very very very long from play
people yo no said how many how many
people you think trying to get in this
country probably quite a few don't you
think don't you think that a weight
would be good to try to sift through all
those people and try to figure out its
we can process and we just have
arbitrary limits on how many we take in
a year and I think that's a good thing
why so so so you can see how those
people who you lend to the country
like I guess do we already do see that
we've got tons of studies on how
immigrants affect the economy and
everything of the United States I mean
it's not regulations that we have are
working then yeah people coming in this
country yeah immigration seems to be a
positive impacts economically in the
United States oh yeah when I bring in
more they are braids that don't okay but
your try it you're trying to go against
the number that the letting in every
they're still letting in immigrants yeah
like they're not just not letting it
immigrants yeah there let me in living
in a small Arab but why not just open it
up more so that if you apply to get here
you can just come here so we don't have
to worry about the whole illegal
immigration [ __ ] you get them here
you process them you get them under the
Social Security number system or
whatever so you can keep track of them
and yeah kind of like what we do that's
what they do when you legally immigrated
over here when you legally yeah but
we've had thirteen million illegal
immigrants here why not just say why not
just already how much money trying to
like again why not just why not just
make them illegal then so that we don't
have to worry about it why are we okay
but okay hold on you got you got to
understand how much money that would
cost less than what it cost oh to
regulate and of course and what you mean
they pay taxes they bolster the economy
Larry here they work jobs illegal
immigrants pay taxes how in a number of
ways no although other than buying
actual things I mean I mean when they
when they go to work and work yep how do
they pay taxes off of that so there are
multiple ways so we'll ignore the
obvious consumption time before you say
some really dumb [ __ ] okay so oftentimes
is a little immigrant okay if you have a
stolen social security number or you're
working and you're having federal taxes
or FICA payroll taxes withheld on your
paycheck which is something everybody
has withheld if you're an illegal
immigrant you never get those payroll
taxes back in the form of Social
Security or Medicare
right an illegal immigrant without a
social security number that belongs to
them can never cash out on Social
Security or Medicare so in that way
payroll taxes paid by illegal immigrants
are paid into a system that will never
get money out from also if there's any
federal or state sales to art state
income taxes withheld because you're
using a stolen Social Security number if
they don't file a tax return or if they
file one and they get caught they don't
get those taxes back either so there are
multiple ways that illegal immigrants
pay taxes but you're acting like your
act like they're deserved that they're
acting like they deserve to get that
money back by being but you never said
they deserve it you just said they don't
pay taxes and I'm saying that's
demonstrable not true it's just
factually incorrect what do you mean
they don't pay how but they're not
legally paying taxes because when you
pay taxes like you legally get those
back if you're actually paying taxes if
you have a stolen stolen Social Security
card again that's breaking the law these
are all things that are breaking yeah
yeah well holy [ __ ] we're like bouncing
around 52 argument so initially you said
they don't pay taxes I'm telling you
they do pay taxes whether or not you get
a backer deserve to get it back cuz
that's a totally separate discussion I'm
saying they do pay taxes but is it isn't
it synonymous with paying taxes that you
get them back or you get you guys some
kind of you get so I don't get all the
money I pay in taxes back no of course
not here's the thing when you get old
enough you can claim Social Security and
get money from the government that you
put into it from working not necessarily
I mean I make enough money that I pay
more in taxes than I'll ever get back
from the federal government through any
kind of program just because you pay
taxes end doesn't mean you necessarily
ever get them back depends on your
income present what Social Security is
is that Social Security is one half of
your FICA tax that you get back in
retirement assuming you live to a long
enough age to collect the full Social
Security okay you pay federal taxes on
your income you pay state taxes as long
as you don't live in Texas or a couple
other states and then you pay payroll
taxes which is split in half which is
FICA and Social which is FICA which is
Social Security and Medicare the only
one of those that you get back when you
get older is Social Security has paid to
you in monthly payments once here at 65
whatever and then you can get me you're
eligible for Medicare as well but know
everything you're paying in taxes you
don't necessarily get back and get your
back your state or federal taxes that's
that that's not what I'm saying I'm
saying that Social Security is is you
you pay everyone pays into that okay so
when you hit a certain age you start
getting you start getting benefits from
that after you stopped working yeah
that's one small part of all the tax you
pay so that is how social security works
yeah
but illegal immigrants could pay into it
we don't get anything back from it I
mean you got me there I'm just I'm just
saying that like my whole thing was you
could you still you still get your money
back from taxes I have no idea how he
got from immigration the taxes I must
have jumped us into that like a dumbass
but well sure so I mean so backing all
the way up so why don't we just make all
the illegal immigrants that are here
when does make him legal so we don't
have to [ __ ] with all the illegal
immigrant [ __ ] we bring them under
the tax system officially so that we can
get them all registered and keep track
of everybody and then just make them
citizens went that one that just raise
taxes it would raise the amount of taxes
we receive what do you mean by raise
taxes to support to support all those
illegal most of those in mostly illegal
immigrants are on public assistance that
are already on our taxes so if we make
them legal that means they can legally
take advantage of even more a more
government system more social so every
study that I've ever seen regarding like
immigration has shown that immigrants
are a boon to the economy they're either
a net they either have a net fiscal
impact meaning the state spends about as
much as they get and they have a
tremendously positive economic impact
I've never seen studies that show that
immigrants coming into this country have
a net drain on the economies that they
go to that's never been demonstrated in
the United States but they cost they
cost the country more don't they cost a
country more than they make the country
they but they enable other people in the
country to make a lot of illegal
immigrants cost us almost a hundred
billion dollars a year and just just
supporting them okay but how much do
they pay in a year how much economic
activity are they responsible for do you
know that because I mean oh there's
always two sides to both of these
equations like yeah they cost money but
they also enable a lot of economic
activity as well yeah but where does it
say that they contribute more than 100
billion that they cost sure Sobor house
is probably one of the most famous
quote-unquote anti-immigration people
that talks about like immigration to the
United States and even he admits that
the total like drain of like illegal
immigration in the United States is
somewhere on the order of five hundred
billion dollars but he says that they
probably caused about that much economic
activity as well so even he admits that
it's a wash so so so five times as much
as they cost no no he says that it's
about as wash about a wash so wash means
that it all evens out in the end in
terms of fiscal impact no but I'm
basically I'm you say about five
five hundred billion dollars that they
make but Indiana just you're saying in
the end he just evens out pretty much
yeah alright though then did that's
something I didn't know that's something
I didn't know I guess you got me there
man okay so I mean like so backing all
the way up to like the definition of
fascism
so yeah fascism showed an ideologies
disdain for liberal democracy in the
parliamentary system so my earlier
points was that when Trump decides that
he wants to take the literal military to
go build a wall or when he wants to
unilaterally ban travel from other
countries that seems to me like a person
with a distain for liberal democracy in
terms of why because he's saying I don't
care what causes votes on if you guys
don't pass a budget that US funding for
my wall I'm gonna take the military and
go build it myself but isn't that it's
right
I mean arguably I think it's being
fought on a Supreme Court right now
isn't he an elected official from like
the kind of the country elected him
using democracy as you say like the
liberal democracy made him the leader so
doesn't he have the right to enact what
he's allowed like your act like other
presidents haven't done the same exact
thing we're doing what about ISM a lot I
don't carry with you that Obama did a
lot of dumb bad [ __ ] as well I'm talking
about presidents in general using using
using their executive orders to go over
Congress to do things I mean it depends
on the thing but I mean like what we're
specifically talking about here is like
it's not like he's going above and
beyond to implement like a green energy
program or some other or some other
weird [ __ ] like some whatever he's
doing it to quote-unquote protect the
country by making it sound like we're
having a national emergency this is
fascist rhetoric right we need to think
is it is it not a national emergency
when when when people are illegally
crossing the border in giant droves and
being considering they're crossing the
border less now than they were for the
past like thirty years I'd say probably
not I do I really think that if you
spent like if you open your mind and you
spend a stream looking into fascism I
think you would really like it I
actually think you would on Iran eclis
like really light fascism I don't know
why you hate it so much
I just I don't like control I don't like
people I do you seem to like the control
when it's things that you agree with
this is how fascism works and say yeah
no III
I like freedom but you again you have to
eat after earned freedom freedom isn't
free exactly so you don't really like
freedom you like freedom of the people
freedom you like what you're saying
right so when you start like America has
been constantly fighting for freedom for
how many years to defeat to defeat the
most corrupt people in the world freedom
is never has it never has and never will
be free that's the point like like I I
again I came over here earned my freedom
became an American citizen so I can have
the freedoms that I wouldn't have to
have in my own way how old were you when
you immigrated here I came here when I
was eight okay so you didn't really earn
your freedom you didn't really do [ __ ]
all for it right it was your family that
did it firstly and then secondly it was
my father then you have okay yeah so
right yeah my family came up again I've
it's the same except that could be stuck
it I could be stuck in a different
country right now with less freedom and
less and less ability to make money and
do what I do what I want to do but I'm
here with where I have the rights to do
whatever I want with within the within
the limits of the law
sure but again say I completely disagree
with fascism all together like right it
feels like you hear that like fascism is
bad and you think that like Democrats
know you have both of these things
together and they're like well if
they're both bad like fascism bad
Democrats bad therefore Democrats are
fascists like it doesn't really fit it
although like if you spent like five
minutes just like reading the first
paragraph on every Wikipedia article of
like fascism ultra-nationalism Nazism
like you're not gonna come up with
things that describe Democrats right
like fascism is a form of radical
right-wing authoritarian
ultra-nationalism like this is not the
Democrat Party like but that's but
that's but that's not what I'm again
that's not what I was saying I was
saying that Nazism in authoritarians
back then in the Nazi and the Nazi Party
Nazism again more is more on the left
side of spectrum yeah but you're saying
that because you're looking at very
superficial things you're not looking at
them I'm looking at very mainstream no
no no when I say superficial what I'm
saying is you're looking at tenets that
aren't necessarily inherent to fascism
you sound like oh well they have some
social programs nothing about fascism
says you can or can't have
social bargains and it's not a big
talking about social problems I was
saying that that fascist the Nazi isms
not Nazi the people the people in
fascist Germany were under it were under
socialism they were government-run all
the government's all the government ran
the businesses random money controlled
everybody even under the guise of
capitalism even that's not it use
capitalism disguised as socialism I mean
so some disguises capitalism to gain the
control but I don't even that's not true
right in Germany when the Nazi Party
took over they they privatized a whole
bunch of different businesses so even
that's not necessarily true what you're
saying but even if that was true that
doesn't make them left-leaning there
doesn't make fascism like a left
ideology that's just was it I was I
wasn't I was saying it has more in
common with anyone on the right nowadays
except the central tenants of fascism
the idea that it is an extremist
authoritarian ultra-nationalist thing is
more in line with right-wing ideology
today ultra-nationalism does that sound
like like they literally called Obama
the apologizer in chief that he want an
apology doors because he hates his
country and literally Trump like wraps
myself up on the flag every opportunity
guess how how can you ever look at
something like ultra-nationalism say
that's definitely Democrats with more
than Republicans we're problem is always
say Democrats hate the country you seem
to be you seem to be completely
conflating ultra-nationalism with more
government control no because it's not
cuz you cuz this weird thing of
government control I feel like I'm
talking to Chris Tucker what is
government control I mean like I'm
talking I'm talking about the government
control I'm talking about government
funded everything like the military like
cuz these Republicans love that [ __ ] I
mean like again I've completely disagree
with how much money we spend on our
military okay what about all the money
to be spent on farmers that one of the
largest subsidized industries in the
United States do you hate farmers too
should we get rid of those subsidies
because that's another thing that a lot
of Republicans push for what about all
the subsidies we have for people that
drill oil or shale in the United States
we subsidize the [ __ ] out of our energy
production like I mean everybody is part
what about the recent tax cuts that
Trump just did that massively ballooned
our [ __ ] deficit because he didn't
couple it with budget cuts I mean
everybody likes to spend a lot of money
and have big government control I mean
No Child Left Behind doubled the size of
the Department of Education I came under
George Bush I mean this idea that only
left people like government spending is
insane it doesn't make any sense that
stop that that's not what I'm saying I'm
saying that that that the lab
likes to use money of other people to
support everyone else okay where did the
money for the tax cuts come from when
Trump did the tax cuts when taxpayer
money okay so all the [ __ ] that we're
still paying for now that the people
aren't paying for it I mean that that's
just ballooning or deficit isn't it like
where's the money coming from for our
big beautiful wall that Trump wants to
billow it's not coming from Mexico like
oh yeah like oh I meant Tucker Carlson
not Chris Tucker so I guess so I grad
what's it called my my argument to the
hole to the hole how much money we spend
on the wall thing would again be we
spent how much money on Ely illegal
immigrants why not take a small part of
that money that we spend on illegal
immigrants and already spend it on
building a wall yeah she's so like
you're making all the arguments for like
you're basically saying I don't like
this thing but then when I push you on
you're like well I like it when it's for
me because what you just said so okay
well let's build the wall and I go well
how you gonna fund your like well look
at all the money where do you waste on
illegal immigrants let you spend it on
wall so you're justifying government
spending there now what if I were to say
okay let's find something that's gonna
benefit our country okay and Democrats
say the same thing about social
healthcare why not just do single-payer
health care take all the money where do
you waste on health care and spend it in
a single-payer system and then we say
quality quality quality will go down as
price goes up what are you talking about
I mean as a quality will go down as more
as more taxpayer funded why because what
do you mean the more if government is
social if health care is socialized okay
and everyone's problems are gonna be
covered under under the detect taxpayers
money funding to healthcare which means
equality will go down why didn't it go
down in every single other Western
country safe Switzerland that had a
single-payer option because because
their health care was never bad to begin
with you act like other people people in
northern Europe I've always been healthy
they weren't this all of a sudden
unhealthy and then becoming and then
became healthy when their health care
got good America is it is unhealthy as
[ __ ] and if you try to socially maybe
Chinese if you try to if you try to take
everyone's they do like the socialism
route which is fun to everyone's health
care with taxpayer money you're gonna be
funding people's are you gonna be
funding people's personal problems that
shouldn't be covered under health care
regardless so America is the most
unhealthy country in the world
is that no I'm just saying I'm saying
America is is crazily unhealthy compared
to other countries are you comparing
Switzerland and what people eat in
Switzerland and what people eat America
is is complete there America eats [ __ ]
nothing but garbage our health care our
health care is is reason is reason to oh
my god the reason the reason our health
care will be bad in our social is
because everyone's so unhealthy America
factory well first of all everybody is
obesity around the entire [ __ ] world
is high okay
I mean America is is tops of charge
America is up there with England in UK
standing up like in the UK is very far
up there Germany is very far up there
there's single health care - yeah there
is single health care systems though
I'll talk about obesity yeah that's what
I'm talking about there are single
health systems still seem to work just
fine again you're talking about you're
talking about countries that have the
population of single states in our in
our entire country what is that I mean
all of Europe the EU has like 700
million people I mean they all have
their individual single-payer health
care programs like their health care
have you have you ever been to a salve
you ever been to a hospital where
socialized health care is in Europe no
it's pretty garbage I saw it I'm from
I'm from Greece before we do this we
said remember we said earlier about how
one off example no no I'm not I'm not
I'm not doing I'm not doing the one-off
thing I'm saying what you literally just
did you asked me if I've ever been in a
hospital and in Europe I'm just no I'm
just saying like
again the socialized healthcare isn't
it's always cracked up to be here okay
well then let's history socialized
healthcare of these small countries that
compare it to states I mean France and
Germany aren't small countries I don't
know team compared compared to America
they are comparing this to America and
how how socialized healthcare would
would friends a population of almost 70
million people Germany is over 80
million people these are small countries
like compared to the United States they
are I mean I know the UIC so it makes up
3% of population of the world but again
that's still like that's still a
significant it's still more than any of
the countries in Europe well you say
you're saying that socialized health
care networks in these tiny little
countries that are that are not
supported by themselves Germany supports
itself
Switzerland
silanol use northern Nordic countries
all supported by other governments and
their taxes are extremely [ __ ] high
the taxes to live in these northern
countries are extremely high which is
how it which is how they fund all their
health care and their education and
their health care like far outpaces the
United States maybe they're doing
something right no what I don't know I
didn't see Ida
there's you're looking at your looking
at majority you're looking at majority
white country's majority white okay dude
why not just go full all right you love
fascism you're gonna do the [ __ ]
demographics argument like you're
already halfway there wait hold on I'm
just case do you think do you think
Jewish people are running like the US or
whatever no you should look into that um
it was caught use to be called vulture
old cultural Bolshevism I don't you
should look into the Jew [ __ ] like the
final question or the whatever that [ __ ]
what the Jews the Jews are hypnotizing
America and controlling everything from
the inside yeah maybe yeah you should
look into it you might there's a lot I
honestly people they they use the they
use that a Holocaust [ __ ] to make
everybody feel bad for them and then
behind the scenes they're running the
banks they're running the Hollywood
compare me to people who deny Holocaust
well no I'm just saying that like you're
already like eighty percent of the way
there and you don't even see it like you
can get woke to it like real quick and
then at least your arguments to be
better because then we could have a
legitimate conversation about what cuz
like normally what I would argue if I
was working with like Richard Spencer
I'd be having a discussion on his
fascism like a legitimate political
ideology that would be our discussion
but with you I'm arguing somebody that
thinks are defending liberal is every
but you're actually defending fascism
but you don't know you're defending
fascism so it's like this weird argument
well you you are you get you gave me a
time argument earlier for fascism but
you'd think you're arguing for
liberalism it was like really weird like
I don't know to say I'm ordering I'm
arguing for more libertarian
libertarianism than I am no you're not
because if you're arguing for
libertarianism you'd be for open borders
but I don't think you are right cuz
libertarians would call for generally
would say they want the for that's why I
like the Cato Institute they that's
because you don't know anything about
any political system ever that's why you
think that life left wingers are fascist
but so like you know the Cato Institute
the big libertarian think-tank in the
United States that's if you ever wonder
so this ever has blown your brain like I
thought the libertarian in
- Kato we're libertarians but they're
always defending immigrants that's
because actual libertarians like open
borders because they want the free
movement to happen so that the economy
can function better because libertarians
don't really care about [ __ ] like
borders they want to maximize things
like economic principles which
immigration by the way super helps ya
wrong you got me there you got me on a
topic III lack knowledge and okay I mean
I get I get like I I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna come as debate thinking I knew I
knew everything I was just kind of like
sure to be fair I mean like you were
shit-talking me on your channel before I
dragged you in here I mean okay okay no
no no I was [ __ ] talking with one of
your viewers who came in here linking
your channel saying hey hey this you
should do and I went off on him because
I mean you were talking you were
shit-talking my arguments about the
incest debate like you brought my name
up it's [ __ ] he tried he tried to
come at me each other coming me saying
that it there's nothing that said it's
morally wrong when all he says it's
morally neutral but he had no he had no
evidence to prove that it was morally
neutral he was you can't prove something
as a neutral the onus is on you to prove
writing that's what I would say I'm
saying I my argument was that it's wrong
wait so what is your proof that it's
wrong other than other than you see I
wanna I want to say I want to say
procreating and okay wait wait you
recognize there's a difference between
incest just [ __ ] somebody that's
related to you and having a child with
them right yes you don't have to have a
child with somebody that bit okay so
you're not against incest you're against
inbreeding inbreeding is probably bad I
could agree to there but what about
incest and bring is a symptom of incest
and I look at it as people who commit
incest
Kerli were were brought up in a dynamic
where that was right and that's an
unhealthy dynamic mentally okay here's
two questions let's say two people could
in breed but there were no genetic
problems whatsoever because they either
weren't really I did enough for they
took a test would you be okay with it
then no okay so then it's not the
emperor anything you care about what is
it you actually care about that incest
is inherently wrong okay inherently why
I that that's a loaded question I mean
it's a question okay so why would you
get mad at if you ever probing you want
it if you don't even have the answer
because because he couldn't give me he
couldn't give me the counter argue
because there is no cure argument if I
say to you this actress is neutral no if
I say that an act is okay listen do you
think that it would be morally neater so
I'm holding my wallet right now if I
drop my wallet on the desk and I say
well that's morally neutral do I have to
prove that's morally neutral no if you
tell me it's bad or wrong you've got to
tell me why it's wrong I can't prove
something as a news release dude this is
this is like this is like this is the
craziest [ __ ] argument I know it is
and now imagine how I feel when I spend
all day having these arguments all the
time and I've thought through every
single point from start to finish over
and over and over again and then I run
into rooms full of people like you to
think that everything I say is beyond
[ __ ] stupid and then when I finally
talk to you you literally have not a
single thing to say about anything I've
said at any point in this conversation
imagine how I feel now
what do you mean I've come out I've come
out you work with a proper points you've
literally receded you have conceded
every single point that you brought we
can revisit them if you want you didn't
know anything about immigrations impact
on the economy you didn't know anything
about Obama doing a travel ban that you
made up you didn't know anything about
what libertarians actually stand oh no
he did he did but he passed it through
Congress he didn't do it unilaterally it
was to Congress that was a whole
difference at the point that is the
point that's the differing fascism
having a disdain for liberal democracy
and banning somebody using an act of
Congress which is utilizing a liberal
democracy you don't think that it's
relevant because you don't know what
fascism or liberal democracy is that's
the same outcome no matter how we did it
okay do you think it's to say okay
here's a question do you think would be
the same outcome if a judge looked at a
guilty man on the street and shot him in
the face and kill them versus if
somebody had a trial was declared guilty
and then sentenced to death is that the
same outcome to you exactly it's not so
do you think that Obama sanding travel
from a country after passing it through
Congress is the same outcome as Trump
banning travel through some countries
unilaterally without the approval of
Congress yeah because he has that right
he has that power by being elected as
the president United States
democratically okay if you think first
of all I think that's still being
debated in the Supreme Court I'm pretty
sure that's on its way to the Supreme
Court but firstly if you think that the
president has the right is unilaterally
ban travel from countries oh [ __ ] if you
want a president to have those powers
why not just be a fascist this is what
they love like I don't understand what
you you would be so much happier under a
strong leader that is mobilizing a
single party that is forcibly a prayer
things that you disagree with like these
are like tenets of fascism I think the
president should have the ability to say
[ __ ] off to certain countries because I
want to protect my country from
countries that are full of terrorists I
don't have to wait for slow ass [ __ ]
Congress that's all political [ __ ]
to figure this about I want a strong
leader right now to protect my country
from things that I think are harmful to
me why not just do that
I understand that's more national than
them fascist that's literally what I
just described as fascism it's literally
fascism maybe you should like spend like
one day just wait like two minutes and
read the Wikipedia article on fascism
but anytime you see fascism like replace
it with like anime girls or something
and I'm like yeah and then you won't
read it and so negatively and then at
the end you're like oh actually anime
girls are actually pretty cool but then
you'll be like oh wait but it's fascism
well actually fascism is kind of go I
think maybe there should be really
helpful like it's more efficient than or
broken democracy like I don't what you
think is what let's let's go let's go
back to the one thing I'm care goes
we're bouncing through all the points
now why do you think incest is wrong why
do you think why do you think incest is
wrong I'm curious because again mentally
mentally when you're if you're brought
up that okay let me let me give you the
example that that one of your viewers
gave me okay his example was what what
what if it's two 30-year old Gabe twin
brothers [ __ ] sure don't you think
that for them to be in that situation
that mentally something had to have done
something like going through that is not
mentally healthy why not at the end of
the day there must be something there
must be something that happened to them
that made them gay twin brothers that
why do you think that's the same thing
do you think the same thing is true for
all gay people no I think I think incest
Willie okay you're born gay
you don't choose to be gay there's
something you can have what if they were
separated at Birth and found each other
later in life and wanted to [ __ ] that's
happened okay so do you think that's
morally wrong I don't think it's oh my
god I think I I think it's objectively
wrong why because it's it's what do you
mean why you can't you can't answer why
it's right I don't raise the answer why
it's right my assertion is that it's a
neutral I don't think in call it wrong
how is it neutral because it is because
there's no reason why it's wrong and I
don't necessarily think it's a virtuous
to [ __ ] somebody else so I would say
it's neutral it's in neutral action like
if I go and have sex with like a
girlfriend or something I would that's
like a neutral I don't think that's
necessarily virtuous yeah but that's not
your sister
sure but I'm saying like that's a
neutral action it's not right or wrong
it's something I do so in terms of like
one guy [ __ ] another guy whether
they're related or not I'm asking why
it's wrong I don't have to tell you why
it's a neutral things are neutral bite
that's the default all right it's
neutral and then either becomes good bad
but how but where do you or do you get
incest being the default neutral like
where does that what does that
everything starts at neutral and then
it's moved to either right or wrong
based on the arguments you make for it
so like murder would start at neutral
and we say well murder is bad because
you're removing the rights of another
person or you're removing the autonomy
or vilely no timing okay well that's a
bad thing
so now murder is bad right so we start
at neutral we move too bad we should do
that with everything never nothing
starts as bad right everything starts as
a neutral and you move it one where the
other based on your arguments again I
just I don't understand how that how
that how that makes incest neutral I
still like it still okay well how does
it was it wrong why does it start it
wrong because it most it mostly starts
at incest being being what's it call
that it starts off as as incest as
incest being mostly most of the cases of
incest have to do with procreation or
different different power dynamics okay
that's okay so let's go ahead and so I'm
gonna ignore the fact that you didn't
tell me why it's wrong you listed other
things but let's run down some of those
other avenues okay so you think that
it's wrong because of having children
that might have genetic deformities
right that could be it depends it
depends on the on the traits that are
passed down through well let's say
that's true do you think that what about
when two heterosexual people come
together let's say both of them are
highly predisposed towards giving birth
to children with Down syndrome do you
think these people should be banned from
having kids what that if they if they if
they have a higher chance of having a
mentally challenged child overnight yeah
they should be banned from having kids
no no one should be banned from having
wait so then why do you care about
incest people if two heterosexual people
can come together okay okay let me let
me rephrase that how many people should
be banned from kids unless that the kid
is predisposed to come out or okay Billy
do you think it's morally wrong for two
heterosexual people to get together and
have a kid if there's a high chance or a
chance that that kid could be like meant
[ __ ] do you think it's morally wrong
what it what are the what are the what
are the chances of that I don't say 20%
really there's a 20% chance that two
people I mean there's any chance that
you could have a [ __ ] kid okay sure
what's the problem with incest if
there's a proven higher chance okay so
then what so then is there a high enough
chance where two people getting together
two heterosexual people getting in there
trying to have a kid well that's a moral
wrong can you repeat that again for me
two heterosexual people get together
they have a high chance of having a kid
that's mentally [ __ ] is it morally
wrong for them to try to have children
no okay why is it okay for them but not
to in assess people to do it as incest
is illegal it do you think to use it is
it not is it that that's like that's
like saying wait hold on hold on that's
like that's like saying that's actually
the morality of [ __ ] an animal wait
we're having a discussion on morality do
you really think you could support your
argument with hits illegal do you think
that that's like a good do you think you
just made a good argument like come on I
mean not really that was the first
nature [ __ ] motto like do you think
you had our sexual people coming
together and having a child that might
be genetically deform do you think
that's not morally I think that's not
morally right so what about two incest
people why is I'm really wrong I just
think if again if there's two
heterosexual people or those people can
have babies legitimately two
heterosexual people having a baby that's
a super high chance of having some sort
of physical deformity some sort of
mental retardation something that would
affect their quality of life I don't
think I shouldn't be able to have a kid
okay so two heterosexual people should
have extremely high chances that's what
they shouldn't be allowed to to have
children do you think if it affects the
quality of life for the child okay
that's usually like that that'll be my
same argument on somewhat of abortion
only reason abortion as good as if the
mom or the baby is gonna die it's a high
rate of it being dying like that's sure
I know that's like generally related do
you think we should enforce this to
codify this in law do you think it
should be illegal to have a child if
there's a very high chance that it'll be
more but it'll be like the mentally
[ __ ] like that well no that's that
that that would infringe rights okay all
right just curious so like I'm not I'm
not saying I'm not saying that that it's
not it's not allowed that it shouldn't
happen I'm just
morley it's like morally incest isn't my
my opinion is that more morally Isis
isn't good that's all I'm saying so
right now effects well it's not we're
not using facts we're just using reason
here right we're making deductive
arguments we won't need facts but you
know you're always gonna catch me on
that reason that it's always morally
neutral because no matter no matter what
I say if it's no matter what I say and
it's what's it called and it's if I say
it's morally bad you're gonna go all
Matthew oh why is it morally bad and I
can't answer that well that's your fault
if I tell you something is bet if I say
something is bad and you ask oh why do
you think it's about I can tell you why
I think something is bad well it's
pretty easy could you do the argument I
want incest is bad could you argue that
no because I don't think it necessarily
is from the other side how would you
argue that incest is bad you can do it
in very roundabout ways but I don't feel
like giving you the answers there's a
lot of fun for me I know it's a lot of
fun for you because you have you have an
advantage on me but well I mean it's fun
because you were talking mad [ __ ]
[ __ ] like every single [ __ ] person
that pretends that they can do this
argument so easily then as soon as I
pull you in like every other person I've
pulled in you completely fall apart
because you literally haven't spent two
minutes thinking about it like did you
really think you were gonna come in here
and say well it's illegal and I'd be
like oh [ __ ] you [ __ ] got me I didn't
consider that one no like okay no I I
knew I knew I was gonna come in here and
get torn apart but I thought I'd give it
a [ __ ] try cuz why the [ __ ] not sure
okay so I though the only semi-decent
argument that I think exists but I don't
think it's a good argument is that if
incest is seen as morally permissible in
society there is a chance that the
normalization of that type of behavior
can lead to other types of incest that
are almost always really bad so for
instance parents having sex with their
children is something that should
probably never happen outside of gas
powered yeah exactly well yeah so again
that's not incest being bad that's a
power dynamic thing but if you normalize
the existence of incestuous
relationships between siblings maybe
that carries over into siblings in the
household earlier on in life and maybe
that carries over into parent-child
relationships that I don't like I don't
think that's necessarily a good argument
because you can use that same argument
but that was their the argument I use is
the power dynamic and
bringing that is not even close to the
argument that you used that's like
that's like that's like coming outside
and showing me like a circle that you
cut it a piece of paper and saying look
I built a car that we weren't even close
to getting to that part of you know we
weren't even close to getting to that
car to that part of the argument okay so
I mean like but but the problem with
that argument though is you can use that
argument for a lot of other things as
well that I don't that's the point
that's the point I was trying to make is
that there's no there's no definite
answer to what incest is well there is a
definite answer to what incest is incest
is the same relation between two there's
no definite answer to whether it's right
wrong or neutral because well that's my
point what has yeah my plan is that
incest isn't intrinsically bad there are
other things that can be bad that are
often coupled with incest or religious
over instance relationships with
dramatically off balance power dynamics
which is literally the majority of all
like I was you can't give a you can't
give an extreme variable when there's
when like the extreme variable of get
again like two thirty year old gay
brothers like that that's a good extreme
variable not really it's just it's it's
an it is extreme height it's an ice
cream yeah it's an extreme hypothetical
to isolate the argument because when
somebody says I'm against incest you go
oh interesting well why and then you say
well because of inbreeding well because
of powered Atwoods so you're not
actually against incest right like
that's that's not intrinsic because
inbreeding is an intrinsic to incest you
can have an incest relationship where
you don't have kids you can either be
gay or you can use protection you say
power dynamics well it does have to
power dance it could be two siblings of
a clothes age that are out of college
you could say you know there's a number
of organs again but they're not inherent
or intrinsic to incest as opposed to say
like I say murder is wrong table why is
murder on estate wall because it's the
forcibly
it's forcibly removing the autonomy of
another non-consenting party which is
intrinsic to murder all cases of murder
are a case when you remove the autonomy
from another party against without their
consent right it's always bad whereas we
could find cases where incest is okay so
that means that we probably don't care
about the incest we care about things
like power dynamics or about in breeding
if you're into eugenics or whatever or
other stuff like that those are the
actual arguments well no those are those
like like I gotta power dynamics
inbreeding and all that [ __ ] our actual
arguments that have basis and why
is wrong no but those aren't those are
those are the FS to evidence behind and
says being inherently wrong because the
majority of incest comes from those
dynamics that cause the incest to happen
yes so what I'm saying is it doesn't
just come out you're not born wine to
[ __ ] your siblings or [ __ ] your mom
yeah no but now unless we're gonna get
into some weird naturalism [ __ ] we don't
need to all I'm saying is that okay so
if something is intrinsic to something
that means that it is like necessarily
contained and another thing so like
having a head is intrinsic to being a
human right every human has a head okay
however unhealthy power dynamics or
inbreeding aren't intrinsic to incest
you can have incest that doesn't involve
inbreeding or unhealthy power dynamics
it's possible right like every single
hamburger you know has like let's say
you let's say something you say like I
hate hamburgers okay but you actually
and then I say well why do you hate
hamburgers and you go well because
ketchup is disgusting and mustard is
disgusting and onions are [ __ ] gross
and I don't like buns either okay well
you haven't told me why hamburgers are
disgusting because you can just have a
hamburger without any of that other
stuff right does that make sense yes
okay even though oftentimes hamburgers
are served with ketchup or mustard that
doesn't they're it's not intrinsic to
being a hamburger I wasn't expecting
that come back like that just that
[ __ ] me
you got me there man I guess [ __ ] [ __ ]
okay well listen even though it was kind
of brutal I appreciate you coming on a
chat cuz I know it's manually rough and
I know it's really scary cuz I got a
[ __ ] ton of people in it so I understand
here's the thing when you and your
friend told me come on come on and do
this today I didn't believe him I was
all hyped the mighty
I honestly I appreciate you doing the
debate with me I appreciate you putting
me in my [ __ ] place it's okay buddy
god I kind of expected it I knew I knew
coming in here I've I've seen the
Destiny videos I've seen the [ __ ]
smackdowns I've seen it I knew I was
getting into and I just I wanted to
throw my [ __ ] hat in the ring
alright well tell you listen I
appreciate the conversation yeah I
appreciate you giving me the time of day
to [ __ ] to get to get slammed by you
men appreciate appreciated have a go run
good luck with your games you two men
bye thanks ladies and gentlemen we got
them
oh my god I wish I could just spend like
two years of my life and just go through
every single person on the internet
that's like this person just all of
Junko wears one over and over and over
again yeah that's all I wanted to I
don't know hey why did that why did that
guy's channel
[Music]
