wait he's saying that I hung up wait
what hold on one second this is a well
now that Robert I'll never talk to him
again
I just don't think he's like interested
in moving towards those the truth claims
that in in the way that I'm interested
in moving towards them which sounds like
really that sounds really arrogant to
say I understand that but like his
arguments are like we're like ridiculous
all right well we learned two things
from this conversation initially from
our first conversation but it was only
because I hadn't challenged him on any
points and I kind of understand I kind
of thought that this could happen
initially he sounded like somebody that
was very interested in arriving at the
truth matter of the arguments that I I
believed initially that he thought that
he was making truth claims about most of
the stuff that he talked about and so I
came into this conversation with enough
facts and figures that if he's sincerely
looking for truth claims what I expected
was him to say I'll get back to you on
most of the arguments I think he got
really mad at the name-calling that's
what I was expecting for most of this
conversation but what happened was every
time I started to give him fact-based
very specific arguments he started to
weasel around and then I started to
realize that and I and I realized
actually at the number one point that he
wasn't really interested in arriving at
any kind of fact-based or truth based
argument so for instance he says I've
been obsessing over this I mean I did
create like a pretty extensive outline
I'm sad that we didn't get to all of my
material but um so like for instance
when we talk about like the will of the
people argument right there is so much
data about different things that what
the Americans thought about at the time
the fact that it had bipartisan support
the fact that there are just so many
things that support the idea that like
the will of the people was represented
it's a pretty easy thing but um he kept
going back to like this really weird
fleein Fuentes kept going back to this
really weird well I've got up poll that
says this thing and I don't believe your
polls and then he kept referencing like
conspiracies that don't exist like this
clergy plan I couldn't find anything
about it the Hooten plan I did find
information about it was literally just
an art
written in a newspaper by some
anthropologist and it was his ideas on
how to destroy German nationalism but it
doesn't mention Africans in here doesn't
mention Western society and it was never
implemented by anybody right so I kind
of was hoping that for most of our
debate that we would kind of like go
through each of these points and that I
could show them like well look the data
says you're wrong and then eventually
he'd be like oh okay well you're right
yeah I guess I or I didn't expect him to
say that I expected you to say well I'll
come back next time there's more
research that I can do here that proves
you wrong that's more what I was looking
for right um
and it's kind of bizarre to me that it's
kind of bizarre to me that he kept he
kept saying that my arguments for
wishy-washy so for instance in the
Constitution there's nothing in there
about immigration from European
countries it doesn't exist
it just doesn't right so that puts a
mighty big burden on him to prove that
that was an intention of the original
founding fathers and the only thing he
has for that is some is the one time
John J inserts the word posterity in the
Constitution but when he references the
Federalist Papers John J's not talking
about posterity in here he's not even
talking about immigration in here so
that's like a really big stretch that
any wouldn't admit to any of that he was
like well this one sentence from John J
definitely proves it and then when I can
find all this evidence that um one there
was no idea this was supposed to be a
European primary country that just
doesn't exist and to even his definition
of white people is something that that
absolutely doesn't exist right that um
Benjamin Franklin had an entirely
different concept of what it meant to be
white than what Fuentes does today which
is beautiful which ironically enough
ironically enough foreigner Fuentes is a
white guy right and this kind of like
goes to prove my point
ironically enough as a as a
multiculturalist or if that's what you
want to call me I hate the word I don't
think I just it just sounds like a dumb
word to me but um like Nick is 25%
Hispanic and he considers himself to be
white enough for white America and he
and he gets there by way of like soul
math right well actually the cost I
don't know any of the background of like
different types of Hispanics or what I
realized well these kinds go back to the
Spanish bla bla bla bla bla well guess
what dude Benjamin Franklin didn't
consider Spanish people any more whiter
than Italians French or Russians and
Swedes all of whom he called swarthy
right
that um yeah that but even somebody like
him he considers himself white or I am
I'm white I'm half Cuban and I'm white
or um
John John Aryan I think that's his last
name
jontron he considers himself white he's
like Middle Eastern he's like half
he wouldn't even be like I don't even
know if he would be like a free person
in like the days of um I don't know like
how dark-skinned I don't know exactly
what was our stance on Middle Easterners
in in early United States history I have
no idea but um
oh is it John Jafari I thought his
middle it was his middle name like Aryan
or some [ __ ] I'm sorry did I read like
memes oh he might not have considered me
white though or look at this obsession
look at it look at how much he's
straining 91 percent ninety-one percent
white yeah it's a hilarious concept um
the person that I argued with from The
Daily stormer he was more he was more
intellectually honest about his position
in an ethnos State and that was a very
difficult conversation for me because he
made logical concessions when I argued
with the Daily stormer guy that guy said
that he understood that if he was going
to create an ethnos state he would be a
slave in that society and he said he was
okay with that but he understood he
wasn't pure enough for it so like I mean
obviously there's a whole bunch of
philosophical assertions that I could
make but on the surface he's at least
being intellectually honest that he's
not pure enough for his death no state
but Little Nicky here yeah I'm not sure
foreigner fuentes yeah so I don't know I
just it seemed really strange that he
was making do I need to explain my my
girl hair color analogy more that the
only poll he would cite was one that
already presupposed his argument that
was the only poll that he was willing to
cite for
yeah I don't know we could walk through
this oh I guess I'll uh I'll publish
this for you guys if you ever want to
use any of this there might be things
that you could criticize in here for
sure
but um no Scandinavia no Italians no
French no Germans when he cites the 1790
US census data he kind of brought this
up like when he talked about like the
Constitution establishes natural rights
so he probably has a bigger history
background than me but he misrepresents
so much which is what bothers me so
insofar as what I know about the
Constitution the idea behind the
Constitution wasn't to say that it God
existed it was just to say that um that
your rights come from something greater
than government now whatever you believe
that to be I believe that's true and I'm
an atheist III think that you can make
philosophical arguments for your rights
that should exist that are greater than
government that government should have
moral obligations to provide certain
things for people but I can believe that
without being without being religious
like social contract theory he kept
bringing up yeah I'm pretty sure you can
believe in social contract theory
without being religious you don't need a
god for any of that Christianity is not
given any special consideration and any
part of of the Constitution or posterity
I mean it's an American posterity it
doesn't say European posterity doesn't
say Christian posterity yeah he just
doesn't have he just didn't make any
good or I feel like I really feel like
he didn't make any good arguments for
any of this we didn't get into this
topic at all immigrants importing their
problems so once again he keeps like I
don't know he keeps like he wouldn't
give me any data [ __ ] I'm really
irritated cuz I looked up like so much
data if I had so much data for this yeah
I don't know just this doesn't seem to
be like a thing and I legitimately tried
to look for data that went against mine
because I'm really scared in any kind of
argument that I go into I'm always
scared that I'm wrong like I don't want
to go into an argument against somebody
that I feel like does research and be
wrong like [ __ ] that would that would
suck why would I ever do that like I
would look like a [ __ ] idiot you know
so no I like I put a lot of work into
putting this together to make sure that
like I don't
think that there are people that are in
the is in the business of collecting
stats that legitimately believe that
immigrants commit more crime than than
natives and this idea that we're missing
it with like second-generation
immigrants somehow or something is is
it's a it's a valid hypothesis but now
you have to provide the data to prove
that a number listen it couldn't give me
a source on anything he kept giving me
this really unrelated data there's 10
million Mexicans well okay what does
that have to do with integration Nick
what does it have to do with any of the
points bring in he would just give me
like this random disjointed data
I think it's cuz he wasn't prepared for
this at all and maybe I over prepared oh
I didn't get to read this quote at all
either
so Andrew balls PIMCO's chief investment
officer for global fixed income former
Financial Times journalist an ex teacher
of economics at Oxford published an
article in National Bureau of Economic
Research remarking on such as the
correlation between geography the
temperate versus non temperate zone and
its impact on societies yeah just that
there's like lots of problems that
countries experience that they can't
bring with them right like Africans
can't immigrate to the United States and
bring shitty temperatures right that
cause worse diseases it worse overall
medical care worse you know farming
conditions like this is kind of a there
are conditions that aren't that don't
come here from immigrants oh and we
didn't get to talk about this either
foreign-born populations from Africa are
actually some of the most educated
people in the country and they actually
hold degrees higher than European
immigrants foreign-born population in
the United States in 2010 this is a 2012
report by the US census shows that if
you come from Africa you've got a 10
percent higher chance of having a
bachelor's degree than if you come from
Europe now you can argue you can argue
that that may be the degrees are easier
to get an Africa or some [ __ ] but like
even if you look at like the breakdown
of like the number is like for instance
Nigerians are highly educated the the
median income for Nigerians is higher
than the median income for the average
American right that their median income
is 62 that so it's not like they get
like fake degrees and come to the United
States and do fuck-all or whatever there
are communities of white people that
commit crime the Italian mafia the Ku
Klux Klan although I don't know if
people consider this crime bad biker
gangs are primarily white people meth
labs and raised in the roll Midwest the
Aryan Brotherhood these are just
examples cuz he brought up that um that
white people don't commit crime and
claves like immigrants to Gallup and
Nick like I like this one
[Laughter]
when Africa sends people they're not
sending their worst guys they're sending
their most educated people oh I was
trying to look up numbers on the fly it
was really hard I was trying to
factoring him on the fly it's really
hard to do we didn't get to do any of
the we didn't get to do any of the
economic argument the economic argument
in the crime argument were the two that
I felt the most strongly about because
these are like these are the slam dunk
arguments nobody nobody legitimate
argues against the crime thing and
nobody legitimate argues against the
economic thing they just don't
immigrants are definitely a boon to the
economy and they seem to commit less
crime when you adjust for reasonable
reasonable like reasonable statistics
reasonable features or whatever they
seem to commit more or less crime than
their native counterparts these two
things are like not debated it just
seems like or I couldn't find any
evidence debating them I found like
there was like a Daily Caller article I
think I have somewhere where like they
try to like if you cherry-pick very
specific stats in very specific states
you can get some over-representation or
American crime for instance I think like
if you look at only like drug drug
runners like in Texas and you only look
at like federal incarceration and you
ignore state incarceration like you can
find you can find over representations
of Hispanics but most of those arguments
seem like they were really heavily
cherry-picked yeah I don't know I mean
if you have if anybody has like
alternate crime data I'd be really
interested to see it because it would be
like it would be a big deal if you could
find it because I just can't find any of
this data that shows that immigrants are
are committing more crime than natives I
just can't find that information what
else did we know so we didn't get to
talk about any of the economics [ __ ]
this was like this was a big slam dunk
er here social cohesion argument ah this
is a big one too I really wanted to
bring up the social cohesion argument
the last time I got into a debate with
Nick he brought up Robert
and Robert Putnam was the singular
person that he cited to prove that we
could not be socially cohesive we could
not be socially cohesive with immigrants
in the United States
he cited putnams research to prove that
but the funny thing is that Putnam
himself doesn't agree with that
assertion and he actually feels so
strongly against it that when the United
States Supreme Court ruled on Fisher
versus University of Texas but had which
had to do with affirmative action
policies basically some chick didn't get
into the school and she blamed
affirmative action when they went to
court Fisher cited putnams research as
evidence for why affirmative action
shouldn't exist
Putnam himself filed a brief with the
Supreme Court saying this [ __ ] is crazy
she's taking all of my research out of
context and I absolutely disagree and I
have quotes from Putnam himself and here
defending immigration defending the
integration of foreigners in our - into
our community and proclaiming the
benefits of things like increased
diversity and increased integration of
people from other countries here [ __ ] I
even had um I even had like there's like
YouTube cry even I listen to these
videos not a way of saying stop worrying
about these poor other poor kids in
America the immigrants are gonna fix it
for us I don't and and by the way family
stability in the second generation of
immigrants goes they revert to a the
American pattern that as the families
become less stable right the Americans
now the funniest thing is that some of
the biggest increases in integration of
Americans or I'm sorry in foreigners was
actually negative so for instance when
immigrants first come over they don't
commit as much crime but the first and
second generations start to commit more
crime but that's because they're
approaching the they're approaching the
native crime rates hold on let me see if
I can find this I actually had a Pew
article about this that was kind of
funny
crime arises among second-generation
immigrants as they assimilate so this is
our first generation immigration right
this is our first generation immigrants
these are the second generation
immigrant crime rates right where they
where because of integration potentially
right that's a pretty hard causal link
to make I'll be honest about that maybe
there are other things going on but like
I thought that was kind of funny that
second-generation immigrants commit more
crime because they're more similar to
the native people a few times your own
youth oh [ __ ] this wasn't the exact
quote I don't know why it linked to this
time stamp I think immigration is a big
success story in America absolutely do
you won't find me not saying immigration
as an important successor in America
that was the quote I don't know why it
linked to something different what isn't
I got like through the subtitles but I'm
too lazy [ __ ] that but anyway yeah the
Putnam thing I wanted to talk about the
social cohesion thing but I didn't get a
chance to do it I wanted to I was gonna
go more I was more because I had the
fact-based part of this argument
rock-solid I wanted to do more
philosophy with him I really wanted to
talk to him about religion and souls
because because I remember these to my
edgy atheist days this was just like
such a slam dunk argument it's so easy
to argue with somebody that's religious
because it's so insanely irrational to
be religious the problem is that you
have to concede that if you're religious
you're religious with no evidence
because you have no evidence for your
belief and that if you can assert a
belief without evidence and expect other
people to follow that belief you have to
accept other people asserting their
beliefs without evidence and you
following their beliefs and no religious
person will make that concession so you
can always force a religious person to
back up and say okay I'm sorry I want to
maintain my religiosity but I understand
I can't enforce those morals on you you
have to do that with every religious
person if you want to make an argument
for any sort of moral or spiritual basis
you have to be able to do so in a
secular manner or in a way that doesn't
force somebody to accept some sort of
supernatural boogeyman and I don't think
Nick would be able to do that because he
falls back on tradition tradition and
religiosity quite a bit
oh I had stuff I looked up stuff on the
brain drain and then I think there was
one more topic let's say oh the white
guilt argument that only white countries
are supposed to take on people that's
not true tons of Middle Easterners have
taken on have taken on refugees and
whatnot even Saudi Arabia has I believe
but they don't register them with the
UNHCR so I don't I don't want it I would
never cite Saudi Arabia numbers because
