welcome everybody to the October 2nd
2019 edition over the DT podcast because
I'm too lazy to keep track the numbers
now what's up
the numbers 28 if I recall correctly but
I only know because there's been no my
chat loves to remind me so I I don't
remember either honestly I actually
prefer to like I even a kadhi there the
20 doesn't doesn't even like even tell
you was sequentially where we are cuz
that we did it
slightly we do there were 28 weeks
straight and we've had a lot of gaps so
it's like the numbers incredibly
uninformative that's okay well I mean it
if I was you for what number episode Ron
so okay well you got
wait how what do you got for us today
alright so what I got for you today fam
we have the uh well you know something
big happened this past weekend we had a
twitchcon yeah damn straight
yeah right right so so we got um we got
two handsome streamers here right now
you know of absolute astronomical clout
so we both have a lot to talk about as
far as like recapping our twitchcon
experiences so I have that for us as
well as recapping all of the twitchcon
announcements and if we felt that they
were good bad or just like overdue okay
or maybe a stimuli from the competition
they're having now let's get let's get
right into it what did you do what did
what did you do for twitchcon actually I
gave a [ __ ] this year I actually
submitted panels I was part of panels
and I had an interactive productive to
it spawn well normally I don't you see
thank you man yeah I I wanted to kind of
what to give a [ __ ] this year actually
no one which which panels were you um oh
so there was a there was two panels
particularly I was proud of being part
of one was a there was a streamer
workshop that I I participated in one of
the twitch staff and reached out to me
and asked me what I'd be interested in
like doing a workshop thing I didn't
quite understand what I was getting into
but once I was there it was actually
really really awesome so by it being a
workshop it was like so like 90 to 150
streamers whether they were affiliate or
partner of any kind of size to come to
this workshop and do individualized
small group feedback
to help them become better broadcasters
and partners in a constructive dialogue
essentially so apparel is consider
professional and so I went over there
and yeah it was like about twenty to
twenty-two circular tables in this
huge-ass ballroom at twitchcon on Friday
morning I went over there and yeah we we
did our opening you know a little
ceremony explaining Who I am you know
I'm faced to try hard I've got clout was
good
you feel me and then from there yeah we
all every 10 minutes we rotate the table
so to be like eight broadcasters at a
table I would sit down interest Who I am
they all knew I was obviously and I
would I would give advice unlike what
they could do with streaming because we
only had 10 minutes though I would try
to open with like giving them any
burning questions they had about
streaming but particularly relevant to
my focus though I wanted to make sure
that they understood like the leap of
going from being a part-time worker
while balancing being a part-time
streamer and to try and get into
becoming a full-time sustainable
broadcaster so that was the thing I
focused on this movie creates you from
are are like our draft notes of how the
of how the the whole workshop would go
so I was part of that and I ended up
helping on so I talked about you know
over a hundred broadcasters in a
three-hour session and it was like
actually really really awesome yeah so I
did that did that which was pretty good
gave me give me a lot of feel-good
morality you know I remember that when
you were in Nebraska and you were just
like broke as [ __ ] and you were like
pissed off and just like you know why me
why me why me
so the yeah yeah which is kind of like I
was I'm so far removed from that now
because more like that's this is a
pressure trying to keep up with this
2015 onward [ __ ] where I'm actually like
you know full-time sustainable but you
know it reminded me back when I was
twenty eleven and I was like you know
young and coming up and just like the
throttle was just money so [ __ ] hard
dude
so you think that like I'm actually
really curious about that do you think
that like you have a harder time
relating to like average people because
of your position now since it's been so
long since you've kind of been on that
other grinder oh I hope not
I try really hard to to not do not
forget where I came from by the same
time though a huge a huge portion of why
I'm how I am is because I was a waiter
for eight years so like the whole idea
that I'm waiting years you have more
like [ __ ] work horrible like customer
service experience than I do
holy [ __ ] well it's not gonna plan it
that way I I don't I don't pride myself
in saying I was waiting for eight years
it was more like bro I tried quitting
the [ __ ] ton of times hey that's that's
still [ __ ] kind of experience it's good
yeah yeah it uh it kind of rewired my
brain essentially you know cuz
essentially the waiter job forced me to
like negate the the bottom the bottom
half of the emotional realm like I can't
go in the work pissed off or tilted or
salty well it's gonna it's gonna affect
my my demeanor and mood and all that
uh-huh same thing with streaming I mean
maybe you may be probably better than me
embracing it where you're like you know
you you will get pissed off on stream
because you will like you know lash out
at a lefty who's uh you know calling you
out or whatever but um ya know for me
though was like I really could not I
didn't have a great outlet for the
negative half of my emotions whether it
be at at work or or broadcasting and
when I was doing both simultaneously
sure so that kind of like changed
essentially Palin program to feel a
little bit which how long longer term
how long did you do the layover
but like working at a or they overlap
like working at twitch or working with
twitch in 2011 2011 until July 2015
so what is that like what or or your
some change okay
it was a wild [ __ ] wrong honestly it
was it was crazy now amongst those four
years though 2011 to like the end of
2012 I was also a full-time student at
University so I just like at that point
it was like yeah I only have like two
nights a week at most generally to
stream so I was a fifty viewer and II
until like in the 2012 I took one
semester off and then like I finally
could stream four to five minutes a week
and then I finally then I blew up to 300
viewers at the time okay so I got all do
you sign I would be really interesting
for those workshops is to get the names
and ID's of like all the people that you
talk to and they control them against an
average and save the people to go to
those workshops actually end up
benefiting like do better extremely
something would be really interesting oh
well you know what actually okay you
look I'm telling you all the boring [ __ ]
about it like what it wasn't what I did
I can give you some of the juice some of
them were like super lost my sauce like
if you want to eat if you want to hear
more about that workshop and like what
what I felt were red flags of
delusion ISM even word like we're at
fives of being delusional as far as like
what they think they should be doing
versus what they should actually should
be doing sure if you got funny stories
tell us but I think I think a lot of
people get really bored of like just
talking about strimmer issues so I try
to stay away from that that's a good
training but if you got some good ones
hit us with oh [ __ ] it dude well okay
I'll give you one there was it was one
chick who was like I work full-time at
[ __ ] what what's dude like a security
data firm or whatever and I do like 60
hours a week over there so I only do
like two to three hour streams like
every other night or something like that
and I want to grow further she was like
throttle that like you know 10 to 20
viewers essentially and I want to grow
further I don't know what to do and I'm
just like whoa just a flat case if you
don't have your priorities or not or not
in check here I mean you get you have
this job I'm gonna why for what reason
you're working a lot for it but like you
got to put more time on what it is
clearly your priority is to work at this
full-time gig more moreso than grow your
streams so you know you're always going
to be strapped for time it's your most
precious resources as broadcasters go so
like you don't have any time so you
can't you can't do anything you can't
apply any of your ideas effort or
fortitude into that kind of draw
ultimately but yeah that was like it was
more like a I wanted to like laughs I'm
like gala done you can do right here
ultimately you're out of time uh-huh but
yeah you write those it's kind of like
not that important but - yeah that was
very fulfilling I did that that was cool
Friday morning I thought no one was
showed that kind of thing but actually
it was like CAPTA it was capped all the
way I could even get to everyone
honestly but there was a lot of love and
it was really really good cuz made me
feel humbled for back when I was in my
humble beginnings so I did that I had a
meet and greet you know I have my
stacked meet-and-greet that you told me
lastly was gonna I was gonna be [ __ ] I
was gonna be you know I was gonna be the
little little wet I didn't say you'd get
[ __ ] I just said I'd be really nervous
being put against a lot of big content
creators I mean I was well it was chill
actually I actually uh believe it or not
I didn't have the smallest one in there
I didn't have time to look at the other
lines also busy in the same of my line
my 90-minute line was capped off and I
had to actually do the final like 20
people in an after-party
behind the meet-and-greet area so joke's
on you [ __ ] I'm relevant nice so we did
that I did mine mine went pretty well it
was the same thing in the lines I was
really surprised I thought I would get
worked by like often xqc but it seemed
to go okay so not good [ __ ] dude at same
time there's some of them like um some
of them do like very minimal you know
meet-and-greets pan shake glad your big
fan no effort to maintain conversation
of any kind just kind of move on to be
like an optimal like time management
thing uh-huh I know where I was always
like eager to like hear about like you
know why there why they why they watch
me whether it being so I get a lot of I
get a lot of mixed things some it's for
the gameplay others it's for the DT
podcast specifically by the way others
the you know it's the political [ __ ]
whether I'm on Scott podcast or this or
anything in between
so I'm getting kind of like a mix of
like the growth of me the broadcaster of
being more well-rounded having different
reasons to come check me out
yeah that's interesting to see like
where people find you from I got like
four or five people in a row that said
they really wanted to go back to playing
a league which was interesting yeah
would you on if Lily wants to play
always dutifully wants to play and I'm
free but otherwise no gacha gacha yeah
at the time in a place for it I mean I
get some to that tell me that they want
me to return to Yoshi's Island I'm a few
of the familiar with mammoths and it's
like well I think you can apparently
leaked to a little essentially here cuz
like Yoshi's Island competitively it's
like a 60 hour a week game to get as
good as I was at that game at its time
and it's like it's such a steep incline
to like get good again and to get even
better because you know like I dropped
in 2015 so for me to get back in now and
be like you know six months of
continuous trying to get back to the to
the to the Klout factor of like actually
putting a dent on the top five liter
board uh-huh
and just like yeah well you know it's
always like you know if you if y'all
want that keep mom I'm gonna be
neglecting everything else dude like
everything else casual playthrough is
political [ __ ] you know any ambition for
any other ideas I have whether be the
tracks podcast where I do other [ __ ] and
another you know anything like that you
know I mean uh-huh
so okay any other exciting things happen
at twitchcon so did the workshop did the
meet-and-greet what were the big are
glad I did go to the global emote meetup
oh yeah that was held that was held the
expo hall I'm sorry which I had pictured
here actually I'll have any pictures
honestly I went there and it was a mean
hot pocket dansgaming bless orangey
with rage like I'm forgetting hey guys
pick up all the ones it was like almost
like 10 global emos were all all there
together uh-huh
so we did a bunch of selfies and
everyone to talk about everything else
and it was pretty cool um nothing
interesting there particularly but you
know I did that Saturday and then and
then the other panel I volunteered to be
part of there actually was a my my
accountant my CPA he tried to apply to
do like a tax tips for streamers panel
at twitchcon in the past but it got shut
down and so he wanted to submit again
brows like wait wait wait wait okay look
want you to submit with me being the
headline like like if it's just you you
know a nobody doing it they might shoot
it down but if it's like reinforces like
other broadcasters who are there like I
guess me I think then they would
probably improve it you know like we can
give it a shot who happens here so you
know he put me on the panelist and it
got approved so we had a tax tips for
streamers panel and from there we
invited of my my attorney my copyright
attorney who got me verified on Twitter
and then we also invited a financial
advisor as a good friend of my
accountant and together that Holy
Trinity the the copyright attorney the
the financial advisor and the CPA all
together with me is like the the you
know the famous or exodia all the center
led to the panel being super dope yeah
like 60 people in the audience and I was
pretty I was pretty fun okay what was
the best tax tip you guys have probably
the most useful one for it was a lot of
affiliates by the way it wasn't like it
was like known partners here it actually
wasn't a tax tip it was really more the
the attorney telling everyone review
those contracts when y'all sign these
this crazy-ass [ __ ] about being able to
use your likeness in apparel in
perpetuity
whenever you're an affiliate and then
they come back like five years later and
you're like partner and they can still
milk that contract from way back when if
you're signed cuz you didn't get it
early checked that can hurt you that and
other grandfather terms like that he put
down a short list of like the five
things to look for in a contract so like
look out for and trying to dodge
essentially so it was really good it was
super insightful honestly and the best
part is it was streamed so uh Joyce that
TV slash twit
Khanh pjsugar I was in the pjsugar
theater so yeah it was pretty cool yeah
that's what I that's what I did in the
daytime you know I might I just solve it
there's like none of the fun stuff where
you know we were like you know I'm
saying going to the parties you know you
had the you can talk about the partner
party we talked about discord party we
can talk about you know you know mean
you went on a double date you know was a
we went to Cheesecake Factory had a
great time there you know I didn't know
was your birthday that was super
adorable that it wasn't my [ __ ]
birthday you [ __ ] [ __ ] I hate you
that wasn't my idea by the way that's
what you know that I wish it was doing
wish I thought about it but wait whose
idea was it it was one that was the end
actually got it okay yeah we all we all
went to uh I shouldn't go back here okay
so so we're all gonna hang right like me
rain add and destiny everyone it's all
gonna go hang out I think this is like
early Sunday evening right and this is
like hey look we're gonna go to Korean
barbecue and I'm like oh I'm toddlers
because actually I couldn't find any
Korean barbecue and sat-nav not San
Diego so I'm kind of curious of where
we're going right now we end up getting
to the place we're going to
and the place that destiny found this
whole [ __ ] wack ass Oh Koreans listen
I just brought up Google Maps I search
for Korean barbecue because I don't make
decisions for the group nobody makes it
everybody stands I'm like oh so I feel
like okay cool let's go cream barbeque
everyone care that okay fine oh look at
the [ __ ] first place all right let's
go anybody have a preference yeah he's
fine yes okay cool so we went to some
place apparently was like Korean fusion
food some like [ __ ] Panda Express
Korean food it wasn't cream yeah yeah we
found like we found a [ __ ] Cheesecake
Factory turbine we went there okay okay
okay no no no your fault it wasn't all
my father went to Cheesecake Factory it
was fun apparently does [ __ ] food
fights holy [ __ ] wait what Kenny was
like throwing [ __ ] bread with butter
at my [ __ ] head it was ridiculous
never happened with such an adolescent
child my entire life it was unbelievably
[ __ ] cringy we almost got kicked out
because of how [ __ ] crazy she was but
well well yeah so the that is true you
know I kind of asked what happened there
but I saw like the butter and your hair
and I just thought I don't know maybe
this is like how they do that
get down and like in West Coast it's a
white or something you wouldn't
understand okay yeah I wouldn't get it
yeah you know just whatever well um but
yeah it was the one that wasn't the end
though um I don't know her name but uh
dad I once no no not that damn zone she
was with me no it was a little Leah Fox
are you mom who was the girl next to
denim so it was her she wasn't when he
was Lucy is that her name Lanka Rock
yeah not not the guy wanted not the one
I wanted not the one who like was gone
for 45 minutes straight no that one yeah
oh well yeah the other one I yeah I
think I know you're there right okay
yeah yeah but once you said like the
idea it was like you know yeah okay yeah
so I hope you enjoy it man happy
birthday
Thanks okay big twitchcon announcements
alright so yeah so hot take number one
why would you do it you should do it
Scott um I had a ton of [ __ ] business
meetings I ran around I took a lot of
sponsors I tried to get on board some
games oh wait not Lucy Alice I think
he's finally [ __ ]
I I try to UM oh yeah basically yeah I J
goal is to like kind of like it what I
try to do is I try to find game
companies that I think I like and then I
try to like tell him I'll give him like
really good rates if they do like any
campaigns for the game so there was like
something like mech strategy game that I
talked to I got to talk to the
publishers of Kerbal space program I
really hope to get on Kerbal space
program to shortlist and then I run
around and I talked to like Asus razor
SteelSeries to see like who I could
float a sponsorship with if I didn't
want to wear their headphones which is
really [ __ ] hard to do or only wear
the headphones when I'm mobile and I'm
kind of like poking Razer for that right
now it seems like the most likely case
I'm a lot of people are apparently hmm a
lot of people apparently are you can
stop mid-sentence yeah that's all I'm
gonna say sorry [ __ ] I always forget
what I'm supposed to say on our site
that people have like exciting products
coming out but I never remember like
what I'm what said or not said alright
you know what [ __ ] it a lot of people
because I think summer announced some
have announced yet a lot of people have
like wireless mice coming out like a lot
of people are hopping in that Logitech
Train where they're like starting to
make their own like Wireless mice and
then get their own like charge your
mouse pad
which is pretty cool because right now
I'm actually like I am super locked into
using logitech's like Mouse like I can't
I can't I'll never use a wired mouse
again ever and I'm never gonna use a
mouse I have to plug in in charge
so until other people start making mice
that have that are both wireless and
have like a mouse pad that I can set the
mouse on
I'm never switching over this mouse so
it's really cool to see other people
starting to get into that game
interesting actually
so right now so you're saying that
you're like loyal to a wireless mouse
you don't want a cord about anymore not
anymore dude having I don't know if
you've ever played games like like like
I don't know you do like mouse and
keyboard games I like competitive levels
or whatever but having to fight the
[ __ ] cord and then having a set up
the goddamn [ __ ] bungee [ __ ] that
you're fighting with the [ __ ] cord on
the bungee and it's got to be like the
perfect length and you give it enough
slack so that when you move the mouse
around you've got this [ __ ] ponytail
let's book it flap it around it's so
[ __ ] annoying I hate I hate bungees I
hate mice I hate trying to [ __ ] setup
the perfect like rig that's constructed
optimally so that I can move my mouse
away from Anna near it without any [ __ ]
it's impossible to do it I hate that you
know it honestly I completely get it
because like if you have too much slack
essentially you lose like half a mouse
pad because you got to like yeah cuz you
got this [ __ ] ponytail like flopping
around and your goddamn [ __ ] mouse
pad you're running into it it's like
[ __ ] yeah or it falls off the table
it pulls your whole [ __ ] Mouse down I
think it's [ __ ] crazy [ __ ] that [ __ ]
dude I completely you know honestly on
this note I feel you on the cord [ __ ]
honestly like I have at least in hyzer
headphones they're really comfy I love
them but this cord this cord kills me
dude yeah I've never seen it's a temp
record by the way I've never seen a cord
get caught on my computer chair so
[ __ ] much on a day-by-day basis wait
what happens you have sennheiser HD 598
oh I've got no you don't yeah those are
five those 599 505 95 sorry the model
now is off on that AIDS okay gotcha well
I think it's even because I use f5 98
but I think they got upgraded no it's
just $5.99 I don't know if I found any
time but anyway yeah i know ii mean i
i've got 600 and it's the same problem
dude i fight with this cord so [ __ ]
much nothing is more than you know when
you're like at the end of the day you
want to like just like especially when
you've got like chairs with like arms
and [ __ ] on it like armrests and it's
like Watto high in it and you try to get
it out but it's like tangled around the
[ __ ] base of the chair
you're crawling around your [ __ ] like
you're on a [ __ ] jungle gym trying to
figure out where the [ __ ] cord is
originating from it somehow it's getting
worn off [ __ ] all that [ __ ] but uh dude
no nothing worse than when you get like
an Amazon delivery come to you midstream
you try to get up and it's like you have
to you know you're just [ __ ] like I
don't know dude you're just trying to
get up and can't get up dude it's crazy
now problems y'all but like it is it's
it's actually a [ __ ] it is like
multiple times per day and it's
impressively bad how pal tangled things
get when you haven't even moved
uh-huh stupid but anyway yeah Wireless
my stick is [ __ ] I'm excited to see
other people stepping into the arena now
tight tight
I hear you in that one dude I'm all for
it actually I'm in the same I was saying
boil something first some I was looking
to move out move on from easing get a
wireless wireless headphones but the
space is I find not that compelling
right now still tbh but I don't wanna I
don't want to derail further until like
me ranting about like my criteria for
headphones but point is I hear you
though I'm excited for this space to get
better too as well yeah for sure but um
yeah anyway be a VIP is he just like
business meetings and then bouncing
parties I hate loud parties I never stay
for more than like 5 or 10 minutes I'd
go there another one stuff like that are
you me so so then obviously you're very
critical of the the twitch partner party
on Thursday then the twitch partner
party I did what the the sorry the
twitch partner mixer Thursday night yeah
he's not by for like a minute yeah yeah
okay so if we all weren't there for the
the twitch partner mixer last year the
partner mixer was on a Saturday night
and it was pretty cool actually it was
pretty dope it was like abaca art house
and like the the whole like backyard of
the art house was like a huge like patio
section where everyone's kinda like walk
around
no way did you say Saturday night am I
crazy last year last oh okay yeah I got
you yeah I'm framing for how it was last
year it was pretty cool in everyone got
to like walk around you know get you
know drinking and main goals pretty cool
actually got to meet a lot of people is
very very productive in terms of like
you know healthy socializing
comparatively this year though it was on
Thursday night to compete with the
discord party that the discord throws
every Thursday before twitch Congress
this was not part of which officially so
they can't do anything about that and
they try to compete with that but this
time it was a block party they closed a
block
off in downtown San Diego and like the
the bar on the block you can walk into
but the whole thing was cut off for
partners exclusively and there was the
same ol [ __ ] dude I've had they had some
[ __ ] whup dub DJ out there just
[ __ ] blowing it up it was like 5
billion decibels and I couldn't hear a
damn thing yeah I'm screaming five
minutes in my voice is going off and
like annoyed as hell dude yeah I can't
what I have to if I've got to like sit
and if I gots to go to a party to talk
someone in there right across me like
hey how you doing tracks I'm like scream
at you like did I hate it I leave I
always leave it's [ __ ] garbage and it
was only beer there and I'm not my beer
sucks I'm sorry I'm sorry
DG trad I hate y'all I'm sorry I hate to
break it to y'all but that was Islip hey
beer sucks so uh yeah no cocktails
nothing else it was only beer I was like
dude and the bartender's there did not
did not uh we're not making cocktails
either even though it was like paid for
I'm like oh wow this sucks okay I'm out
uh-huh so dude they had oh my god my
hopes have never been brought so high to
only be crushed to such depths in such a
short amount of time at the partner
lounge there was [ __ ] free Starbucks
they weren't serving hot chocolates damn
god damn you know what's funny about
that I didn't even know where the
partner lounge was until like Sunday
evening so I didn't even know like do I
had so many pails of [ __ ] like did you
ever walk around like I didn't even get
to like walk around the entire venue
until like Saturn orbit so it's till
Sunday no like I have like [ __ ] to do
like every single time it was either
like me I meet someone or do some kind
of business deal or whatever and uh like
so for example I even know that the
theater through the D Hall to do a
security check for back checking I know
that was even a thing until Sunday
because both Friday and Saturday I
somebody escorted me in through the B
Hall to skip back check because I go to
at 10 o'clock or whatever so whenever I
came down the Sunday now I was going in
like a regular partner I just didn't I
didn't even know that the D Hall was the
bag check because like had a [ __ ] how do
I get to the B Hall when the D Hall was
where we got our badges and it to change
the badge that changed where you get the
badge until I go into being a bag a
check after day to zero I'm sorry no no
here comes my bad but just you know I
was caught the patient man running their
weight okay one thing I will say that
twitchcon did better
yeah they did not [ __ ] around with
getting people in quickly they had a lot
of [ __ ] lines of [ __ ] dude I don't
know I'm for people who went last year
that [ __ ] was like a [ __ ] 3 it would
the wait was so long they were giving
free tickets out for the next day but
this year they did not [ __ ] around you
they got people [ __ ] processed it was
some efficient ass [ __ ] no you're right
you're right last year last year wasn't
San Jose right um sounds right that what
was I don't remember
I recall correctly or San Francisco San
Jose is near San Francisco right it's
something ye yeah yeah yeah sure yeah I
think that's where was here yeah it was
yeah you're not wrong we got remember it
being like an hour and a half to get it
on day one it was pretty partners it was
like upwards of like five to six hours
yeah it was pretty terrible I remember
that too and the getting your badge on
day zero was a it closed off at a
shockingly early time I recall that like
my my my boy came in from Louisiana with
me - he's affiliate and he uh he
couldn't when he when his flight landing
cuz he got delayed twice over he got
there like he landed like at 6:30 and by
the time he was at the place there
already the ended badge for day zero
whack but this year they had badges
going on till 10 o'clock so I was like
way way better so yeah all right not
wrong there big twitchcon announcements
what do they know it's do they know is
anything worth caring about
okay so I'll just run through the the
small ones and get to the big ones here
so new announcements obviously you solve
it isn't in the new UI which everyone's
apparently upset about or whatever I
actually really like it I think it looks
nice I don't know I used to people mad
about the font apparently the fonts
pissing everybody office and I'm using
like CSS mocks don't even what the [ __ ]
looks like here but I like the font - I
really like the whole redesign I think
it looks way better than it did before
like not like hands down I think it's
like I just said flat like massive
improvement holy [ __ ] yeah I think it's
more legible I think the emphasis on
what - see what I like about it too is
that the the stream titles are more more
big like so like the things people
aren't looking at now there's like very
obvious focal points on what to look at
and what in what the students about -
[ __ ] like that so new UI
twitchcon EU dates now May 2nd and 3rd
and Amsterdam okay that's the confirmed
[ __ ] as bad as confirmed yes nothing's
available yet though no tickets are
tickets nor hotel or lodging or
available but
May 2nd and 3rd now there is one minor
thing I heard though apparently there's
like a big because that's a pretty
that's a pretty loaded date I would say
there's there's a big EU thing going on
at the same time it's gonna make travel
and lodging pretty terrible 4yb right so
I'm just kidding I don't know I don't
know what it is offhand I forgot America
mighty you savvy but someone told me
there's like some big thing going on at
that time and it's gonna it could have
chose a little more the couch was a less
competitive date set from what I
understand but it's all good [ __ ] it but
you know I don't know I mean logistical
II it's more complicated than what I'm
saying right now though so what I know
ultimately see a new UI twitchcon EU
dates creator dashboard overhaul is also
coming here to now it's gonna be hot
buttons do you personally use a stream
deck
Delgado's kickback no anything like that
well you know what it is though thing
with a little bit of love in it those
memes on your stream or whatever well I
could do stuff only Modi can do you know
control your your your gato lights and
kind of [ __ ] like that well anyways
they're essentially simulating that
functionality filing on the dashboard so
like you can have modular buttons on
your dashboard for for things like
sub-only like if you are tired of typing
out sub-only or email only or slow mode
for a certain duration these big hot
buttons will be on your dashboard you
can move them around however you want
like it like right now where it's like a
weird your dashboard currently looks
like a bunch of floating widgets now
it's gonna be like a modular UI this is
looks way [ __ ] better ultimately so
that's new which is pretty cool now
going in from there here we have a
channel points which is like a super non
surprise here you know you can now
that's a that's gonna probably come in
later this year essentially but yeah and
now all the cute BOTS you saw before
where you earn points for reviewing a
for watching being an engaging member of
the community
now you'll you can redeem that currency
and like do cute things with it
so just unlock a random sub emote or
flip an emote or add glasses to an emote
or whatever getting here oh you got it
I'm so low key there's so much [ __ ] you
can do on the twitch [ __ ] now I'm super
distracted you can have you can like
change your color doesn't have any
purple anymore
actually wait where's that at I was
looking for this earlier and I couldn't
tell that why am i went to my settings
on the left channel well you can make
your channel like no longer like black
and whatever or you can like change like
the accent color hold on Save Changes
anyway let me go to a ways you and your
dashboard on your channel you're doing
this dashboard on my channel dashboard
okay wait okay where does the blue shop
at light theme dark theme what you're
talking about here okay I changed it to
blue guys where does the blue show up at
where does even ad test
oh I'm triggered this isn't a dashboard
setting is it oh no no wait if you go to
if you go to your dashboard look at the
left on the bottom left under settings
it's on her channel it shows up in the
directory when hovering on your stream
thumbnail oh okay click oh okay
twitch.tv slash directory just chatting
oh it's blue when you hover over the so
cute okay okay okay sorry so that's that
only change in the song changes how you
appear in the directory isn't actually
minute so I like it okay I dude I
actually think the redesign looks so
good
I heard somebody got triggered about it
I actually think it looks so much better
than I did before holy [ __ ] it's like
generally with redesigns it's really
hard to tell if a redesign is good or
bad because everything feels bad
initially because you have to adjust to
something new and it feels like wrong
but I don't know like this one like
immediately pops at me or maybe I just
didn't like the last one like this just
feels like we're really good but okay
okay so we have that what else do we
have going on let's see here what else
we got here we have like I said channel
points now you earn currency for a
watching channel and you can do cute
things particularly if you're a poor you
don't have mom's vault on speed-dial to
buy more v bucks well now you can use
channel points to temporarily unlock a
random sub emote for 24 hours you can
unlock a specific emote for double the
cost for 500 points rather than 250
amongst other cute interactable things
so you're gonna see constant spam if
people do
the channel pulling redemptions to like
do stuff so that bTW now you can also
make your name like you can make your
name glow you can make your message glow
there's a lot of like really really cute
things you can do with the channel
points down to kind of a now this is
kind of like a no-brainer like this
we've had we've had BOTS it's kind of
simulate this for a very very long
period of time but the thing is you know
now that you know now that ninja wants a
mixer now there's all eyes on the
competition of twitch and it with the
ghoul they ever gained any any any
tangible amount of control of the market
you know just now like really went under
the radar and gunned it to get the
channel points out there so how do you
manage it
oh it's in beta it's in beta yeah you
can there's a there's a Google form to
fill out for partners to get in but I
think they're doing the beta in ways
right now and I will get in cuz I got
that DMCA ban I actually can't do
sub-only screams right now either Oh
actually no I can either honestly either
cuz at the MC man for me as well yeah
bad okay and then I see here the now
getting to the big stuff though that
that's all the small things from here on
out it's a it's big stuff so you ready
yeah I'm ready for the hype now also if
I could bring up here by the way I
actually went to the the opening
ceremony for twitchcon this year you
know what were they usually announce
[ __ ] we're like last year they announced
farts streaming the year before they
announced gifts something you know they
usually like one definitive announcement
as usually gonna very like you know
tight very obvious package this year I
think it's worth bringing up here that
they had image here the CEO of twitch
come out on stage and be interviewed in
like a very long form 45-minute kind of
boring interview that was like comments
like a lot I was like a lot of [ __ ] but
they had announcements kind of littered
and sort of the middle of it so it's
like it wasn't like a definitive like
clean presentation what the ideas were
at that at the kind of like really
clutch onto the twitch blog to kind of
remember like what was really announced
because there's still a bunch of [ __ ] in
between like a bunch of things he was
talking about what the twitch vision and
all the other stuff and all that so it's
important to bring up here that that was
like mmm
I give they're going for if the
transparency by having image here be
literally interviewed like and but I
know still was a high degree of
scripting this to it and it was kind of
ultimately boring to watch I mean maybe
I'm wrong maybe ask ask
maybe we can tell you they've had more
fun watching than I did but with that
but not who cares alright with that
aside though hype stuff that's coming
here now ok so adds add to not changing
now now as we have a picture-in-picture
mode so what happens is um whenever your
video feed is going on and you're you
want to play an ad your video feel your
video feed will shrink to a quarter of
its size and be on the top of the top
right of your chat it has to by default
on the right so you're you know you know
your video we will be covering
essentially you know a quarter of the
chat and shrinking like
picture-in-picture mode while the ad
replaces what was currently where your
video player was yeah then also a beacon
you never have your eyes completely off
the stream essentially did they say
anything else about ads on channels yes
that you will if you play ads I think
that I think the rate if you play ad
planning on Russia you get to remove a
thing right yeah you get to remove
pre-rolls hell yeah that sounds [ __ ]
awesome where the [ __ ] is that setting
it I need that setting right the [ __ ]
now it's coming it's coming soon it's
not alive yet but cuz we don't even know
what the threshold is I assume it's 2
per hour like a minute of ads per hour
but I could be wrong could be higher huh
but we'll have to see here so yeah I'm
not sure an exact number though but yeah
you can you can kill pre-rolls which is
you know Imperials are super toxic I had
completely some of the worst ads on the
Internet there what I think it's it was
the one thing for a while I had adblock
I don't only I blocked it for a while I
did and the thing that drove me to it
was pre rolls literally I can't think of
a worse product than when somebody's
saying some hype [ __ ] is happening on a
stream and you want to see it
immediately you click it and you've got
to sit through a 45 second pre-roll
sometimes garbage and the volume is like
not standard either it's like no Jack
Roy please kill me so that's in here
what's a pre-roll a pre-roll was
whenever you would enter a stream and
irrelevant of the streamer of
broadcaster settings you had to endure
an ad or joining the stream you get
pre-rolled with an ad not optionally
wait for which stream what are you
saying I was explains it was one of my
trap but uh
you know yeah yeah so it's usually one
ad though right like I've never gotten
more than one so if you have you gotten
like multiple three girls in a row
before it should only be a one yeah okay
I was making sure I was like damn that's
crazy if you add more if you got more
than one so if you refresh they just
gave you another yeah just know my god I
did yeah it's pretty shitty nothing
worse all Stu by the way um you raid
someone or you host someone and then
like you want to see their reaction and
you just like you know you're stuck in
the ad city it's like [ __ ]
so wait people I saying they've gotten
to really I don't think I've ever gotten
to before but okay damn yeah ask Ari
this either way we can all agree that
the the ad system right now is actually
garbage I completely agree with you
so they said a couple of things here
yeah we're gonna picture-in-picture with
ads with that play now it's coming
coming soon but unquote disable pre-roll
ads if you play a certain threshold ads
for time they also said they're gonna
have a volume stabilization now which is
like I mean delivers that towards that
two years ago but okay it's better
better late than never so the ads don't
no longer be like you know what I wanna
be like you know freaking explosions out
of your [ __ ] ear drum into the ad
itself yeah yeah
well that's cool um any other big con
announcements oh we got we got more yet
more so though so you have that you have
that we have one more big thing which
was the new channel page I'll read off
to you here the new channel page will
include the ability to create a channel
trailer um so whenever you're offline
people can like look at your your
trailer at you can create yourself cause
I get you to the intro video when you go
to check that channel trailer publish
stream schedules and provide more detail
to help new viewers get to know you in
your channel so there's gonna be like so
right now we have like the the panels
beneath the video player it's kind of
mediocre I would say now there will be
tabs beneath the video player one for
info one for schedule one for other [ __ ]
too
this is coming in 2020 but it was pretty
cool they showed it very very briefly
the the schedule thing looks like a
cable TV set-top like TV Guide thing you
can literally put that you're playing
you can only say I'm going live at you
know two to ten and you can say that
like you're doing Li
from like two to the five and you can
scroll the horizontal bar to go further
and see what you're playing at seven
o'clock for example yeah that's it as
well okay so yeah that's gonna be pretty
pretty freakin tight so people can like
be in power don't like what they want to
watch does they only want to watch you
you know debate some some some Papago
person they can come in for that and
that only apiece out they want to uh-huh
I think it's being the PI rabbit is
shrinking certainly um yeah they gave
now notably they gave at twitchcon I
gave an extended look at the new channel
page they on the blog post it's like a
very very brief thing but it does look
really good so if you like the new UI I
think you'll really like the new channel
page I will - actually I'm really
excited for it so that's coming in 2020
the the final thing of new announcements
there though is that uh this is also
coming say this is coming soon so I
assume 2020 here but uh there will be a
hype train so right there's gonna be a
built in like detection of like
consecutive things happening at one time
whether it be like you know emote combo
spam or like bits occurring can
frequently or like a sub train you get
instead you take the sub train meta and
apply it to everything everything
interactable on Twitch and there's not
gonna be a new thing for it called hype
train uh-huh it'll be a built-in meter
polls polls will now be internalized
next which finally finally finally so
you can you can conduct polls natively
three twitches uh twitches chat client
book on their line if that doesn't crash
like crazy or whatever you have do you
think well why do I say that it just
seems like a lot of [ __ ] to handle like
running polls and like even straw poll
has trouble daily the load a lot
sometimes when big streamer supreme
polls in their chat I'm curious if
twitch is chat a little oh oh you know
what I don't think about that yeah if
you're like in XQ sees Chad and you like
do like a poll like the amount of
[ __ ] imagine if they made it so you
can do a poll but you have to pay bits
like even like two bits just to vote for
something that would be [ __ ] awesome
holy [ __ ] mm-hmm that should that should
be a thing actually that should be a
thing actually I would be a very pretty
cool I I quickly agree with you I'm
hoping it doesn't run like a polish it
but you're right I could see you know XQ
sees chatter whoever's Chad just like
absolutely draining my mom's laptop's
battery making it really really hot
you know and then the last thing here
and this if I won I would like your uh
like your your take on here bits
auto-refill there will be an option
later next year to be able to have your
bits autofill when you're running to
empty if you want the you know to keep
on to know don't reload like what
they're like with my Starbucks card yeah
yeah so there's that there was some
there was some naysayers on Twitter who
were saying that they uh it seems
predatory but I mean I don't know it's
like is it and I was like it's kind of I
guess one of the idea of I guess is is
it predatory he's it's kind of I already
normalized the subscription models
already as it is or gotcha games or
whatever maybe like basically the goal
is you I mean you can see its predatory
kind of is kind of isn't basically the
goal is to remove as many hurdles
between you and giving money to the
streamer the platform is possible right
right mm-hmm yeah and also to separate
the UH the separate the attachments of
the money to like you're not thinking
about what you're spending so I admit it
does work I remember um my first time
interacting with it actually with bits
was I bought like a hundred dollars in
bits in 2017 or whatever like the year
after it came out or whatever I found
that bought a [ __ ] ton and man I it's
crazy how quick of blew three hundred
dollars like I would just start like bid
8-bit tipping left and right it was just
like mostly be a giant [ __ ] its ship
post and chat because the more the more
accept more as being assured of the more
like Pony it was whatever and yeah a
hundred dollars lasted like not even a
month honestly it was crazy now I
wouldn't do anything bigger than like
500 at a time I was still like you know
blown through like you know 100 dollars
and bits pretty quickly sure what else
that is uh that is everything for
twitchcon announcements now the only the
last thing I have for you to be cool
from twitchcon itself here is a
structured recap of in general your
categorical accomplishments here what
was most cringe what was the most hype
what was your best moment what was your
worst moment do you have any regrets
comic-con yeah honestly my hopes which
one was business I'm really excited that
I got to talk to the KSP
producer if I get like a sponsorship for
that game that would be so sick I would
love love love that getting sponsored to
do things that I really like doing is
like my number one like happiness in
life
yeah but I would say like most almost
everything I did this week was weekend
was like business-related so I mean yeah
I don't know there's not like any huge
like ups or downs or anything yeah
mm-hmm okay well I met a crap-ton of
fans like I can think of a couple of
things here my my single most cringe
actually have two moments of cringe for
you you might enjoy I've got a lot of
things but I've got and you know people
come at me and been like you know oh wow
I thought you'd be taller in person or
wow wow you're fatter than I thought you
were gonna be or you know you know just
you know generally think that this would
put me in a situation where I feel like
either like acknowledge the the commom
reaction I would have to it or or you
know just like kinda have me be mr.
confrontation but to pitch moments here
one was at the Saturday night at the
twitch party with blink-182 and and in
logic right at the baseball stadium
right I was there it was a cat who
stopped me and was like yo Triax and he
caught me pulls me over he's like hey
man he knew I thought you'd be darker in
person Jesus and I was like and so my
gut reaction was like just to like make
it not awkward for him because I was
like oh well you know I have a lot of
lighting around to make my green screen
work well so my complexion privateers a
little bit brighter probably appears a
little higher than it actually is and
and but then like you know in the moment
I made it not awkward because I didn't
choose to make it a confrontational
thing to call it out but I'm just like
what was the implication behind that I
thought you'd be darker than you
actually are
and it's like mine to meet a certain
pigmentation quota like I might not
I'm not dark enough to be woken enough
to maybe it wasn't talking about your
skin maybe was talk about your attitude
Triax oh here we go here we go well you
know what well maybe it maybe it wasn't
it didn't I didn't call that [ __ ] out
you know I just it was just like you
know one that was like I don't do this
one here you know I've gotten some of
the past I've gotten ones in the past
where it's like you know you know are
you really black is there a for-real and
[ __ ] like bad and can I touch it and you
know I've gotten bad things like that
you know so it's no big deal so the
other the other cringe moment though was
a whenever I was hanging up by the OBS
booth the open broadcaster software
oh yeah Jenna and all his friends got
their own booth
here that's so exciting yeah yeah yeah
shouts in video for sponsoring the OBS
booth yeah I gave him a lot of love dude
he's easy super homie well um so while I
was there I got pulled over and this was
the only time I was streamed without
consent at the twitch con which is like
which is you know whatever it was a way
worse problem in 2016 but now this year
was like super duper chill had a guy
pulled me over and you ever heard of D
live yeah okay so this cat was on D live
not not mixer not you know whatever
Facebook gaming oh my boys on deal III I
only know about from like getting emails
about joining a platform whatever well
anyways though it was like yo man this
is a I know it's Tom's come here man
it's a Skeeter coming at you live on D
vibro matrix bro man I gotta ask you a
question man how does it feel to be the
trihard emo bruh
I mean why we had a bro man why you sold
the email to twitch man why didn't you
sell that [ __ ] to YouTube man could make
some [ __ ] Bank man you feelin me I was
just like why didn't I sell the emo to
YouTube rather than twitch i dude Mike
my boy was like so far gone I'm like I
don't even know where to go with that I
almost had the bust out laughing I was
just like I cuz he was already
he was live and I didn't want to roast
them for bit I was gonna like roast them
for me it was just like too many things
he'd like his demeanor look he looked
was a fortnight playing bang chugging
gigas Zoomer I didn't even like I didn't
even know where to begin if I wanted to
roast him on his appearance if I want to
roast him up for being on D live for
everyone to like ask him why are you on
this trash platform Alan something
better like Facebook gaming like I had
so many things I could have did but I
was like do I be that guy now I'm still
yeah it was so cute at it like that's
come along with it's like but it was it
was pretty it was pretty surreal to have
you know I have I think it's like the
platform you go Tim you've been banned
from everything else basically yeah
exactly that right like hate to bring up
a past wounds here but I feel like um
what platform is Britney venti on now
dealers and they're like is it alive yep
damn you know the final stop huh yeah
I'm pretty much that's where Nick
Fuentes dreams or Britney been teased at
I think there's a couple other like Nazi
people over there - yeah mm-hmm
it's the final stop boys this is it
right here mm-hmm last stop before you
go to the Grand Canyon
you know you need when you're venturing
across the the desert so yeah those are
my two most cringe moments and though
yeah every time actually ultimately I
the one thing I did differently here
destiny actually was the fact that I I
wasn't I'm getting old so I just like I
opted to just like kind of like stop
partying at midnight and get like some
amount of sleep before to be up again
like it was maybe one thing if I didn't
have panels but I'd have panels the
previous year so I didn't give a [ __ ]
just wake up and just like do whatever
just autopilot all as a zombie fuelled
by caffeine but this year actually the
like do should meet for cinebulle and it
was and I had a way better timing is
actually like I remember morph twitchcon
the other ones thought the giant blurs I
got like 10 out of the entire weekend
yeah this time I'm actually like slept
and I think I'll remember more people I
met and just be like a better human now
because of it that's good
but so yeah out of good switch Connor I
don't definitely be there again next
year so are you gonna answer damn oh
that's a good question um I'd be down I
would be down if we can figure out if I
can figure out a squad to go with and do
[ __ ] with so this time because you're
too telling me now and now like you know
three weeks prior I could make it happen
okay you're going yeah we're gonna do
[ __ ] yeah I'd love to go I don't know
we're gonna do [ __ ] I just I'm going I
don't know my plans are yet but I know
I'll go yeah for sure
it's Amsterdam right yeah no no I
haven't even lost my EU cherry so I
still have to like figure out like you
know I haven't been to like ever been to
London haven't been to Amsterdam or
Berlin or any of that [ __ ] you haven't
been haven't been anywhere dude so I'm
like I'm like super virgin I need to
like you know lose all the all the
cherries chunk you feel me I'm fresh so
okay what do we got well I think it's
like it's a good starting point do you
think dropping in on do you think you
know for if mean you're playing for time
we're dropping the answer be having
think it's a good starting point for uh
for the EU invasion that's a really good
question the whole thing I thought maybe
like should I be should I be like shy
experience London first before I before
we you know
so I'm like you well London doesn't
count as the EO anymore right
by the time yeah I'm supposed to be like
a really beautiful place they've got a
really interesting drug culture they've
got like really interesting social
culture and supposed to look really cool
like I've never heard anybody say
anything bad about Amsterdam like its
muscular like a really awesome thing so
yeah okay but so there's probably not
much out here its f1 weekend and
sleeping and lodging rates are at 5x the
prices that that was the beef I've ever
hearing about yeah but like lodging for
TC and and and this year's gonna be
terrible at the time like it's already
bad right now apparently one way Oh
formula 1 or is this some of the ice
skating rating scale or whatever I don't
know you said f1 but I recall someone
telling me that there was there wasn't
even going on that week it's gonna be uh
it was gonna be bad it's gonna be real
bad okay figure it out so but yeah no
that's a is twitchcon in a nutshell
sorry it was kind of kind of worrying on
it I forget me it was just like uh if we
have like pictures prepared all the
other [ __ ] you know if I uh forget like
a producer we can have someone like
actually like I symbol all the cute
Suites from both of March we were
timelines and all that and probably way
better it's in the second edition of the
podcast right
yeah the new new one the the TD podcast
okay what is um what is going on in the
world right now we got two big political
memes coming up oh [ __ ]
well let's see what we have here we have
first thing is the opinions have
actually shifted no in the American
public I think for the first time I
think is actually in favor of impeaching
Trump over the Ukraine step and I feel
bad because I've been out of town I
haven't like kept up on this at all but
um it's like for I thought when I saw
the 538 polling it was like forty six
point seven to forty five point one
percent apparently like every Democrat
is like on board now with impeachment
welcome me come here we go over that
again here again because I got uh so the
idea is even the appeasement went
forward right this wouldn't it couldn't
and it wouldn't actually be executed
until next year I heard a couple of
things about right in the actuality of
its execution it's like would it by the
timing would happen to be so close to
his term ending
it's kind of like a utile thing that's a
tip do what we're doing in teaching a
president is a pretty [ __ ] big deal I
don't think it would ever be considered
futile also there's a very real chance
that Trump wins the next election too so
also there's a very real chance that an
MP in an impeachment process the like
auxilary investigations might uncover
more crimes within the Republican Party
or other people affiliated with Trump so
okay yeah okay it's a fair point
actually I was looking at purely an
isolated sense that's a definitely very
fair one
Missy what else is there after the when
the Ukrainians stuff started to come out
a lot seventy one point six percent of
Democrats I think I think this is an
aggregate supported impeachment and it
went up to seventy nine point six for
Republicans and went from nine point
seven to twelve point one so not much
for independence
it went from thirty three nine up to 41
point 9 so there's a pretty big move but
yeah it's yeah and then I think for
almost the first time the American
population is like at large because of
the Democrat and independent swing or
are supporting impeachment so Pelosi I
think has even started to move on it a
little bit although I don't know if
they're actually gonna go forward with
it everything but yeah yeah so there's a
note here you want all that [ __ ] what
else was there
you know I forgive me this is the part
where I didn't have like anything really
really um I know this is just an
interesting thing well there's like
there's like some smaller ones right we
have a couple of like small things you
remember the is like more of like a
minor topical one but you remember the
the almond emphasized race here but I
guess I kinda have to EE the white
female cop who was in Dallas at the farc
all correctly who was drunk went to the
wrong apartment and secured a black guy
the unarmed black guy his own apartment
well that case resolved
I don't resolves my word he or not but
she was found guilty and it's gonna get
the UH and we'll be facing up to a life
up to life in prison
damn notably heard that that case did
resolve actually I'm kind of surprised I
thought I actually thought that
I don't know it's stand-your-ground uh
in taxes arts i only afford a law i
think every state has very issues of
stand-your-ground laws or like some of
them are bigger on it some from art but
i think that's like a state-by-state
thing it's not just one state that has
it okay so okay so i mean i'm being a
further elaborated right now here the
jury is deciding her sentencing right
now but she was found guilty as a matter
of what her stance will be okay so so
that's that's justice you know that
still is very terrible that's super
unfortunate you may just like you know
some walks and just you know i don't
know it's it's difficult even envision i
even how that will even play out
honestly just like in your room just
like I don't know Netflix and chill just
on the bus and just you know like what
are you doing here and then shorts you
start shooting you yeah that's [ __ ]
crazy
and then um but also notably here I mean
this might be like a minor thing and you
can you can feel free to correct me Ron
uh-huh it's like me being like to to
look whatever but for once I saw media
depiction using her mugshot and using a
pleasant photo of the the black eye like
for once like after all like the Michael
Browns everything else here was like
okay well here we are seeing the
appropriate recitation for whenever the
the wrong person gets the the
unflattering picture yeah yeah they did
that a lot have you seen like the ones
with like another example this is like
when white people are like stealing like
goods and [ __ ] to survive you know it's
like white people are there was a name
for it they used I don't remember what
it was like when black people do it they
call it looting no it's looting yeah
yeah stuff like it was bacon Katrina
Katrina yeah because all the everyone
was looting you know we're not gonna
bring up the fact that you know there
was no there was no aid for like
essentially for five days you know they
were looting though supposed to do
honestly no I hear you loud clear on
that one definitely the or even or even
all the school shooters dude well you
know they were mentally challenged or it
was I want to Trev I don't want to miss
miss state with that what was said here
but it's always like misunderstood it's
always a quick pivot to like mental
space rabbit in like to downplay the
intensity of like and now usually people
were like shot dead went blank by the
whether it be a school shooter or
whatever it was or the
cool shooter or mass shooter at a mall
you know he was mentally disturbed and
they try to like downplay it a little
bit there and comparatively you know
whenever it's you know to POC it's you
know thug and yeah everything you know
slightly like people never have mental
illness only white kids that shoot up
schools do yeah yeah
miss gaya there you go yeah which um
okay speaking of which you know wait so
I got to ask you a little bit here Pam
so I was busy um you know selling off
looking at also minor thing Here I am my
grandma's house sold yesterday so pretty
excited about that
I now yes that's a big congratulations
so that that uh that happened that's
really really great sells I had a very
busy day however I was not near my
computer my girlfriend was home doing
homework and she was watching your
stream yesterday
oh no she told me she sent me a text
told me that like this is the best
destiny stream I have seen in a long ass
time and I have to ask her like well
what's he doing like what's the equation
she was like it was like she's like yeah
dude he's debating this like crazy ass
like black chick from Atlanta talking
about why'd she have to be black I mean
she sounded black according to her I
mean it was I don't know like she was
like so good before right now I'm
telling you the story you shooting the
messenger right now chill bro um so yeah
that you were debating some crazy chick
who was a yeah we're talking about
anti-vaccine like the stream title was
about police brutality but yeah we went
to a lot of different areas that so I
got it no like southern alright so
that's that's part one right part was my
girlfriend told me that she was watching
and she was like dying of laughter
because apparently like you know just
it's like a you know guarantee you know
half your brain cells losses since
there's the bay apparently and so then
like you know if I come home I'd do a
stream and then I check out on dgg you
know to see if you know you're actually
home then we're gonna be doing the
podcast tomorrow I asked them hey should
I pass out and watch this debate that
you did and they're and they're all
begging me like not an I do do do do do
it on stream you guys do on stream it's
like one of the best in a long time and
my best of course you mean worse you
know my best of course it was like not
like this there's a sorry I got it early
what am i when i getting into the air
what did you what happened yesterday
what like why are you debating like
people on anti-vaccine I thought I
thought we were past in 2017 doing like
why are you talking okay if you want to
know what you're getting into if we
could summarize this in one clip guys
it's gonna be the it's gonna be the the
titty in the mouth one does anybody have
that clip what but what the work I just
need that one clip and that is the
perfect summary I got a clip here called
deathly not destroyed oh no that's the
right one or not though but wait hold on
oh yeah wait hold on looking at my DJ
chat it's this one okay we'll start it
in let me know when you're ready to
start okay okay all right
grabbing it tasting it and titty milk
ready all right I am
oh wait yeah three two one can you get
one of your women friends to stick their
titty in your mouth and goddamn milk no
ass so you can get over this [ __ ] I am
what is how did you get to this point
honestly the dynamic of this debate is
really funny I don't know who this lady
is where she sounds like should be
[ __ ] hilarious to hang out with like
there's a lot of times we're just like
laughing at each other because of how
[ __ ] crazy but she's legit [ __ ]
insane but uh yeah I highly recommend
it's a it's a pretty [ __ ] it's just
an insane I don't know but why though
why cuz some conservative emailed me to
debate she got like real pushing email
she's like read all my what are you
doing boy like stuff its debate I don't
have time but I was like okay fine so he
said I've been trying to debate it was
about police brutality or some [ __ ]
because she and she starts an off my
favorite thing she starts off they
always do this she's like I just want
you to know I'm not like an Anthony
Brian low again I'm not like Candice
Owens tie up in just yeah we are on
titty milk I goes
but yeah I'm gonna say if I can she said
she'd be up for the rush oh I want to
like get her in to that because that
[ __ ] would be [ __ ] hilarious hold on
oh my god dude like oh [ __ ] if you watch
it after this uh yeah it's some [ __ ]
you know honestly my opinion on the rock
just kind of changed now - I was like no
no it's a it's a good thing good thing
at first I was like you know when I'm my
first appearance was in November 2018
and I was like man this thing's a
goddamn [ __ ] show dude this thing is not
fair do they people just get calop until
the [ __ ] timer runs out I didn't
never just even talk the people I want
the follow thing to fall with I'm just
I'm just mad the lack of like structure
and in pursuit of objective fairness for
the for the for the Raja Royale whatever
and now and now my opinions like no
actually I completely agree with you I
want the crazy people on there I wanna I
wanted to just like freaking wile out
and go insane like if honestly I'll even
care about winning if I go in there I
can like you know headshot like four
people and get them knocked out you know
by being alpha as [ __ ] and I'm out round
five [ __ ] dude I had fun I'm out
Gigi's I haven't got a win dude honestly
it's kind of boring when we get to the
top three or whatever like so yeah do
get getting there for the [ __ ] the
the monkey chaos and the poop throwing
everywhere and just like get your
headshots get a nice little Katie and
you peace out dude
amen brother so yeah I'm all for it dude
I had actually got a lot of love from
people who are like dude I love you on
Raj man I might thank you bro appreciate
that
oh so yeah pretty pretty hot pretty hot
yeah I guess I'll have sex without dude
I'm off to lose some brain cells today
I'm it I've been it's been kind of in a
dark void lately because I haven't like
there hasn't been any like any fun
testing the base to like to check out or
even hear about lately yeah hopefully I
pick up more of that now that I'm back
home I can start scheduling that stuff
again yeah oh yeah for sure sure what
the [ __ ] else happened dude we have a
welcoming committee
do we even have 30 minutes or should I
talk about this point because what I'm
trying here there's like a Bernie had a
heart problem
wait I shouldn't put heart attack hold
on brain exactly heart problems
oh yeah the burning thing yeah this
happened about three hours ago it's
still ongoing so I'd have much to really
add to it but yeah Bernie had a was
experiencing chest pain
fearing some chest pain uh was it last
night and he went to a hospital to get a
[ __ ] well as a dude you have it the
epital on you I have to look for it um
what [ __ ] I heard the term angioplasty I
don't know if that apparently does have
like some artery blockage or something
yeah re blockage he's off the campaign
jewel until further notice he's are
currently recovering right now two
stents inserted to treat an artery
blockage that's where we are with it
right now so I don't have anything else
through that beyond that yeah should be
fine
yeah should be fine hoping for a speedy
recovery obviously Oh Warren have you
seen that ooh oh yeah we got a couple
because if we got some we got a couple
of juicy juices from all around here
right we have how we talking about the
dave was tulsi gabbard on dave rubin is
that that the show she was on recently
no clue but I'm Tulsi Gabbard is
irrelevant as [ __ ] so [ __ ] that yeah why
yeah so I heard that was Thomas [ __ ]
show honestly and I think I need to
watch Tulsi on Dave Rubin I need to
watch Marianne Williamson who was also
on Dave Rubin who apparently she
dumpster the [ __ ] out of him
which is kind of crazy like no you know
dark psychic force energy was on Dave
Rubin the massive [ __ ] on on him was
pretty cool yeah so uh oh here's the
Bernie bro thing okay I cuz I have a lot
of already Bros on my chat okay here we
go
it is an endovascular procedure it's not
a surgery also he's probably in better
health now than he was before
there you go so this this heart problem
was actually a good thing for Bernie
coin the oh but Warren has been like
[ __ ] catapult e in the polls
she is like on some unstoppable [ __ ]
tear right now the last aggregates
listed on Real Clear Politics has it
within two points like
Biden is at 26.1% Warren is a 24 point
for like holy [ __ ] we need a word now
for like Warren supporters how they like
the war on warriors or I don't know the
I want to make like extra [ __ ] I can
own another W word women I the war I
don't want no war on women no I don't
want the sound sex
whenever I couldn't think of a cute
thing so I just had like the the shallow
though the low kick or whatever good one
so orange sells Warren sells what is uh
what has she been doing lately she been
um I'm kind of a loop here she's been
she's doing like you know campaigns like
state-by-state or she like focusing on
like Iowa and areas around that spectrum
is she doing like a media tour
I got what is what it's a wreck her
campaign her campaigning tactics right
now or do you not know um I don't know I
don't follow like her I can't paint on
the ground much I'm not actually sure
yeah I don't know either actually cuz
I'm wondering like what she's doing is
it like her is it her policies that her
demeanor she's not doing a certain like
I think she's just like people are
learning more and more and more about
her she's just like a better version of
Bernie Sanders basically she's like less
extreme on a lot of issues she like I
think that's it actually think that she
said she's like Bernie but like watered
down so that like the moderates like
finder appealing as well and then his
Biden continues to kind of like gaffe
and gaffe it's basically like it's
basically it's kind of like it's been
like Biden's election to Lewis I think
inviting us been doing that he spent
like saying dumb [ __ ] after dumb [ __ ]
after dumb [ __ ] and then Warren is just
kind of like doing her thing and
steadily gaining ground yeah I think
that's basically it Warren has just been
bringing like a good progressive
viewpoint from the left but she's doing
it in a way that's like palatable to
moderates and yeah it was there's
definitely couple issue think a lot of
Bernie bros we have with a with with
with her and even the fatties Daisy
she's a better version of burning you
can look and I say better I mean like
more like electable to the Democratic
electorate but Bernie yeah cuz there was
a couple of things where didn't she
admit that she's going to take she has
like what ten point eight million
dollars she she raised from her like her
Senate races she's had kind of long kind
of coasting to be like unpacked and
utilized whenever she if she becomes the
primary like she said that last thing I
can something she she had ten point
eight million dollars raised from her
Senate race prior that she would uh that
she would use if she got the primary or
something along those kinds yeah she's
like uh I don't wanted to call it like
shadow money but she has like a money
from a questionable source that is
that's that be tainted and along the
lines of a super PAC that she would
utilize here's the here so here's the
talking point so
I think Warren and Bernie people coming
into the election some people said
they're not gonna take big corporate
money and Warren says that she's not
going to take corporate money in this
election campaign but some people are
mad at her because she transferred funds
from her Senate campaign over to her
presidential campaign and some of that
had corporate money in it so that's kind
of the challenge to her position there
yeah yes that's that kind of like rubs
some the wrong way yeah but like at this
point like I think the political
situation is so dire like I think that
taking corporate money is fine you know
like Democrats for a long time have
always said Republicans play dirty
Republicans play dirty like why do we
keep getting [ __ ] in elections and
then it's like okay well we need money
to win our elections we'll hold on now
we need to take the moral high ground
it's like yeah I mean we could take the
moral high road or we could try to win
the presidency and not lose the house
and maybe get more seats in the Senate
like yeah because because Warren did say
she'd take corporate money in the
general in the general election which i
think is fine [ __ ] it like we need
Democrats in office like [ __ ] all this
other [ __ ] amoral [ __ ] like we need
Democrats in office and you know like
for some people like point out bad
things feature so like I watched a Kyle
kolinsky video about how she like took
money from Raytheon and was apparently
favorable to them in terms of bringing
jobs to her state would you like even
Bernie has done would like the f-35
program has brought jobs to like Vermont
and [ __ ] or is like support of that but
like like Warren's still like roasted
the [ __ ] out of like that that Raytheon
lobbyist when she was in Congress so I
mean like I don't know like I look at
their policy positions I see the other
act if Warren starts doing like shady
[ __ ] because she's getting money from
corporate people then you obviously
judge earn her policy positions there
but I mean until then it's ya know it's
the principal's in me just really not
are not a fan of it but at the same time
the skepticism me hears you loud and
clear though I hate to sound like a
disgusting right now but it's like yeah
I mean like the Republicans right now
literally support like people that [ __ ]
teenagers so I mean like I don't think
taking corporate money to win an
election is like necessarily a bad thing
we need when they're putting up here
like grime or [ __ ] like you're not
you're not wrong that's what freaks me
out dude like Roy Moore it was world
more right I'm barely lost barely lost
dude that that's it's actually insane
the the the what's the word heared like
the the fog and obscurity behind like
religiosity in those in those southern
states is out of control
it's out of control well it's no
libraries in general but like holy [ __ ]
dude
well um listen hear about that so there
was that there was um in toes one other
key Bob a Warren thing I forgot about
now let's get about that [ __ ] wasn't
gonna say dude yeah I'm sorry I'm brain
fart now was about Warren
there was like got one other thing so
Warren had a ten point eight mil the she
says he's known and she would take
corporate money in the primary or arm
you know uh in the general election and
[ __ ] it oh thank you so much our
money oh wait oh yeah wait write it down
real quick look wait destiny said that
the campaign finance artist appointed
sure 2016 everybody shout agreed them
another these changes mind everyone to
chat you sure my - yeah so I really did
believe that campaign financing was one
of the most important issues and then
the Republicans won the presidency they
won the House of Representatives and
then won the Senate so things have
changed okay when and they have the
Supreme Court now so yeah [ __ ] that
sorry don't care about that purity issue
anymore I'd rather [ __ ] take seats
back
I'd rather [ __ ] have a president that
is a [ __ ] Democrat I don't want Ruth
Ginsburg or whatever replaced by another
[ __ ] conservative all right whatever
the [ __ ] it takes
[ __ ] that [ __ ] we need them across some
office okay if it if you need what your
corporate money to get there I don't
give a [ __ ] then [ __ ] do it okay
all right so I God knows before I even
get to my point bought war and Facebook
here I map reading in the middle huh
did you hear about the someone in
Trump's cabinet wants to pursue Arctic
drilling recently unless a continue to
foresee that company is not in crisis
G about this this was like a thing its
discussions right now but like actually
out of control dude um let me get gets
for you here arctic gorilla RT RT
drilling yeah aren't you drilling Trevor
administration for Arctic drilling
begging there is not a climate crisis
yet
drilling proposals blade district are
for science and I'm just like good golly
goddamn dude oh I don't actually I'm
gonna ask you this but I don't expect
you to notice either what is like who's
allowed to do anything in the Arctic no
that's a good question honestly that
actually really the question would that
be like a UN issue
or like no [ __ ] idea or like an ADA
or like whoever has the biggest boats to
protect their [ __ ]
like I don't know if anyone is allowed
or if everybody's allowed or however how
that should has even divvied up I can
tell you that's kind of cool about this
I think cool actually terrifying is that
like warm haha yeah there are certain
naval passages that were always frozen
over or as of this year now accessible
for for trade routes because of the
temper king is now yeah like we had been
Shapiro that said this is a positive
like global warming is actually good
because now we've got more trade routes
that have opened up yeah I didn't they
were talking oh my god we have to talk
about Bend right now no we don't we
don't that I've heard that don't have
any been Benny rap isn't music Shapiro
we've talked about him at this point no
we're good
I mean after the after the BBC interview
I'm just like I don't know if that was
that was some hi memes right there for
me yeah Russia utterly gets like a lot
of [ __ ] to from having a lot of their
ports like being like warm all season
and [ __ ] it's really good but uh okay so
yeah so those that aside here and then
um the thing that's not staying here is
that maybe you heard this up so here's
the full story or I could actually the
further into this year
so um CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg he
does he does weekly AMAs with his
employees right where he'll give like
who give candid elaborative responses on
like some kind of like all employee
podcast and or corporate call feed one
of them from a couple of months back
months back
leaked recently which was one where he
admitted that he is worried specifically
about Elizabeth Warren because of her
advocacy to split up these two big to
fill corporations including Amazon and
Facebook he said in the thing I don't
have to call here for me right now but
he said something along the lines of
that uh that trying to stop something
that's already existing is very very
hard but I think that we're going to it
will be a long legal battle but that we
can we can win so he did sound concern
about her her you know saying way back
when I'm on that CNN Town Hall that do
wants to break up
I forget the up name she dropped here
but she did she did she definitely named
dropped Amazon Facebook for sure that's
like too big and need to be broken up
here but didn't specify any kind policy
which to be fair some other place for it
but like specify a policy or how you
would how you would actually do that how
would you deacon solid eight and
ordy consolidate Facebook yeah yeah I'm
not even sure how that would work but
yeah so so yeah he he had a thing here
um I mean I could probably I could read
if you want to but essentially yeah
that's that's brutal it was like he's
like uh uh he face dropped it and he
also owned up to these that he said it
so yeah we're so she's trying to [ __ ]
his company up yeah I wouldn't accept
eyes yeah so yeah um [ __ ] is there
anything else I have a dentist
appointment like fairly soon ish so I'm
running up against uh like fifteen
minutes
what um so tell me about your
disappointment I have malas decide to
hear about uh you know cute little all
up updates here you're getting you're
getting a scheduled cleaning you're
getting your wisdom teeth pulled or what
are you doing
I get really paranoid sometimes I'll
just get like a jaw pain or a toothache
so I'm like oh [ __ ] I gotta get it so I
like a week ago like my head like a pain
here but it's gone now but I don't I
think I get x-ray cleaning it's all good
are you wisdoms already pulled yeah of
course
oh of course actually actually wonder
what the percentages of a us is actually
have that done like how many people opt
to get theirs done or even a 42:39 cuz I
mean I feel it's not it's not cheap out
here right like uh well I did mine it
was like twenty four hundred dollars do
fall for my wasn't very Oh because you
had anesthesia right yeah yeah I did did
you not have anything where I shouldn't
say that of course that anesthesia but
um some if you use that if you need
which of this if you get the gas that
like knocks you out all the way I think
you need to have an anesthesiologist
come in and do that but if you just get
like the just like the injections then
like the dentist themselves can do that
so since I was paying cash for it it
only cost me a thought well it cost me a
thousand dollars but I didn't want to
use the gas because it was like a
thousand dollars more or something so I
just had the local anesthetic so just
the needle so I got to wake up while
they were just yanking my teeth now
feels good I do that was that was
speaking Matthew I want to like not
imagine the fact that like the could
there's just like you know freaking foot
on the goddamn harm reps just like
[ __ ] yanking the [ __ ] out yeah uh
they come out surprisingly easy
I had a few night nightmares dreams
afterwards of like my teeth just kind of
like falling out because it's kind of
crazy how they could just reach in and
just like pull pretty hard and they're
just yank of 2000
yeah that is crazy isn't it yeah I uh I
don't know dude it was just like he told
me that I for my extra that before he
did it that I have quote-unquote
dinosaur teeth my teeth were really
really big and the roots were fully
grown in and they were huge there's
enormous he was like yeah this is I mean
this we'll meet at the Inc really really
hard on these things I was like okay
what's my cue to get anesthesia
yeah but no so I'm glad to hear that's
taken care of for you if you get those
pains you know I've always debated here
like should I get
III do get pains to occasionally um it's
pretty terrible but uh I don't know I've
been thinking do I go to the next level
to actually get my do I get the
alignment fixed because I did have some
crowding from not giving most people
until I was you know almost thirty years
old so I've been debating do I do I go
brace face right do I become brace hexed
why do I get like then there's a line
[ __ ] these days like you don't have to
worry about like super noticeable race
that is true that's true so you know
we'll see we'll see do my things I can
actually afford a I can finally afford
it now it's refreshing is I I couldn't
afford uh it's I couldn't afford a this
[ __ ] until I finally like blew up or
whatever so like now like you know
essentially like from like age thirteen
to age 26 was like this giant gap of
like no Dennis work no consistent
routine Dennis work and now like now I'm
back in Atlanta trying get all my all my
[ __ ] like um fixed yeah it was never
really bad but you know was like really
what it was was I had a I don't care
about this here but I had a I had four
cavities and I was 13 years old I had a
very poverty dense did a very terrible
[ __ ] cap job so my dad was like yeah
your cap job is absolutely terrible and
I want to actually get pulled out ASAP
and do a better job sure yeah so I wish
you good luck on your dentist you did
it's a venture and journey and well
thanks yeah I'm gonna lose some brain
cells watching your um your papica ass
debate on police brutality or what or
ranty vaccine or TD meld whatever the
[ __ ] it is well thanks a lot buddy
you're gonna have a lot of fun it's uh
quite a wild ride so um I'm ready for it
welcome to [ __ ] up boys all right are
you gonna be here are we being here next
week gonna let me check my schedule
oh yeah no I'm here now i I have I am
home until further notice I have there's
nothing on my radar until at soonest
January I'm gonna grind baby
okay I think I'll be here there's like a
poker thing going on but even if I'm
gone I think I could do from a laptop so
we'll be okay I won't be hung over you
cool what's all good and I apologize
everyone here and I'm sorry I was kind
of stuff this week I uh you know
twitchcon I've been twitchcon
closing that closing the house sale if
you wanna hear more buddy two important
details about why ship was bag and come
mushroom and check it out
so number love y'all alright sounds good
alright hey I'll catch you next week
buddy peace out
alright label do if I wanted that day
site the sort of [ __ ] from mama calm or
Target about comments I would all just
dodge game stuff and I don't have to go
there
