this leads on for a long time to the
left
[Music]
big dungeon I think no nothing yet I
think you're all can see a bit of light
oh when it gets at that point it sees a
giant skeleton with a fire burning in it
that time to leave perhaps brothers this
is the time where we rise up and fight
Oh buddy well I don't understand why I
can't carry someone out you can pick up
Cheryl sure what is your body weight
doesn't matter
captain five would stabilize them I'm
going in I think you'd be leaving the
fight to all you log it gets a
twenty-one and a natural 20 to hit you I
am NOT oh good luck time zero lock death
saving throw
I can't use this inspiration coming [ __ ]
it go forth the whole party [ __ ] die
are you ready for the natural twenty
when I stand up I get a turn right yeah
you get your whole turn I do get my
whole turn okay I'm going to take a
Halbert attack at advantage hit for nine
okay so that's gonna hit and then I'm
going to roll a one D a precision seven
damage it is a 1 HP lock I got you know
I want the glory from killing of this
I'm going to go ahead and throw a
precision die here on this to add six
damage I want to crush its [ __ ] skull
all right Muhsin day you know
[Music]
Jerald send the owl ahead what's in the
next room we're leaving
I am attempting entertainment Yeti cuz I
know I'm about to roll in that 20 okay
all right carbo get in there
