I better hear some hot tanks right now
honestly I don't know if there are very
many hot takes we can give there was
like one really bad I mean the whole
like the whole like [ __ ] episode was
kind of whatever but there was one
really bad scene that was like stood
like head and shoulders above the rest
in terms of like [ __ ] horribleness we
all know what that is yeah that
everything having to do like everything
having to do with that dragon fit was so
[ __ ] cringe like Devon uses his owl
and D&D better the whole point of flying
your dragons like that hi I'm guessing
is so that you can like see people
coming like how do you feel about
misandry dying I mean it was I don't
understand how they knew that she was
important like when they went like when
all those ships sailed how did they know
that she was like an important person
that needed to be captured I have no
[ __ ] idea I don't know whatever do
yeah the whole stuff with the whole
stuff having to do the Dragons is just
like comically [ __ ] stupid I don't
understand what's going on with like any
of that she was there when Danny met
with Cersei last season okay so why did
Jamie have like a huge change of heart
like how did he go from like wanting to
like love Brianna and like turn that
[ __ ] over and then now he's like back in
love with Cersei again do you did you
just not care ago sorry did he just want
to hit it and quit it
is that his goal the whole time like why
did he want to stay until they learned a
dragon died I don't know I really don't
understand like what the big change of
heart was on his character I don't get
that at all but whatever destiny of the
Bronn scene oh yeah I don't know like
Omega yikes I would say yes but it's hey
would have I didn't interpret it as him
going back to Cersei what do you mean
that's literally what he said or do you
have like a fanfic that's going on in
your head that you want to also they
need to stop doing this camera cut [ __ ]
I don't [ __ ] understand what the [ __ ]
they're doing this dumbass [ __ ] [ __ ]
I thought that there was gonna be
something happening to Tyrion like they
very clearly communicated that something
was gonna happen to tear him why the
[ __ ] did they show Tyrion like getting
hit in the head with something right
before one of the water but apparently
that wasn't anything was it just like a
poor cameraman that had to die or what
the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] was that what we
supposed to take away from that oh yeah
I told you guys didn't I say that half
the army was still alive somebody go
find the clip I exam ember exactly
saying I was like oh Crowley half the
army is gonna be alive do at least like
the scene with very--it Varys and Tyrion
umm yeah those guys are cool better than
the [ __ ] that's been happening with
better than what's left of the show
issues has it had Dexter's levels of
[ __ ] yet I don't know yeah the dragon
[ __ ] was like real bad guys I don't
think anybody could possibly defend
any of that the Dragons have very thin
skin it's not so much that the Dragons
have thin skin it was just I don't
understand how I don't understand how
like the whole point I thought like the
whole point of our flying the Dragons
above everything was so that they could
like see what's up so like how is she
doing that and then all the sudden oops
like be careful like I guess we didn't
see it like that entire [ __ ] fleet
over there I guess that's kind of what
Game of Thrones does now it's like
people are saying they were hiding in
the rocks I can't tell if you're like
just a memeing or you're generally that
[ __ ] stupid
first of all we'll ignore the fact that
you shouldn't be able just hide around
rocks like you would be looking for
these places obviously but the most
obvious thing is if they're hiding
behind rocks well then how do they shoot
arrows through the [ __ ] rocks what
look what the [ __ ] does that mean like
that was a big-ass [ __ ] fleet too
like yeah what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] is
this [ __ ]
ballistas are incredibly difficult to
range an aim how the [ __ ] are they able
to hit a moving target hundreds of feet
in the air at pinpoint precision
multiple times
well no they'd already established
earlier in the Game of Thrones universe
that it's actually pretty easy to hit
things with it that's why bran when the
dragon was flying directly at him was oh
wait nevermind oops that's the exact
opposite never mind sorry those boats
trained the past two seasons with the
faceless men apparently they've been
improved how is it that like okay so
like here's a question it seemed like
dragons in general are like a really big
deal like everything relating to dragons
is like real important real legendary it
seems like we sure did figure out how to
kill him real [ __ ] fast like it seems
like that problem got like fixed like
pretty quick like nobody really [ __ ]
cares about dragons anymore like like
dragons are like these legendary things
that like are inspiring of men and
everything and then literally like I
think there's a cool in the book where
it's said that only one dragon has ever
been taken down by projectile prior to
recent happenings tonight
I mean it just seems like dragons are
like a pretty like non-threatening thing
now like what the [ __ ] is even the point
of like dragons like do we really care
about them like it seems like they can
be killed like pretty [ __ ] easily i
don't know i just seemed like dragons
were supposed to be a real big deal and
then it seems like they're really not
that big of a deal at all it's so i
think they're pretty easy to deal with
they made the blisters in vibranium and
nanotech noise was there anything that
seemed like 2007 so this episode was
honestly fact it's not I mean blast when
I said this but this episode was way
better than the last ones just because
we actually had real scenes of Varys and
Tyrion talking again which is something
we haven't had like in a long time stuff
that was like actually somewhat
interesting to the show Joran could've
just blockaded Dragonstone when Danny
arrived his thoughts of why did he leave
oh yeah that was another thing to wait
so why didn't your on just chase down
all the boats and destroy the entire
fleet I mean it I don't think Danny's
fleets are capable of even fighting at
sea and it seems like the it seems like
the dragons don't mean [ __ ] so why don't
they just run down and kill everything
he did wait well then why wasn't grey
warm and Tyrion captured they had
missing misandry they didn't get
anything else why didn't they take like
Tyrion and grey worm and all them why
didn't they go kill everybody that
because they washed ashore they swim
faster than the ships okay all right you
guys got me my bed what was I thinking
the best character right now is Sansa I
mean I guess she's just being a massive
con to Danny anytime she can't be I mean
I guess that's kind of interesting what
was the point of them cutting the scene
of bran telling Sansa and argue about
John's true identity I have no idea why
does the show easily kill off the dragon
rail but then the show also wants you to
think that Dany can easily burn down the
city with what her one dragon yeah I
don't know I don't know I don't know
nothing it makes sense am I'm just kind
of waiting for it all the end okay
somebody should re-edit all of the all
of the early seasons of Game of Thrones
- to be just like the later ones let me
give you an example of how it would work
hold on
how would that be possible yeah let me
give you an example here's an example so
right after whatever scene came before
this okay so this is how this
conversation would play out and then
that would be it and then it would cut
see have you noticed that they've cut
away from like every good conversation
you noticed that like bran brands
Congress do you know what the most
interesting conversation in the okay
[ __ ] I semi sprawled let's you can
figure it out what was the most
interesting conversation in all this
season of Game of Thrones so far do you
know what it was ban stupid monkey cuz
he listened why spoil and that's the
only reason he gets to get out of here
you [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] it was Brandon
Tyrians conversation and they cut it why
would you cut away from that there's 100
percent gonna be the most interesting
conversation in the whole [ __ ] show
and they cut why why would you cut away
when arguably one of the most important
things in the whole show is being
reviewed when Jon Snow is telling
everybody that he's a trig Aryan also
why is he saying he's not a stark at all
what the [ __ ] does that mean
but um destiny what the [ __ ] they cut
away because the combo would have
literally been a recap of brands arc
nothing new would be gained what how
about we learned something about brands
character well maybe I might be maybe I
might be like [ __ ] I'm not gonna lie
dudes I think I missed a lot of like
season 6 or 7 or something hey so it's
totally possible to I just ignored half
of it but like I feel like Brandis still
like a really mysterious character like
do we know that much about him like I
don't know I feel like like you're like
learning about like his powers or what
he sees or how does he know everything I
don't I feel like there's interesting
stuff to talk about there maybe it was
all explained and I just ignore it all
of it or something I don't know like
what did he learn in that Ravens cave
and [ __ ] oh yeah Jon Snow's mom is still
a stark I mean
we are literally not giving a [ __ ] about
women at all but I mean like John is
still half stark like I don't know why
he's saying I'm not a stark at all like
Arya literally says you're my half
brother and he's like no I'm not a stark
at all because I don't know how babies
work like I don't understand I don't
understand what the [ __ ] you was
supposed to mean they're like you're
yeah
having the mom star cuz you're still
half stark like people still no
explanation for why the three I why the
old three-eyed raven even told bran
about Jon's true parentage yeah I don't
know Oh was the dragon actually in this
scene yeah I don't I really don't
understand the whole meeting this
meeting was like very mysterious to me I
don't know why you would ever [ __ ] do
that it's kind of like house on Sun
aren't really considered tollis even if
their mom was I mean kinda but I mean
we're table viously talking more than
just like Royal bloodlines here right
was great honor serving in the Nights
Watch
why did Ned lie to John so much about
that stock some using the wall for
thousands of years is that the bench in
that like there's no time
that's that mention right you are a
stock you might not have my name behind
my daughter
is my mother alive did she know about me
where I am where I'm going
she care the next time we see each other
we'll talk about you mama bah this show
is so good what happened this Oh No
something that's really interesting to
me is it's weird because apparently D
and D wrote two things there were two
big steams that they wrote that we're
completely not in the books [ __ ] what
was it one was a conversation between
Cersei and
the conversation between Cersei and
Robert Robert Baratheon that's
apparently something that wasn't in the
books at all and I thought that scene
was really really really good
oh also the Aria the are you and Tywin
scenes we're okay
Bobby B yeah bout like never loving each
other and loving each other something
you know casts as a ladder is the best
yeah as long as you don't think about
how he died Oh God the reason why your
on didn't just [ __ ] kill everyone
when you have a chance I have no [ __ ]
idea
oh why didn't you end it with the arrow
hitting the dragon you almost have a
you've almost got it we've almost got a
high karma meme there
[Music]
