what's up guys hey all right
I'll unmute I wasn't good and then what
are we talking about comfort well Helen
first of all I want to let you know my
brief experience of watching the Raj
show last night and I I tuned in twice I
came in there the first time it was
several people in there and I was just
checking out the crowd and then at the
bottom I saw this cute girl this red
chilli doll fit and she had blood on her
face then at the upper left-hand corner
I saw this lesbian and I was like well
who is that and all of a sudden the
lesbian started to sound like you I was
like god damn what the [ __ ] happened to
Steve Steve his face I say my face guy
did some [ __ ] anime dress-up [ __ ]
alright I don't normally shave my face
don't even [ __ ] start okay yeah oh
man we got the anti-trans jokes and
everything we're starting a real big
today alright that's good at least I'm
all about jokes okay I'm not trying to
control your [ __ ] jokes privately or
publicly that's the thing about being a
conservative I don't give a [ __ ] what
you say privately but then again I'm not
a lip tart so I'm not trying to control
your speech but then again that's it so
now you making me reconsider all my
views on it but things
[Laughter]
no we no actually not at all yeah so but
yeah I checked it out and it was I I I
cut it off and then I came back
hour later and I think this there's a
woman who was crying and she raged quick
and then I saw the last session with you
and trihex but it was very interesting
so yeah that was probably the most
dramatic episode that's ever happened
it's not normally that crazy but I mean
it is a pretty big crazy [ __ ] sure I
don't know what you thought can you oh
my god I saw the emails you sent to my
mirage friend do you do you ever come
off a little rude in emails
well he hadn't I mean no I mean I I'm
straight with no chaser the thing about
it is he didn't understand comprehend my
last email you sent him like a like you
sent of so much in response oh my god
because he didn't understand my English
I mean did you read that email yeah okay
did you see what I said I was not coming
yeah I saw then you misunderstood and
then you decided you'd the onus was on
you to write back this diatribe Jesus
but yeah because you know you guys don't
read well so I had to like break it down
all right I mean so that's that thank
you okay
you're welcome so okay so here's the
thing I want to establish some rules if
we could before we begin
so no interruptions okay do not
interrupt when we get started do not
interrupt me I won't interrupt you while
you're speaking if I have a question you
have a question or rebuttal you must
wait until we finish and then you go
ahead and and address what was said no
questions stacking okay and one of the
reasons why I have Sinatra here is
because you know based upon the last I
wouldn't even call it a debate I would
say as our discussion on various topics
you deflect you derailed you dodge you
pivot you misrepresent it so many of my
topics in that debate and so I want to
make sure that that doesn't happen this
time you know from you distracted me
from the irrelevant topics that have
done to do it what I came here for and
also I have a plea actually you know
since I'm a victim of poor public
schooling and a ghetto yeah and you
enjoyed that sweet privilege a private
school in your community I humbly ask
that you don't use big words you know
saying because my education is not that
good so you know if you could just lose
tiny words you know saying that would be
great
I mean you know I don't have a big brain
like you and high Q like you so I was
just asked if you could just help me out
with that
okay so you have any problems with these
rules no okay so these are the requests
that I'll make if I'm if you are asking
me a lot like if you start stacking
questions or whatever I won't interrupt
you but I usually write things down in a
notepad I will respond to every single
thing you said so if you ask or say like
three or four or five things I am going
to write all of them down and I will
respond to all of them before you
respond to that response just is that
okay if I legitimately I don't try to
like I know some people will load a lot
of big words because they're buzzwords
or because they flash here whatever I
don't try to do that if you feel like
I'm doing that or if I say something
it's that's whatever just tell me and I
can like rephrase it over I'm not trying
to like make it point like confusing
because I'm trying to whatever I don't
know if you're being serious and I don't
know but some people complain about that
so all right okay I'm ready to go I'm
ready to go so I'm okay let's go what
are we talking about good well we're
going over I want to go over briefly the
debate what happened and then I want to
share the aftermath of why I came into
your email into your inbox saying hey
dude you lied about me you misrepresent
me blah blah blah and then you know go
from near with questions and then you
know we probably would have liked a
little bit in time because I know you've
got some other things to do to just go
over the points I was trying to make in
about police brutality because we really
didn't talk about that okay soon after
can you talk again your mic was really
quiet before is that better yeah well
yeah I I was messing with my mic
settings because I've been blowing my
nose and I don't want it to pick up
every time I do it okay I should be
better i boosted it well what about you
Stevie can you hear him I can hamper
fect Lee I can hear I'm just fine
all right good okay so to get started
like this is this is a reference to the
debate now I must admit that even though
we had a lot of fun trolling each other
doing your stream it was fun it was
funny for the most part I was not
prepared for your techniques and tactics
of derailing the entire debate I came to
you to debate about police brutality
instead we discussed the bump stock the
bump start man our email exchange Donald
Trump firearms owners Protection Act
Ronald Reagan at the ak-47 your
experience excuse me your low
expectation for blacks our upbringing
the ghetto drug dealers black culture
Nigerian immigrants health care type 1
diabetes cancer your self reflection of
determining how do you know if you're
full of [ __ ] vaccines unvaccinated
religious compounds in Atlanta
California status on measles three
people in Atlanta that had measles out
of 500,000 people in Atlanta and
respected with the who were not affected
with the measles two imaginary
situations that included Jews and
almonds dying from being unvaccinated
antidotal evidence of blacks compared to
whites getting shot on YouTube falando
Castillo Freddie gray Eric Gartner you
offered to send me a video of Erick
garland but instead you watchful and
Ocala sterile by yourself for three
minutes you argued about the definition
of execution change the terms from
execution to execution-style murder the
definition of murder we also talked
accident you asked me if hojae was a
murder then we went on a [ __ ] Hitler
then we went on white about ISM cops
being convicted of murder my Michael
Slager amber Geiger what it would take
for me to believe that police brutality
is a problem for the black community
your base your bad faith the Pater okay
I don't mean because what does this have
to do with the debate you want to I'm
trying to establish that I'm using
sneaky debate tactics to navigate
exactly so we're talking about all this
that had happened I had nothing to do
with the topic and so and basically I
just finished so all of this was
discussed but police brutality and so do
you disagree that that happened
no no of course not that happened okay
but I mean like do you understand that
conversations can naturally like no you
don't do that with no one you did that
with me you don't think that in any of
my prior debates my conversation topics
don't wander from topic to topic you
don't think every debate
I have watched from you I never seen you
do that to them what you did to me okay
I don't want to like nail you to the
wall in this but I'm super curious which
debate you've watched where you think
that doesn't happen because I go around
with a ton of topics with almost
everybody all the only you never went to
the one that's relevant I mean that's
irrelevant this was the first time and
I'll tell you the people I watched I
watched a course to a bl1 because I used
that in my video I watched he there's a
guy you talked with about I can't
pronounce his name he was a black
libertarian I don't know his name but I
watched that one I of course watched a
police brutality one you stayed on that
and Dan you guys went to trans rights so
that's what you guys agreed on that I
had felt like with abl the Anthony Brian
Logan guy I feel like we talked about a
ton of different topics but I guess it's
not I guess this isn't really really
talked about you only talk about the
topics that we that were relevant to his
videos okay yeah yeah that was it I'll
try really hard today to keep it focused
on one topic and then if you feel like
we're wandering feel free to bring it up
okay okay yeah definitely okay so the
aftermath of the debate okay I was
disappointed that we didn't debate what
I came to debate about which was the
police brutality however this is
interesting like shortly after leaving
you I began to receive a lot of
donations
you know PayPal was blowing out from a
lot of people who hated you but also
people who were a part of your fan base
and they were wanting me to come on the
Raj show giving me compliments and I
thought I expected to get a lot of hate
from your your side but I I got a little
but not that much and then that entire
week I was like you know what
we didn't get a chance to talk about
police brutality I'm gonna let it go but
it wasn't until I watched the DT podcast
episode 29 okay and then episode 30 and
this is where the false accusations came
in where Triax
[Music]
that [ __ ] boy he started to say about he
didn't want to lose brain cells and he
went and took his [ __ ] on his stream and
I got a personal problem with him I'm
not gonna take it up with you but you
know when I do come on a road show and
he's there I will handle it but my
problem with you was when we came when
when it was episode 30 you were talking
about how let me see I get to never get
the perfect word you will sandy died he
was like I didn't have statistics for
the measles but I had statistics for
everything dealing with police brutality
I'm like well no [ __ ] I came there to
debate about police brutality and so the
thing about it is is that you were not
being honest when you didn't talk about
on that podcast that you do you
purposely derailed the debate and and
you talked about things one I didn't
feel strongly about - I done zero
research on because I didn't know he was
going to talk about it and three you
know I was not prepared to debate you
know so I went to look over the videos
that the video that we did and I told
you nine times that I didn't want to
discuss these topics you interrupted me
14 times I only interrupted you six okay
I can try my hardest to babysit the
conversation but like if you're the one
uh during statements and you don't feel
strongly about them and by own
admittance you don't do enough research
to talk about them and you don't want to
debate them then why are you engaging in
those conversation so I don't say I
don't want to talk about those let's
talk about that I did say that then why
are you going why do I know that you
know so much about Hasidic Jewish
communities in like a bland taotie
Gover never like why would I know
anything about that like you you clearly
were very eager to volunteer up all of
this information like it wasn't like I
was bowling you like answer this
question lies I didn't I wasn't eager I
was you asking me about health care and
then then we went into vaccination and
and also you lied about me being an
anti-vaxxer I'm not an anti-vaxxer I
told you that I am NOT an anti-vaxxer
but I told you I don't believe in
violating people's First Amendment
rights you agree you admitted to wanting
to violate their First Amendment rights
I am vaccinated if I had kids they would
be vaccinated so how does that make me
an anti-vaxxer okay so some real quick
is good rod show the one that you and
Hasan debated Sargon influences that was
train wrecks oh okay I'm not familiar
with twitch things so I was just curious
because you guys kept bringing it up
sorry good wait what was the most recent
point oh about like the you accused me
of being an anti yeah so sometimes
anti-vaxxer can encompass people to
think that vaccines shouldn't be
mandatory as well but i could be a
little more clear there where i think
what she's not she's not like against
the science of vaccines she just doesn't
think people should be compelled to take
them sure but like often times people
that are like oh i don't think the
governor make people take vaccines would
be considered anti-vaxxers but okay okay
no I mean that you been disingenuous
because I'm a big issue because if
people are sanded they don't want to get
vaccinated because it's against their
religion and I believe that I believe in
the Constitution and I believed in
basically honoring people's
constitutional rights how does that make
me an anti-vaxxer I guess a vaccine
optional then dude then they no longer
are effective so you're essentially a
nation do you agree that if someone if
these people decided that they don't
want to get vaccinated because it's
against their First Amendment rights
that they shouldn't have to know even
though even though I so you want to
violate their you want to violate black
people's first
right what is first a little wait wait
wait hold on I take issue with the
assessment that black people is in
general are against like mandatory
vaccinations that's not true now earlier
you said religious groups of people that
might be true there are some religious
groups of people that don't take foreign
things into their body but yeah I don't
care about their First Amendment rights
in this case I think that vaccinating
the public at large is more important
than respecting somebody's religious
desire not to be vaccinated yeah the
reason I mentioned black people is
because this particular black compound
do not trust the medical professions
because of past transgressions against
black people do you not agree that the
medical profession have in the past have
done some very vile things to black
people for example the test Tuskegee
Experiment I'm sure that literally every
institution in the United States has
done bad things to black people I don't
think that's up for debate of course do
you agree yes or no yeah of course okay
so you do know about the Tuskegee
Experiment right um I don't but I don't
think it's relevant to this but yeah yes
it is because the reason why it's
relevant to it is because you had a
problem with me mentioning black people
black people and use and I'm saying the
reason why I mentioned black people is
because these particular black groups
that are exercising their First
Amendment rights stated that they don't
want to be guinea pigs underneath the
medical institution based upon the past
transgressions that they have succumb
and their ancestors have to come
underneath the medical facility this is
DS are these their words not mine okay
first you can sit up here and use hold
on you can sit up and use the police in
the past and slavery and Jim Crow but
when these black people said hey look
infant mortality is going up they
discriminate against us when it comes to
how to give us medication how to give us
pain medication and also they have
injected black people with syphilis and
left it untreated for over 60 years
and killed so many black people because
of that they don't trust white people in
the medical institution now I have no
problem with trusting the medical
institution but whatever the reason why
I'm saying black is because this is a
situation that only affects them as
black people as black people who are
dealing with their First Amendment
rights okay first of all I would just
like the record to reflect that we are
here to discuss police brutality and
treasonous
hard core derivatives now I'll talk
about this topic that's fine I'll talk
about this topic it's interesting me so
my my issue that I have with your
framing is when you say black people are
opposed to vaccines because of this I
think there is a meaningful difference
between that statement and saying that
some black people are opposed to
vaccines because of this and then you
give the history as far as I'm aware the
majority of black people in the United
States are not anti vaccination
there are probably pockets of them that
probably have their own personal
justification for doing so but I think
that distinction is important to make
because I feel very strongly about
vaccines and their importance to public
health okay let me remind both of you
that we were going over and I do believe
I said this at first that we were going
to over my questions in reference to
what happened in the debate and then
we're going to talk about police
brutality sure I'm just making sure you
guys time because Sinatra is not is not
aware what why we're discussing this
because you I told you through email
like I'm not an anti-vaxxer but I don't
believe in violating people's First
Amendment rights that's the reason we're
talking about this okay because I want
to get this out of the way before we get
into police brutality
all right so that is so we understand it
I am NOT an anti-vaxxer we are clear on
that right if the definition of the word
is do you personally do don't you look
up the definition I don't know if like
anti vaccination is in the isn't like
the dictionary let me look up to
I mean like I know that like the
anti-vaxxer movement like in general
says that like the government shouldn't
force people to get vaccines because I
see I see the anti-vaxxer definition
I'll read it to you in anti-vaxxer a
person who is opposed to vaccinations
typically a parent who does not wish to
vaccinate their child hyoma anti-vaxxer
based upon this definition because
you're opposed to like mandatory
vaccines in in public or earlier no no
okay so listen listen no I don't I don't
have to use this word I can use a
different term if you want this isn't
interesting to me so I can call you
would you prefer like anti mandatory
vaccine person or what no why don't you
call me someone who or who's a
constitutionalist and I do not believe
in violating anyone's First Amendment
okay you're a constitutional right who
doesn't believe in violating anyone's
First Amendment when it comes to
mandatory vaccines how about that no I
believe honoring no no I believe in
honoring someone's religious freedom
just like I just like I don't believe in
violating your freedom of speech or what
the [ __ ] you do privately versus
publicly you see the difference see
unlike you I'm consistent in the across
the board I don't try to control
people's speech publicly or privately
and I don't try to control people's
religious beliefs
okay so quickly just lead on't want to
if somebody will Aegis Lee don't want to
get vaccinated even though I will that's
not my thing
I'm all for you being vaccinated I'm not
violate the First Amendment right so I
shot a message off to both of you this
is an merriam-webster the definition of
anti-vaxxer a person who opposes
vaccinations or laws that mandate
vaccinations so I'll just call you the
definition of both the earths in your
dams so we can move on to the next topic
and I'll just call you an anti vaccine
works for me
yeah [ __ ] a person who opposes
vaccinations or laws that mandate
vaccinations I don't oppose any
vaccinations or Mandy I don't oppose
anything
wait you don't oppose laws that mandate
vaccinations what laws mandate someone
to be vaccinated if they claim religious
exemption there is none okay you sound
according to you don't even know the
[ __ ] launcher Sinatra can't determine
if we're twisting us or not I don't want
to do this you just don't want to lose
because this let's say you're just full
of ego here's my thing when someone and
this is the Lord you can talk to a
[ __ ] lawyer people who do not wish to
get vaccinated due to religious beliefs
are exempt they are not forced because
of that exemption so if I am honoring
their religious belief how the [ __ ] am i
opposing a vaccination firstly that
religious exemption doesn't apply
everywhere okay so like for instance in
New York that's actually been challenged
right there are parents suing the school
district right now because they banned
the religious exemption for vaccinations
so that's not even true firstly secondly
if you're in favor of exemptions for
laws mandating vaccines that means that
you oppose laws mandating vaccines by
definition relevant you know the false
comparison I am NOT talking about in New
York I am talking about Atlanta and you
never say well I did say [ __ ] Atlanta
that's what I've been talking about did
she say that she was only talking about
Atlanta I might have missed it can I
just ask enough like wait he's the
moderator he's here to moderate it he
was not here what we had a debate okay
hold on we're getting a little we're
getting a little rowdy let's just stick
to the definition and then we could move
on to the next thing because we don't
want to get stuck off in a rut in this
doing so so hold on see this is what I'm
saying
Steven is being dissident disingenuous
we were talking about my observation
about a religious compound in Atlanta
now he's acting like he don't know what
the [ __ ] I'm talking about and said I
don't remember the other remember that
he's full of [ __ ] I if you go live if
you go listen to that debate or
discussion I specifically said a
compound in Atlanta a religious compound
in Atlanta and he wants to [ __ ] move
the goalposts as always because that's
what he [ __ ] does and says New York
and then bring some [ __ ] up New York
where the New York whatever whatever the
[ __ ] I don't know but what I'm telling
him is that the religious groups in
Atlanta have their religious exemption
honored and because he can't debunk that
he wants to move the goalposts to
[ __ ] New York we're not playing that
and based upon that that they have their
religious beliefs honored and you can
research that there's nothing to oppose
okay are you against mandating vaccines
for religious couple in Atlanta
no wait so you think that that exemption
should be removed no I didn't say it
should be a room or not I'm not opposed
to anything wait I'm trying to reframe
this in a way that makes you look stop
trying to reframe it I'm not I'm talking
about the actual thing you are opposed
to mandating religious people to getting
vaccines that's what you say I am
against violating someone's First
Amendment right okay are you against
violating the First Amendment right of
religious people to mandate them to get
vaccines the answer is yes it's what
you're saying I guess if it just like
I'm against telling you what the [ __ ] to
do in your private life I'm against
telling religious people what to do
we're not talking about private life
right now that's not what's being
destroyed ever I don't believe in being
eight authoritarian like you that's fine
so you were mandatory vaccines why don't
you just
I am NOT opposed anything I am honoring
the constitutional right by honoring the
constitutional rights you opposed
mandating vaccines why can't you just
say that why can't just own the position
just so here's where I think we're
getting that little bit of disconnect
is when destiny says mandating he means
13 months am i right yeah of course yeah
the demand any vaccines yeah and tree
you don't believe that no what I'm
saying is is that they are exempt from
getting vaccinated because I really
because of their religion and what I'm
saying is is that if you are not if you
don't have a religious exemption then
you should be mandatory vaccinated if
you do if you're not claiming your First
Amendment right but if you weren't
claiming your First Amendment right okay
then I don't believe that those First
Amendment rights should be violated so
if you if you don't have in their
religious exemption you should be
vaccinated that's my position so that
that doesn't make me in the anti-vaxxer
because if you're not claiming religious
exemption you should you should get
vaccinated but if you are claiming
religious exemption I do not believe in
violating your First Amendment rights
even if that comes at the peril of the
community where this person says there's
no evidence for that and I'm not going
to go into the what about ISM if you
can't prove it here's my thing prove to
me if you want to change my mind
prove to me that this particular
compound because I can only talk about
what I've observed and what I know that
they have been a risk to society because
if they were and it's thousands of them
they would have been quarantined by now
but they haven't I would always like to
submit both of these to you guys as well
so in Princeville Massachusetts the
Supreme Court actually upheld the idea
that the state can regulate in a child's
interest you do not have a First
Amendment right to not vaccinate your
child now a state could make an
exception if they wanted to but you
can't claim that it's a violation with
the First Amendment to not vaccinate
your child because to quote parental
authority is not absolute and can be
permissibly restricted if doing so is in
the interests of a child's welfare so
even if I were to grant you everything
up to now which I of course won't
you can't argue that this is upholding
the Constitution or whatever because
okay once again false comparison you
bring first of all you brought some [ __ ]
about New York I'm talking about Atlanta
I'm not dying right now I'm [ __ ]
talking about Atlanta I'm talking about
a letter you know you were talking about
the Constitution which isn't unique to
Atlanta not sure if you're aware of that
or not but the US Constitution this is
this is a this is a ruling for this does
not have anything to do with Atlanta
because if it did then these people
would not be allowed to have religious
exemptions from get oh no no no you're
misunderstanding me first of all I don't
know how you think the Supreme Court
works but yes rulings in other states
that the Supreme Court does can broadly
apply to the entire cost of the entire
50 states but what it says is that if a
state compels you to vaccinate your
child and they don't accept religious
exemptions you can't claim that they're
violating your First Amendment now a
state could still have religious
exemptions if they want but compelling
you to vaccinate your child is not a
violation of the Constitution as
declared by the supreme court
understanding cuz you keep bringing up
that like the First Amendment is being
violated it's not according to the
supreme court so apparently if this if
the state of Georgia okay it's honoring
their religious beliefs which is still
part of the First Amendment
okay now whether the Supreme Court is
saying otherwise it doesn't matter the
state of Georgia is honoring their
religious exemption I am honoring their
religious practice I am NOT here to be a
another authority and violate somebody's
freedom of speech or their freedom or
religion or freedom of press and I'm not
here to have somebody do something that
is against the First Amendment okay now
until you show me something that says
that hey these people have to get it
against their religious beliefs then
fine but like I said earlier the point
of hand is with them anti-vaxxer I'm not
I don't oppose
mandatory vaccinations on people who do
not claim religious exemptions okay
Sinatra I'll just because we could go
back from this forever do you agree that
by the definition provided to us by the
merriam-webster if we accept that as
anti-vaxxer that she would qualify as an
anti-vaxxer what do you think this
exemptions argument according to the
definition of merriam-webster I do have
to agree with us any bed I agree with
him in the first place there should be
no religious religious exemption from
any vaccinations that's just my personal
opinion how am i opposed to let's look
at the definition a person who opposes
vaccinations or I do not know no no no
go to the second part laws or laws that
mandate vaccinations there is no law in
Georgia that mandate vaccinations for
this couple for this group so I don't
fit this description I don't oppose the
vaccinations and I there is no laws that
mandate these people to be vaccinated
when you say that people should be able
to have exemptions for vaccinations
you're opposing laws that would force
them to have vaccinations that's what
you're doing do next and the law in
Georgia allows them to have an exemption
just for Georgia specifically not
different states I don't know see here's
the thing I don't know any other states
but this particular state because I live
here and he asked me in reference to
vaccinations and I told him I wasn't an
anti-vaxxer and I told him how I
observed this religious group okay up in
Atlanta and it considers consists of
several different religious sectors okay
who found any exemption within the law
okay so it's not illegal there's no man
no mandate as long as you have an
exemption that's what you exempt from
that so my thing is is that because I
honor their right to practice their
religion if you don't have that
exemption
then you should get vaccinated okay so
apparently on the fourth of January 29th
of this year the chair of the Health
Care Committee of the Georgian
Parliament akaki Zoid say I might be
with slaughtering my name says the
vaccination of children will become
obligatory from June 1st onwards would
you oppose this law if it didn't worried
about religious exemptions
I'm Sydney that law um here this is the
article I just think that this is a kind
of silly thing to get a lost over in the
wheat zone no I mean good thing about it
is he's trying to call me an anti-vaxxer
I'm not gonna let that I mean that you
could be okay with that but this is me
and I'm not an anti-vaxxer so he's
insisting on slandering me calling me an
anti-vaxxer when I said I'm not against
vaccinations so why should I not defend
myself when I am being falsely accused
okay so let's say Georgia mandates let's
say let's say Georgia tomorrow mandates
every single person get vaccines and no
more religious exemptions exist would
you oppose that law no you'd be in favor
of that law if the law says you cannot
claim exemption then I followed the law
then why are you defending why were you
earlier saying it was a violation of
somebody's rights or religious right
cause they can't claim religious
exemption because it's legal it's legal
for them to claim religious exemption
it's not against the law it's not
against the law it's not against the law
for them to have a religious exemption
in Georgia when I asked you if that law
is changed and said in a stated that
they cannot no longer claim religious
exemption and a must
get vaccinated then I'm gonna be on the
side of the law is that so when I ask
you what is right or wrong on what you
believe should or shouldn't be allowed
are you just going to tell me what the
law is or do you have like opinions of
your own about what should ask me that
what um tell me you didn't ask me that I
don't you oppose regulations or laws
mandating vaccine no I said I honor the
Constitution and then when you say
and then I am to honor somebody's
religious beliefs but if they do not
have religious beliefs that will make
them exempt from being vaccinated then
they must be vaccinated in other state
laws don't supersede the Constitution
right well we know it but what yeah it's
quote so if they're so if you appeal in
a constitution that of course the state
is agreeing with us so what if [ __ ] are
you talking about look so when you
appeal to the Constitution to say that's
why I oppose it and then I say well what
if Georgia proposes a state law to
mandate and you go well then I would
support it well then why did you ever
cite the Constitution but it's not like
Georgia can overturn okay sister since
the Constitution triggers you because
you believe in violating somebody's
constitutional rights why don't we just
stop using because I don't want to
trigger you okay I don't want you to go
into you know a convulsion or have a
goddamn heart attack as the moderator
who here is triggered right now could
you give me an opinion trigger
I've got trigger you're triggered
because it's like when I tell you that
I'm getting triggered because we're not
talking about police brutality think
about it is I'm not gonna let him get
away with calling me anti-vaxxer oh [ __ ]
he's not gonna get away with reacts upon
this this definition I'm not an I'm not
opposing based upon the the
merriam-webster dictionary you gave me
says a person who opposes vaccin
anti-vaxxer someone who opposes
vaccination I do not oppose vaccination
how about girls that mandate vaccination
I am NOT against the laws that mandate
vaccination so how to [ __ ] my
anti-vaxxer how about we agree to
disagree and move on to the next topic
how am i I don't think
arguing with this is going to stop him
from calling you an anti-vaxxer so I
don't know why we're stuck in the weeds
on this one I mean I get it you want to
defend yourself against a claim that you
are when you don't feel that you are but
I think this is something it's own
definition proves that I'm not but
that's what I'm telling you no destiny
doesn't like to be wrong you know saying
sorry
which makes you a piece of [ __ ] debater
who just
basically argue in bad faith but we'll
move on I am definitely the one in this
conversation are you don't want to be
wrong okay okay sure real quick I would
like to make a couple of statements
about what just happened so we just
spent 40 minutes derailed on a topic
that I didn't choose firstly and
secondly I would be willing to bet that
she probably spoke literally twice as
much as I did and then I didn't
interrupt at all and this whole derail
and the maintained maintenance of this
topic has been more or less on her I
would say was the question I'm put up
how how well is my your word oh my god
am I talking to do am I the only one who
doesn't have Alzheimer's here I do
believe I said this let me repeat it
again it may be gonna revisit points our
last debate right exactly so how am i
drilling something would I make it a
point so I just I just want to make sure
that I just want to make sure that we
all understand that if at the end of
these three hours
we haven't even breached the topically
fatality no I'm not doing anything I'm
just laying it all out very clearly I
just want you to be aware that if at the
end of these three hours we haven't
gotten to police brutality because we
spent the entire conversation rehashing
out all of our previous disagreements
which I wouldn't expect either of us to
budge on you can't hold me accountable
for that I'll take the conversation
wherever you want to go so I didn't I
didn't say but I also want to say this
firstly you did say you held me
accountable you said that it was me who
was constantly D railing and pivoting to
different topics for the last debate you
claimed that so don't mean to rail but
we didn't agree that's why this is what
you want to talk about now that's fine I
thought we were talking about police
brutality I didn't know that we were
gonna spend the whole debate talking
about our last one first of all did I
not say goddamn I gotta repeat myself
again cuz your asses have a mind of a 95
year old man I said I wanted to go over
the things that you said and you
slandered me and the things that you
basically misrepresented me did I not
[ __ ] say that yeah you did I just
don't know we were gonna 40 minutes per
disagreement oh you do have a good
memory so but the fact that I
established that for the eighth time
you're upset that I'm basically going
over the things that I said we was gonna
go
/ I'm not upset at all right now this is
great let's keep going just because just
because I'm basically holding your
amplifier does not mean I'm upset I feel
like I know you okay I feel like I'm
getting no you don't know what's the
next time from the last debate that's
not alright so first of all what are we
doing right now
we're back we're back I need you to
repeat I need you to repeat it because
you because you kind of like right now
we're spending 45 minutes on each
disagreement we had in our prior debate
so give me the next agreement we had it
doesn't matter as long as as long as I'm
going over the way you misrepresented me
didn't stop being triggered about the
time it's funny because like 20 minutes
in our last conversation I was willing
to make the concession that maybe you're
not an anti-vaxxer just somebody that
likes opposed to some facts but now that
I have the merriam-webster dictionary I
should just call you in Antibes actually
like strengthen my position is why I
love debate you forge these better
opinions fiery pits of debate you're a
fortune reader - what do you what is
your crystal ball tell us for the next
topic what do you got okay
the next one is you said it I harassed
you via email what am i exact words here
did I really say her ass I might have
yeah you said you said on the DT part
that you said I harassed you through
email and with you know basically giving
you a lot of [ __ ] [ __ ] that's not
doing our initial yeah you did okay you
did say that okay so is are you saying
that's what I did
yeah you're super [ __ ] rude in your
emails oh yeah I know so do I have
permission to read off our initial
comment you can read anything you want
from our emails like I saw a public go
for it alright so this is what the
initial email stated when I contact you
I said hey Steven I heard you were bored
about debating progressive think tank
errs
and currently accepted debates from
right-wingers again I would like to take
advantage of that offer I'm free this
Tuesday September 24th
or Thursday September 26 at any time
well one of these days work for you
please keep in mind that I'm on the East
Coast so if you agree to one of these
days
give me those times to choose from and
then you reply back [ __ ] I'm super ultra
busy around that time due to twitchcon
if you're not free on Monday maybe hit
me up the first the second week of
October and then I go and then I reply
back oh yeah that's right twitchcon it's
coming up for you guys I can't do
Monday's I can do Tuesdays and Thursdays
so let let's go for the first week of
October does that work for you
how does October the first sound and
then you said yeah yeah I'm pretty sure
that will work for me
can you shoot me a Google Calendar
invite for that time and date and I said
I don't have Google Calendar since you
are on the west coast I am free that
entire day I'll let you set the time for
October first just give me the time and
it's a done deal
if it's better for you I don't go ahead
just go ahead and set the timezone
according to your area and I'll convert
it to mine and then you said how about
the 13 how about there's the one o'clock
on the 23rd and then I said Steven are
you reading my replies please go back
and read all my words that I typed in my
response to you and then you said oh
whoops I'm trying to schedule two
different things at the moment I'm sorry
lol how about 13 how about what o'clock
p.m. on the first and I said awesome
consider it done
1 o'clock your time which will be 4
o'clock my time on October 1st that's
perfect I have to prepare for my stream
so I'll connect with you again
now that was the first initial contact
now where was I harassing you and where
did I bug you so from my perspective and
I understand maybe you don't understand
what my perspective is but I am
scheduling a multi
two things at any given time when I'm
juggling e-mails back and forth with
people I don't have the time to click
every email and read through prior
conversations there's at least three
other people there trying to schedule
something on varying competing dates
around this so when I respond to you and
I offer a date than in a prior email you
said wouldn't work I'm not reading back
so like generally when I'm contacting in
industry people there was thought to be
Oh I'm not available in these these
these dates what else would work not
hello are you reading my words go back
and blah blah blah like if I wasn't like
interested like most people at that
point I would mark it as spam and delete
it like if you're already like throwing
a temper tantrum like in your email at
that point I'd like okay well [ __ ] this
[ __ ] the reply was like pretty rude but
I mean like I can understand why maybe
you think that like I have nothing going
on on my schedule and I'm just being
rude but like I do like 50 emails a day
I don't have time to like go back and
read through the threads on every email
chain that I sent it's way too much work
my reply was Steven are you reading my
replies go back and read all my words I
typed to my response to you and there
you go oh whoops
I'm trying to schedule two different the
sole obviously what I said to you was
not rude but that's not even up knowing
what you said this rude I'm just hoping
I don't interrupt me when the thing
about it is that's just has nothing to
do with my question you said I harassed
you through email and sent you a
shitload of emails one this is not
harassment two because it's very
pleasant you may want to you know
construe it to not being pleasant but it
was very pleasant and - this was not a
shitload of emails
firstly you're only reading the first
well I'm gonna get to the second part
into the second part when we get to that
but what I'm just establishing here that
showing you that no I did not harass you
you lied and this is not a shitload of
emails okay so now let's go to the next
part yes so firstly yeah harassment is
like pretty relative like I mean like
you're not like harassing me like doing
anything like horrible but like I would
consider this like kind of harass see I
mean I guess we can quibble the
definition also we have had two
conversations so far this being our
second okay and we have exchanged I just
went wait maybe I just wanna look like
thread 30 emails that's a lot to me
that's a shitload of emails okay now you
can disagree with that I don't know what
your email habits are like but 30 emails
for me to set up this is our second
conversation that's a lot of emails
maybe you disagree but that's my you are
[ __ ] liar the our initial you are you
are combining the emails that we had
initially with the emails we had for
this debate don't do that
I am only sticking with the emails that
are connected to our initial debate
because your lion has said that our
initial communication consisted of me
harassing you now I know you were
butthurt because I called you a saying
you had some Alzheimer's on our second
interaction but our first interaction I
was [ __ ] nice okay and I was very
pleasant and we didn't exchange no
[ __ ] 30 emails this initial email
this was very limited and I was not
harassing you so before I get into the
part the day before or the day of our
debate show what what what when you
respond to somebody that was Hall excuse
me excuse me I'm asking a question what
sentence was harassment when you respond
Stephen are you reading my replies go
back and read and then in all caps all
the words and then in lowercase I typed
in my response to you
most people would interpret that as a
relatively rude response when you're
infringing on a very busy schedules
person's time I think that's a fair take
I think most people would agree that's a
[ __ ] way to respond are pretty douchey
way or assholey way to respond to a
message I would say I think most people
would comfortably agree with that sure
there's about a crystal ball you [ __ ]
talk about I don't have that so I had a
[ __ ] my supposed to know you're busy
it's okay
you are rescues me I'm talking you were
responding to money immediately when I
responded to you pleasantly and secondly
okay you admitted that she was [ __ ]
up because you went oh whoops I'm trying
to schedule two things at one time so
you just admit that you [ __ ] I didn't
say I was trying no that's not true I
didn't say was trying doing several
things so how does it's not my fault
because I caught because I sit up here
and said hey hey I you need to go back
and read my replies you got triggered
because I reminded your ass that you
suck at multitasking and then therefore
you came back and said oh whoops I'm
trying to scare the two things that were
dumb I'm so sorry
oh how about we doing it one o'clock and
it went to turnaround late you fell her
ass okay so this is obviously subjective
but like I haven't shown any ill-will or
any mean things I'm submitting both of
this to both of you and this was her
response to me at trying to schedule a
certain day I think that most people
would agree that's a pretty rude
response I'm talking about the first
time will you reply Stephen are you
reading my replies go back and read all
the words I typed in my response to you
most I would agree
I would never type that to a sponsor or
to a client or to a worker because I'm
successful in my industry and I know how
to communicate to other people without
coming off as rude I said Stephen are
you reading my requests I put all the
words not yelling at you because I know
you know you get a little soft you say
not yelling but you typed in all caps
like so did you go read the word since
you said no like that you know why did
you type all the words in all caps
because I don't want to trigger you and
why didn't you just bulb them okay so I
will make another I'm gonna make another
appeal to the moderator Sinatra do you
this response remain a neutral you're
not you're not gonna take a sign that
this is a pretty rude response okay well
I would just say that just know that I
personally wouldn't send that email sure
and the thousands of responses maybe
tens of thousands of responses in
between fans between sponsors between
other entities in industry or
non-endemic I have never even dreamed of
sending an email like this and I've
never gotten an email like this before
it was incredibly incredibly rude you
admit it that you was not paying
attention okay and so and I was not
being rude
okay I'm sorry if if you're bitch-made
but the thing about it is this was not
rude use you
I specifically stated hey I can't do
Tuesdays and Thursdays and so when I
said hey Steven are you reading my
replies go back and read all my words i
typed in response in response to you
okay and by the way there's no
explanation point okay and so my thing
is I wasn't yelling at you I wasn't
being mean you know you're just you just
easily triggered you know saying but I'm
that's not my problem I'm not I'm still
[ __ ] talking and so when I am and so
when you were possibly applied back you
said oh woops so you admitted that she
wasn't paying attention okay and even
then when you admitted when you when you
weren't paying attention my response was
awesome
consider it done if I was being rude
okay
the first initial time I would alight
with them next time pay attention they
said oh no I was pleasant I was pleasant
I was saying listen can you please pay
attention to what I'm saying
you got triggered okay and actually I
call [ __ ] you wasn't triggered
because your response was oh whoops
I'm trying to schedule two different
things at one time lol you know saying
you you weren't you were joking with me
so you was not triggered and it
obviously showed that you was that
triggered the reason why I responded
like that is because I'm not going to
respond to a rude email message by being
rude if I just decided that you were
sufficiently really don't do
I would just mark it as spam and delete
it okay so if we back up here a little
bit okay I am a relatively busy person
okay I have like a pretty big like thing
that I do on Twitch okay I'm one of the
larger streamers on the site and you are
a complete can I finish
you were a completely random person okay
that is of no relevance to me that is
trying to make a demand of my time okay
to come on my show if you wanted to spin
this any which way okay I'm being
charitable to you by allowing you to be
on here okay if we're gonna be like
super ultra real that's what's happening
okay so yeah so like but now but listen
for my personal point of view I like
engaging with all types of people it's
part of my brand I say that I'll debate
anybody I don't care if you get a big
channel small channel I'm gonna Lord my
presence over you or some [ __ ] like that
however in response I think it's fair
that I ask for like some basic
concessions I'm not going to remember
your entire [ __ ] schedule if you
email me availability dates and [ __ ] I
am never going to scroll up and read
through now maybe if you were like
Corsair or Intel emailing me maybe
that's a conversation like okay well let
me make sure I got this [ __ ] like all my
T's cross to my eyes dot it or ever or
maybe if you're like you know stefan
molyneux or ben uShip here like okay let
me but like if it's just like a random
casual conversation I'm setting up then
yeah I'm gonna be bouncing these emails
back-and-forth relatively quickly
I might even be on my phone while I'm
doing it I'm not gonna double-check our
entire email thread so when you respond
back with an incredibly entitled tone
are you even reading my words like the
reality is is that if you messaged
ninety nine percent of people in my
position they would have just deleted
the first email so I'm a little taken
back okay that you would be so demanding
with my attention when I think I'm
already being like pretty decent and
even responding to in the first place so
yeah I think your response was a little
rude I think that I responded as a joke
because I didn't want to be an [ __ ]
back because I'm typically pretty nice
to people and especially my email
changes I'm pretty in my email exchange
I'm pretty professional but yeah but
we're quivering quick wit alike what we
consider to be rude or not I don't know
if we're ever gonna come to agreement
because your [ __ ] you are [ __ ] the
thing about it is what I said was not
rude of you you are you oh you know you
are a [ __ ] made [ __ ] I was not
rude to you in this in our initial
conversation because like I said I said
and I didn't say read them I said go
black
steven kolb what's that supposed to mean
my supposed to be reading my replies go
back and read all the words I typed in
my response to you because we were going
back and forth it wasn't as if this was
an hour long this was several minutes
between you and I so that's what my
thing was and it wasn't a mean response
now I mean I don't know maybe and I'm
just gonna be fair before I go into that
cuz I'll go into the second part of the
email
maybe that I'm I just I wasn't I didn't
grow up privileged and you don't saying
and therefore I had bubble baths and
mommy tucked me in at night and
therefore it made my skin very very thin
and all this other [ __ ] but my thing
about it is is that you know I how I can
get and this was not and I'm telling you
no this will not leave me a room but
your [ __ ] made so maybe it was rude to
you and you got triggered but I I call
[ __ ] on you being triggered because
if you really felt that I disrespected
you and I wasn't worth your time and I
did not demand your time so [ __ ] you for
lying about that I didn't demand your
goddamn time you can't even show any
words I meet the man of your time but if
you felt that at the manager time you
should have deleted the email in the
first place but you didn't because you
knew I was not coming to you in a
disrespectful tone now speaking of an
hour long were an hour into this we've
gone over two topics excuse me are you
deaf she said that we were revisiting
the time go to the bathroom go ahead go
ahead because here's the thing you know
what I'm not going to you are you the
[ __ ] that people do to you Stephen I'm
kind of glad either because you do it to
me I'm sure
so I think so I don't know how you do it
you're definitely not trigger definitely
not [ __ ] man you're getting press so
hard right now thing about it is is that
we're going to the second one where it
says September the 30th which was the
day before and yeah is what Hillary
Clinton like emails got red [ __ ] hey
Steven I hope you enjoyed twitchcon I
just wanted to touch bases with you in
reference to Tuesday 1 o'clock your time
which is 4 o'clock my time on October
the 1st 2019 I don't use discord at the
moment I use Skype I would like to have
our debate via Skype my name is
blink-blink-blink please don't give up
my skype name so please feel free to add
me what's your Skype name so I didn't
hear from you that entire day so you
know the day of our debate which was two
hours before I sent you another email it
says are we still alone you haven't
responded back to my last email and we
are supposed to debate in two hours
what's up and then you said hey yo sorry
I'm here now what's up and I said I
don't use discord but I do you Skype I
would like to have our debate via Skype
what my my name is then gave you my name
so please feel free to add me what's
your Skype name and then you went and
said how are we going to how are we
gonna chat today do you want to do it
discord this differently oh my god this
is why I don't believe in race and IQ
anymore because white people are just as
dumb as everybody else cuz I'm like oh
my god and did I win so real quick real
quick this is important that way no no
no way I literally I have to I just
listen no no cuz you're misrepresenting
this
right here yes you are can I please look
can you look at these emails can you
look at these emails look at these okay
I'll just post the pictures and chat
then and [ __ ] meet you Jesus Christ
look at the time stamps look at the time
stamps okay look at the [ __ ] time
stamps I'm not gonna dock your [ __ ]
name okay look at the time stamps on the
emails okay I said hey yo what's up I'm
here now you reply to that email if you
look at the threading where it says I
don't use discord okay so where I say
hey sorry I'm here what's up I'm Amy Lee
about 30 minutes before post it I'm not
posting anything okay but I want you to
look at the time scamp's because the way
that I responded to these emails I
didn't refresh her my thing but you can
see it I now you sent me that thing
I don't use discord but I do use Skype
and then my next reply looks like how
are we going to chat today
do you use disorder Skype right but
notice that that yet notice that message
where I said how are we going to chat
today that was sent at 12:30 and then I
don't use discord ready to use Skype
your message came at 12:31
now it's threaded weird because I
responded and then you were hadn't
refreshed refreshed yet like I don't
know how to explain this to you but like
it was the weird the way that it refresh
my inbox but I sent that email it wasn't
a supposed to be a reply to yours that's
why I send you an email literally 30
seconds later saying oh wait just
kidding I see your Skype I'll send you a
friend already respond back to you look
at the timestamps you didn't like it
looks like you did because of the way
that it's threaded not sure I'll censor
it out I mean he can decide on this I
responded right back to you and I said
again I read my replies to you and and
that's when you that's when we was on
skype you're not understanding so I'm
just gonna send it to Sinatra did weld
sensor so because I did get up and go to
the bathroom for a second there from
what I can tell it sounds like just in
email not reading the way it should
no no don't don't think of what it
sounds like just look at it here I'll
send you the picture okay there's that
I'm saying the same picture to tree okay
so it looks like it looks sitting it on
your so it looks like she said I don't
use discord but I do use Skype I would
like to have our debate via skype my
skype name is this please feel free to
add me it
looks like my next reply is how are we
going to chat today do use disco to
Skype which is kind of dumb right cuz if
she said but if you look at the
timestamps I actually sent that reply
before I got her other one even though
it's threaded weird it's because I had
her email open I replied and then it
said you've got a new email
I pushed refresh and then her last one
showed up and that's why my literal next
response to her is oh wait just kidding
I see Skype at at through at 3:31 it was
literally like 1 minute later with an
awareness my where's my response that
says again read my replies to you you
cropped that out what I'm literally cuz
you cropped that income how could I crop
I'm just taking it as mutton because
listen listen when you said how are we
gonna chat today do you wanna do this
core at Skype or what I immediately
responded back to you again read my
replies no that email came four minutes
after after I said it did not we show it
to me then go ahead and get the email
this is this is a Hillary Clinton [ __ ]
right here okay sure I'll send it to you
all okay I'm saying this screenshot and
then I'm sending Sinatra this screenshot
so I say how are we going to chat today
to use discord or Skype that was at
12:30 the one above it is at 12:30 1:00
and then at 12:30 1:00 I type oh wait
just kidding I see Skype also I see your
skype I'll send you a friend request
then four minutes later you respond
again read my replies to you that was at
12:35 my time I'd already spawned
responded at 12:30 one that I was adding
your skype though this is just like this
is just like weird email should again
you take the email [ __ ] really [ __ ]
personally but like no because you lied
about me and said I harassed you because
you are you being a dick in these emails
maybe we just have replies you know what
I'm gonna be honest maybe this is just a
sensitive white guy thing okay maybe
because white people are so [ __ ]
[ __ ] around each other we're all [ __ ]
mate maybe that's my fault okay it's
like we're a clash of cultures I'm gonna
be I had a black friend growing up every
time I went to their house for dinner
their family was roll out it made me
scared
it made me scared because they're real
loud around me and I was like man my
white family is way more quiet than this
[ __ ] I'm uncomfortable and maybe that
I'm reliving that right now you know
around my Hispanic family it's not it's
nothing arguing to making I'm just
saying maybe other culture half my
family is Hispanic they're Cuban when
I'd go visit my Cuban family in Hialeah
you know they they were all allowed his
[ __ ] and it made me a little white
person really uncomfortable maybe I'm
just reliving that trauma of my emails
not a race that's why I said that's why
I said that's why I said Hispanic that's
why I said Hispanic that's why I said
Hispanic okay move it so I was you know
we agree that you were [ __ ] made you
Tim all that that's great all right so
so we're gonna move on today you said
that I was just like Candace Owens and
Anthony B Logan can you name me five
things that Kenneth Owens and I share
politically no but when I say that
you're like them I'm not saying that you
shared necessarily political reasons or
political things it was just more just
like the irrational style of
argumentation the inability to grapple
with like actual data and instead
appealing to like anecdote or story and
then like on ironically parroting like
conservative document points that seem
antithetical to like your existence the
comparison when did you debate Canada's
Owens I didn't debate Candice Owens I
can watch videos of her conclusion
because she's a public figure that like
debates people and I can watch videos of
heard so how she is with other people
actually what debate are you talking
about this she had it she displayed all
this you know I don't remember the exact
videos i watch the Candice Owen I mean
we can go find right now wait do you
think I'm the one that's triggered in
this conversation we just spent 20
minutes talking about our email exchange
if you want we can go the well the one
that I remember the most is her like she
has her conversations on college
campuses where she always celebrates
like you know getting off the plantation
and all that [ __ ] I think I've seen an
interview she gave on and I think was
Fox News but I watch Kansas own stuff in
quite a long time I'm just left with a
general impression of her but you can
like me but it wouldn't go revisit
Canada so install yeah of course I stand
by it yeah okay but you haven't provided
any proof I mean I just told you the I
just told you the characterizations I
give to both you her well all three of
you Anthony
logan for weii likens to you guys to
exist like that candace owens debated
and she did what again she doesn't like
to grapple with complicated data so she
prefers like narrative driven story so
like oh like you know there isn't police
brutality against black people blah i'm
gonna ignore all the studies and all the
data and then can you produce that
police brutality yeah oh hey we're
almost there if you want i don't have
this material prepared on hand if you
want to have a conversation about
Candace Owens all you can get every
topic so far I don't I can't produce
something so when I call your ass out to
show proof of it you [ __ ] [ __ ] like a
[ __ ] boy that you are and that's why
you're getting mad because when I said
produce such a [ __ ] debate then you
get triggered like I don't know what it
is okay I will produce it a babe she
said all of us on Joe Rogan do you want
to go back and watch the Joe Rogan
episode with me we can do that if you
want to spend a next two or three hours
yeah you would like first of all she
didn't but by the way go get the
timestamp she did say that so boom I
caught you in that line okay so here we
go I would like to so I will hold on
further records okay I would like it to
be shown I never demand somebody in the
middle of a conversation produce
timestamps about a particular person's
viewpoints in another video now if we
were if you want to have a specific
conversation on Candice Owens we can do
that and I can get that material for you
but I'm not ready to provide that today
I can't do that I'm not yet by the way
if you want to only again if you want to
own me again ask me to do the same thing
for my conversation with Anthony Brian
Logan I'm not gonna be able to do that
either
if you want to have like an in-depth
conversation about my comparison between
the three of you we can have that
conversation but I'm gonna need time to
prepare those sources well then don't
make a false comparison is saying I'm
just like them because I'm not okay so
that's my thing so you couldn't produce
it you just talked about your ass okay
we'll say this one thing I think I'm
allowed to have a broad characterization
of somebody and like you can have
anything you want I mean I mean I mean I
told you earlier why I felt you got I
told you earlier why I thought you guys
were similar that you have an inability
to grapple data you like you can't
consider hypotheticals Anthony Brian
Logan
either the guy said that did not happen
in a debate and you could not produce
such a debate that that happening okay
so there you go there you go all right
all right now you said now you said that
the bump stock allows a person to shoot
a rifle accurately and you said you seen
a video in it when we say accurately
just real quick what do I mean by
accurately well let me get the
definition of it no no no no no no this
isn't a definition thing this is when
you hit the intended target
no okay accuracy doesn't require any
sort of definition and so when you ask
me to give me my personal definition you
disagree with me so when I say when
you're ready and I can explain it oh no
no no [ __ ] you let me go get the
definition since is that like a
definition thing when I said that I was
surprised to the accuracy of bump stocks
what I mean is in relation to other
fully automatic rifle firing okay though
you don't I know because usually I talk
about guns I'm talking to people that
have a lot of experience with firearms
okay so I should have clarified
obviously anytime you're firing a
firearm fully automatic there is a very
low level of accuracy you don't use
fully automatic rifles to like nail
targets with high degrees of accuracy
that's not a fully automatic fire is
used for so when I say a bump stock is
accurate I don't mean you're like
pinging targets you know if I can 100
rounds a [ __ ] minute or Never like it
whatever that's not what I'm saying what
I'm saying is that like you're it's
relatively accurate compared to like
other fully automatic firearms that that
was the point it is say that this is
what you said oh I see somebody on video
suit shoot it very accurately so
databook stock it's me I got saying no
it's not I said I shot a rifle with the
bump stock and it does not shoot
accurately and you said it does all this
jibber jabber you just said you just
[ __ ] say down your video in my
experience with your sucks they are more
accurate than regular automatic they are
not accurate the problem is she's using
accuracy as like some like base thing
where it's like accuracy is literally
like some objective metric but it's not
the accuracy that we would demand of a
fully automatic firearm it's gonna be
far different than the accuracy that you
would demand of say like a 50 caliber
sniper rifle or of like a Glock pistol
or of like a semi-automatic like ar-15
like like accuracy is absolutely
relative to the platform and the rate of
fire like this is obvious I didn't know
I had to actually go into this I didn't
know that I had to differentiate the
buff stock accurately so go get the
video you lying piece of [ __ ] you did
they can literally watch and we
literally watch them after that stream
yeah we can go and we can watch any of
these videos that people find with a
bump stock it seems like surprise
accurately accurate is the bump stock is
slightly but not much more accurate than
automatic rifle chair because you're
still dealing with that automatic recoil
huh yeah of course but like okay I'm
carry swim a tree tree would you say
would you treat your tree would you say
that a pistol is accurate like a Glock
17 is that accurate it's not can you hit
a target at 1,000 yards no oh then it's
not accurate guess you're wrong sorry by
your own definition it's not accurate
okay what's the next topic no you're
wrong it's not accurate if I have a
target 25 feet away okay and I want to
shoot in the bull's eye sinem ass okay
the bumps to recall the recoil from the
stock is going to prevent me from
hitting dead center but when I have the
bump stock off of the rifle I am able to
hit it accurately you don't use you
don't you don't use fully automatic
rifles to hit a target consistently
center mass right that's not what a
fully automatic platform is supposed to
do a fully automatic right you don't
have but when I talk about the accuracy
when I talk about when you have a gun
when you have a rifle
you haven't above stock that's supposed
to mimic
and automatic so why the [ __ ] would you
need a buff stuff on a fully automatic
rifle you don't need a bump stock on a
fully automatic rifle explain it when I
talk about the accuracy of a bump stock
most people that aren't [ __ ] morons
would understand that I'm comparing that
to the rate to the accuracy of a fully
automatic weapon obviously putting a
bump stock on a semi-automatic rifle is
necessarily going to make it less
accurate I know because I assume that
yeah I know you're right I did it I did
not say that you're right no no no
you're right you are absolutely right I
did not say that because when you
initially said that you had a lot of
experience with guns I took you at your
word I didn't realize ever talk after
that
it's very sorry for that when you went
to my channel you saw me shooting with
rifles so you try to pretend that I
never shot a [ __ ] rifle ah [ __ ] you I
got several and I said five hundred
dollars I can produce several videos
that of me shooting rifles now you try
to pretend that you can shoot a rifle
accurately with a buff stock you stood
firm on it I said you cannot you said
you could
I said how the [ __ ] would you know and
then you're [ __ ] I said I saw it on
our video and I said just because you
seen somebody give a [ __ ] doesn't
mean you know how to do it you didn't
bring any of that you just stayed firm
is saying that the pump stock shoots
accurately it doesn't and now you want
to change the [ __ ] gold I don't think
you guys disagree on well I actually you
know I like these arguments I would like
to submit this video to both of you for
review this is a firearms person using a
pump stock who is accurately centerfire
nailing targets at range so you're wrong
there you go you can watch a video of it
seeing this video and it doesn't you a
liar oh my god he's doing five-round
bursts this [ __ ] I've seen this video
and this is what destiny does does he's
[ __ ] gets [ __ ] [ __ ] that
doesn't even prove his [ __ ] point
what do you mean he's using a bump stock
and he's yelling these targets he's
destroying the target what do you mean
how accurate is Anthony does it
literally have to be bull's-eyes he look
at the target he literally destroys the
entire red portion of the target what
are you talking about you sound a little
triggered right now are you okay that
accuracy means you're supposed to sit to
shoot your intended target and if you
show this video of a guy shooting
everything but the intended target are
you like god oh god oh god oh I think if
anything accuracy is subjective to the
all over the target he's proven is that
the bullets are hitting all over the PAS
all over the place what accurately means
you shoot your intended target if I want
to do a head shot and I want to do it
right in the forehead
that's my intended target but if I say
holy i'ma shoot you i'ma shoot the
target right in the center in the
forehead and I shoot you in your nuts
I wasn't accurate that's not accuracy do
you acknowledge Joe you acknowledge that
if somebody says a firearm is accurate
that that's going to vary based on the
weapons platform and it's going to vary
based on like the rate of fire do you
agree to disagree I could talk because I
can actually see does the bump stock
shoot why are we looking at this no I
don't like what you guys are disagreeing
about that's the thing you both agree
that the bump stock isn't exactly well
yeah so her issue is she feels like - I
would say so what I would say is the
bump stock is surprisingly accurate but
like the context of that statement it
should be under
good that when I say it's surprisingly
accurate my initial assumption would be
a bump stock is going to be far less
accurate than like a fully automatic but
it actually is like surprisingly no
you're right I'm agreeing with you okay
I did not clearly spell that up because
I assumed that you would understand that
when I said the bump stock is accurate
it would be an in line with another
fully automatic weapon because no one
you just stayed I would have if I were
if I were to bring you well I'm curious
if I were to bring like a 50 caliber
sniper rifle okay and I would bring you
a Glock 17 and held both of these
firearms you and I said hey both of
these firearms are very accurate do you
think that accurate means the same thing
for both firearms if I shoot it and the
target yes but you can't hit with the
same degree of accuracy targets at range
with the Glock you can't if we're gonna
use your retardant if we're gonna use
we're gonna use you're too [ __ ]
example and say are you gonna shoe it
accurately a thousand miles away no oh
that's great because accuracy is
relative to the platform and the rate of
fire five feet away okay I will shoot
them both accurately so distance that's
cuz I'm a gun guy and I am curious
oh wait if you're a gun guy Sinatra then
you understand what I'm saying right
like accuracy is going to be relative to
the to the weapon platform and it's
gonna be relative to you rate of fire
nobody takes a fully automatic rifle and
is like I'm gonna nail this target 500
yards which that's not what you use
fully automatic you don't use personally
you're the one that said thousand miles
I've never said you sure 2,000 yards or
whatever right I don't know what the
what is this
he's using these false comparisons or
like oh but if I put the [ __ ] target
over there in Mexico and we're over here
talking and shoot it accurately and I'm
like this is so unrealistic this is like
stupid okay I'm talking about like if
you own a range okay
and it's 25 feet away yes I can shoot it
I can shoot the gun
the Glock at 25 feet away even with a
fully automatic rifle even with a bun
stock you're gonna nail this with a bump
stock at 25 feet you're gonna nail that
target do you know how that's within 10
yards
yes you will within 10 yards I can throw
a [ __ ] machete and hit a target at
[ __ ] 9 or 8 yards I'm in California
so our Rangers are in a sad [ __ ]
state ok I don't even think I can find a
rifle and you know what you know what
when I do it you know what your response
is gonna be you're gonna say I was only
talking about bump stops bump stocks in
Atlanta I was only talking about
accuracy in Atlanta
I didn't mean about guns in California
that's a whole different topic what is I
can see this topic as well I've
proceeded every topic so far what's the
next one I don't I thought about such a
federally illegal Nara they didn't try
making yeah I'm sure there's some
variation on it now that somebody's
already designed but I'm sure you can't
even have the same [ __ ] receivers or
whatever are the triggers are all [ __ ]
up in California even on like air 15
because you're not a lot of pistol grip
style rifles it's [ __ ] stupid as [ __ ]
to police brutality ok 90 minutes into
the stream hey didn't you listener she
said she wanted to go over the last yeah
like what what am I not speaking English
is it because I'm black the shooting
[ __ ] don't know what the [ __ ]
I'm saying I'm like I do believe alright
what's the next point of contention
white guilt is not a racial slur
and the reason why white guild is not a
racial slur and Uncle Tom is a racial
slur is because white guilt is based
upon a belief system or some people
would consider a condition and Uncle Tom
is a state of being it is a name that is
given to somebody they're stating that
they are a black man siding with the
opposing white person or white
individual do you disagree yep those can
you like me definition for both of those
yes hold on okay I'm gonna pull my
headphones up I just got to grab
something out of the other room sure
[Music]
it's very a whip sir
that's Uncle Tom
and white guilt sorry I just had to get
a chemo real quick
chemo yeah yes this is giving me cancer
good one so using your merriam-webster
dictionary no we're in here under the
entry of Uncle Tom does it say racist
racial slur um also I'm still waiting
for the white goat one although I'm
getting it for you and here well that's
the case then here it doesn't say a
racial slur here for a white guilt oh so
you're gonna say that neither one is a
racial slur then Oh actually um Bhutan
is a racial slur yeah well you never
like me a definition for that I'm sorry
ma'am
okay hold a second okay merriam-webster
alright so um since you want to play
that game here merriam-webster I'm
looking up the word [ __ ] and it
doesn't say a racial slur so let me go
[ __ ] maybe that's not a racial slur then
so so if you wanna play that game okay
[ __ ] is not a racial slur according to
you okay here's how here's why I would
say that if you want to call Uncle Tom a
racial slur white get would follow the
same way so it seems like Uncle Tom is
usually referred to as a racial slur
because people say that you're
disparaging a person's point of view
solely based on their race in a way
you're calling them like a race traitor
right so they say okay well that's
racist you never call a white person and
Uncle Tom right you'd only say it to
black people to discredit their position
because they're black well if that's
that so that's how I understand people
to say that Uncle Tom is original sorry
if somebody wanted to say that if
somebody wanted to accuse me of having
white guilt I mean they're essentially
doing the same thing you're trying to
discredit my point of view based on my
race saying that I'm being like a rate
erased
oh you have white guilt you're not even
like representing your own race or
whatever you're cooking out to like
black people like an Uncle Tom is
cooking up to white people so I would
say that if you're gonna say that Uncle
Tom if you're gonna go to the level
saying Uncle Tom is a racial slur then
white guilt is a racial slur as well 100
where does where does white girls say
cooking to the black people that it
doesn't even say that in here I'm trying
to feel like where did you get that
definition from I mean it says nothing
that way it doesn't say anything about
cooking to black people well like when
you people use white guilt they usually
do it to describe definition I mean
we're not enter a sonata well we already
both established that merriam-webster's
probably not sufficient for this
conversation so we should be able to
have a big-boy conversation about these
words okay I would say here's one told
me to go get the goddamn definition and
now you want to step in change your mind
I told you to get the definition because
your usage of a dictionary to try to win
some of these like debates is hilarious
because what the dictionary demonstrates
I'm not limiting I'm not spitting what
I've demonstrated is that a dictionary
is not sufficient for this type of
conversation are you okay oh my god how
many times did you see the Joker this
past week you must have been there
Monday through Friday every single day
you're real edgy today okay calm down I
told her to just prove I'm a [ __ ]
liar so how do I save myself from this
oh I know I'll put a definition out my
ass and see if she'll buy it nope oh
wait I would like to submit this into
evidence
apparently merriam-webster does say the
n-word is the most inflammatory and
offensive racial slur where I linked it
control-f racial and it's under usage
discussion of n-word
uh-huh you said in the definition so you
want to see so if we were to sit up here
and redefine it by like okay the
definition of it does not say racial
slur so because because somebody's
discussing it and they may not use it
from the depth of actual definition you
want to gain pivot again so my thing is
show me in the definition of [ __ ]
where it says it's a racial slur okay
just show it to me show me where in the
definition it says it's a racial lesson
white people everywhere on Twitter
rejoicing because you freed them and
then word is no longer racial slur so we
you won that debate as well
what's the night all I was doing by
asking you to cite the debt the
dictionary was I was demonstrating that
like the dictionary is not sufficient
grounds to have a conversation like this
if we want to have conversations about
relatively complicated topics like the
accuracy of a firearm or about like
political or social terms like white
guilt
we can't just read what it says in the
dictionary to have an understanding of
what this means we have to contextualise
a little bit more now a slightly deeper
discussion than just what the text of
the dictionary says that's the point but
if that's the case then why did you tell
me to go get the definition I just told
you why was to illustrate that no you
did no you did literally just say okay
well when you really watch the debate
you can follow along and write it down
as if you did not trust a definition you
should have not told me to get the
definition okay I don't stay like no you
don't understand me I got it all right
but what's the what's the next okay okay
so once again because we tried to get on
this and you kind of like ran away from
it yeah and if you run away from this
one I can just tell you just being a bad
faith debater but you said that black
people get shot for being black produced
the evidence that black people are shot
for just being black do you do you
really want to do you want to do this
you want to go over the studies
if you want okay cuz I know you you're
very low IQ so no I've got like 30
[ __ ] links here if you want like we
can go over no no you are very low IQ so
let me say it again show me evidence
i'ma say it slowly for you show me
evidence that a person a black male or
black woman was shocked just because
they are black let me say it again show
me evidence that a black woman or a
black man was shot just because they
were black go wait a second so are you
asking me that because I'm ready to
provide you data are you asking me to
give you like a YouTube video or like a
one-off story or would like are you like
if I present to you data for instance
that shows that like 21% of blacks are
more likely or 21% more likely than
whites to be involved in like an
interaction of the police that weapons
are involved stuff like this are you
gonna say well all of them deserved it I
need to see like an action it was like
you I'm let me repeat again show me in
your evidence that a black person was
shot just because they were black did
you forget when I actually got the last
[ __ ] time you said that
and I'll rephrase it for you cuz it's on
the vaad you said that if you and a
black person was to go across the street
and see a police officer you don't have
to worry about being shot he has to
worry about being shot because he's
black because you paint us as this you
know oppressed people and I'm like
you're full of [ __ ] and I'm and I want
you to go show me evidence that black
people are being shot just for being
black okay hold on so I have a feeling
that this conversation is not going to
work well like so like I usually like
when I have conversations about this so
like here so like I can give you a chart
so like I can show you like the the use
of force by police the likelihood of
like lethal force being used if you're
black if you're Hispanic or if you're
white compared to like white means show
me evidence that they were shot for
being black I got damn I didn't know you
was this low like you show me evidence
can be shot for being black show me
evidence with them being shot for being
black so can you tell me like what kind
of evidence you're looking for it no no
can you give me a sample of what you're
looking for like okay you made the claim
no no no no no wait don't tell me what I
made I just want you to ask me or
Sinatra can you ask her what kind of
evidence is she looking for like what
does she want me to show her because I'm
guessing like data and statistics aren't
gonna be enough like can you ask her
that find what I said so she doesn't get
triggered I just asked him to produce
evidence whata focus is up to me to make
his monkey ass to produce evidence to
support his goddamn claim are you
serious now are we a reverse world you
made the [ __ ] claim [ __ ] you
got there produced the evidence [ __ ]
dose up Ian ask me what you want me to
produce I'm not your [ __ ] mama
your produced the doc to have evidence
so I'm well what kind of evidence do you
want from destiny thank you that's like
what what dude show me you if you need
me to guide your hand
I don't do you please guide me okay my
hold your hand thank you
show me a statistical data or some data
that says that these people were shot
not because they resisted arrest
not because they try to kill somebody
they the police officer saw him and said
oh my god a [ __ ] okay what about the
pronouncing it sure I don't know we're
gonna say last name correctly what about
amber Geiger the one that walked into
the apartment of the black guy and just
shot and killed him she thought she they
shouldn't because he was black really he
shot him
no okay I can never win such a show me
so why was he convicted so me where she
said she shot him because he was black
she shot him she killed that boy because
she
said that she was uh in her apartment
where she wasn't she was in his
apartment okay so after a jury convicted
can I please talk after a jury convicted
amber Geiger 31 of murder on Tuesday
prosecutors introduced text messages
sent by the former officer that show her
making offensive statements in the texts
Geiger jokes about Martin Luther King
Jr's death mocks her black colleagues
and discusses a dog that her friend
warns may be racist like what kind of
evidence of proof can I show you okay
and and get to the part what she said I
shot this boy because he's a [ __ ] okay
that part that I show me which I lost
you win the debate do you win the debate
yep you win to me I'll never be able to
produce evidence like that you got it
treat you don't like that goddamn claim
you wanna make that that someone was
shot for no other reason but their skin
is black he said that black people get
shot for being black and I said no they
do not
what part of that don't you understand I
don't have a problem understanding it
I'm just so that's my thing he said that
he said that black people get shot for
being black I said they do not and he
cannot produce any evidence that they
are shot for just being black okay so
like we like that so at this point we
have to have like a discussion on
methodology to determine like whether or
not like a shooting was racially
motivated if your bar for evidence there
is literally that they need to come out
and say I shot him because he was black
one that's an incredibly unreasonable
standard that every reason and then -
it's impossible you're very rarely ever
going to be able to provide like yeah
well I can make the statement because
I'm not a [ __ ] idiot right because I
know that this isn't how he said that if
you and a black man was the go across
the street and a confront a police
officer he doesn't you don't have to
worry about being shot he does because
he's black and by the way that's
[ __ ] because you try to say and
that's a racist thing to say because you
try to say that all police officers are
[ __ ] white I'm sorry to let you know
that there are some police officers that
are black so what if the [ __ ]
was black
is that still racist [ __ ] it's what I'm
saying is races
and also wait hold on hold on hold on
you telling me that black cops can be
races against black people are you
making that statement that is exactly
what that is exactly that's exactly what
you just said Sinatra did she not just
say that Sinatra did she just say have a
black person if a black cop is
performing a black person how was that
racist implying that a black cop can't
be racist is that not what she just
implied exactly well I have to go see on
the moderator because you are [ __ ]
insane
you understand that I have to appeal to
the mother that's why we brought a
moderator I didn't say all police
officers are white I would never make
that claim oh my god you don't think
black people you don't think that if
black people can't be racist against
black people
why do terms like Uncle Tom exist if
white people can't be racist it's white
people why did she was like white guild
exist what are you talking about of
course people can be racist against
their own people what a stupid [ __ ]
comment like what the [ __ ] they believe
that a racist primary okay and that and
basically superior to another race if
we're both if me and and somebody is
black which race is superior dumbass so
are Uncle Tom's racist or no no don't
run grab your nuts and answer my [ __ ]
question if if racism believes one race
is superior than the other and we're
both black which one of us is the
superior black you might think you're
both inferior because you're black it's
possible yeah yes racism doesn't have to
do with you and another person it has
two races you can have a black person
supposed to be superior than the other
so we're both the same race how could we
be superior than each other when we both
the same race damn y'all liberals are
stupid now getting back to cuz I know
you deflected right there I didn't look
like anything you're telling me that a
person can't be racist against their own
race and we literally argued earlier
about words that had to do with this
shot for being black I just showed you
that you full of [ __ ] when you make
these [ __ ] baseless claims that black
people are shots for just being black
that's what I wanted to do and I proved
my point
cuz you couldn't reprove such a damn
thing happens
thank you for conceding you got you won
all the debates ma'am
now here's the thing mm-hmm
black people you you you you want to be
the Jesus for black people we are so we
are so down oh my goodness
come on surprise oh my God look at look
at look at can we go read this video no
can we do it oh my god what okay I link
to a video I'm super curious so I I
really like guns pollute or not and I
have a great interest in I just feel
like concealed carry and open carry
these are interesting conversation talks
to me
so one this is like a really common
video they got circulate only internet
when you look at like when white people
open carry
is when black people open carry the
response from the police officers are
very very very different so I'm super
curious at like a minute 20 in this
video a black man is walking around he's
open carrying that's it
not breaking any laws not doing anything
illegal he's in an open carry state and
like six cop cars show up to disarm this
guy and like hold him at gunpoint I'm
super curious why they're doing that
here's the thing I love how you ran away
from the fact that I told you you're
gonna answer the question shut the [ __ ]
up [ __ ] I'm talking I said
produce evidence that a black man has
been shot for being black and your
bitch-ass that about open carry this is
what you want to do to win because I
[ __ ] got your ass [ __ ] you
want to sit up here and bring some
irrelevant [ __ ] did the man in this
goddamn video get shot for being black
no he didn't that's the claim that you
made and you haven't proved yourself
so therefore stop bringing irrelevant
[ __ ] to the goddamn conversation if
you're not going to show me any evidence
that a black man was shot just for the
color of his skin then shut the [ __ ] up
and concede all right I hate you when I
can he did say that he couldn't prove
that because firstly it told us firstly
I do not like Sinatra we are not friends
we have debated in the past and we're
about as ideologically opposed we can be
secondly this is secondly this is your
moderator I didn't I didn't ask for
Sinatra you did this is your moderator
I'm super curious who asked me to be
here and I'm trying to keep the
conversation you know I'm free I'm super
curious I'm super curious do you does it
make you pause for like a second when
the implement the moderator that you
brought then I am on the record having
had debates with then I am on the record
on Twitter fighting with okay when that
guy is not like pulling for you in this
debate like does it make you reconsider
for a moment like maybe I'm
full of [ __ ] it made me realize that
I made a mistake in getting him as a
moderator and by the way and let me just
say let me just say this I own that I
own an L because when I talk to Sinatra
because we was talking about another
another guy right that I was going to
debate with and everything like that he
suggested that he should debate he's
like hey since you and and destiny uh
you know parted on good ways you know we
parted on good ways I'll go ahead and
and I I moderated him I moderated for
him with Count de aquila so I'll
moderate for you too and I was like oh
you're right we brain and I did the same
thing when he might when I moderated for
dank you letís dig there's a Sinatra cuz
here's the thing I specifically said to
show me videos of of a black man getting
shot he bring me some [ __ ] about
open carry and then you put his dignity
muscle well is this could show some to
drink I didn't say that I literally
never said my thing why are you run away
from the fact that I told him that he's
wrong black people are not being shot
for being black but you know what but
you know here's the thing
destiny you're right okay he's been on
your team the whole and [ __ ] down time
rushing me while I'm sup here told over
and over again I said look I want to
talk about I want to talk about the
things that you said and then he rushing
me right away didn't even get the police
brutality do I take this [ __ ] l for
choosing him okay I'll take that goddamn
l as I'm I'm trying to keep the debate
going that's what you wanted me here for
that's what I'm trying to do you suck
ass I regret this decision
I'm curious food you I don't need you to
put his dick in your mouth and got there
suck it to the goddamn skin come off I
just needed you to be a [ __ ] neutral
or moderator
you're too busy enjoy his goddamn balls
in your [ __ ] mouth and I'm like what
the [ __ ] is going on is this a goddamn
debate game I've been quiet
I'm curious who would you have liked for
a moderator if you could choose now I'm
super curious hi hypocrite of course I
would I would I'd be interested in I
miss like doing like the one on - the
one on five man if it's not no one old -
it was just me and you it was supposed
to be just me and you I didn't ask him
to come and help me out he was [ __ ]
hell he hasn't helped me at all yes he
Haley how I'm looking down at my dick
right now and there's nobody on it so
that claim is incorrect take the El on
that one take the El on that one so tell
me I want to know how he helped me I'm
super curious how did he help me in this
debate he basically was on your team how
and oh that's supposed to be I was young
my team hired okay look yeah the entire
debate yeah and then when here when we
when we talked about this stupidest
video that you present it when it's
obvious I said hey you stated that black
people get shot for just being black and
you bring irrelevant [ __ ] about open
carry and he goes well he never said
that that was valid evidence ed that and
I never said that did you say I don't
even know you were like screaming we
were so triggered the whole time nobody
could even hear what the [ __ ] that [ __ ]
was like oh my god you don't see how
this is video I didn't say that
no I didn't say it is what I'm seeing
this is irrelevant we don't need to
watch this video because it does not
improve this point does position it does
not no listen open your [ __ ] ears I
said that
he cannot produce any evidence that
black people get shot for being black he
brings me this dub on toilet video it's
and therefore it doesn't prove you know
that's not enough evidence even if that
was true that's not enough evidence to
prove that he's on my team you need to
show me a clip of him saying I'm on
Destiny's team if you can't produce that
then you're just lying [ __ ] ass I
commit when I'm wrong you can't you
can't remit with your rock you know say
even though I proved a fish's wrong
you can't even admit it so that's it
that all I wanted to do is just show you
that you don't know what you're talking
about you like people don't get shot for
just being black that's right
anything else are we good okay okay well
listen it's been an absolute joy to talk
to you just so you know okay because I
want you to be surprised after we're
done with this conversation I will
continue to refer it to you as an
anti-vaxxer I'll probably call you a
[ __ ] lunatic and I'll probably say
that you're dumb as [ __ ] I'm just late I
just want you to I don't want you that's
great I just want you to know I'm not
saying it behind your back I am upfront
telling you that I think you are
legitimately one of the dumbest
[ __ ] have ever smoked in my
entire life I just want you to know that
up front because I don't want you to I
don't want you to feel like sure yeah
that's fine okay that's great you can
call me whatever you want there you go
amen brother
I agree hell yes that's great okay
alright I just wanted so that we're on
the up and up on everything okay sounds
good alright it's been fun he got
absolutely no questions from the chat oh
well I'm sorry well hey thanks for
moderating but it's been fun
that was super fun yeah I'll see you
later buddy take it easy
that actually went worse than I thought
it would surprisingly yeah I didn't
actually even think I didn't think we'd
even get to like those levels of
degeneracy but I'm continually surprised
by some of the people I talked to like
like at some point like you can't have
these problems or maybe I don't
I have never understood and I don't
understand the stock market so
