things of all them yeah that's the point
of protesting protesting is supposed to
be disrespectful no it has nothing to do
with the Armed Forces it has nothing to
do with it what is the fire department
of police have to do I know how I feel
and I don't know anybody does it that
doesn't take it like a personal attack I
can find you people to talk to you if
you want to there are tons of people in
the military that don't get like this
crazy bent out of shape about people
protesting the United States it's a
matter of the things that symbolize what
we fight for like wouldn't you say that
being able to protest your government is
probably a cornerstone of American
freedom I think that protesting for
something that you want or something
that you think is bad is different from
attacking certain symbols because not me
but that's what you're saying like the
very first amendment that was put into
our Constitution the very first one that
came in the Bill of Rights literally
protects freedom of speech this is my
problem is that I know that you get very
upset every time you get race baited or
gender baited whenever somebody
criticizes Obama and people like all
your racists or when someone criticizes
he'll you all your sexist those things
really bother you yes okay however
exactly and you're trying to deal Ajith
amaizing of your opponent don't you see
how people on the other side feel the
same way when anytime if you criticize
bush it's because you hate America if
you've burned the flag or if you don't
stand up doing the national anthem it's
because you hate the troops do you see
how you're kind of miss directing the
conversation in the same way you're
trying to bring attention to a problem
and it's working I mean a lot of people
are talking about it now with all their
unbelievable amounts of money and did
something for their communities it would
have been a positive way
without slamming people who've done
nothing but good for them okay so why
couldn't all those dirty Negros just
like go and work towards freedom why do
they have to do the big marches and why
do they have to make a big stink out of
everything why couldn't they have just
continued to work in the background it's
the same thing right like you're telling
somebody hey stop protesting just go do
something else
how is Obama taking us back
how because he started he's creating
chaos he's turning everybody on
everybody how is he turning how is Obama
turning in it you don't know who's your
friend anymore because everybody is it's
just a mess and that's his that was his
intent know this but but the mess of all
of this stuff has existed for a long
time that's why we're at this boiling
point getting better things have always
been getting better things are still
getting better but I don't see that
because you go to places like Breitbart
and you're looking at the insane things
that you're posting on Facebook okay why
do you support an organization that
tells you to protest the funerals of
soldiers I don't you do aren't you
Christian don't you support that's news
wet Westboro Baptist Church you don't
support support those people okay so
you're saying that it's not fair for me
to stereotype Christianity based on
things that some people in Westboro
Baptist Church does but you think it is
okay to stereotype all of black lives
matters because there's some lunatics
that go and kill cops well considering
that the head it's a movement it doesn't
have a head this is why I got it
irritated when you said liberals cry
about everything on Facebook when you've
got Republicans going apeshit because
people are sitting down during the
national anthem don't you think in the
grand scheme of things of all the yeah
that's the point of protesting
protesting is supposed to be
disrespectful no it has nothing to do
with the Armed Forces it has nothing to
do with what is the fire department of
police have to do I mean more people
died going over to Iraq and Afghanistan
than diet in 9/11 I hear you on the
other hand I feel disrespected why do
you have to do what you think is right
that's the bottom line okay but so but
when a black person says they feel
disrespected because of how cops treat
it's basically saying every cop in the
United States is bad you think that's
what he's saying so yeah I can
understand them testing at different
grade levels to make sure they're
actually learning those things okay then
what's your problem with common core I'm
not sure because I'm not sure anymore
after
last explanation that's because the only
like introduction you've had the Common
Core has come from you're insanely bias
and insane videos that get posted from
your extreme alt-right websites who
think that Common Core is literally I
mean it's kind of new but I mean it's
because the problem is no your people
are starting to Foster in people of my
age into that same Blake realm of
insanity so now we needs it a new name
for I don't know no that's the whole
point of Common Core was to give a
common standard across the entire know
there was it it was on a state-by-state
basis no that wasn't the idea is that if
a school is not teaching for whatever
reason a parent should be able to take
that kid and put it wherever they want
to know that that kids gonna keep but it
doesn't work that way all the time mom I
think it's a good idea because schools
run on money you think it you think it's
a good idea because you're totally out
of touch with reality mom somebody
working two or three jobs might not have
the capability to transport their head
to another school 20 or 30 minutes away
it's not that easy you know you're not
gonna be able to get transportation
you're gonna have to expand funding
you're gonna have to tax your property
taxes a little bit what whatever okay
whatever it takes that's the liberal
argument for expanding government you
realize that right that's not true then
why is it that when you talk about
cutting the Department of Education and
eliminating federal standards and
leaving it all up you are no Trump is
and I assume that you agreed with Trump
do you want me to read you some Trump
quotes on the Department of Education or
do you want me to read you exactly I can
give you exact quotes if you want but I
know that you're not usually interested
in what he actually says okay then here
is some here you go
a lot of people believe the Department
of Education should just be eliminated
get rid of it if we don't eliminate it
completely we certainly need to cut its
power and reach education has to be run
locally because I don't want it to be
run locally I don't know what some
[ __ ] town in Indiana is gonna teach
its kids about math and science I want
there to be federal standards for what
we yeah federal standards yes that's not
how schools work mom and that's why the
No Child Left Behind failed horribly if
you're a school in a ghetto
and you're a teacher that only has
access to 30 40 crazy kids a day who are
in fucked-up homes that live in
fucked-up neighborhoods with fucked-up
families or not even families cuz single
moms
how are you gonna take this kid you
think him going to another school is
magically gonna fix his problems this is
why everybody last set conservatives
when they talk about things like
education because you're so obviously
middle class it completely out of touch
with what it's like to live as somebody
who's completely economically [ __ ]
they're being posted on his website but
he's never been able to talk about
anything in detail that doesn't bother
you
he's getting more and more detailed ear
you can't name a single speech or a
single interview where he's gone more in
detail right you can't give me any of
those damn I'm killing your time my
memory is just no no that's good I can't
kill for another game for nine minutes
so other ways to bring in money and how
are you gonna bring in money when all
you want to do is cut taxes for
everything though where is Trump getting
all this extra revenue from how is he
gonna bring businesses back to the
states he hasn't said it yet the
business corporation taxes in the world
kind of and that's why companies leave
kind of yeah it is
sure so do you think it's economically
feasible for the United States of
America to adopt a corporate tax policy
that is going to be competitive with
countries that exist solely to provide
competitive tax policies to these
consumers do you really think that we
can compete that way I think then why is
all of our manufacturing in China and
Mexico how are we bringing it back
because he said he was and I believe him
he's not getting it alone he has people
that work for him that know different
things about you know to get this stuff
together okay if he's actually given
like a detailed plan on how he's going
to bring stuff back I would love to hear
it but he hasn't given it at all if
someone is not being fair with us yeah
what does that mean though well maybe it
means that they import all their stuff
and they don't take any imports from us
okay maybe that's just cuz we don't make
anything that they want or because it
doesn't really matter why okay you can
find if you can find me any details
again I'll write somebody let's follow
this election far more closer than I
wish I had
well he got how will he get he won't he
has no plan for it at all he won't be
able to either because he has no idea
what he's talking about he would be
destroying relationships with countries
all over the world
no no mutual respect is not a bad we
have mutual respect with the United
States of America who's walking who do
you think is walking all over us what do
you think is walking all over us I'm
just saying I'm just saying I'm curious
cuz I know that you also passed this
meme around that Obama goes around the
world apologizing for us or whatever who
do you think walks all over us
we can't just tariff the [ __ ] out of a
country that we don't want to export a
lot of [ __ ] to because one that hurts
relations with them to China has more
leverage than over us that we do them at
this point probably although we're
probably their biggest importer why
because you think that we run on
patriotism and love of our the eagle
that flies around but not everybody can
afford to do that that's another that's
another thing more people don't have the
option of paying 220 dollars or
something that they can get for two
dollars at Walmart things about this
country is intrapreneurship not
everybody could be an entrepreneur a lot
of people know they can so that's not
true
that you would expect every single
person to just a lot is 1% 2% it doesn't
really matter it does remember brownie
Steven yeah we have another dog that's
just as big as or maybe even bigger that
you would absolutely love and he's just
a puppy but he's bigger than her don't
you dare don't you do that I'm sorry I'm
sorry Steve what she job I think he was
about to eat the couch but he's a
wonderful puppy okay my time myself long
ago play games okay I love you all right
I love you guys so maybe I'll come down
for Christmas okay I love you okay all
right all right
[Music]
can real dude maybe she said want to
talk to you dayum what the
