Stephen Bonnell Stephen used to talk
about back that like being a broadcaster
has on broadcasters yeah what about it
did you ever have any kind of like
solution based thinking to that like a
way that broadcasters can actually deal
with that I think that I think that you
have to have more general solutions ways
to solve problems in life and then you
apply those I think that a lot of people
don't have like a system like a method
by which to solve problems in their life
so like a lot of people just kind of
stumble into solutions or other people
kind of force them into it they don't
have to think about it but I think if
you have like a problem solving like
thing you can run through it and work
yeah something like that yeah I'm
reading a book by Dan and shape Heath
called decisive and it's about how we
make better decisions and it covers like
frameworks like that yeah so could you
give me an example of like a framework
that you think would have like apply for
better mental health fight is like a
series of questions that somebody would
ask or is like doesn't work can you give
me an example situation yeah let's say
you're just like you're a broadcaster
that's coming into a lot of popularity
mm-hm and you've you you're not used to
the kind of like level of like criticism
and negativity that's being levied on
you and it's starting to starting to
take a toll so the very first thing that
I always do for everything is I try to
make sure that I'm trying to understand
like what exactly is it that I want this
is like very very high level fundamental
like what do I want to do like what
makes me happy what do I enjoy or
whatever and then I try to make sure
that whatever struggle I'm going through
is a fight that is getting me in that
direction so let's say for instance my
goal is I want to be really good at
legal
legends and I want to have like a
thousand concurrent viewers doing it I
think that's my goal because it makes it
enough money for me to survive
let's say that I found a way that I can
explode my popularity by talking about
politics while I play League of Legends
and that's starting to give me a lot of
problems well rather than like trying to
figure out how can I solve every problem
like I've got to do this if I back up to
kind of like if I kind of back up to
this like core principle and I'm like
hey okay well what do I really want okay
I want this what what I can realize is I
have a whole bunch of trouble that's
coming in an area that is pushing me in
a direction that I don't even even
necessarily want to go and I think that
like being able to take really fun
approach even steven bone am i right
guys peppy laughs nice I think that
being able to take like a really
fundamental approach to like figure out
like well what do I want and then am i
working towards that is the struggle
that I'm going through right now getting
me closer to that I think that that's
like a really important thing to do
because a lot of people will fight and
wrestle with things where it's like what
the [ __ ] is wrong with you like what are
you even doing like they don't realize
that something is like already [ __ ] or
whatever
the easiest example that I can think of
for this it's kind of really it's kind
of like this but it's not really but
it's like when people give like
relationship problems and I'm like hey
so I've got this girlfriend a boyfriend
we're fighting quite a bit and I think
he might even be cheating on me and
there's a lot of bad [ __ ] going on and I
was like oh wow well how long have you
guys been together and the first like
whoa we're going on our second month now
and it's like wait what the [ __ ] is
wrong with you like hold on like back up
like hold on like if you're and if
you're having this much trouble like
your second month in like this is
already [ __ ] like you need to like get
out like think about like what it is you
want like is this what do you want to be
fighting over this type of [ __ ] for your
entire like this is dumb as [ __ ] you
know so how does that translate into
like let's say a person like like in
this example so like a person is getting
like one two like three negative
comments a day and then that like ramps
up to like 50 to 100 right even with the
a goal in mind mm-hmm like um that that
amount of that this sheer amount of
negativity is like it's like a lot for
anybody to handle yeah so this is like
really this is okay so what I want to
say this is so [ __ ] hard it is
impossible not impossible it's really
[ __ ] hard for this you have to be
able you have to have a level of
introspection that allows you to be
brutally [ __ ] honest with yourself if
you're getting negative comments you
have to be able to say why is this
happening what is going on and if you
find that at the end of the day you're
constantly playing like you have to have
like a blame yourself attitude first on
[ __ ] everything I don't mean like
blame yourself like oh like I'm a
horrible person but like what can I do
to change this so I can give an example
recently right so I've had a lot of like
lefty problems with my community where
people are taking these and I'm saying
they're blowing them out of proportion
hyperbolically they're taking things
they're running about crazy things so
like it's easy for me it's like okay
well you guys are dumb as [ __ ] this is
stupid blah blah blah blah but at the
end of the day I can only control one
person and that's me so I have to take a
step I gotta go okay well what the [ __ ]
is the problem like what's happening
okay
my takes on Twitter sometimes they're
too hyperbolic the language that I use
encompasses or appears to encompass too
many people and it seems like I'm not
adequately expressing my ideas in a good
way so I need to take a step back from
that I need to refocus I need to realize
well the reason why people are reacting
this way is because of the type of
messaging that I'm doing and I can
change that that's within my power to
change and it's something that I want to
change right now I could I could go back
to like that fundamental thing is like
well what's my goal is my goal to just
get everybody in the Internet to hate me
not really that's not my goal my goal is
that I want most people to understand
the meat of what I'm saying and if
people are getting mad at me for sure
that I think we should be agreeing on
then that's a failure in my part to
communicate right so I had a so like
last week I did like kind of a refocus
on that I was thinking is like okay well
this is bad and that's when I made a big
poster my star bird was like I think the
post is litter is how like we can do
better right so I frame it as a problem
that both me and my community need to
tackle instead of saying like hey you
guys suck [ __ ] you need to fix ourselves
instead of like hey all of us are having
problems you can do a better job I can
do a better job let's work towards this
and that kind of like refocused on that
problem seemed to have guided a lot of
the discussion and at least right now
the conversation and my community is a
lot better and then I'm trying to be
more mindful when I tweet things or when
I communicate with people about the type
of takes that I do to make sure that my
image is more concise but that's like
that's like an example of like so I had
a problem where a lot of lefties are
going [ __ ] crazy take a step back I
have to do a level of introspection I'm
gonna forget about why the [ __ ] is this
happening I have to ask myself do I want
this to happen
I don't well what can I do what behavior
and I do to change this and then how can
I effectively communicate that change of
behavior to encourage them to change
their behavior as well [ __ ] sorry does
that make sense do you get on that yeah
the one thing that I think I had a
trouble with is when he said people are
getting mad at me for so that we should
be agreeing on I'm failing how do you
differentiate between what people should
be agreeing on and what they aren't so
so for example so some of the takes that
I give on Twitter so like I tweeted out
like like workers are [ __ ] stupid
right it's something that I firmly
believe in but if you you have to know
me and be slightly charitable in my take
to understand like the underlying
message that I'm delivering right right
when I say workers are [ __ ] stupid
and if you follow my stuff for a decent
no time you generally know what I'm
saying when destiny says workers are
[ __ ] stupid he means that like the
average American is pretty clueless to
how the overall structure of society
works and probably shouldn't be in
charge of making high-level decisions
about how things work right I don't want
like Joe Schmo down the [ __ ] Street
that works at the shoe factory voting on
like the interest rates of the Federal
Reserve I just don't think that's a good
idea
or bordering on like climate change
policy but that's like but to get that
message you have to be very aware of my
content and you have to read it a little
charitably because there's a lot of
other ways that tree tweet could read
right like oh well Jesse thinks all
workers are [ __ ] morons he thinks
that management or owners are
intrinsically better than other people
destiny thinks that like workers the
common man are just not as smart as he
is he's a very arrogant he thinks that
workers are stupid because they didn't
go to like the right families or the
right bla bla there's a lot of like very
bad readings you can give a tick like
that right and I don't think that those
types of bad readings like there are
certain types of bad readings that I'm
ok with like if I'm making fun of like
white nationalists or some [ __ ] I want
to add how like I'm okay with them
getting upset with me but if it's people
who should agree with most of what I'm
saying and they're constantly
disagreeing like hardcore with what I'm
saying because for whatever problems a
man I think they have problems but but
if it's within my control to change that
then I should be able to take a step
back look at my behavior and then change
and going forward does that make sense I
just don't understand how you
differentiate between people that should
agree with you and shouldn't so like in
I feel like I think that idea right so
when I so here so here's here's
something that I can say right black
people are pretty [ __ ] stupid in the
United States so there's two ways you
can read this message erased real lists
can read this and they can be like oh I
agree well I mean look at the IQ but
seeing black people and white people
like
genetically dumb or a progressive career
this and go Oh
black people are historically oppressed
the dates and then due to being there
due to their socioeconomic status and
how heavily that's had an education they
have the less means to educate
themselves or to achieve things in
society right so if I just leave that
same and black people are [ __ ] stupid
and then a whole bunch of people on the
Left get mad at me and I'm like well
wait hold on guys
like we agree on this right they would
agree given all that explanation but
like when I leave the tweet out there
and kind of like an inflammatory
hyperbolic way and I don't describe all
of the underlying message then you can
see how people are gonna jump on that
like wait hold on dude what the [ __ ]
does that make sense yeah yeah yeah it
just seems to me that like there's gonna
be a certain amount of just passive
resistance that increases exponentially
with your recognition yeah you had so
again like this this goes back to the
introspection thing it's really hard but
you have to be able well I don't know if
you should have to do is you can hire
people to do this too because they're
people that specialize in this I like to
submerge myself in the filth of online
commentary and see what the people say I
feel like if I just sit there and I
[ __ ] read the YouTube comments the
reddit hell yeah I read all that should
I read it and if I like if I see like
sides I don't know I just fight because
I'm on my phone [ __ ] cause I've read
everything I'm no I don't mean like how
in a time since I mean like how in a
mental sense like I just like because
well because one I don't read my youtube
comments cuz I just I literally will
have a worst day if I don't and I and
like I want to stay away from the memes
of like like there's like there's like
the memes of like well you just don't
respond in the same way and I like like
a way like a wafer I feel like you have
a mental framework for dealing with this
stuff that's better than other people
like I kind of like refused to take the
like sociopath answer I just don't think
that's like yeah I don't know I don't
know how to give you a good answer this
I don't try to sound edgy but like I
like I don't know if I'd call it a
sociopathic framework but the way that I
view it is that every interaction I have
with another octave with another person
is I can gain something from you there
is something that I can take from you
and when you're giving me feedback even
if it's negative I know who I am I know
who I want to be and I know the path
I need to take to get there you giving
it a feedback isn't going to devalue my
image of myself and I don't give a [ __ ]
who you are because there are like two
people on this planet that I respect and
you're neither one of them so whatever
bad or wrong thing you say about me I
would attribute just as much to you
projecting it onto me as any other
random thing I don't care
so with that framework that's really
important I think it's really important
to have like a very high image of
yourself and you'll be able to read I
mean in my case it's a million people
saying I'm a [ __ ] pedophile or a
racist or yeah everyday yeah but like I
don't but these people are like if you
stop and think about like the conditions
of like any of these people like most of
these people are like in in a in a
pretty sad state and maybe I'm lucky in
that like I've had enough of these
encounters where it's like when you when
you have the chance to dock somebody who
is like giving these types of comments
whether they're doing it on YouTube and
you can click through to their channel
or if they do they're going to Twitter
and they've got their LinkedIn attached
you never click through and these people
are like super successful successful ya
know they're usually they're like pretty
[ __ ] sad people you know like I'm
coming back off a vacation in Hawaii
would like my beautiful 20 year old
[ __ ] Swedish girlfriend and some guy
is calling me like a rapist and I click
there on his YouTube and the only person
commenting on seventy two videos is like
his mom or his sister that he still
lives with like I mean at the end of the
day like how much do I really give a
[ __ ] about you know what I posted on
Kiwi farms or a guy posting on reddit
yeah you know I don't care I know who
I'm so as long as you can like maintain
that image of yourself if you know who
you are and you know who you want to be
and you know what you have to do to get
there right you should be able to wade
through the filth and try to find like
threads that that are maybe worth
investigating so for instance right you
might see a ton of people saying that
I'm a pedophile that's not really
something I'm worried that much about I
know that I'm gonna file I'm a raped any
kids recently or at all go upstairs okay
I don't rape kids ever okay never made
it in my life okay but sometimes that
wife's you fail man really helps you out
honey yeah that's good but um
yeah okay but anyway if I start to see
like a lot of similar put comments pop
up in a lot of different areas like oh
he talks too fast oh he does ad hominem
oh he does a thing if I see a lot of
stuff like that then at some point I
have to say like okay I have to ask
question why do people feel this way and
then once I figure out why they feel
this way I have to figure out do I want
to change that perception and then once
I figure out if I want to change ivory
then I'd say what's the most effective
way of changing it does that make sense
how do you separate that from your
personal identity once you start once
you start once you've legitimized a seer
a threat of kind of like entry so like
here are some example things that I see
about myself a lot on the internet so
I've seen people say for instance that I
use disingenuous debate tactics that's a
thread that I see pop up over and over
and over again and a lot of different
forms I think that's worth investigating
if I see that enough then then it's
something that I that I investigate so
like I pay attention when I debate like
am i doing the disingenuous debate
tactic and I've engaged firsthand in a
lot of conversation with people words
like hey you said I've done this thing
can you give me an example like a single
example I don't know I read it I've done
it on Twitter and I've done it in a live
conversation of people can you give me a
single example of me doing this and
nobody has provided a not even one
example right or I also hear like oh
destiny talks over people he talks too
much blah blah blah blahs like okay cool
well let's see where this has happened a
lot a lot of people say it happen in my
Nick Quintus debate somebody logged the
time on it and he talked for two hours
when I talked for one hour right like
when I started looking okay
these are complaints they're not
legitimate what could I do to change
them right like in order to make people
and honestly when it comes to something
this it seems like the only thing that's
happening is they're just mad that their
guys are losing the debates so they try
to like project or ascribe something on
to me that I don't think I'm doing so
like in that case like I feel like I've
done the proper investigation into these
types of complaints and I don't feel
like I need to change anything here I
don't think there is an effective change
that I could do here to make people
agree with me other than going down like
a very very different route with my
content where I try to be like a lot
more friendly or something which is not
something that I'm willing to do because
that doesn't align with my core
principle of like you know being correct
or brutally honest an argument or
something thing so you're just making
you're making an internal value judgment
for each one of those and if it comes
out on top you'll change it but
sometimes it seems like
one of the time you're just sort of
changing your you're not even change
something really or changing to a public
perception does that make sense like
well like so there is something I
learned this I don't even know how I
figured out so much [ __ ] very luckily
when I was a kid I had this like edgy
[ __ ] quote that I I'm not caught that
this phrase I had in my mind I was like
18 or 19 it was the idea that like
perception is reality and I very much I
very much agree with that how people
perceive you is the reality that you are
living in regardless of anything else
like if enough people are saying a
certain thing about you then people are
going to have that concept in mind
whether or not you want them to so like
people's perceptions of you as a public
figure define you as a public figure
does that make sense yeah yeah perfect
yeah enough people perceive Jordan
Peterson or bench Cruz being alright
even if they're not and that can define
you yeah in terms of how other people
interact with you so I think it's really
important to understand people's
perceptions of you and then it's up to
you to figure out if you think it's
worth trying to change it or something
you even want to change or how much you
can change it so do you have like a
vision or like a central vision of like
how you want to be perceived publicly is
that something that you consciously
fashion yeah I mean I like to I want to
be perceived as somebody that is
relatively cold or unemotional in terms
of I want to be perceived as somebody
that like uses like a rational thought
process to arrive at their conclusions
and then somebody that is just trying to
be like brutally correct and in terms of
delivering an argument that's all I
that's all I really want to be perceived
as I failed in some regards though
because my messaging wasn't clear on
certain parts so for instance like a lot
of people perceive me to be like a very
compassionate person or a lot of people
perceive me to be like a very
politically charged person when I'm not
really either of those things they're
just a byproduct of my other two things
that's been a failure of communication
on my part and I've kind of tried to
push back on that although it's really
hard to do that without sounding very
[ __ ] edgy but yeah that was a part of
I don't know how long ago was maybe a
year ago you started you started talking
about or you made like a pretty
deliberate attempt to say the he were
actually like a really selfish person
you remember yeah that's why I'm not
your friendly neighborhood progressive
host or whatever came from yeah there's
a lot of yeah yeah because I really do
see myself as like I see myself as like
fundamentally
different than people like say like
Hassan who they have their place and
they have their purpose and they do
their thing but when it comes to like
arriving at a decision I'm not
emotionally charged at all like I'm just
trying to figure out like what is the
most like comports with my definitions
of reality in fact like it's possible
and that's it that's all I'm carry I'm
not finding like the best way to help
you know black people for the sake of
being virtuous or the best way to like
make women rise up because I think that
that's like morally what we ought to do
whatever it like they're more just
positions that I think would make the
world an overall better place and then
that's like the position that's the
framework that I operate within and
that's it I feel like we used to have we
had a couple of really long
conversations about being on being on a
platform gives you I guess I just word
this I'm like a than the way that I'm
thinking about it I don't know how it
turns out like being on a platform
almost obligates you in a way to to do
well by people what I mean by that do
well by people well to better the world
in some way at least it oh no that's
right you believe that right yeah I do
but but but I I think I've won you over
a little bit to that side over time no
way I don't think so no no no well let
me give you a good one then okay um do
you believe that you believe that people
like John Zurcher should be do
platformed yes okay so then you believe
there is a pretty objective actually can
you tell me why I don't like the
presence of bad faith actors I think
that they do a demonstrable harm if I
could define morality in any way then
people that in either intentionally lie
to people or in grossly engage with
gross negligence engage with like
information or fact are people that they
don't do any good there's just no
positives to them being there like you
could delete this type of discourse from
all of human existence and nothing about
you would be lost okay so would you say
we as a society have an obligation D
platform bad faith actors and if I could
get everybody bought into my moral
system you can highly apply sense then
yeah I would say so for sure
okay then by the same metric that that
there's there's a there's an evil that
is defined okay yeah I don't like you
some label my brochure for this yeah for
sure yeah evils kind of strong but like
there's there's a there's a there's a
system there's a there's a unethical
platform there's another ethical
position that's defined right like bad
faith actors are yeah evil is the wrong
word but like some kind of it's defined
as in as a negative on society right is
the reason we are D flat for D platform
these people is because the negative of
them existing is is too high a cost for
what what they're doing versus versus
free speech so if there is yeah if
there's a negative to that level then
why isn't there there's a positive on
the other side right because so so the
corollary is there are people that are
out there that are broadcasting great
messages mm-hmm and doing a lot of good
right so if we have an obligation to
remove people who are bad faith actors
why we don't have an obligation to
encourage people to not be bad faith
actors and to and to improve the
platforms that they are on does that
make sense um I mean I I don't know if
like like if you were to say for
instance if we ban people from murdering
is not murdering like something that we
example we would absolutely we
absolutely have programs where we
encourage people not to kill people
right from a very young age we encourage
people to have a responsibility to take
care of each other and to know I just
I'm not sure if like taking care of each
other is like the the binary like the
opposite end of like murdering someone
like if you the opposite of murdering
somebody is like helping your fellow man
I don't know if I necessarily agree with
that I mean I guess I mean I guess we
could to say so I'm not sure basically
like I believe that like I I think that
humans aren't Daud with rationality and
that if you neglect your rationality to
arrive at conclusions that you were
operating in an area that is
incompatible with human society today
and that type of thought should be
excised from human existence that
nothing of of real value can come from
that
at least intentionally so I so in terms
of like encouraging people to be
rational I guess you could say yeah I
would encourage that but I don't know
that's necessarily the opposite of like
people that are operating from this like
it's an addition again I think the
inverse has to be true bill I like if
you're gonna if you're gonna define a
category and say okay so like here's
here's I guess another way to look at
the framework if you there's a
possibility that without the
self-awareness that you have that we
just talked about you could become a bad
faith actor or I could or anybody could
yeah yeah unless unless there's some
kind of attention to detail or I guess
introspection would be the right word
which is like this is this is what I'm
trying to be an accomplished and I think
that there is some good in that um then
then you're you're all your along that
path to the dark side before you know it
so what I'm kind of what the framework
I'm trying to paint is that I think you
you that that thought process is
implicit in this introspective process
that you do that you define yourself by
which is like who do I want to be so so
like I don't I don't think in that in
that thought process you are saying I
want to be a person who misleads people
or directs people to do things that are
destructive you'reyou're actually
implicitly making a statement to provide
value to people by virtue of the way
that you think about yourself I guess
you could see that way sure yeah sure so
in that sense yeah you're you're you are
actively bought into and this this
concept yeah kind of yeah that I would
want people to think I guess think like
me right as usually what I say yeah and
and not only think like you but also
think like you in a way to improve
themselves kind of I just I don't know
what necessarily care about that I just
want people to exhibit rational thought
processes I think yeah but that in
itself is a is a massive step forward
compared to where we're at normally
right yeah I guess it's just one is like
an and and the other it's like a means
to an eye like eye if you self improve
yourself at the end of the day or not I
don't honestly I don't give a [ __ ] what
you do if you jump over bridge or
[ __ ] whatever go do video games or go
play sports but I don't care whatever
like that that's not it's not my goal
isn't like form you into like a good
person or a virtuous person or
productive person or happy person
if I do that's cool that'd be nice I
guess but like at the end of the day I'm
just trying to push forth like a more
rational thought process I think from
rational thought processes these other
things can stem in a very organic way
but that's like my those are like the
byproduct of what I would do I would
hope I guess yeah so in that sense you
do have an obligation to better people
um I just it's internally served kind of
yeah the word obligation can be like
really strong that implies like a heavy
sense of morality but yeah but I think
that I think the concept stands that's
what I've always thought of you the more
that I because I if you remember I
approached you a while back and I said I
guess that the summary was like are you
conscious of what you're doing with your
platform right yeah and you said you
didn't really care at the time wait when
was this uh a year ago you said he
didn't give it the exact words he said
was he didn't give a [ __ ] about what
people think of you yeah and then it
really depends on the context of that
conversation I feel like if I said
something like this I feel like it would
have been more likely because I believe
that you have some like responsibility
to like public discourse like if you're
a public figure like there are people
that are going to take what you say and
like run with it whether you want them
to or not but I'm like I feel like I
would have responded that way more and
more in response to a question of like
what do you do if people if you could be
more convincing to people that's usually
something I get out sorry why don't you
try to be more friendly and convince
more people that you're correct and
that's not really something I'm
interested I don't really care about
that for sure yeah so I feel like but I
mean I do believe that you have like
some I mean I would say that I should
have an obligation to act in a way that
I think is like consistent with the way
that I think everyone else should act
exactly yeah and and do you think that
is good to act that way to use a really
general term I really sorry the word
good but yeah I guess I would hear yeah
yeah better than bad faith actors okay
like at least sure it's it's difficult
for me to go through this because it's a
hard concept to verbalize yeah but I
think you get the gist of it because I
could say
like in my in my context right like I
wake up every day and I think I have an
obligation to do well by people and add
as much value as possible to everything
sure and that comes from a feeling that
I'm just too damn lucky with what I have
mm-hmm but I've just been I've been
given too much I'm an incredible
position I I feel like I owe it back and
and I would say that you have a similar
impetus it's just manifested differently
through your values mm-hmm I know I
don't think so at all I don't I don't
think anybody has any obligation to give
anything back I guess but well you you
feel like you have an obligation to your
platform to do good by these people to
some extent um I don't know if I would
say an obligation to do good so much as
like avoid harm again I don't know if
those things are binary like Frank looks
like I would say like you have an
obligation not to like run over somebody
on the street but if you see somebody's
falling over I don't know gonna have an
obligation to get up and help them um I
don't know me maybe what's what's
Freeman in terms of responsibility so do
you feel like you have any
responsibility to your community um so
like if a person if a person subscribes
to you and relies on your input and like
highly values you do you have any
responsibility to steer that person in
what you view is the correct direction I
think it depends on how I'm conducting
myself I think you believe your
individual actions and words are more
important than any directive so like for
this example of articulating it depends
on how I conduct myself so let's say
that I have let's say that I have a
stream every let's say that I have a
stream every day where at the end of the
day we talk about mental health and
things that we can do to improve our
mental health and what to do if you're
having mental health problems etc etc
and then let's say that I get like an
email from like a suicidal of your any
emails me he's like hey Destin you
mentioned this concept blah blah blah
like what do you think I should do and I
email them back and I say like [ __ ] off
kill yourself like I really don't give a
[ __ ] what's wrong with you I would argue
like in that sense like well I'm kind of
like positioning myself as someone
who is advocating for mental health and
I'm kind of positioning myself as
whether I wanted to be or not an
authority figure on it since I run a
stream and that's what I'm doing so for
me to respond to that email and kind
like that isn't that's not good that
does that seems like a [ __ ] of like
what I'm doing but like with the way
that I market myself now I don't market
myself as like I can give you life
advice or anything like that so if
somebody emails me like hey like what
should I do for my future career or hey
what'd you do like I usually smoke like
hey like I'm not really the appropriate
person to ask for this like you should
seek guidance from either a therapist or
a counselor or something else like this
is my job yeah yeah I feel like all
right are you like framing the way that
okay so do you think you do a lot of
good your community kind of really okay
you okay here do you want to you want to
run through these things real quick okay
sorry okay there's there is okay this is
why this conversation is really
difficult for me now I have to be
careful cuz things get clipped and then
people will misunderstand me there are
three levels of ethics that we can talk
about we can talk about applied ethics
right you know should we kill or not
kill this person we can talk about
normative ethics right how should we
apply what we believe is good or bad and
then you have something called meta
ethics and meta ethics is the
investigation of like what is it what is
goodness what does that even mean to be
virtuous okay I don't believe that meta
ethics exists I don't think that any of
that is real I think that all of meta
ethics is imagined I don't think there's
anything as good or bad I don't believe
in any of that right so when you ask me
questions of like do you think you have
an obligation obligations hint towards
like this is virtuous therefore we ought
to be obligated to do it right that's so
that's why it's hard for an answer those
questions so backing up all the weight
running through all of that and ditching
all of ethics and going out of that
completely right I would describe myself
the position that I would describe
myself as having is something called
descriptive egoism so I would say that I
have a set of preferences that I like to
be fulfilled
right there are certain things that I
enjoy I like eating I like having a roof
over my head I like being around people
that are happy and healthy I like
hanging with my friends these are things
that I enjoy doing as a result of that
I'm now I'm going from descriptive
egoism so that's a good description kind
of over to something called ethical
egoism I'm saying that well I ought to I
ought to satisfy my preferences what are
the things that make me the most happy
and the things that make me the most
happy
usually involve me being in the best
society I want to be in the best country
with the happiest and healthiest people
who are the most productive and
efficient they can be because that's
like the best place to be in right
nobody wants to go to a room where
they're the only wealthy person there
and everybody else is starving and
screaming and dying right you generally
want everybody around you to be happy
and healthy so that's yeah if I had a
meta ethical framework that would be the
one that I'm operating out of I want to
make my life the best that it can be and
the way that I typically do that is
through some form of kind of altruism
but not really right I want everybody
else to be doing as well as they can be
because those the best people to be
around so stepping from there so if I
had a meta ethical position that would
be it
so we move from ethics into normative
ethics what's the framework how do we
apply that concept of goodness how do we
broadly apply that and the structure
that I use there is called
utilitarianism so utilitarianism is a
form of consequentialism where what we
do is we try to maximize the utility of
everybody around us now that has a whole
bunch of stupid [ __ ] pitfalls and we
kind of ignore that by being what we
call a rule utilitarian so a rule
utilitarian says what are the broad
rules that we could craft for society
that if everybody were following these
rules it would kind of make us the best
we could be and that is like the that's
like from start to finish that's like
the theory to applied framework that
from theory to framework to like our
applied positions that I get into so if
you ask me a question like destiny how
should you conduct yourself on your
platform right well my question is like
okay well what is a way that like
everybody kind of should conduct
themselves on a platform that would
maximize the amount of goodness in
society because that maximizes my
goodness right I think that public
figures have some obligation when they
speak on a platform because if I get on
this platform and I start making Nazi
jokes all day long some number of my
viewers are going to turn into [ __ ]
Nazis and I would consider that to be a
bad thing because it [ __ ] my society up
that I live in so I try to avoid doing
stuff like that
okay sorry did that did that make sense
for start to finish yeah it makes
perfect sense to me it kind of can it
just doesn't it arrive at the same
conclusion as me but just in a different
way because mning that train of logic
mm-hmm
you have a set of preferences that you
prefer to have um you by extension you
prefer to have a society and people
around you that are happy healthy and
I'm improved
and and and then following that think
that public figures that have control
over the the motion of that society
have some obligation to the platform to
broadcast a message that to that end
sure end result is you have a your
you're actively trying to improve your
community to be better happier healthier
by yes yeah cool so like you literally
arrived the same place just different
kind of yeah it's just important is like
a mutual obligation sure yeah but your
yeah because some of the other
obligations like so so I I use a form of
consequentialism so I don't believe in
good or bad right but somebody that
believes in like like a dant illogical
Flint framework something like con would
say well we have these imperatives that
exist that everybody should follow them
because if everybody follows them in
every circumstance it is like in and of
itself like your virtue to do this thing
and I don't believe like in virtue or
goodness or any of that silly [ __ ]
okay I just am trying to maximize like
this is a scenario that I live in for
myself and then think of the best way
that everybody else could all right so
that like it seems similar and and on
the applied level it probably comes out
to be highly similar but on an on a more
abstract level it's very different and
sometimes that will lead you down
different roads for different questions
I just want to be clear on that
sorry [ __ ] okay yeah so what I'm just
like when you say words like obligation
those an obligation means very different
things to very different people
yeah okay yeah but I think like you said
on an applied level what comes out ROI
some more for yes for sure yeah so
that's great it's like at the end of the
day practically you're you're you you
are activating your community in a way
that makes them healthier happier and
better for sure yeah that's awesome yeah
so whether you think it's like magical
ghosts that at least in my thinking
right what do you think it's like ghosts
that are fifth dimensional beings that
are coming through your bedroom window
and telling you that you ought to do
this you know which is not quite the
level of insanity that I'm at but but I
I think I have I guess like I guess I
just like have a self-imposed obligation
because of orangy right yeah like but
yeah
but whether it's that or an applied
logical system the end result is that
you're actively better in your community
and you're not not doing that
so that's that's what I like that's what
I think is neat so what I originally
like when we originally need started
this encounter and I said do you think
you have an obligation to your community
to get better or or to make them better
mm-hmm answer was no cuz that's right
right that answer is that answer is true
yeah but at the end of the day you are
doing that in an applied way you're just
coming at it from a different framework
yes pretty much yeah correct that's
awesome yeah yeah that makes me really
happy because when we talked about this
before mm-hmm the initial talk on it
required a lot of thought because I I at
the time I I don't think that your
direction was the same um I think it's
been pretty consistent over the past two
or three or four years I think I've
gotten a bigger vocabulary to describe
it more concisely but like for the most
part like I think I've been more or less
on this train of thought for for quite a
while but I might've been responding to
a particular question like the problem
is that like there are so many words
that we use that can mean so many
different things but it's all the same
word which is weird cuz English has like
I think some of the most words of most
languages anyways but like it yeah yeah
it just it really depends on like yeah
[ __ ] it's it's I'm sorry that the reason
why I explain everything like so
thoroughly is because it's so hard not
to mix up words like I said like
obligations mean totally different
things we're even the word like should
write like should you sit in a chair if
you're tired
I mean sure that seems to satisfy that
that condition should you you know not
murder someone if they piss you off well
maybe but like these two the boy using
the word should they're both times right
but that that word should seems to mean
something very different and in the
second case than it does in the first
case right where should in the first
case is like well we have some physical
condition in order to satisfy that you
know physical condition we need to do
this thing so that makes sense sure but
in the second case like should you
do something ought you do something or
not do something well it seems like
we're talking about like a different
type of shoot or a different type of art
there that seems to be a different thing
even though we use the same word so yeah
so these conversations get like really
[ __ ] tricky sometimes saying yeah I
see is it important for you to define
like your whole logical framework just
so that there's no like questions about
it or like what's because I feel like
most people don't do that kind of
homework they'll just I definitely
haven't right like I guess I've never
really broken down why I have such an
obsession with like adding value to
people yeah even though it's like such a
huge part of my life right and you seem
to have done a lot of thinking about
some of it I guess this is a huge part
of your life too
yeah it's like when I was like 17 and I
started to lose my religion it's a very
scary feeling to have like the world
pulled out from underneath you where
it's like [ __ ] I don't know why the [ __ ]
anything is anything anymore because
like to go through religious to a
religious is like [ __ ] what the [ __ ] I
have no like why do I exist what the
[ __ ] is the purpose of my life like what
does it mean to be good why should I
want yeah what is the point of anything
like why should I just [ __ ] kill
myself like it's really hard to
understand anything right so I guess
like once I started to think about like
okay well what kind of foundation do I
want to lay out of my life I wanted to
like develop like a system of thought
like okay how can I arrive at any
particular like position like should
health care be socialized should we be
involved in the Middle East like what
should our trade policy's be how should
I act to people around me it feels
easier well it is easier if you have
kind of your your core principles kind
of established I like a very high level
then everything else kind of flows
naturally and we've even had these
conversations before we're like when
you're making like a business decision
for like yourself personally that if you
have like your kind of core positions
figure it out it's super super super
easy you know to figure out like oh well
what should this answer be and and I
feel like when you do when you have like
when you've more consistently developed
this stuff inside of you things that
take people a long time to answer are
really quick and really [ __ ] easy you
know like it's so like for instance when
we talk about some like marrying Melina
right so yeah I personally I don't care
about marriage at all I don't give a
[ __ ] about it I've no
I have somebody that I really enjoy
spending time with and the only way that
I can continue to enjoy spending time
with her is if I marry her there's no
other way to get around that right oh
well other than having a kid which I
don't want to do right so the decision
to do it is actually pretty easy you
know maybe for some people it's really
complicated but like if I want to keep
milena here the only way to do it is
through marriage I have to marry her
which is fine I guess
I'm really interested in just a slight
change to that scenario sure let's say
it was exactly the same situation but it
wasn't a legal precedent that would keep
you away it was a ethical one on her
part so she she was like marriage is a
very strong value of mine and to
continue this relationship like we have
to do it where would you be at with that
I have like a set of core principles
that I believe in in regards to
relationships and that would be a
deal-breaker that would just like oh
right much the same way that if
somebody's like hey like I don't believe
in sex before marriage I don't want to
live with you before we get married or I
don't believe in oral sex whatever this
would be like okay yeah well these are
or like I don't clean myself like I
don't take showers more than once a week
like there are a couple things yeah okay
well this is deal breaker like we're
them were done right yeah
okay so --mess that that came up because
in the context of this it was just
either I can't stay with you
I must this happen yeah yeah but it's
like I know what I want there it's not
confusing I don't have to think like oh
no like doing water-skier know like I
know what I want there and then I know
the path to do it and then it's just a
matter of like navigating that path like
I owe you you may not be with milena
forever yeah that's like that's not your
current that's like that's not your
current and I don't mean to like get
like super personal on stream or
whatever I'm just just like really
curious here and thought here but like
that's possible and you're willing to
deal because like I don't really know
the implications of it but being
divorced changes your status yeah well I
mean one I'm an American of some degree
I mean I'm already divorced unwanted
because I yeah so I mean like yeah there
are things that there are contingencies
you have to take into account if she
turns into like a money-grubbing piece
of [ __ ] and tries to [ __ ] me right like
a post-nuptial agreement helps with that
after you get married
you're supposed to be married for two
years for her residency status to remain
as is which is something she has to
consider whatever for that so yeah I
mean like there are things you have to
keep keep in mind that are all
contingent on what you originally want
but then like as long as you know what
you originally want it's just a matter
of like well is this worth
you know this thing you know and those
are pretty easy things to wait for me
like is it worth like you know an hour
meeting with a lawyer to get like a
post-nuptial agreement that we both sign
to have her here like yeah let's really
ease what I'm - think hard about that
yeah yeah so you're saying that a
decision that seems hard from the
outside mm-hmm was easier because you
predefined certain values that you I
guess almost like a playlist yeah pretty
much I think like we talked we probably
had like two or three conversations if
that like about this like it wasn't like
that hard of a decision I mean like
there's a lot of like paperwork and
[ __ ] that I have to go through which
is the most annoying part but yeah
wasn't like yeah I think that if you
find in in my opinion if you find that
you're having these moments in your life
when you have to radically like sit down
like what do I feel about this what do I
feel about this what do I want to do
here what I want to do here it what's
probably happening is you don't have
your foundation figured out and so what
happens is is it every time you're
trying to figure out your next step
forward you're going back and you're
unknowingly trying to re-establish your
foundation and then you're moving for it
and you're doing that every single time
rather than like having a single focus
where it's like okay this is what I want
this is how I'm going to achieve it and
then anything I do has to comport with
that and if it doesn't then I'm not
gonna do it I think that's why I wanna
go blind what we're good um well that's
like your foundation is like unique to
any individual like your foundation for
instance might be I want to have a
family by the time I'm 28
by the time I'm 28 years old I would
have like one or two kids so like in
that sense you know like is you're you
know do you need to save up for a house
if so then you know you need to work if
so then you know you need to avoid
spending money on stupid [ __ ] you need
to avoid moving and you do avoid risky
investments you need to avoid right like
as long as you like how these like
really quick things like rock-solid
figured out like once you have that
direction then all of your energy can go
into figuring that out and it becomes
easier to avoid distractions because if
some dumb [ __ ] comes up like oh hey a
job opportunity came up we can make 20%
more money in another state and I was
like okay well my goal was I have a wife
and family here that I want to stay with
blah blah blah I don't have to think
about it I don't care it's not worth it
you know yeah like yeah something like
that
did you ever write these down or just
built a mental model for those um I
think about it so much I don't I
probably maybe should write it out and
down at some point but like I've spent
much time I mean I think it shows that
like I like I've spent so much time
thinking about these really cool things
that usually like I can evaluate things
on the fly like coming for my first
pencil and even just being aware of them
you know helps to like the fact that you
can even be aware of it means that you
know they exist so you know they have to
be figured out so you're not rethinking
about them re-evaluating them every
single time you have to make a decision
practically could you like separate
these into like five to ten questions or
bullet points or something like would
there be would there be an easy way to
like distill this down to a way that
someone else could follow your system if
you would have asked me this three or
four years ago I would have said yes I
don't know no because there are so many
parts of my life that I've kind of like
stepped back to kind of re-evaluate
where I don't know if it's actually like
good or healthy so for instance like my
you know like my personality type in
terms of dealing with like online hate
like my definitions of self esteem I
don't know if those are realistic I'm so
like for instance like the way that I
used to define self esteem was self
esteem means that you should feel good
about an idea if every other person in
the world is calling you a [ __ ]
as long as you know that you're doing
what you want to do and you forget about
it that that was like that that's
something that I strongly believed in
and internally I believe in it for
myself but I don't know if that's
realistic if every single person
functions like that like some people
might be like fundamentally different at
some other level that like changes that
so I would have a really hard time I'm
sure that I could probably generalize
like some pieces of advice I mean like
one thing that I would say to people is
like you should generally have like a
short term a medium term and a long term
plan because that kind of like will
guide your decisions and you should
always always always always always
figure out like what is it that makes
you happy and how can you maximize that
that that's something that's really
important most people it feels like it
feels like most people get like the
things that should make them happy from
external sources which is really [ __ ]
cancerous so that's where things like
consumerism come from right well what
should make me yeah having like a really
fast cool car that's really expensive
you know having the best the newest
latest phone having the best pair of
shoes having the best fashion is having
the best whatever like when you get it
from the outside I mean like the people
that are feeding that to you their goal
is to sell you as much [ __ ] as possible
so you're ready running on that rat race
forever yeah yeah whereas like if you
figure out like if you figure out like
okay well my goal is to
I want to have a family by the time I'm
30 years old I want to have a wife and I
wanna have two kids and that's it that's
my long-term goal right your short-term
goal is probably gonna be like you know
like we'll meet a girl and make sure
that you're financially stable your
medium term goal might be associated
with your career maybe you're maybe in
the short term maybe you're going to
school right so that you can get a job
but everything you're doing it's like
math is like learning math it should
always be building towards something
else right in the short term if you're
going to college
it's not because you need to go to
school because that's what you do you're
going to college because in college
maybe you can meet a girl where
somewhere else you can meet a girl and
you want to use college to get a job and
you want to use that job to build your
career so that you can build your career
so that by the time you 28 you have
enough money to support the family and
that kind of lifestyle right like
everything should always be building in
a flowchart towards like something that
you want some end goal that you have in
mind so you always have a forward
momentum so that if anything ever pops
up and should never be like a bit like
oh [ __ ] like you know hey here's an
opportunity to go [ __ ] shoot guns and
Iraq like the only this like oh [ __ ] I
don't know do I got a really minutes
well hold on think about it what do you
really want you know like I really want
to have a family by the time with 28
well then no [ __ ] that's not that
that's not yeah just no it's not
conducive with my goal yeah exactly yeah
yeah in the same length at some point
you're boiling down these overarching
kind of broad goals to like a really
subjective feeling inside of you which
is like does this or does this not make
me happy right for sure so it's um so
ultimately your confirmation is just
based on like a sort of gut instinct
that's kind of like okay being with mmm
so so like what do you would say do you
have like a medium and long-term goal
for your stream um no not generally
actually I'm like well I kind of like
medium and long-term my long long-term
everything is like so variable in the
streaming stuff so it like it changes a
lot but like right now my long-term is
it would be really cool if I had enough
money to be like retired like financial
offended it would be awesome if I could
do it by 35 don't know if that's
realistic by 40 that should be fairly
realistic for me like I should have like
some number of millions of dollars by
the time I'm 40 I also [ __ ] up really
hard so that's kind of like my longest
term and obviously 10 years is long term
and then like as a plan
yeah kind of yeah but but then in the
medium term like I really enjoyed doing
what I'm doing for the sake of what I'm
doing I love streaming I like it even if
I was a like a trillionaire today I
would still stream
I love streaming there's so much fun for
me so like I do this and I make sure
that while I'm doing this like the thing
that I enjoy about it isn't that I make
money doing it that's nice
but it's more so that I have the
financial security to do it and then I
enjoy doing it when I say I enjoy doing
I mean like I play the games I want to
play I talk about the things I want to
talk and that's what I always do like at
the beginning every single day and I do
that because I think that that'll
provide me like the most long-term
happiness this confuses a lot of people
you can even find post my separate no
people all like a sub numbers here down
because he's playing league or always
politics because you don't know viewers
but though that's those are outside
people telling me what I should value
outside people are saying hey you should
value viewer numbers you should value
subscription numbers it's like no no no
no I don't care about that that's okay
as long as I'm making enough money to
survive and do like decently I'm gonna
do what I want to do because that's what
makes me more happy not like chasing
other people's goals like those are
other people's goals I don't care about
like my viewer numbers necessarily well
my subscription number isn't necessarily
yeah do you feel like you're specific
you're specially unable to do this
because you are able to self-sustain at
a decent level even if you're just
literally playing league Oh like what
what my question would be a good
corollary to this would be if you were
actually really suffering in your
numbers like you went down like 500
concurrent splain leak would you change
it if you really enjoyed it yeah I would
have oh yeah I would definitely I would
have to start making concessions at some
point if I got down to a number so if I
got down to where it wasn't financially
suitable anymore and what I have to say
is I have to like okay well what makes
me happy so streaming makes me really
happy but I'm gonna have to do things
that I don't enjoy doing while streaming
so now I have to figure like okay well
is there some other job that I could do
that would provide me sustainability
that would also allow me to pursue
things that I'm interested in as much as
streaming if I that would give me as
much happiness to streaming right that
would be the avenues that I would look
at next like there are probably a couple
of horizontal positions that I could
move into that would probably like pay
my bills but I don't think I would have
the same type of freedom or flexibility
that I have right now with the type of
work that I do so it would be a pretty
easy decision like okay well I'm gonna
make a few concessions I'm gonna do a
couple other things because it enables
me to live like a happier
fruitful life in ways that make me happy
at the end of the year yeah you wouldn't
just stop streaming like you back
because you still enjoy it yeah but you
have to make it even have to make
concessions to be more successful yeah
for sure yeah and I think that you can
play I think that that kind of balancing
act is probably normal in society you
know where you work a job and then
because you work that job you have
enough money to save up for a hobby and
then you invest money about hobby and
you do that on the side and that's like
what brings you like reel and drum in
your life yeah yeah so I'm like in my
case where I I do enjoy doing like like
topical content mm-hmm which is
definitely like what people watch me for
it's more a gnat nowadays right and it
does carve me out uniquely but I also
like to like potato and play games but
I'm not in a situation where I can and
let's leave like everything else I'd do
out of it right I still have to make a
value judgment on my time based on
streaming I'm not in a place where that
will support me so the the choices are
either to make concessions to trade up
to that value and then maybe someday end
up at the place where I'm actually able
to do that or or I guess I'm not sure
where else to do that make sense yeah I
mean you kind of like you leave the
thing that you want to do and then you
figure out the way to maximize at that
time right so like if you have to make a
few concessions streaming in order to
get a in order to get the prerequisite
viewer base to have enough people to
kind of potato out then I mean that's
kind of what you have to do right that
seems to be the most effective path
forward well I guess I'm trying to and
your framework is that the same course
of action you would do would you would
you would you make enough concessions
that you attain a certain level of
success that you can do what you want to
do if that's the case yeah if I had to
the alternative is like going back to
like conventional work I think so
because the acting conventional work
would be as much fun I think my overall
level of enjoyment would still be like
making some concessions in regards to
streaming rather than like dumping the
streaming altogether to Tim Rice um yeah
congressional work in but your but in
this case your political talks and your
political commentaries are not
concessions you actually really enjoyed
doing that and you any you you don't
really have like a Content schedule
right you just sort of do that stuff
when it's interesting to you kind of
yeah I try to maintain some level
scheduled because it's good for viewers
like I've actually been wrong I know
like I'm like but but no I mean like
like um you won't mmm
if you don't have any political topics
to like let's say it wasn't the debates
tomorrow or just today right like there
just doesn't have to be anything
interesting going on politically you're
not gonna go to like reuters and fish
around for something to talk about no no
no so like I think like Hassan Francis
does like react streams where he goes
around yeah it looks pretty yeah I would
never do something that if I wasn't in
the mood to do it yeah not generally no
I'm trying a thing now because people
really like it when I do political stuff
when I'm trying to read like a couple
articles every day across some
subreddits to see how I feel about that
because that might be a way to expand my
political content in a way that still
like makes me happy and enjoyable it
makes me more informed on topics yeah
mm-hmm so by the same vein I could read
like a couple of news sites or something
about using commentate on that for a bit
yeah so like I so I made a new reddit
account called news destiny and I
subscribe to a bunch of subreddit to
hopefully have like good news content
and then at the beginning of every
stream for like an hour to I'm trying to
like read through some of the top
stories there and then this like smart
yeah it makes me more informed it gives
people the opportunity to look at some
political content and then if I open my
stream with that and I build a vehicle
based or net and then I switch over to
other stuff and I kind of carry a lot of
those beers throughout the day it's
probably that's a huge brain I totally
understand yeah that makes perfect sense
to me yeah it's really good yeah and
then you start and then yeah and then
those people tend to idle out and then
you even retain that leadership
throughout those hard day yeah yeah
that's crazy so so back to the so just
like roping it back to the happiness
thing real quick mm-hmm
you have your foundation figured out
like you said yeah so so by virtue of
that when somebody you only I'm just
trying to understand the framework by
restating it the the only way that your
I guess egos a weird word but like the
only way you're actually like wounded is
if someone comes in with something that
is accusatory towards your your
framework
claims that like your foundation you're
not operating to your foundations
yeah I mean I don't know how an external
absence so everything that's possible I
guess but well they should be able to
because okay so so um there are so
what's looks like one down a little more
there are there are people that you take
seriously on my credit that put his
comments about you or youtuber or
whatever right no really nobody no I
don't so she's like somebody posts like
what you said before that you read
comments and you said if somebody makes
a good enough case I think the example
you used was that you you tend to debate
in a certain way
yeah I'm sorry well I guess we should
defined but what you say seriously like
I read comments and if I see like half
of the same type of feedback or if I see
like a really well structured comma it's
something that I'll consider yeah for
sure but you'll never take it and you'll
never take an individual comments like
personally I mean like I'll evaluate the
comment to the best of my abilities and
then I'll see if it like if it's a good
comment that makes something I need to
address if it like brings of saying that
I really should change yeah but there's
no a personal identification in that
process like for the person for you um
what do you mean by there's no what I
mean by personal identification is like
the feeling of [ __ ] that is an issue
that I have I suck because I have that
issue um my personally identify taking
ownership of that thing and and feeling
worse about yourself because it exists
I'd say I feel worse about myself I'm
usually like pretty self-aware of
problems that I have or things that I do
that are bad it's pretty rare that like
somebody points out something where I'm
like oh [ __ ] I had no [ __ ] idea that
that thing happened I'm kind of think
like but you also must have ongoing
problems that you don't improve
immediately um I'll give you one like
you want to be more physically fit in
general right sure probably yeah but but
like it's an ongoing process to try to
do that you didn't you can't just fix it
tomorrow yeah for sure
yeah so so what's say that somebody
brings up an issue and you begin to try
to fix it that issue continuously comes
up over the next
three months or whatever yeah I mean
like that kind of that goes back to the
thing I said before it's like I know
what I want to be I know where I want to
be and I know what I'm doing now and
then like that's kind of it so like I
like if like if a million people like
really become our suggestion you should
start lifting it's like I mean okay cool
like I mean I don't need to hear that
from like an outside source like I
already have that internalized like I
understand what I need to do there and I
know what I need to do a phone and move
in that direction but it's not something
that I guess like it's not gonna like
bother me like if people say it like I
mean yeah I'm still missing there's like
there's like a transaction going on in
the space between where you've
identified your foundations you take in
the negativity and like somewhere in
that space you're able to shrug off like
the because a lot of people have I guess
I'll use myself as an example right that
I didn't necessarily start this in that
context but it's like I get this the
only way I really know how to go from
here I have like impostor syndrome right
so I constantly feel like despite the
fact that I'm as executive and I sold
companies and I've done so I know I know
that my accomplishments are are
considered high level by society I don't
ever feel like I'm doing a good job so I
gif I'm on a podcast I constantly feel
like I was the one that like didn't add
value to the podcast like everybody else
was like normal and like in their state
of mind and did well and that I should
have improved it then I go back and I
say okay how can I possibly improve that
and that is the impetus for my
self-improvement
do you have like something where it's
like this is how I measure what I
consider like a good job or something to
be or I guess not and in those so in
those specific no I don't know yeah
because I feel like if you don't have
like specific goals or guidelines that
that yeah you're always going to you're
always going to feel that way yeah it's
super fair mm-hmm
that's actually a really good point yeah
hmm yeah one thing that's like really
I'm sure it because you've read of
[ __ ] trillions self-help books one
thing that's like really really really
important everybody that studied in art
should know this everybody that's played
a sport or studied any type of physical
things should know this the most
important
part of solving a problem is identifying
a problem and then once you've
identified the problem you have to be
able to take like a measurable approach
towards fixing it that you can hold
yourself accountable to so yeah so like
sometimes like I'm so one of the things
I'm really really bad at you've brought
this up to me everybody's brought this
with me I spend a lot of time on my
phone
oh [ __ ] ton of time on my phone so like
sometimes when I go out with them like
especially like if I go out with Melina
like there are times where like okay
like today like I'm gonna try really
hard to not look at my phone at all I'm
gonna try to cleave in my pocket whole
time unless who's like a specific
question asked about it I'm just not
gonna look at my phone for anything
right so that's like a measurable things
like I've identified like a problem I
spent probably too much time on my phone
when I'm around other people and then I
probably want to spend less time on my
phone right so we've got the problem and
then we've got like the goal and so like
the the measurable approach along the
way is like okay well during this like
encounter I'm going to keep my phone in
my pocket the entire time we're doing
this I'm not gonna look at my phone at
all and like those are like little like
measurable ways I guess that you can
kind of like work towards solving a
problem right but you'll never be in a
situation where you sit down late at
night stare at a wall and go I'm a
terrible person because I stare at my
phone all day well no I think like
that's kind of like that's the goal of
like what I said earlier where it's like
you have to know who you are you have to
know where you want to be and then you
have to know that you're working towards
it so like if I know that Who I am is
like somebody looks at their phone too
much and then I know that who I want to
be is something that doesn't maybe look
at their phone too much then what I that
middle part is that if I'm working
towards that I have to make sure that
I'm like am i doing things like did I
have a goal today where I went out and I
didn't look at my phone and like if I
did have that goal like did I meet that
goal yes okay cool then I know that I'm
working towards what I want to be like
that's good or did I not meet that goal
okay well [ __ ] well we'll try again
tomorrow I know where I'm going and know
what I want to do and I know what I have
to do it's just a matter of me doing it
every day like yeah I don't know if like
it doesn't this doesn't work though what
I'm saying doesn't work I guess if you
feel [ __ ] for it I don't know how to
help that feeling I guess I don't have
that feeling that's so that's like maybe
what I'm saying is like pilots doing I
feel like you just have a way of dealing
with it that I'm not figuring out yet
that's the that's the like gap that I'm
trying to close right now mm-hmm
there's there's something going on with
your thought process that allows you to
shrug off
because like if so like people being
public figures people will keep throwing
stuff at you until they try to find
something that sticks and for most
people don't find something
yeah like most people they'll get
something right like though they'll keep
trying until they they trigger you right
there's the sort of quote and then it's
hard because you can never talk about
that publicly because as soon as
somebody's figured out like what
triggers you there that's what they'll
lay into the most yeah yeah I had asked
you a question once about a serious
point in my life and I asked you should
I take this public right and your answer
actually to this day I never did because
the answer that you gave me was so on
point which was basically if if you do
take that public prepare for on your
worst days yeah for that for that to
come up huh
white like every time is like okay [ __ ]
I can't deal with that yeah we do a
thing as humans were like we're really
bad about understanding kind of like
different mood states or understanding
like how we deal with things and like
and like different like frames of mind
or in different situations like we
always imagined like oh well I could
deal with this problem no problem
it's like okay well that's because
you're sitting down and you're
dedicating 100 of your resources right
now thinking about it but like it's not
always like that you know I there was
this thing where like um I don't know
this is exactly related but I remember
like for instance when I was really poor
it seemed like things were always going
wrong
I was either getting a dumb [ __ ]
ticket for like running a red light at
4:00 a.m. that dumb [ __ ] highway was
that where that light would be right for
10 [ __ ] minutes and the Sarpy County
cops are waiting in the ditch like
Batman to catch you so it'd be some dumb
[ __ ] like that
it'd be like busting a wheel on a
[ __ ] pothole it'd be like my [ __ ]
alternator my car is dying and I
couldn't roll my car the rest of the
[ __ ] way home because there was too
much of it like some dumb [ __ ] and every
time something would go wrong it would
ruin my [ __ ] life like I'm back like
a week or two or three and like
everything is like pressed up against
the wall on everything yeah because when
your car gets impounded every single day
there's a new [ __ ] fee seventy-five
dollars is a lot of [ __ ] money when
you're earning you know five twenty-five
an hour at work like seven that $75
that's not a whole day's of work yeah
like that's literally like my Thursday
and Friday I just got kicked in the ass
like just paying for that extra day on
the impound lot like everything is so
hard and I kind of wondered like [ __ ]
like how was
how do you normal people get through
life like I feel like I'm the only one
that has all of these problems but then
when you get more wealthy what you
realize is like oh wait everybody has
these problems it's just the difference
is that like when you're in a better
place to deal with them it doesn't
[ __ ] matter like if I Drive and I pop
a wheel now or we're not right if I if I
break a wheel now we're if I like get a
speeding to get it to whatever I can
absorb the cost it's fine like I'm yeah
we don't even think about it yeah but
like on your warrant we're going terms
of time like you think it's like like
it's it's am i right or not like that's
at least how I think of things a lot is
like okay like what is the time
investment for this yeah yeah yeah I was
like what on your it's hard to envision
how you'll deal with things on your
worst days and we always think about how
we'll do it we'll deal with things on
our best days but that's just not how
life works right like it doesn't come at
you and in the nicest way sometimes and
sometimes you know [ __ ] gets piled on
and in dealing with that can be really
[ __ ] hard and yeah that's what I say
about like the streaming stuff is like
everybody always thinks like okay well
like who cares if a bunch of random
[ __ ] people on the internet you know
if I can call me a [ __ ] lever or say
that I'm ugly I don't care what people
my internet think it's like okay well
how would you feel if it was the day
after you got dumped by your boyfriend
and he dumped you because he said you
had small tits and he thinks you're an
ugly piece of [ __ ] now when you log on
to your stream and you're already in a
shitty mood and maybe you've had to
tweet publicly that you've broken up and
now you've got people some people in
chat center I bet he broke up on you
because he's ugly you tiny to [ __ ] well
now how do you feel do you still take
that in strides you still feel fine
about it [ __ ] 99% of like living
breathing people today are going to feel
bothered by that right and on your on
your worst days when you're streaming
you still have to like work you can't
have like a shitty day streaming because
it [ __ ] everything else up it's not
like a job where you clock in and you
can just like grin and bear it for you
know a day or two like you have to be
like 100% like everyday when you stream
or else it's gonna show it's gonna get
[ __ ] you know but yeah yeah dealing
with things on your worst day is always
something you have to keep in mind that
a lot of this is literally the meat of
what I was getting at in the beginning
which I don't know how to solve so so
what you just identified which is that
broadcasters have to deal with this like
torrential [ __ ] even on normal days if
you're popular enough right now you're
gonna get a huge amount of that I have
I'm in a position now where I run dozens
and the influencers mmm-hmm yeah this is
a problem I can't
and actually [ __ ]
it's a problem for me it's like it's a
it's something I'm also struggling with
in the context of the the amount of more
people have found me recently than ever
before hmm
the a combination of eSports and stuff
taking off and just I don't know like
we're just the whole it does matter but
like that negativity ramped up to a huge
degree but I also have several
influencers who are dealing with
literally depression because they are
encountering this issue and the only
shear advice just seems to be well nut
up [ __ ] like it's gonna be tough
out there I guess like I don't like this
any better framework like like I don't
hate to keep going back to like the
self-esteem [ __ ] but I guess like I I
don't know it's like it's like rowing or
boat through like a like a [ __ ] river
and like every little like doubt that
you have about yourself is like it's
like a little hole in the boat and
you're gonna be taking on water as you
move across or like if I want to move
across a river I know who I am
I know who I am and I know who I want to
be I like myself I like Who I am and I
know what I need to do to change myself
I know these things I don't need
somebody outside to tell me that like
I'm kind of fat or I'm weak or you know
I have a list whatever I know these
things about yourself nothing that
anyone else says is gonna change that
okay so I can focus on my [ __ ] I also
know the things that I do really well I
know that people find me funny I know
that I'm like you know my hair looks
okay I like I know the things that I
excel at I know the things that I'm good
at and that's it I have a good view of
myself I know my strengths I know my
weaknesses I know what I'm good at
I know what I'm [ __ ] at and so like when
I have to like you know row my boat
across the river like that's it you know
my my hole is nice and secure and I roll
myself across and I don't give a [ __ ]
about anything else I don't have to deal
with anything else it might be like a
difficult journey or might be a
difficult row but any problems that I
face like the only person that I have to
go through to get through those problems
as myself like that's it I'm like
everything else is like whatever but if
you have like if you if you have
self-esteem problems or other people
impact you it would be like it would be
like sailing that same boat with like a
ton of holes in it and like not only are
you not only do you have the normal
problems of everyday life where you know
you have to worry about your bank
account your thread about your
relationships you have to worry about
your job LA now you have like all of
this water that you're taking on all
these other people saying [ __ ] about you
and you and you're trying to like move
that out of your boat at the same time
and all these other people are like
bringing you down
and you don't feel 100% confident about
yourself and you don't know if maybe
that guys that said that [ __ ] about how
like I am a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] maybe
he's kind of right and I don't really
belong here and like while you're
constantly second-guessing yourself like
that because of what other people are
saying because you don't have that
confidence in yourself because you don't
really love yourself because you don't
fully accept yourself you you you're
never gonna make it or maybe you can but
it's gonna be so much more [ __ ]
difficult than the guy that's like
listen man I know my strengths I know my
weaknesses I'm just gonna do my [ __ ] I
think right yeah but you also
acknowledge that you literally just said
that 99% of people get Manifesta yeah I
don't I don't know what the secret is I
always said since this is another thing
I census I was really really young I
think that like having high self-esteem
I think is literally the most important
quality that a person can have I think
that every other thing in your life I
think that your view of yourself and
your ability to love yourself everything
you do will stem from that every nothing
escapes that that is the foundation on
which every part of your being is built
and if that foundation is [ __ ]
everything that stems from it will
necessarily be [ __ ] thereafter I don't
know how to tell people to love
themselves like I don't and I don't even
know if the way that I do it is
necessarily self-love it might be like
an unhealthy form of detachment or
narcissism right like I grew up like
pretty neglected by everybody around me
my parents were gone by the time I was
16 I didn't really have a close
relationship with before them maybe the
only reason I am the way I am it's
because I don't give a [ __ ] about other
people because I missed that part you
know growing up I missed that part of my
childhood I guess and maybe for most
people may be getting that affirmation
from other people maybe they feel good
in ways that I can't even imagine maybe
I'm missing something there that's why I
said like over the past like couple
years I kind of thought like maybe it's
not good that I tell everybody that they
should do this thing because maybe it's
not realistic or maybe I'm missing
something at some piece of humanity or
whatever that I just don't have I guess
like like other people do or whatever
but I'm not sure but but like yeah I
don't know like that's the thing like I
think it's really sad man I think I have
because the people that I [ __ ] deal
with and everything so much are like
other streamers and popular figures now
I can't use names but like I have met so
many amazing people that are amazingly
talented that are beautiful and funny
and awesome and they are just wrought
with these crippling insecurities and it
is the saddest thing it is so [ __ ]
sad to me to see somebody who
is a beautiful person that is well that
you have so much going for you and you
feel so horrible I get this feeling
almost any time I look at like like it
like any 18 19 year old that thinks
their life is thrown away and it's like
oh my god you are so young oh my god
you're 80 you're so young you so much oh
my god even starting from nothing like
wipe my brain and make me 18 again
almost and I almost replaces like you so
much do you have it it's I don't know
how to like tell people like dude you've
got to love yourself
you have to figure your [ __ ] out like it
figure out how to like feel good about
yourself feeling good about so doesn't
you have to say you're perfect like
recognize your faults recognize your
strengths but but love yourself like
you're the only person that's gonna like
love you as much as you could possible
result and then like move forward from
there I don't know how to tell people to
do that I wish I could but yeah so if
any of those streamers I think we both
know like who those people are like yeah
wait here and then real quick um
we'll start businesses when they're 50
60 years old if you're listening to the
show you're like 35 or 40 and you're
like [ __ ] I [ __ ] my whole life up you
still have like so much time ahead of
you you know if you're listening to me
right now and you're like going through
chemo and you're like 75 yeah maybe you
[ __ ] your life up I can't have you
like assuming you like still have like
your health like even there's so many
things that we have that we take for
granted one of the worst crimes I've
said this a million times I'll say it
again one of the worst crimes that we
have as humans is we acclimate so
quickly the best example and I've given
this a million times the best example I
can think of is when you are sick the
only thing you can think of that would
give you the ultimate sense of happiness
it's like being able to breathe through
your nose like there are days if you
ever have like a bad cold or the flu or
you're like if I could just breathe
through my nostrils no that's this is
Michael I've known it before literally
probably before you even 15 I saw this
okay but like you could wake up and just
agree through your nose it is the best
thing in the world and the day after you
get good when you first take those few
breaths through your nose you're not
congested like this is [ __ ] God Tyr
but then like two days later it's just
back to normal and you don't even think
about it so like right now like if you
were like a healthy person so like you
can walk you don't have severe mobility
impairments you can talk your senses
work like your
already like you already have so much
going for you like holy [ __ ] you have so
many good things about you like by
virtue of being like an existing human
like oh yeah there's there's so much you
can do yeah I like to I like to think
this idea of like there's an old joke
that's like you get on there boy okay we
have internet on the airplane right and
it's like oh this is amazing like you
can actually check your email and go to
youtube and stuff on the airplane mm-hmm
and then like 20 minutes later at breaks
and like someone turns to you they're
like this is [ __ ] right like they're
mad about something that they are they
didn't know they had 20 minutes ago
because they had already acclimated to
that state of being oh [ __ ] somebody was
donating alright so I didn't missed the
first part of what you said was it the
Luisi casket is that we were talking
about yeah yeah oh yeah about the it was
about the Wi-Fi on the plane yeah yeah
yeah this is like really weird have you
ever heard of a story called I think the
book is called the greatest miracle in
the world by now Mandy no that I [ __ ] my
mom used to give me these dumb [ __ ]
Christian books to read growing up and I
obviously I read them because I was like
a very good Christian one of these books
was called one of these books was called
I think it was called the greatest
salesman in the world or their the
greatest miracle in the world or
something and the greatest salesman in
the world is a he might have maybe he
wrote the same book I'm not sure but I
remember like in that book there was
there was a part of it where like the
main character was son who's gotta be
some [ __ ] but he got like a memorandum
from God and the memorandum from God was
basically just as like really long thing
like detailing all the amazing parts of
you being human that there are like so
many amazing things you can do just by
virtue of being human
there are like so many cool [ __ ]
things that you're capable of doing and
like everybody has like the capability
of doing those things and like yeah like
it's just it's there for you to take
right
yeah do you have do you have any for
those people that you know that if they
ever sat down with you and said I'm
having a real problem and these are like
huge streamers they're like some of them
we know like you do you don't have any
course of action for them you think if
it comes down
to the a self-esteem problem which I
guess is what it is I mean I don't I I
would only suggest band-aid solutions
like I would say like don't read like
social media I get it getting agent or
somebody to do it for you to get like
valuable feedback yet start ignoring
[ __ ] like that if it bothers you if I
knew how to like fix like fundamentally
like make a person love themselves I
mean I would probably be touring and
like making billions of dollars doing
that I don't know like kind of like
perspective approach it's that dramatic
yeah I mean I think so yeah I mean like
like for instance like one big problem
that almost every influencer has that
I've almost ever met maybe every single
one is at some point you're gonna have a
problem dealing with feedback of people
that are [ __ ] vicious and relentlessly
going on on you it's a really hard thing
to deal with almost every single almost
every single like influencer I've ever
talked to has had like severe problems
with when I say severe I mean like
they've had to take like a week off or
they have like emotional breakdowns like
relating to stuff like this
yeah so yeah and I mean like I don't I
don't know how to fix that or how to
give somebody I wish I did like they
would be [ __ ] amazing it would be
like I think it'd be like the coolest
discovery in the world if somebody could
figure out like how do we make people
you know confident in themselves I don't
know how to do that okay look can I give
you an idea and this is a me I'm it's
gonna sound like I'm you mean you but I
swear to god I am NOT maiming you mm-hmm
I feel like Jordan Peterson at least
suggested a framework for this and it's
all develop lectures and isn't possible
almost everything I've heard driven
Peterson say about self development is
really good so I got its this self
authoring program okay you know what
that is nope okay so a self offering
program by Jordan Peterson is this
program that he has the charges for you
sign up for and my understanding of the
of the program is you essentially do
what you said which is you actually
write out a foundation for yourself
you build it based on a set of questions
reviewed by a board of clinical
psychologists that he works with it's
not just him it's like some group of
people and I don't really care about if
Jordan Pierce it could be Tai Lopez it
could be Gary
could be Jesus cracker right great just
but this idea of like okay you have a
set of questions that trigger you it's
like a tripwire
to to make you think about what's
important to you and what makes you
happy and then you document those and
then you know some way to follow it
because I've been listening to the way
that I've been listening to the
conversation and I'm listening and
taking notes on this tonight right
mm-hmm my takeaway was that I don't have
my foundation figured out for the
problem that I brought you which which
means the way I thought about the
solution was I need to sit down for a
few hours and and what's funny - is that
now that I know you brought that to my
awareness there was a time where I
really did have that figured out like I
was very clear when I was running CLG
what I wanted to do and and what time
frame my company exits and everything
then upon accomplishing that sort of
became a lost soul and then I had all
the problems that you know eventually
ended me up in Nebraska at your doorstep
right like and and that and that further
exacerbated that so so like oh yeah some
of these fundamentals even come up like
an in trading for instance where people
say like you should have like a clear
exit for like any time you enter a
certain market like instead of like
trying to share every single day because
that's how you [ __ ] yourself out of
gains right how you don't sold at the
right time or you make bad decisions
yeah yeah we're like stops mm-hmm yeah
like um yeah yeah that's that's and and
so one one really interesting thing we
just came out this like snare like
thought mmm it doesn't seem like any
amount of success Ignacio I see from
this like you could have a ton of money
you can have a ton of success ton of
fame you're still [ __ ] mm-hmm just
just just that's just a quick thought
but anyway like the the way that I
thought about solving this problem was
okay I need to spend four hours in a
cafe and write out what's important to
me and I think I have it I'm equipped to
do that but if there was any good I mean
by that it's like I won't clip to ask
myself the right questions to come to
those conclusions mm-hmm but if you're
not maybe the answer is a framework I
guess like the best thing - I don't know
like I've always seen this like what is
like like if you were to sit down and
like you had like like you were playing
like D&D and you had to make
the best the best version of yourself
like what would that look like and then
figure out like well what parts of these
are achievable so let's say like let's
say a whole lot of fun okay so let's say
like I wanted round okay what is like
the best version of myself like okay
well let's say like powerlifting
strongman Mensa IQ genius best saxophone
player in the world you know like most
popular you know twitch streamer like
let's say that these are all like these
are all like the best like this would be
like the best version of like the
superhuman version of myself I could
like design or craft like the like the
literal best stuff I could write once
you kind of like have this stuff out
like I don't know like think about like
what is like I don't like what's the
most important what is like the most
important stuff to you like what like
what makes you the happiest like if I
had to like list stuff like this it's
not like I'm not gonna say that like
being a Mensa i qg like genius is is
that important like being intelligent
that's really important to me like
that's one of my like most important
things best stock some play music that's
also like a really important thing to me
I really I really like music being
popular on Twitch is kind of important I
guess but I would say like my career is
like pretty important and then like I
guess like you know like being healthy
or or lifting is somewhere in there
right and then like kind of like once I
have like these like really core things
kind of like figured out I guess I would
just try to think like okay well like
how can i model my days after these
types of things right should I spend
like an outward day like working on you
know like practicing my guitar that I
still need to [ __ ] buy or should I
like spend like an hour or day like
reading like Wikipedia articles or some
book or you know when I wake up in the
morning you know maybe should I start
going to gym one one day once you're
Fredersen like that like these are all
like little things that you could do to
improve your life and then they all kind
of like work towards these core values
that you kind of figure out I think but
but I mean like yeah I guess I I don't
never really thought about it before
because I haven't had to do it like in
this manner because there's been so much
gradual time thinking about it but yeah
I probably got like what is the best
what is the best version of myself look
like and then of that best version of
myself like what are the things that are
realistically attainable and then how
can I kind of work towards those in
small steps every single day
[Music]
yeah I think I understand mm-hmm I'm uh
I'm not sure how to deal with the the
troll flawed but maybe maybe that solves
itself as a as a sort of corollary
they're doing this or or gets better
maybe yeah that yeah I don't know I
guess like I don't know like I just try
to think of that like um like most of
the people criticizing you their
opinions aren't worth [ __ ] first almost
all of them I would say pretty much
every single person criticizing you
their opinions aren't worth [ __ ] you
know yourself better you should that
might not be true but you should know
yourself better than than any other
person does like you need to be honest
with yourself you need to be able to
look at yourself like very critically
yeah and and nobody should be able to
like surprise you with something you
don't already know about yourself or
like bring up something you're like
totally [ __ ] unaware like you should
have like a good a good view of yourself
and the ability to like understand you
know your strengths and your weaknesses
I like as long as you have that in mind
like if some random [ __ ] it's just some
dumb [ __ ] about me like I don't like if
I could do you like I don't give a [ __ ]
yeah like I mean like I like I said like
I can go myself right and somebody
posted something earlier like oh like
look at deaf sneeze about to go on
vacation look at some numbers dropping
and it's like yeah like yeah like some
people like oh [ __ ] like how caught he's
right like what am i but it's like not
like I mean like my sub members are drop
because I'm playing a lot of League
I like playing league it's something for
some [ __ ] reason I do right but but I
like playing league and I enjoy that and
understand that like a consequence of
that is that like if I'm not doing so
much political stuff my sub numbers and
my view numbers gonna drop that's okay
I'm okay with it I understand that right
its pros and cons I'm totally okay with
that
that guy pointing it out doesn't mean
I'm worse for it or like I'm a bad
person or any [ __ ] like that like yeah
um one more question
yeah one more okay I gotta go to bed
yeah I know I'm sorry I'm sorry to keep
you up late tonight we haven't talked in
a long time on lock's yeah well how do
you feel about like raging on beers
raging on viewers yeah yeah so like you
just go in on someone that like you read
something from chat and like you go it
on someone there's a lot of different
aspects of the vet
one you probably shouldn't do it if
you're like actually like emotionally
bothered you probably shouldn't do it
because it's gonna look really bad yeah
like you know I'll do it
like [ __ ] this is such a hard line to
walk I think I'd do this fairly well but
some people do it really bad you when
you get upset at somebody you have to do
it in a way where like it's kind of
funny and you don't seem like super
salty or ultra pissed off about it yeah
it like in like a cool dejected style it
sounds like me but I don't know how it
doesn't basically there's a way to like
sarcastically play off anger that like
it looks good
sure yeah somebody brings up some [ __ ]
like a guy like if somebody brings up so
there's a guy our Lee or they brought up
like race realism and chat right so like
if I'm if I like if I see a guy like
this I think earlier I told him like
[ __ ] out of here that race girl is [ __ ]
like you haven't done [ __ ] [ __ ] with
your genius sweat IQ and then the guy
was like and the guy was like oh well
I'm actually not white I was like oh
well then by your own data like you're
not worth talking to because you have a
low IQ so get the [ __ ] I'll NIV I
write like if you're kind of like funny
and you kind of whatever like it's cool
but if I saw him posting something like
that and he was like oh well we know
this race really [ __ ] points through
difference in IQ between races you know
and I was like you know and I was like
it's it's not true like you're so bad
dude like why are you posing the rightly
if you're like [ __ ] if you're like
really emotional or like you get like
real [ __ ] ish about it or you turning
like a huge [ __ ] about it or you get
like really bothered like people will
look at that oh [ __ ] have you seen this
YouTube video um you would love this
YouTube video it's how to annoy you ever
heard of a channel Chrismon command nope
so what they do is I'm gonna link you
this video what they do is they break
down they break down character flaws or
it could be good or bad in this case
it's bad it's a ben shapiro argument yes
you're on the air many he basically just
kind of like melts down on the BBC and
quits the interview mm-hmm and it and
this video breaks down why that happened
it's exactly what you're talking about
it's like basically he takes personal
offense starts using at homonyms like
starts changing his posture and just
looks really bad in the process of
defending himself mm-hmm and like
everybody kind of came out of that with
the pretty like you said the the social
perception is what matters and the
social perception was he just got
absolutely demolished in that
discussion yeah this is something you
could watch on stream at some time when
you know yeah that's really cool so so
that that that was so I asked the
trainwrecks podcast this time the one
that you weren't on last week I actually
asked I was like what do you all think
about raging at viewers and they're like
I of course do it but but then I know
for a fact like those streamers don't
actually do it well the only way that
you're talking about yeah and you have
to do you can't look like ultra salt
like I think generally like trainwreck
seems to take like you have to have some
level of like some level of like self
deprecation right like if I'm like one
in seven in a league game sometimes I'll
make fun of like oh boy here we here
comes the magic number because like 270
might read whatever I sometimes I do
legitimately get pissed off when I
finally got it shouldn't happen but
sighs it happens but like yeah like you
got like if train wrecks is making fun
of like his coke habit or like his thin
legs or whatever like people will
generally like laugh along with you but
as soon as it like looks like it really
bothers you then the tone of it changes
a lot and people get like a very
negative view of yeah yeah so you would
only you would only do this if you can
like respond to it in a way where you're
like detached from yeah if you're
genuinely bothered and your console
responding to it you're gonna look like
really bad yeah it's not gonna be good
okay cool yeah okay that's thanks that's
awesome sorry I know I know I kept you
up a while I I really it's like a super
awesome and wholesome conversation like
I'm really glad that you wanted like we
had it yeah no problem buddy yeah all
right man have a good sleep let you get
back to the stream everything yep have
fun be somebody karin-tachi soon yeah
[Music]
