hey guys what's up countdown to one you
always get a 3-2 and then you stop you
should go three two one you guys I'm in
the process of unmuting channels as I do
it so hi Canada this is episode 12
thanks for joining us we've got Ellie
here hosting us today we're joined by
Lilly Picchu and Alexia measurement and
your host destiny why don't override
counts how to start I'm quite but would
but yeah we're here we're ready to play
episode 12 of D&D thank God I feels like
our adventure is finally drawing to an
end with Captain Barbossa day spoiler
alert
amazing yeah take us to take it away
quite but how are we doing well we're
last we left you guys were in a bit of a
tight spot there were rocks being hurled
at Captain Barbeau I think this is a
good spot to pick right back up yeah
amen amen
I see these guys oh man I'm glad you're
all fans of recycling it's really good
dude that amazing emote that's so
creative do you see that that's really
creative yeah until I get DMC I'd by
Amazon Amazon doesn't care they're not
here right now
I'm ready now so let's roll initiative
because you just got a rock hurled at
you wait what I can't see anything I
want to do some stuff oh wait didn't he
just get a rock thrown at him last round
he did indeed I think he took D wasn't
it like was it my turn cuz I got hit it
was like 10 d6 damaged or something -
well we were gonna roll it we are you
already rolled and have its episode all
right so we should so we were at the
edge of it okay so let's bring us back
actually wait can we bring us back for a
second let's get let's come out of this
that's why don't we do it why don't we
do like a where we are now things yeah
where we are now don't even know what
we're doing
you're absolutely correct so we are in
the process of heading
north through some mountains wait what
was the name of the Mount we were going
to or there was like a rock ridge we're
in search of a tomb a tomb that might
contain a tone and or no and on our way
to this tomb we saw mountain giants
crawling up and down a mountain doing
some crazy [ __ ] and we decided to
investigate and Captain Barbeau trying
to win back Midori's affections showing
off how brave he was decided to
single-handedly go and Scout this cave
on his own yeah and in the process of
scouting this cave a mountain giant was
able to see him and Captain Barbossa
rogue he is took a big hit from a
rolling rock and now we're all I think
hundreds of feet away watching our poor
friend captain Barbeau trying to escape
from this mountain giant that is
throwing rocks at him I believe you guys
are some 600 feet away and yeah like 120
feet from the cave or something yep yeah
okay
wait Steven what
why is my cam looks so much worse than
everyone else's cam on yours
probably because you're all the way to
the right oh I mean you're not centered
but I mean otherwise that's your it's
what it is what it is
what am I get okay okay are we good I
think it looks worried
it looks bad doesn't it or am I crazy I
mean it I mean your camera looks worse
on Zoom then I think everybody else is
do you guys agree er yes yes I mean I
can't do anything about that I don't
know why cuz it's your camera you have
to give me a better feed or something I
don't know okay stop
tambour Bo's leg it's where we're gonna
pick up Captain Barbara if you have any
actions this round you can go ahead and
take them else we can roll initiative
for next rounds um yeah so I got hit by
the rock
I would like to dip out am i able to run
you can't you can use your full movement
to get the hell out of there okay I
would love to use my full movement and a
dash action to run back towards my party
excellent what I got alright you make it
back what's your movement speeds thirty
yeah okay so you can make it sixty feet
with a move in a dash back towards the
party and we roll initiative for the
next round I can't see my character you
guys to the correct area yeah but we're
on the map screen still yeah we don't
have a yeah it's too big of a scale to
use this oh I see is that giant to scale
does he really take up the whole
continent he's as big as a mountain he's
a mind let's roll initiative what is
that what is happening oh my god I can't
how do you I roll boys make her vomit on
Wellborn oh I'm gonna zoom nothing
[Music]
so the first person to go is going to be
Midori
so our blonde he moved suit he's 180
feet from the cave and you guys are 600
feet from the cave and get some numbers
here all right go for it so wait
sorry he's we're a hundred eighty feet
well he's a hundred eighty feet from the
cave and you're six hundred feet from
the cave so you are four hundred and
twenty feet from him okay um not much I
can do I don't want to go near a giant I
can handle it
hey can I just like kind of go in your
log and just hide or something bacon is
ready muffled hey yeah you can move
sixty feet closer to the cave that
brings you to 540 okay all right the
Giants turn is next and the giant will
pick up another rock casually while
munching on a piece of lamb and take it
and give it a nice good Bowl in the
direction of our hero at disadvantage
because you're outside of short range 13
to hit does not him
all right the rock comes rolling past
you tumbling into the fields ahead of
you and the giant sort of lazily
stretches and goes to pick up another
Rock Barbeau it's your turn
am i able to do my movement and then
like ready a dodge action am I able to
like ready a - and then like use that -
like - out of the way of the boulder cuz
I know another one's coming it'll still
make an attack role - hey okay you can
action to dodge which gives them
disadvantage on the attack but he's
already at such a great range that he
already has disadvantage so are there
trees near me no this is a barren
dried-out riverbed
okay I'm gonna just keep running all
right you make it another 60 feet
bringing you to 240 from the cave lock
I'll just sit here with my hand on
Midori's back just making sure she's
safe oh snap that's going on I cringe
count that's it I'm done
Gerald okay Corey what have we got in
the surrounding area the distant area is
there any mountains Hills any kind of
thing to conceal could conceal something
a tall forest yeah so you are on the top
of the hill like you've just come over
the hill when you saw this stuff so the
most of the parties at the top of this
hill and all you got to do is back up
ten feet and you're behind perfect cover
and they'll never be able to see or to
target you I need to know where the is
so that the Giants in a cave and the
cave is in a mountain right yeah okay
and the so there's how how far is that
mountain range it does is there any kind
of possibility of things that could hide
around that mountain range things like
that yes things can hide on and around
the mountain but I don't feel like I
understand your question okay
that's okay that's what I need to know
so second question is Hillsborough and
red port are those active towns with
militias or armies at the top at the
time right now are they destroyed as far
as you know they are active okay okay
here we go I'm going to can trip as an
action I can create a sound that can be
any volume or noise and the sound will
continue or I can make sounds at
different times what I'm gonna do is
behind the mountain range of the cave
I'm going to I'm gonna have some like a
group of very loud voices so like like
in what end like a single loud voice and
it's gonna be booming right it's gonna
be like through like not a one of the
old my curve not a microphone because we
don't have the
but like one of the talking things that
they use for like Caesar like for like
events like gladiatorial that's mmm it's
going and it's going to its gonna yell
it's gonna say men of Hillsboro we stand
ready to fight the terror the Giants
join with me and attack and then like a
cheer rises up that is epic tell me what
the range of your spell is it's a so the
sound can come from it's not good but
the sound can come from anywhere
what the what's the name of the spell
again this is just minor illusion just
can't rip in it
minor illusion mm-hmm so the range is 30
feet you create a sound or an image of
an object within range so I think you
can only create the sound as if it were
coming within 30 feet of you so within
30 like if you want to do it behind the
hill or you're coming up that's fine but
you can't do it from behind the mountain
600 feet away do you know what I mean
yes you're right Lucas is running
towards us right yes yes mm-hmm
okay um I've made a a small doodle up
here for you yep that helps okay I don't
know if I want to make the the sound
from near us but maybe I do
yeah let's try it let's hope he runs I'm
gonna do it alright you make a loud
sound of this army approaching and
rallying and getting ready to invade I
will make some checks for the Giants all
right Midori it's your turn
I'm going to still stand by all right
round two closer
all right you are for me now mountain
giant goes and just as it's getting
ready to bowl it's rock it kind of stops
straightens up cuff like drops the meat
that it's eating covers its eyes to look
at the horizon and walks back into the
cave Oh
[Music]
leaving us with Captain Barbeau
seemingly out of danger I'm going back
to my homies stone as quickly as
possible
sure you can catch back up to your
homies the mountain giant does not
return from the cave I saw that and the
party reconvenes some bottles you're not
you're you're safe yeah oh I mean I
wasn't worried or anything just okay
it's Locke still touching Midori no we
disengage don't worry I'll just come and
say thanks Locke for all the help
how can I shrug my shoulders second so
maybe the cave was not a good idea let's
go do something else what else do we
have to do well hold on hold on there
Noam I'm not gonna just let this hill
giant or mountain giant get the best of
me you're not how tough did that
mountain giant look yeah not that tough
not that tough she's only left to
scratch on me I was able to evade at
least five of its attacks Midori what
kind of running out yeah I did a number
on him honestly what kind of um what
kind of abilities you have left Midori
for protective spells I can I have a
kinship resistant what is that there um
it's just aids in your next saving fall
and like stuff that cures poison just
stuff like I don't really yeah I
understand support I don't know if you
know this but I'm a cleric of death I
understand I understand it okay okay I
have an idea but it's gonna require a
captain Barbara it's gonna require all
of your athleticism go back in there
after he stuff that we got about what
what we're gonna do is the three of us
are going to approach the mountain giant
not you the three of us so me Gerald and
Midori are going to approach the
mountain giant from the side while you
athletically evade and simultaneously
bait out additional throws from the
mountain giant until we've closed the
gaps that were close enough to attack
couldn't we all just sneak up there
pretty close together there's no you
couldn't even sneak up on your own
there's no way that all of us are gonna
stick together you're the sneakiest of
the bunch yes I mean I could do that
yeah
all right Captain Barbossa done I have a
better idea that involves mouton not
taking unnecessary damage so aims pike
my name's Brad bark I'm sorry Brad
okay what we could do is we could create
that right the the mountain giant
probably thinks an army is coming so why
don't I just create sounds of a big army
marching forwards as he went into the
cave and then that covers our movement
while we go in forward if you really
want to fight which we maybe shouldn't
because we'll probably not survive
tonight I'm a big fan I'm gonna fight
I'm a fan I'm a fan of the simplest plan
that relies on the least amount of
things going wrong I feel like I don't I
don't know how intelligent any mountain
giant could it knows there's it thinks
there's an attack coming that's why it
would be like what if it doesn't what if
it's too
what if it's too stupid to know that and
he just walks out and just starts
hammering us okay so as I was looking
back at the Giant when he went back into
this cave did he look scared or was he
just like kind of like bored concerned
you know like all of a sudden it's
hearing these sounds of war it's like
looking like what the [ __ ] going on
hold on I better go inside did he look
like he was gonna okay so did he look
really concerned or did he look scared
cuz I guess concerned would be like let
me go inside and like get my friends
whereas scared would be like oh [ __ ]
like I'm the only one let me run inside
like for assuming all four of us in
staring mornings game assuming all four
of us can get on top of him I think we
should be able to defeat him pretty
handily if it was one I would agree but
I did not get to look in the cave I mean
if there are more than we can retreat
but now I could retreat because I have a
lot of skill and adeptness and dodging
walk but our gnome friend if one of
those boulders got hurled at him I don't
think he couldn't oh they'll be with me
I'll make sure nothing happens to them
don't worry you not gonna let anything
happen to my close friend Midori don't
let anything happen to either of our
friends not too concerned about the
known but Midori I have a special place
in my heart for no one asked we buried a
child we had to let one of them die you
know what I don't care if a door
about the side I want to talk about it
anymore you keep bringing it up okay are
we all in agreement how are you feeling
captain I'm feeling amazing you feel
amazing right now if you look a little
worse for wear are you doing okay wait
was yummy
well Midori here's a cleric of death so
she's no longer able to heal Brook Hill
barber oh I don't understand okay well
then why are you asking me if I'm good
to go I mean we're going aren't we
anyways we can take a rest or I can take
your place if you don't feel up to this
okay if you want to take a rest I'm cool
with that
I can make you rest quickly yeah that'd
be nice with a spell I mean awesome what
is here a seed no I can't I mean we
could we could theoretically rest up in
this mountain area right what is your um
how how comfortable are you feeling if
you had to give me a range from a scale
of 1 to 100 percent about how healthy we
feeling right now captain so I'm gonna
give you a range from 1 to 38 yeah in a
28 you're at about a 28 of the 1328
about a 38 okay
I think that for this time it's a 17 ac
I think we should be pretty I think we
should be rested for this so maybe we
can camp out here for the night and rest
up do you think that's okay wait so the
plan is to have Brad dodge boulders
while we run in that's your plan
yep and then as soon as we've closed the
gap we can engage him in close quarters
combat we can take him out Swift and
that's better than making a ton of noise
so that he stays in there which he's
doing now and then we go and then we
were just there I mean you can make
noise as you want as we approach I'm
just worried I just don't want to rely
on him coming out and or no I don't
wanna remind him not coming up my whole
goal koi boo is to dodge boulders would
I be able to like roll instead of just
taking like an AC hit until I can attack
it since like my entire goal is
literally just to sit there and dodge
can't you just ready a dodge every
action that just changes the from an
attack role to a dodge role but the
mechanics of it are gonna be the same so
if you want to roll it it's attack
against you I'm okay with that but one
way or another we're getting like a die
roll so if I want to roll like my
acrobatics against his like attack would
I be able to that no I would just have
you roll its attack to hit you with
disadvantage because you're dodging
oh yeah yeah because we can't change
like that would defy the entire a/c
system you know what I could do what I
could do is I could cast Mage Armor Anya
is that self only I think it isn't cast
resistance to uh I can give you the
targets based AC becomes 13 pluses decks
modifier which is really high right it
would be like 20 oh yeah yeah wait
what's your decks modifier seven what's
your decks for but yeah okay so your AC
would be 17 oh wait thank you plus four
I don't get the four to my additional AC
wait that's I thought like major arm
would give me like my Dex modifier as AC
so I take oh the targets base AC becomes
13 plus a2x modifier so let me see would
get armor on top of that way you touch a
willing creature who isn't wearing armor
and protected magical field surrounds it
okay so it only go okay I'm just
thinking of things I can do um what does
jump do now you guys also saw another
giant leave the cave earlier today and
start its weight up so as a factor to
consider as well maybe we camp out like
600 feet away and this unlike the lip of
this Ridge or whatever we could just
kind of like keep an item to count how
many Giants we see going in and out as
we're looking around do we see any like
giant tracks like something somewhere
near us that like they've like walked by
or something like that definitely a few
hundred feet away there's a stomped bush
and you can go over and investigate that
if you'd like let's set up a trap more
than perhaps you have er you caring
mountain giant traps on you or you're
not no I'm not
can you produce your line what hang on I
can cast invisibility
a lot of things yeah can we rest for the
night and then sure as were right okay
can I heal yeah do it can we set up a
short rest sure you guys want to stay
here 600 feet away so you can like keep
an eye on them and just skip that site
sounds good all right let me make some
encounter rules isn't our friend gonna
make his like Hut that's like an
opponent and invulnerable or whatever I
can
I think eyes want one if you think we
need one tonight I don't think we need
one does that take a smoke long anyone
yeah of course or no it doesn't it's a
ritual oh it doesn't it's a ritual yeah
let me just do it might as well do it uh
is the tiny Hut super visible Koivu I
think it's okay yeah that you want yeah
yeah so I just make it translucent just
guys just don't light a fire anything
the dome is opaque from the outside of
any color you choose but it is
transparent inside I'm gonna make it
transparent but I'm also gonna alarm
like the whole area yeah I think it's
okay for you snap amazing did you
refresh the refresh what I ended this
add a little scent will make a better
one later
what do we have here Oh excellent so can
I get a perception check from everybody
in the party
I am the perception of God so I think
wall-e need mine honestly go forth you
mean like a perception checker can we
use my passive perception of a tease
this is gonna be an active perception
check because you guys are sitting in
this Hut with nothing else to do but to
look around
so this giant doesn't kick our butt I
shall conjure up this tiny Hut
you have passive perception 18 that's
what it says I think I took some weird
[ __ ] that's positive unless it's in
Craig oh do you have like expertise on
perception I actually may that what it
is yeah you've got expertise
interception so your proficiency bonus
comes twice so six yep six and two
perfect perfect it's really [ __ ] good
and it's useful to know all right you're
sitting here in this opaque out of yours
and on the other side of the hill and
some a maybe 400 500 feet away you see a
small troop of hobgoblins marching they
don't carry any banners but they are
marching in a double column with some
pack animals in the middle and some
slaves at the back maybe fifteen or
sixteen hobgoblins maybe five or six
slaves wasteland human slaves are like
Hobgoblin slaves humans and halflings oh
no Steve oh no wait so we see how far
away are these four hundred feeders four
hundred just calmly oh yeah it's just on
the other side of the hill which puts
you between hobgoblins and the Giants
I'll point it out I guess since I see it
probably yeah block they have human
slaves those hobgoblins and all they're
marching towards us no they're gonna be
like pass alongside you on the other
side of this hill
parallel cousins I noticed you and
doesn't look like they're gonna run into
you if you do nothing okay
there's no distinguishing marks or
anything in the people we can't tell
what city they're from or anything
you can wait for them to get closer and
what is your best perception check a 16
they look like they're dressed in rags
they don't look like they have any
distinguishing markers they've probably
been enslaved by these hobgoblins for a
long time well we have to save him the
decision question about it why cuz if
humans like us wouldn't you want us to
save you if you were a little
uncomfortable isn't a human he's one of
us
ah um how many hotdogs ones there 15 ish
what weight are they all very close
together like if I have a certain spell
where to go off in that vicinity would
it also hit all the plan anymore they're
in a double column with about eight feet
of distance between each Hobgoblin like
regular walking pace so you could
probably hit are they heavily like
armors he probably hit 16 yeah you could
probably hit all the hobgoblins most of
the hobgoblins and all the pack animals
with one fireball hey guys I have an
idea
let me open up this fight if we're gonna
go get them alright but they are 400
feet away from you so what's the cast
range of fireball it's actually really
high we're just only gonna hurt the bad
people why do you care about that Midori
are usually keen on killing the range of
fireball is 150 feet so you need to
close the distance by at least 250 feet
without being seen wait so I have to do
this whole thing I'm not gonna like I
can't take on 16 hub ball you can go in
after really I mean you can do it with a
single fireball what do you mean I'm
sneaky enough and you can visibility it
up there all this is just to get
released some slaves like can we we do
we can just let him go right
why not well realm hmm maybe one of them
is a noble and they'll reward us with
money since you're a greedy little
goblin I didn't know you were a dwarf
I'm a greedy goblin that you didn't know
as a door greedy all right I agree with
what Captain Barbossa says the
self-appointed protectors of the realm I
think we should go out and help these
guys all right just okay
there are only a few hobgoblins we
should be fine let's just approach if
Gerald was on my back could I just sneak
with him oh yeah thank you the backpack
I don't know it's that small but it's
pretty small he could find it very small
maybe you can get my backpack backpack
wizard okey let's go Unitarian honestly
if they could sneak a thief into a
backpack in Ocean's eleven you can
definitely put Gerald in a backpack okay
we could do that and then we could die
are you confident in your stealth or do
you think we could so why do we do this
we could invisibility lock then we could
sneak with me in the backpack then all
we got to worry about is Midori um if
you want to if you want to use
invisibility me and Midori could
probably just approach on foot normally
I mean what are they gonna do if they
see if you just take it like really
carefully do you even need a good crazy
sneak check or what are they gonna do
from 200 feet away it's not like gonna
stop throwing fireballs at us yeah yeah
I think we should just be able to sneak
yeah
all right I'm a sneaky guy yeah they're
not gonna notice us from 150 feet that's
right
ready that's what I thought all right
okay we're gonna leave the hut which is
gonna dispel the Hyatt mmm-hmm right am
i able to have my HP no you haven't had
a full day's rest yet you this is maybe
we have three hours later unfortunate
had done the negotiation okay um yeah I
feel like I feel like whoever has got
something in my eye I feel I don't feel
good about this but okay yeah we can do
it all right you guys gonna do it
so me and Midori are going to sneak or a
rather approached on foot and then
Gerald captain blows his backpack yep
I'm jumping
Barbara's backpack knowing biz when did
okay I was gonna sneak with the with the
gnomon backpack
meanwhile lock-in Midori are going to
separately try and sneak the distance
closer yeah sure
yeah well separately her yeah well not
like directly behind want them to get
hit by like collateral but like yeah
will separately sneak perfect okay so I
will need stealth checks from everyone
on the party except for the gnome oh my
god that's pretty good
I believe this is exactly how the last
encounter started but worked worth to
worth this is hundreds of feet away
right I feel like and I like I want to
cast resistance periodically if that's
operated sure Midori oh very sneaky nice
job laka Midori are quite successful in
moving undetected mister mouton starts
off fairly undetected coming down a
hillside but the weight in his backpack
kind of throws him off a little bit when
the know who tries to reposition like
scratch his thigh or something and you
hit a rock on a bit of a cliff that
tumbles and breaks apart a couple of the
hobgoblins look up your way and shield
their eyes against you I'll have to make
an active perception check against your
9:00 stealth would we have reception
checks here hobgoblins and don't notice
you yeah you're not getting late in the
day they're looking into the center on
some rocks just coming down the hillside
and the hobgoblins shrug and keep on
going
all right hand I'm gonna keep on Stilton
all right you're on another stealth roll
I do want another one oh this one is
gonna be a good one that's better that's
better sure you get to within a hundred
and fifty feet where the No
has told you that you want to be my poke
my gnome and I'm not sure that with this
fireball we're not gonna hit any of them
you know the humans and like halflings I
don't care about but wizards are very
precise with their with their damage
don't worry at all there will be no
collateral damage not whatsoever none
nobody will not not die innocence today
okay here we go
all right I popped my head out of the
backpack and can you just give us like a
description of what it looks like when
Gerald is in a backpack and casting a
fireball spell from position so he's
gonna like reach like both of his little
hands are over any kind of like cheeks
out and he's just gonna like go to the
left of Brad's shoulder look over and
then he's gonna raise a single finger
and there will be like a little swirling
flame on it which then leaps up very
high into the air and kind of just drops
down into the center of the hobgoblins
and then fans out were into it a massive
explosion of flame roll us some damaged
I will happily do this 8 d 6 that is
fireball damage its oh that's so bad I'm
even a picture well your fire ball hits
the group a 20-foot radius explosion you
can hit forty-fifth no 40 foot radius or
20-foot radius 20 foot radius sphere so
40 foot diameter which is not as big as
I thought it would be maybe I did my
math wrong so you can easily take out
this front chunk of hobgoblins or the
back chunk and the the pack animals but
it seems like this is probably the right
area over here as much as I want to blow
up this the animals yes yeah that's a I
want I want to stick it to those begins
but I yeah I can't do it's more
efficient do it this way these
hobgoblins melt these other ones are on
the edge
so I'll give them half damage and a save
for quarter C for saving throws the deck
saves right yeah they all fail so they
take half of 29 damage which is still
probably gonna kill them the animals
live unfortunately good
this one does this one dies this one
dies and this one takes half 29 which is
worked you know that's actually just
enough to kill so the whole front pack
of hobgoblins died in a horrific and
violent explosion the remaining
hobgoblins and pack animals and slaves
look up with wild surprise I guess you
guys are sort of separated the party
comes towards them and sounds like this
I'm gonna kind of drop the gnome out of
the backpack and start running towards
alright well roll me some initiative
everybody
oh no you reset it can I keep my
initiative no yes you rolled it yeah
earlier so you can keep it Nitori what
are you doing
you got a head lock in ads would you
roll 20 right rolled all right lock
you're the first one to go yeah my next
move is like 60 or something right yep
I don't know if you're aware of this or
maybe it's just on my thing but a grid
is still on yes okay I'm moving up again
say max move when I'm done the first of
the hobgoblins is going to run up to
their dead companions and take a look
around mostly thinking that he's found a
live one he began to drag it behind this
rock that's within that's maybe a little
bit more than he can move so he drags it
behind a pack animal for coming Captain
Barbossa your turn can I attempt to
sneak no they saw where the fire ball
came from oh they know it came from okay
are these rocks those are indeed rocks
I'm gonna move up to the rock and
yeah and their wait hold on not to get
too anal by like for fireballs I thought
those just appeared are those actually
shot from it I thought I dropped it from
the sky a bright streak flashes from
your pointing finger to a point you
choose within range
okay there are awesomes with a low roar
okay it does reveal your location it
would be super Opie if it didn't yeah
it's already super obvious the next
Hobgoblin is going to draw a bow and
stand behind this rock for cover the
next one also draws bow and hops behind
a pack animal for cover
writing an action this one does the same
thing and it becomes Gerald's turn oh
[ __ ] okay yeah
I'm gonna move how far
okay I'm gonna move to the rock and take
cover and then I do I still have line of
sight if I'm here no those are tall
rocks and you're a very small know what
if I'm lost if you want I don't have
enough movement to probably but could I
get like some type of thing where I
still maintain cover if I'm like here
and I peek and I avoid arrow fire that
would make sense yeah yeah you can just
peek your head around the corner it's
like nice yeah okay we'll do that and
then I am going to so these four
hobgoblins here let me just verify the
range of the spell sorry it's gonna take
a little bit of C yep that should work
let me make sure I know where that's is
okay no problem I am going to cast Webb
on all four of the hobgoblins here tying
them to this rock oh boy all right
mmm-hmm you throw down a web snow Wow so
it's like this little like bit like the
rocks gonna just start sprouting this
like sticky white stuff that's better
but it's gonna start like it's like
attaching to their arms and legs and all
their armor and it's gonna pull them
into the into the rocks
all right the web spell lands on these
creatures can you put it in chat yes
let me figure out it up sir
I just click on it I think yeah I think
you just click on it Wow okay perfect
[Music]
because that started okay so on their
turn they will mix aims yeah all right
the first Hobgoblin goes easier you are
going to make a dexterity saving throw
to get out of the web 10 is no go this
Hobgoblin is stuck it can't but
definitely can't use its missile fire in
the web so if it is going to make a
strength check to try and break itself
out one and it cannot it is stuck
the next Hobgoblin is also stuck maybe
Stefan Dex check fails tries to break
himself out and it's stuck as well
Midori it's your turn I'm gonna move
next to lock mm-hmm I choose an online
movement that's all I can do so I know
that's it good luck it's your turn
[Music]
I'm good if I'm like on the other side
yeah that's great yeah I'm over 60 feet
all right
next table Belvin is already behind this
is the one that dragged a fellow
Hobgoblin to safety dead fellow
Hobgoblin he will pull out a bow and
take a shot up Lok Lak has like half
cover there
I believe so if he gets a minus for all
his attack 22-4 is an 18 as I hit you
does it go to attack or defender then
yes it does what's Marshall advantage
then you will take oh it's Marshall
advantage it deals an extra seven damage
of the creature and that creature is
within five feet of an a Hobgoblin Ally
so just seven from both
[Music]
next up is barb oh I'm gonna use my
movement and then my cutting action - -
so I should still get my first melee
attack right mm-hm
awesome I'm gonna use that to move to
this goblin excellent grab them move up
there and I'm gonna attack him with my
barb
all right you have advantage on the role
because he is restrained by the webs
awesome and I'm gonna say huh this is
going to what I killed compilation one
will hit for 19 damage slaying the
Hobgoblin next one tries to make a dex
check to get out fails and tries to make
a string check to get out and I think
that is a success a strength check
allows it to what's my spell Snape DC Oh
quick it's pretty high it should be
eight plus three plus you're casting
modifier so 16 wait so eight plus three
plus five okay so that should be 16 okay
so the Hobgoblin just barely makes it
out and then we'll fire in run advantage
to savor the get to the Sabre okay when
there's a DC set via a fee or a spell DC
you have to meet or beat hardness so
that how Braille have been just flees
into terror this one behind the mule is
gonna take a shot ah Gerald has ducked
behind can't see midori barb was on the
other side of the web block is the only
viable target people shoot the longbow
at law jeez a 19-2 our chicken Rosalyn
guys - is a 17-2 hit okay know that mr.
alright this is and then the Hobgoblin
will also use a move to begin to run
Jerald I will cast
[Music]
let's see
I will cast tol the dead on want on the
Goblin nearest to walk because that's
what I'm in ranged to do got it yeah
here guys listen so I I think he's not
wounded so it's a natural 20 on the save
totally fine
Cheney ignores all damage next is the
same Hobgoblin that was trapped before
he gets a saving throw 13 is a fail he
tries to climb out makes the success
with his action and then spends the rest
of the round running the next Hobgoblin
can't escape tries to escape can't
escape and it becomes Midori's turn I'm
gonna cast sure punch wait a second that
guy that stepped out was he just barely
in my range together just ran I do
believe so the question is how tall are
those rocks they don't look like they
are taller than you so I think you can
attack of opportunity right I've covered
well now that that matters yeah doesn't
matter do we get a little touch when we
attack these guys do we get a +1 on our
roll to hit because we're using steel
weapons or is that only against people
with so it's only against creatures with
metal armor these creatures are wearing
chainmail so you do get a +1 got you
have steel weapons against them okay
cool sorry but Midori chill touch will
hit it takes four necrotic damage and
what else comes with chill touch
can't heal alright and the hand is
clinging to it at the end of the round
the pack animals are [ __ ] bolting the
smell of death and blood the whizzing of
arrows the explosions of fireballs and
chill touches and toll the deads are
freaking them and their handlers are no
longer holding their reins so all the
animals bolt that direction and the
slaves seeing their opportunity bolt
northward in the direction that you guys
came from did the animals run over any
of the hobgoblins over only the dead
ones yeah look it's your turn all right
then kind of looking at this guy in
front of me I think I can attack him
and I get advantage right
Jesus is 11 not good enough nope Elevens
not enough okay another hit okay 24 is a
hit right that's definitely yeah you
hack into him for nine which is enough
to bring him down to deadsies oh jeez
how we go these guys okay in that case
then I will come forward here and then
I'll do my bonus action my baller master
mm-hmm 24 to hit seven damage great the
Hobgoblin has twice that in HP and
doesn't go down okay right you will
however run like a screaming child away
from you okay okay opportunity
it's 12:00 enough to hit nope nope no
barb oh it's your turn for those guys
same thing I did before movement and -
cunning to go up to this guy and I'm
gonna attack him cool
there's the roll you hit 4:17 uh do you
get your sneak attack yeah I do
something guys with any allies its
within 5 feet maybe not 5 feet it's
close tend aim is actually enough to
kill my other way so he goes down I have
a question with the +1 to hit I wouldn't
get a natural 20 there right it would
just be you know okay next is one of
these fleeing hobgoblins who continues
just to to flee they're all running are
you guys gonna chase after them or come
you're gonna let him run away I don't
care for you skins escapes I'll let him
go on my turn I'm gonna fire bolt the
one that's wounded this try and run
that's the best one I've ever had on
anything do that much damage I didn't
even I couldn't really do that I've only
damaged yeah because it does 2010 and
you crit so you do for d-10 wait mages
can crap
spells can create holy okay that's
insane I don't even know that so I've
just been rolling like trash this entire
kinkman never knew yes yes
this is why I felt comfortable giving
some slight nerfs to the wizard class
because look at that damage with a
canned trip yeah yeah that's wild
yeah so the the remaining hot to
hobgoblins escape into the hills
meanwhile the the four slaves stopped
right around where you guys are catching
their breath and looking around the
wildered be pack animals scamper and
slowly come to a stop some ways away
that was more damage than a fireball a
lot of single target I was crazy more
often oh yeah yeah sure those pack
animals that escaped completely are they
running away
or did that big slow down to a stop some
hundreds of feet away you could in
theory go
Lu yeah okay you guys want to make sure
the the guys are okay and I'm gonna go
check those pack animals I'm really good
with animals maybe I should come with me
we can take the last two or three
animals you've handled have all died
miserable deaths you ever seen a man
tame a Yeti into submission okay fine
you can go check the animals I'll remain
here with Midori alright and then I
approach the slaves to see how they're
doing I guess I'll also go I'll go with
them okay oh that's cute it's kind of
like a Scoob and Shaggy I'll say to
Gerald
he went to check the other animal all
right slaves a human steps up to you
sixes chest out proudly and says thank
you very much I am Kell gray I've been
captured by these monstrous creatures
for months now I am sure you will get a
reward I will see to it if you take if
you come with me to Clydesdale sorry my
mind is fuzzy um where where is Clyde
snow from here
Taff day away you just kind of went
through Clydesdale fairly recently if we
look at the greater world map would be
knowing Clyde snow if that's that
wouldn't be oh that's like a main city
tavington x' place right like no no no
just making sure
you know what actually we need to take a
rest anyway before we continue our
journey into these mountains so heading
to Clydesdale with you and your lot
taking a rest service sounds like a big
great thank you
he shows you that he's got brass
shackles on finding his arms together is
there something you can do about this
because I even like chopped these off or
will I know do you have like any one of
you have lockpicks
as I'm checking the beast I have to use
tools can i maybe find like the key ring
of keys if nothing
and you've stole anything give me a
perception check as you search through
stuff yeah you'll see the keyring is on
one of the hobgoblins near the animals
I'll let me go when I come back cool is
there anything else man
that's interesting oh yeah there's tons
of stuff on the animals there's whole
like packs fill little Spears and bows
and arrows and weapons and ammunition
there's packs filled with food there's
packs filled with leather armor and
small buckler shields it's a few suits
of chainmail stuck in there it's like a
small army encampment including some
wood and some tents can we just take
there is there as there a pack of spell
books are we able to take the animals
with us they are yeah we can just take
them with all the [ __ ] all right we'll
bring them back to the camp their
domesticated beasts of burden man
they're all yours now what are you gonna
name them um if you guys want to name
him you can't I'll name one his name
will be on Chazz Chazz with a Z I know
Congrats brother's name okay yeah okay
you get around with the Barbeau clan I'm
sorry I'm done good that was out of
character wait are we gonna take all
three of these the inventory management
gonna be wait let's just take the packs
and saw everything in quasi I'll make
tons of gold we could do that yeah yeah
I'm gonna take real quick CT right to
the slaves do you know where this where
these animals were headed the hobgoblins
have a few camps set up throughout these
hills they move between them leaving a
few patrolling members at each station
along the way we were just moving from
one camp to another the place we're
headed is where they have their small
forge they were going to use these three
he says motioning that people hind him
to forge new weapons of war interesting
okay all right yeah we can head to
clients tell them
excellent are they like excellent
blacksmiths he looks at you and then
pretends like he didn't hear the
question because he doesn't want to have
to answer in front of them oh yeah it's
one of those like don't yeah yeah yeah
you guys can head towards Clydesdale
it'll take you most of the rest of the
day to get there yeah cuz you guys
arrived here in the morning I believe so
by late evening early night you will end
up in Clydesdale a walled city that is
the capital of Wake County which is this
territory over here this is Wake County
now these people will definitely know
the Benelli family or at least know of
them are you actively hiding your name I
mean it's not like I have a nametag on
me or anything right right but it you're
a noble you stand out your language and
effect is different than the common I'm
if I'm avoiding people I'm not going
around talking everybody I'm trying to
keep to myself cool you guys can arrive
at Clydesdale the gates are closed but
the man before you announces his name I
am Kell grave I'm returning after being
captive for many months and they'll open
the gates and he brings you to his
family's estate in the town hall asleep
yeah they've got an estate here that
everyone in this place is asleep except
for one of the servants who answers the
door burst into tears on seeing the this
poor night that has been gone for so
long and you were all brought in while
the Masters of the house are awoken you
were served fine food and drink and put
in a very comfortable plush cushy purple
parlor until I get more than those back
no how many were there any rations on
the animals that we can take with us as
many as you want more than you can carry
hundred and I wanted on Dominique 303 so
as many as I
yeah well I was figuring like your
theoretical carrying capacity on
yourself if you're gonna take the
animals you can take all the rations
which are gonna be 230 so close okay and
how much can our Dominique the donkey
our donkey I bought carry Dominique the
donkey can carry do 180 pounds before it
has to move at normal human movement
rate and then it can carry 360 pounds
going at normal human rate and then 540
pounds at slow rate do you have a
general do you have a general like
priced by the way of what all this is
like you could just like you sometimes
DM will do this like okay yeah like
everything on those three donkeys is
worth X gold I won't give you one big
selling price rather than having you go
through yeah what that is yeah yeah yeah
there's a lot of chainmail their bows
there's arrows as all this equipment no
plate now right no play let me just do
some quick math here and I will get you
a full number the gray family will help
you sell this stuff you know give you
like those point you in the direction of
good merchants in this town who will
give you a fair price are they giving us
money for saving this value valuable
night we have well let's let's have a
quick chat before all of us goes down
because the other family members are
being awakened while you guys are
resting in the parlor Cal Gray is
rubbing his cuffs that have been you
know sore for so long because of the
manacles on him the other people the
blacksmith's are hanging out in the
corner and by themselves talking cuz
they feel out of place mr. gray turns to
you all and says well thank you for
bringing me here now that we're finally
in a place to rest tell me what what
brings you to this part of the world
great heroes we're here to kill some
Mountain Giants actually first here in
search of treasure and adventure we
stumbled upon some mountains Giants in
the the hills of Rock Peak Rock Peak
Rock Ridge to our West mm-hmm yes
we could use some help actually if you'd
be interested in some adventuring after
we get done here
I do owe you a life debt do you know
anything about the Giants some yes
there's a plan of mountain Giants I
think there's three or four of them plus
they're young they live near the
mountain itself
occasionally harangue the countryside
famously they they marched on red port
some years back losing one of their
members I think there's three now hmm
maybe for three or four you know about
how tough these Mountain Giants are if
you had to guess you don't know how
tough they know to quantify that do you
think a single do you think a single
well-traveled man could best a mountain
giant at one-on-one combat maybe a
legendary night but a well-traveled man
would certainly be smitten I could
smited crushed killed badly as the known
sense killed lots yes lots and lots of
killing I'm working on them hang on it's
been a long day so what else is in the
what else is in the cave was anyone ever
yes in the cave has any been as anyone
been so brave to explore the cave or
have they all met their grave I have
never heard of anyone who has made it
into and back out of that place but I
wouldn't be surprised if a cunning rogue
has done so in the past I actually made
it in and out you barely made it out you
barely saw what they haven't seen me not
get in the cave of course we all watched
you scrambling for your life in front
well boulders are being hurled at you
I was not scrambling I don't scramble
Locke I was really dodging you were
scrub that one of the reasons we're back
here right now is so that you can rest
your tired lay yeah well because I rest
my tired leg I saved this great man I'm
sure he's thankful okay
I am grateful and thankful with the
point that his family comes from the
upstairs of the house and
tears and people rejoining after a long
time and a lot of like awkwardness all
the whole family interacts eventually
you're introduced to them and the mother
steps forward and says how can I thank
you to the four of you please please but
what can I do
you've brought back my son who has been
gone for so long please like what can I
do for you
we're actually on a journey to rid the
mountain range to the west of these
horrible Mountain Giants if it's not too
much to ask if you were in possession of
any greater weapons or armor that might
aid us in our journey would greatly
appreciate it or spells do you know any
spells or wizards of repor here in the
town the mother throws a look to the
father right away he furrows his brow
and steps forward looks directly at you
Locke and says son what sort of man are
you you just assumed your gender
what sort of man who you calling a bit
up what kind of sword II what kind of
weapon to use Locke what he's asking i
we do have such a an appropriate gift
but I want to make sure it goes to the
to a good person I mean we stand before
you today with your son alive and
healthy do we not yes yes
would he have everything I guess a
Benelli looks it's possible the great
family you've maybe heard of before just
like you know on a roster of people who
are attending a party but you wouldn't
know of them well this is my night lock
Benelli and I'm his Squire stop oh well
then killed Benelli of course we would
be happy to reward you with such a thing
and he will head upstairs and come back
down with a very old-looking two-handed
sword shemagh two-handed swords aren't
hubbard's right they are not full arms
he doesn't want you to be a weapon
mastery depends on what it is play
around
hand you the the sword both hands out
track the scabbard is this kind of dingy
old like weathered brown leather with
nice stitching along the edges
there's the emblem of the house gray on
the front of it which is just a wolf's
face staring straight at you
the handle itself meat seems to be made
out of some sort of bone and bound with
some sort of unusual leather it's
definitely not cowhide it's got like a
rough texture to it maybe it's like
sharkskin or something mm-hmm the pommel
itself looks to be made out of solid
silver with a single gem set in the base
of it and the cross guard is a very
angular v-shaped made out of looks like
a combination of steel with silver
inlays can I ask what kind of weapon
this is it is a ancient two-handed sword
that has been passed down in my family
from age to age I was going to give it
to my son on his wedding day and lost
all hope of that now that you have
brought him back it feels appropriate to
give to you for all these years I have
called it gray Bain because it's been in
our family for so long but you are free
to rename it as you please
gray Bain I okay I extend both of my
hands and I bow my head I'm incredibly
gracious to receive such a gift from
your family thank you he says and you
now can add one magic two-handed sword
to your character sheet
do I know what kind of like weaponless
is like yeah you'd be able to tell you
right there is a gnome wait he can tell
you using this thing for ages so they're
very familiar with it can I be your
Squire Lord I'll poke you and gonna ask
you in your year no I'm gonna keep
piling people him though they will tell
you about the properties of the sword
which since I'm kind of doing this on
the fly not expecting this to happen
will take a moment while I find an
appropriate weapon and you okay so are
you able to talk yeah totally what do
you guys mean I can I go visit or can I
ask like is there any wizards of any
rapport where perhaps we can exchange
spells ambition to these items that
would help us on our adventure against
the Giants what's the guy from game of
thrones
to any spell shops became a knight and
he was with Jamie he was like Jamie
helper Bron Bron I'm kind of Destiny's
Barrowman locks burn oh yeah oh yeah
they know absolutely yeah more like I'd
say you're like at Aryan Mike accept him
easily in a 1v1 okay I remember this
like from ok I remember that I have a
niece who is an enchanter over in
Hillsboro I will write to her and alerts
would be expecting you or that if she
should treat you well wonderful
we'll stop by before we go see the
Giants I appreciate you for being so
reliant on helping me her name is
scarlet gray and her place her place of
work is Scarlett's sorcery
and Midori is there anything that would
help you in your travels and me your
don't you ever have a magic doesn't you
already romantic short turn yeah I'd
like another oh wait you solve the magic
ring right like you remember that yeah
of course do you have any livestock yes
a horse one lime sort of maybe something
a little smaller a goat a goat would be
perfect
may I may I have one I shall send our
servants in the morning to purchase any
goats in the city you wish thank you
very much
gonna sacrifice it he nods approvingly
wait so everybody gets something right
so I get something too that's not
necessarily the deal they've all made
fairly reasonable requests I mean my not
reasonable the gray Bain weapon does
double damage on a charge for the
purposes of this game that means if you
have to move 30 feet or your max
movement directly towards an enemy in a
straight line before you can get the
bonus so if you charge at someone double
damage on the attack and then I have to
move my full 30 feet or can we move like
20 feet or something all right let's say
you have to move at least 20 feet in a
straight line okay where it's the target
sounds good yeah and then what does the
can you do this to my [ __ ] here I mean
at it I will add it to your seat okay
what is the attack role in it it'll be
the same as all your other attack roles
or what's the dam role two-handed rates
or that's what they're called here I
think is to d6 is that great sword
damage
where's great sword here we go
greatsword is 2d six yeah okay and it
will do an additional 2d six on a charge
okay so I were to charge somebody
theoretically if I charged someone and
got a crit that would be eight D six
damage
yes can I ask him um if he has anything
that helped me maybe sneak easier like I
don't know if there's any like magic
boots or anything like that the great
family does not sneak we do more work
publicly and did the open can I have
just some new clothes then I feel like
that's reasonable hide like since we're
close for my journey if that's fine
a most appropriate gift for you thank
you I wish you good luck and finding a
teacher so they will look for the night
they will dress you in fine clothing
they will give you a magic sword they
will buy you and goat it doesn't matter
what type of goat it is or what color it
is or anything like that
I want a juicy plump goat they will get
fastest plumpest fattest goat around
sweet and the party can rest everyone
regains one hit died and can spend there
hit dice alright and the next morning as
you all wake up for breakfast which is a
wonderful feast of lemon cakes and
mashed potatoes and green beans and
chicken and waffles pancakes on the side
- do I really have to go at this point
or did they give it to me last night er
no though they're gonna give it to you
in the morning they gotta send the
serving up tonight one sorry Midori will
you draw me in Squire clothes next to my
my teacher stop morning dinner breakfast
quel grey looks at you directly in the
eyes mr. Milton and says you had
mentioned my life debt last night
yeah what would you like of me
I would like you to get me and he only
asked me right he's looking right at you
but everyone sit around the breakfast
table I want some magic boots that'll
help me sneak that's what I want
that'll repay your life debt then I
shall undertake a quest to find magic
boots of sneaking and bring them to you
give a bigger um you know I call on
Tharus home now I call fen den home you
can leave him at a given with my friend
Wyatt there if come upon him a man named
Lance a man named Wyatt and fen dent in
the inn he is if he's a really nice hat
I shall do this thing says they said of
course and that is going to be his
remaining life quest well you guys pack
up in the morning get your [ __ ] together
you get a goat a very fat plump goat
with two little horns and a white patch
on its nose brown fur I mean he's
probably not a very good knighting a
camper of a hog growling so there's a
sort of any other do anything though why
give us passive income for the rest of
his life
does this sorta have any other magical
properties like does it glow in the dark
or anything like that or yeah nope
double champion John charge that's it
gotcha and then is it made of steel or
normal it is made of steel okay good
point are we making our way back towards
the mountains we have to stop by
Hillsboro so I can see the lady at the
sorcerer thing gotcha
so we're gonna we're gonna go up the
road to Hillsboro yep should we stop
there first yeah it's a two-day journey
to Hillsboro the if you tell the Grays
that you're headed here they will give
you a wagon or you know have you take
their wagon to Hillsboro cutting it down
by a day of travel oh how much yes oh
sorry how much money did we get from all
of our alright for selling the yeah
seven hundred and sixty gold pieces
yeah that's 190 for each of us yeah and
then is it possible in the future are
you able to reforge magical weapons or
no no hmm so oh I took 100 of those
rations and cut put them on our W
perfect and you're only taking one of
the donkeys right
we had Dominique from last time okay so
you already have a donkey perfect yeah
all right super Ivan Hillsboro that
evening shot the magic shop is closed so
we'll just skip to the next morning les
there's something you really wanted to
do here hit down and you guys can arrive
at scarlet sorcery
the next morning I'll be like hello um
hello we are here in search of spells I
hear that you have heard of us coming
before you've been tailed she looks at
the stack of mail in front of her and
quickly flips through it and opens one
thing and reads it and goes yes yes I
have been it's just the letter just
arrived today oh very good very good
you must be the gnome in question who
saved my cousin I know I'm just one
other the rest of my party also joined
it on the fun but yes I helped the day
be one well I think we both know the
wizard is the true
a good party and the true source of
control
ah I see I find you well you understand
the way of the spells hmm
what can I do for you enlightened one
jailed kind of hops up and down he's
he's pretty excited I I had hoped that
we would have a conversation about some
spells you see I am trying to improve my
knowledge of the circles particularly of
the 3rd and 2nd I hope that this will it
when our party gets into a fight you
know the wizard must be powerful and and
with great might and so I was wondering
what you think well if we could have a
conversation or perhaps there's some
things to trade or mayhaps you you have
been told something by the ennoble about
me arriving here only that you have done
our family well and that i should reward
you as i see fit
ah very good well I can already tell
that you are a wizard of some rapport
and you understand our ways so I'd be
honored to trust you and whatever you
find worthy of and before you are worthy
of that praise as I said before the
greatest source of power on a
battlefield is the spellcaster and
because of that I find the most valuable
spell one ought to own is that of
counterspell always kid ory this gnome
never hits any of his spells what is she
talking about you get hit like 1 or 2 um
a counter spell that may find me well
could you pray tell tell me how it works
for I have never heard of this of this
this magic and its perks
well you see you attempt to interrupt a
creature in the process of casting the
spell if the creature is casting a spell
of third circle or lower its spell fails
and has no effect if it's casting a
spell of the 4th sir
or higher you must make you must contest
your will to that of the recipient and
on a success the creatures spell fails
with no effect
mmm I have a question does he is he
gonna have to do this before like they
cast the spell now
so for no billing it's a reaction you
take when someone cast a spell you can
show he'll know like they're doing
fireball and then you can just know
he'll know they're casting a spell oh
but he doesn't know which spell it is
right it doesn't matter though cuz we
just can't it's it's it was we just
cancel it right so yes it's it it's an
insanely good spell do it not cast
shitty spells to like get someone else
to cancel theirs and then cast buddy
that's some crazy meta you'd have to
know that the enemy has a counter spell
that's some big brains like hey just
yeah that's some big brain stuff hmm
well this powder that the the counter
spell sounds quite good I would trust
your judgement and learn it if I would
she will hand you over spell book and
say that she will put you up in a guest
room for the time that you need to learn
the spell great and then can I work with
her also to see if there's anything she
wants to trade from her second and third
level circle spell she wants anything in
mind that we could trade straight across
yeah absolutely
give me a charisma check here gnome and
maybe a persuasion check is there
something some sort of like how will how
well you come off to this person yeah
let me try to are Pia - um so because
maybe they'll give me a bonus on my
normally terrible roles um hmm just let
me hang on a sec sure
well you're going that let's flip over
to the rest of the party oh do you not
need that much time I do a little bit on
TIA okay so Midori you've got this goat
now and last night we didn't talk about
it but you said you wanted with the
sacrifice ago yeah and I go to like a
clearing outside of town somewhere by
myself and need the go yeah you leave
the party behind you can find a clearing
outside
the hills it looks like maybe it was
once an old amphitheater or something
like a place where they might have had
plays but it's been abandoned and lines
completely empty
I'm gonna way to go down very calmly I'm
gonna like pet it a little bit you know
nose oh let me share it's calm and you
make you lay down and then I look up to
the sky and say oh great goddess I have
killed and slain and laid to rest many
creatures in my journey so far but to
strengthen my devotion and prove I am
still dedicated to your cause
I offer this innocent being and then
very swiftly I will slash its neck with
my sword and let the blood drip down the
amphitheater wherever I am fantastic
maker said the name and the goddess
quavo varasi please try mr. Mouton snap
oh all right you slip the groats goat's
throat and you can feel thee we want to
call this the the magic of you're gonna
shifting you feel your right way feel
your face begins to kind of sag a little
bit and wither just just slightly and
you feel the the arms start to bulge and
tighten your thighs become hard like
steel for a moment and you are stats
have shifted further ok imadori you now
have your charisma has dropped down to
ten your strength is up at seventeen
your goddess has given you some dark
powers indeed
what would we notice that she's looking
less you would notice that her face yeah
like you know her cheeks are a little
bit tighter but maybe a little bit
thinner a little bit looser so that's
subtle yeah it's a subtle shift in her
mostly you notice that Midori is like
buff now like toned buff I have a bit of
blood on me still well look up at the
sky and I give this really wide wide
smile I don't say anything just like
offering like being sinner me your
goddess appreciates your efforts I'm
gonna wipe my sword before heading back
to the party I can I think I'm ready to
talk to a sorcerer
let's talk to the source real quick but
your goddess isn't done with you yet
midoriya source for time um I just
didn't say Lee I have to say wonderful
mage your knowledge spans further than
your on your young age you know much of
the arcane ways and we could speak of
the spells and learn together this day
for I think you know what spells are
best then perhaps as we trade we could
tweak it as we talk we could trade other
tea raids off about others about we've
mistreated by the rest well I don't
think I've been mistreated but I could
see how one of your stature might have
been let us trade and you still want to
check yes nice Wow Oh perfect
I was gonna give you advantage on the
role for your eloquent speech but that
is let's see what you have here Gerald
because I think you got some good stuff
she looks through your spell picks out
all of your illusion things as
interesting to her because she's never
dabbled an illusion before it doesn't
seem to run in her family and none of
them
her parents you know always frowned upon
that sort of thing in her aunts and
uncles frown on that sort of thing so
she never got involved but now looking
at your spells well maybe I'll pick up
that silent image maybe I'll pick up
that is that your only no visibility's
an illusion spell mmhmm yeah I show her
some funny illusions too like a couple
of kin trips and stuff I kind of like
talked to her about it she will offer
you dragon's breath which is a
second-level spell yeah and she will
offer you locate objects locate objects
this their little spell yeah I'll take
up yeah sure
cool no that is three four five six
seven days of rest to learn those three
new spells okay well I'm just gonna
learn a counter spell for now and the
time that the parties brisket and Midori
is sacrificing the ghost and stuff okay
all the others am I able to is there a
temple of F right here
that is a great question I want to get a
God seeing midori being so happy with
her goddess
I want a God and I want a God that'll
inspire me to do cooler [ __ ] and it
seems like ephra is my type of God yeah
that was pretty I'm sorry it was located
optic tan what and Dragon's Breath
uh-huh
all right
ephra the goddess of art and inspiration
she just wants to inspire people to do
cooler [ __ ] that's kind of her jam she
fell in love with her Luna the goddess
of passion and high spirits and that
sort of stuff and their unpredictability
sort of spilled over in Efrat causing
her to slip into fickle moods which is
why people sometimes have creative
blocks and you know artistic problems it
seems okay yeah
so what do you know how are you going to
get a god I'm gonna go in to get a god
calm no um I just seeing Midori go and
be so devout to her new God and house
she seems happier and I've seen that
through her actions and stuff and now
she's like even going out on secret
ritual missions with her gun so seeing
Midori is a lot more powerful than she
used to be I am beginning to think like
hey maybe having a God wouldn't be so
bad and maybe it's time to try f4 out F
it all right why don't you think for a
moment well I talked with Midori about
how you want to appeal and appease to
ephra Midori as you look up to the sky
and the blood is on your face and you're
beginning to walk away you feel this
sort of like it's almost that the
feeling of so like stroking the back of
your hair but like on your brain itself
and you feel your goddess sort of
speaking through you saying the time is
coming soon or I will call upon you for
a very specific task be ready
okay and then she leaves you you can
feel her presence disappear as you head
back to town and rest and recuperate mr.
moon how are you gonna appeal to efrat
the goddess of inspiration I'm gonna
sing a sea shanty to her
but captain Barbeau does that I do not
do that because I as a human don't know
any sea shanties but I know that captain
Barbeau does know a bunch of sea
shanties and I do promise that I will do
one next time when I write one up so
okay well then in lieu of you singing
the sea shanty why don't you roll me a
performance check for your first sea
shanty and what is the subject matter of
this shanty the subject matter of the
shanty is one of the ones that I used to
sing with my friends before we went and
did really cool [ __ ] adventuring so it
was one of like getting ready to like go
on a big adventure they're getting ready
sea shanty do the sheets should the sea
shanty of storms or whatever right but
does she respect the try I'm I'm a
humble man coming to her to do cooler
[ __ ] so I feel like me being this [ __ ]
she should want me to do cooler [ __ ]
maybe but you did botch it you know it's
been a long time since you've been a
pirate and I'm a reformed land for so
long now that you've sort of forgotten
you know how did how to do this sea
shanty there's a rocking and a-rolling
that's supposed to go with it to the B
the way the ship turns at that
particular moment and without the the
ship to give you sort of your your count
to your baseline you've you lose this
Chiefs Antonis oh I noticed that it
wasn't good so I will say I know that
that wasn't amazing I am actually gonna
go solo mountain trying to show you know
that I can do cool [ __ ] on my own and I
hope that this proves that I'm worthy of
you to empower me to do even cooler
stuff all right cool we will spend three
days in town while the Nome learns a new
spell anyone else have anything they
want to do here
Hillsboro is mostly populated by dwarves
I find a shovel I have a long rest so I
took half my spells right no all right
now just turning off midori using a
shield now if you rest
two more days it will have been a long
rest so is Midori using a shield yes I
am a shield and a skill mill well
because luck might have trained you to
use this great sword but you would have
to give up your shield to do it I'm not
sure if it makes sense the party's here
can I go so you can give me a little
training sessions oh I do you idea
proficiency in great weapons Oh marshal
marshal and great same-same is it the
same I see listed as two separate
proficiencies she can use it though
marshal weapons include great weapons
they're great stores yes you can use it
okay
what um wood wood gnomes believe in the
gods of the human realm all right white
like people like your pantheon like yeah
so the gods are real there is no
question to their presence because they
work magics and miracles on like a daily
basis so so different names and slightly
different personas depending on the
subculture would I know of door bath and
Guam totally you might have a different
name for them and they might be slightly
differently differently painted in your
society but it's the same deity could I
uh could I talk to one you can try they
usually don't talk to people who aren't
clerics but every now and then the gods
work miracles I guess while I'm studying
spells like I I'll all like try to talk
to one well well Lucas is getting ready
to go probably commit suicide uh can I
like talk to one maybe just say
anything's yeah well give me your
you're speaking to your didi actually
can I write something for it and then
we'll do Lucas's thing now because I
think I want to be prepared yeah
definitely all right is there a poison
shop here
poisons are not generally sold in the
open especially ones that might be
useful in a situation you've got a road
all pesticides oh wait not gently still
not open so I'm like a road can I go and
find the depths and find some [ __ ] yeah
you can head down to the water district
the dock district over here in
Hillsborough because that is always
where the sketchiest [ __ ] goes down
always always you look around and find
some chums that are hanging out leaning
against a pole in the middle of the day
clearly I should say clearly but you
would know from your pirate days they
are watching a ship from a distance and
keeping a close eye on it there either
scoping it out to rob it or they are
actively protecting it from people who
might [ __ ] it up but like they're
keeping their distance cuz they're like
low-key watching it either way these two
are up to no good
um I'll go up to them in a like a nice
manner and at like um kind of jokingly
nice like are you guys on protection
duty are you like on robben duty today
give me a charisma check or or a
persuasion check whichever one you want
most you persuasion ya did it wrong oh
yeah perfect you come off in just the
right tone that's the right level of
sort of oh my god I've had to do
protection duty so many times that they
instinctively get where you're coming
from
one of them's goes protection mm-hmm you
never know with these dwarves around
they might try and sneak underneath the
pier and steal the ship out from
underneath this yeah they were I've seen
it I I'll say a little bit of a few mean
things about some tours and shovelers
and I don't like um what sort of mean
things just mean things about doors
dwarven slurs okay I'll say
hey man you're a dwarven slur we'll call
it well just just every dwarf is a
shovel like that's like the racist thing
so like you're always like asking I'm
like hey are you a shovel er because
like they're always like jugglers so
that's like my racist dwarven slur
shoveling coal and shoveling shits what
they do best so I meant to ask you to
you I am interested in you know some
poison four of the deadliest kind
poisons of the deadliest kind you should
try my wife's cooking he'll laugh it off
but um he will get their captain Barbara
will get like pretty serious and be like
no like really like I'm trying to kill a
amount drat no [ __ ] huh
yeah well I know a guy who's got a
supply and I'll hand him like 20 gold
and be like oh well this is like for you
to introduce me to your guy you said the
magic words took him right out of my
mouth Billy you got this and he leaves
Billy and we'll take you kind of down
the docks in a little bit into like some
weird alleyway and then there's like a
cellar door that he opens and heads down
and it's super [ __ ] sketchy and
there's nobody in this alleyway
and he might be trying to murder you
once you go down into here or this might
be a place where they sell poison um I
mean he seemed pretty chill right like
from my I'm gonna go with him all right
cool
you walk on down and it's a a small
alchemy shop there is a gnome standing
on the counter or sitting on the counter
his eyes are milky and white and he
looks around in your direction and says
who goes there
you better come with prices in mind that
are fair I'll let his friend introduced
me I'm assuming yeah friend comes in
says uh this is barb Oh Little Jimmy
here wants to he's got a livestock
problem the wolves are getting his
and Little Jimmy would like some
something always principals I'll whisper
it's actually like bears
did I say wolves I meant bears large
bears mean angry bears no where there
are bears one must be where's or they'll
make you scarce ah it's a good one it's
a good one all right
bear poison huh want to drive it off and
have it never come back I want to kill
it put it down for good
that's what good mm-hmm mm-hmm
Genomes appreciate when you rhyme back
at them oh yeah man oh yeah oh yeah
the Bears keep making my sheep worse for
wears so I'm trying to get him out of my
hairs well the best thing you could be
choosing is some poison I don't want to
be losing mm-hmm
so he is going to offer you bears our
size large whoo we want something
appropriate I think we're looking for a
paralytic is what he's going to suggest
to you do you think you have a clear
shot on the bear with a bow or I was
planning on a eat it to him somehow I
was planning on matter is quite a bit
you know planning on stabbing stabbing
that's the way to go it will take some
time to take effect so you might want to
rah find a place to hide for a second
yeah for a sec hey good man my eyes are
going you know it's hard to rhyme when
you can't see yes I do know all right
he is going to offer you
some giant spider poison I like you guys
expensive but if it takes effect it's
likely to either outright paralyze the
Giant so it can't move or make the
Giants so completely like slow down and
sluggish that it'll be easy pickings to
buy it how much is it my gnome friend it
is 200 gold per dose uh sounds fair to
me how would you feel about a I'm sure
that this isn't bought often so would
you be open but it comes from giant
spiders so it's difficult to acquire
that's a fact that I have to consider
how would you feel for two for two doses
for 250 gold since then a good price but
for a bear you need three times the dose
but uh for large creatures like a bear
or a horse needs three doses a human
only needs one something larger than a
bear would need ten well it's okay wait
um I'd like to buy three but currently I
only have 250 gold would it be possible
for me to come back and after I've
turned in the giant skull the bounty to
pay you I wasn't born yesterday matey
okay sell things and take money later
what can I say he's black a derp he's
blind right Oh totally blind okay
I have copper and silver so I'd like to
mix it with the gold and sell them it
like that via the way alright so you'll
give him 250 gold well how much more you
can I give him of can I give him a
hundred fifty copper sure it's worth
noting that copper silver and gold coins
are all slightly different sizes so if
you like really feels around he'll be
able to feel that they're a mixture of
coins on the top I'll just do like all
gold so it's like make it really hard
for him to like dip down is Michael sure
so how many coins are you giving him
I'm tuner 50 golden worth mhm and then
that's probably it right because he's
not gonna be able to tell by weight
exactly how much is like what right
right so I yeah so 50 coins weighs a
pound uh-huh and if you're going to are
you just giving him two hundred and
fifty gold are you giving him like one
hundred gold one hundred silver fifty
couple day lenok 250 gold and like a
hundred silver and 150 bronze okay you
have that much on you so that is gonna
be three four five hundred coins total
so you're like emptying out bag after
bag and like you know yeah I'm packing
yourself of all this gear and spills
over the table and it starts clattering
on the ground all around him and he says
to the guy with you
is it right did he do it right and the
man looks at you with like hey should I
trust him sort of look yeah throw him
like ten gold you like hand him ten gold
that spills on the ground and he shrugs
and goes yep it's all there squared away
and fair and the gnome will hand you a
vial that has doses of poison in it you
have robbed the blind gnome okay dick
this giant spider poison so when you
inject it into the Giant in some
application it will take effect in a
dimmer phrase the giant will have to
make a saving throw if the giant fails
the saving rolls a 15 or lower on it he
is going to be paralyzed for up to eight
hours if he rolls between a 15 and a 25
he's slowed down for two hours and
better than a 25 he's just fine
can I run back to Gerald yeah totally
Gerald he's busy you know you could do
it I'd like to knock on do a story real
quick I'll just do my retro laughter oh
hello I owe ya
I'll explain I listen work yeah we're
pals right you and I well like you've
never like like been nice to me like
ever and I do all the stuff together so
what what about on oh yeah yeah yeah
okay what can I do for you
I can you make me invisible totally but
can you like um be nice to me yeah
forever
yeah endeavor cuz we're friends yeah
yeah you and Locke is being rude well
he's okay I just want people to be nice
to me I'm assured isn't he yeah
sometimes he can be LOX a bit of a [ __ ]
but sometimes he's just hard like rock
true um so I can do this but the catch
is that I can only do it for an hour I
guess we're going on an adventure you
and I yeah I swear Gerald that this
won't fail and I'll show him the vial
what's that Steve go get your chocolate
you'll be gonna shut the [ __ ] up this is
some poison and I'm gonna kill a giant
for my new god you're gonna you're I'm
you're gonna do this alone right I don't
have to go in
you just gotta invisible to me a quick
legs enough of the way I just need three
minutes of invisibility why don't we
just take the whole party there and we
could all wait outside and they're
they're busy with their things I just
need I just need to do this pretty much
on my own okay okay um yeah you can do
that don't you want to can we at least
tell them where we're going no they're
busy
oh yeah we're definitely busy - I want
to tell him we're gonna be out and I'm
findable right now we'll be gone and
back in like a day's time okay we can do
this but I have to can you wait outside
for like 10 minutes I gotta say this
thing do you think okay wait outside
all right all right can I do my I'm
gonna do a little ritual okay yeah let's
hear it all right so I'm gonna take out
my small brazier
that I learned can summon familiars yeah
and then I'm gonna light some incense
mm-hm and I'll like I'll cast
prestidigitation I get it
yep did it take inspiration if you don't
have already practicing this week thank
you and I'm gonna make it all dark and
spooky like yeah it's gonna be dark and
spooky and I'm gonna like light the
incense and just like create a few
illusions of dancing flames hail to the
god of two faces I am a small gnome from
dark underground places I seek magics
uncommon and unknown yes yes I wish for
these magics to be shown in exchange I
so spread the knowledge the values of
knowledge and wisdom spreading the way
of door bath and Guam to all kingdoms
excellent your owl reappears and you
notice it's normally it's like a nice
white owl and this time the the coloring
is a little bit gray on its feathers
it's more less snowy and more woodsy
hanging gothic it may not be a huge
change but it is something unexpected
when you raise it so I'm gonna find it
yeah okay
how does Gerald feel about this is he
disappointed and letdown or no he's
anything different as good he's excited
okay yeah you've raised yourself for
your own gray owl now and head off with
Captain Barbeau to head to rock peak to
send him in alone to kill a mountain
giant yeah okay um while we're traveling
I'm gonna see um Captain barb are ya
captain bar was right captain barb oh
you know I I always wish you well are
you sure it is a giant you want to quell
I fear that this may be a day
you're a towel don't worry my friend
I'll be well mmm well then I will do
what I can to help if you're screwed
just yell I'll see what I can do but not
much when the Giants dwell thank you my
friend
you're better than a shovel er you can
make it to the base of the mountain
later that afternoon you find nothing
along the way other than a pack of
dwarves coming back shovels over their
shoulders from some sort of coal mine
nearby I'll make a comment to the doors
no no give me perception checks as you
approach the mountain the two of you was
my eight to the passive not amazing okay
oh you're a teen passive is amazing I
keep forgetting about that I will
definitely take into account all right
lovely so you spot no creatures along
the way as you arrive at the
mountainside you take a look up and just
like the other day you see a mountain
giant high up on one of these ledges
seems to be holding with one hand on
something and kind of digging around in
the mountain with another hand you can't
really make out many more features
because he's maybe that was in feet up
or something you come along the side of
the mountain this time instead of
approaching directly and reached the
mouth of the cave
it is massive I wouldn't have wanted to
hit the campus yet with that no I don't
want to bring the gnome like okay
Reacher we just point then where you can
see the entrance if the cave yeah we're
close enough all right little buddy okay
and remember I can only keep you this
way for one hour so make sure not to
take too much time to scour they also I
have to concentrate the entire time on
the spell so while I'm walking back I
will do that pray tell are you ready yep
I touch him and cast invisibility
and I also let me just understand what
that spell does real quick cuz I have an
idea and the hell in my backpack
I can't send ya I could send them the
time see I'm gonna do it alone Noel I'm
going to cast one second this spell at
third level so that I can in visit
myself and out so I can leave safely
also okay so when you cast at third
level you and your target both become
invisible yeah yeah wait why don't you
just come with me if you're invisible
too
this is your bean sole on this right
don't you want to let your okay alright
so the whole part is here just so you
guys can also see what is going on but
it's actually just captain Barbeau
awesome and I go back to town yes mm-hmm
for some reason Locke doesn't have it's
all black see it's all block for you
table
that's weird
that change anything nope I'll buy
alright then we are going to put this
here how about that
oh hi [ __ ] I can't wreck on that okay
alright captain barb oh it's just you
you are alone at the mouth of this cave
you are also currently invisible I'm
gonna move these other guys off to the
side give you some creepy I'm about to
die music I still can't see you still
can't see no it's just like a whole big
black screen I can take a picture no I
believe you
maybe refresh your browser yep it should
be working I think roll20 sometimes just
gets a little cranky
looks like chat is not gonna have any
visuals for now wonder guys 20 year old
D 20 I owe I say no perfectly good okay
so for those of you who can't see
because the screen is black it is a wide
cave mouth maybe 50 feet across at the
arrow that I've drawn here which I think
you guys can see and it opens up and
spills in along these vectors there are
stalactites stalagmites and columns
scattered throughout as well as a rough
surface and some higher raised rocks
about I believe at the edge of your
vision you can see a single mountain
giant ice and sitting on one of these
elevated platforms there's a stick in
its lap and two rocks and it's kind of
like chiseling on the stick using these
rocks but it seems quite crude
the mountain giant is female and that's
all that's all you got for now is it
close to like nighttime no bad timing
if it was like you wouldn't be able to
see anything cuz the only light is from
what spills in through the cave do they
have like neighbors and then how would
you know I don't know I'm gonna sneak
around as slowly as I can so because I
have like a while so I feel like I can
go without like a stealth check and I'm
in business is that okay hmm okay I'd
like to sneak around the stick is
necessary for not making sound but you
will get an advantage since they're
already invisible all right yeah
okay I'm gonna roll myself check then
for it oh look at that beautiful stealth
okay I'm gonna sneak around and see if I
get some white and see if there's like
another sleeping giant does it look to
me like it ends here or is there like is
this a ending wall or is there another
room yeah you can kind of feel back in
this crevice and it only goes back maybe
to the end of that arrow that way and I
can't see anything in there
Notah unless you want to like torch
which would nonono give away your
position still sneaking around yeah he's
moving along the right edge of the wall
keeping the giant within view about 75
feet away
yep just looking around and I can't see
anything like right here right like my
vision doesn't get any better even
though he get closer no because the the
amount of light is based on what comes
into the doorway so getting closer
doesn't really change anything because
the lighting is so bad god no this giant
is a hundred feet inside the cave low
light reaches
so do I believe that I can attack with
this poison and then
yeah if you coat your weapon with all
the poison and give it like a nice good
stat or maybe even better would be to
like stab and then dump the poison in or
something like that cuz getting three
doses on a rapier is a difficult time
and I have a short sword I guess but
short sword would be easier to get it up
into a bigger surface area Oh coat the
weapon and hit the giant but if you
attack and like Miss it's sort of like
if most of it will probably get wiped
off on the Giant so you really only have
one shot at this
I kind of make sure he's a good one all
right I'd like to kind of climb up
behind him obviously I think I'm behind
him venereum front I'm in front of him
yeah it's big oh I see him I see it I'm
gonna be sneaking up all right behind
him and it's their squattin work on
loans tool it's big giant plumbers crack
is facing you so me knowing big animals
as I do you know I've seen a cow cows
don't really noticed when like flies are
like on them anything like that would it
be possible do I think that it's
possible to like do a small incision and
then like dump the poison in without him
noticing probably probably guess why
doesn't stab you true but a mosquito
does they are much smaller in relation
to a person than you are to the Giant
and they have an aseptically needle
noses all right but it reduces the
feeling
paralytics Anna I don't know I can't
remember the name all right I'm gonna
stab him with my shorts with it fully
coated with the poison okay so fully
coated the blade equated the blade okay
oh my god and I'm stabbing him and then
as soon as I step and I'm readying like
a [ __ ] - so this is a full-fledged
ambush you definitely have advantage
because they can't see you but on top of
that the Giants guard is completely down
so it's not gonna get its dex bonuses
which actually don't matter the only
thing that really has going for it is
it's thick hide so no Dex bonus is you
have advantage you also have plenty of
time to position yourself right next to
it so I will give you let's call it
double advantage I want you to roll this
attack manually I'm gonna give you the
formula for it it's gonna be 3d 2029 the
three plus is your attack plus nine yep
seriously on my short side no no because
it's plus two to hit and damage right
yep yeah okay so this is the formula
you're gonna roll without the period in
it 18 plus I'm sorry sorry yeah 18 plus
19 okay thank God 89 is a 27 you hit the
giant the poison slips into it you've
ready to - the giant lets out a a wild
roar as you become visible yeah
everything we are immediately gonna turn
on our battle music
right here go ahead and move 30 feet
away with your - zoom out you know get
the optimal positioning on my 30 feet
all right I'd like to be like right
there
and I will make the super special giant
saving throw not a regular saving fro
are you rolling it are you gonna do it
on be fine okay
yeah the rolls aren't on mechanized for
D to level 20 can you leave my character
light or a night vision you kill me -
yeah - me to see what's going on yeah
yeah you guys should have the same
vision as he does
I can't stand it from his body you might
want to refresh you guys are refreshed
I had to refresh okay I will boost the
lighting then
how's that for you all right yeah the
giant gets to roll 420 modified 20 after
all the things are considered after the
lack of the the lower dosage is taken
into effect and in running so the giant
will be slowed in five minutes if you
want set times about five minutes long
and in this situation slowed means its
speed will go to half it will lose
initiative automatically and it has
penalties of two - it's a C and to kit
and it's just sort of like so it slowed
in five minutes yeah it's a onset time
of five minutes you've got to just
survive for five minutes which is 50
rounds you can do it
[Music]
captain Barba turned into Gor mr. Putin
on character for
[Music]
wait did we all come with him to the
cave no it's just him by himself
okay it's probably not super far but I
do need to do it for myself
all right mr. Barbeau the mountain giant
will not beat you initiative all right
go for it all right I would like to I'd
like to first throw my dagger Adam
mm-hmm I'm going to throw all right I'm
gonna throw my steel dagger a deadly 11
is not gonna hit him yes okay and then
I'm gonna use my movement and a dash
with a cutting action or whatever to get
a 16 get towards the door yeah the giant
immediately picks up a rock you are 90
feet from it which puts you we're gonna
have come so first it's gonna move
towards you picks up Rock takes a few
steps towards you so it doesn't have
disadvantage on the attack and hurls a
rock at you 27 will hit you 431 damage
I'll take evasion you have it yeah how
much damage did you do with your short
sword by the way when you kid
Romeo
[Music]
okay there it is
I didn't get sneak attack as well
alright so it moves it throws the rock
at you and it's your turn again captain
barb oh one second taking 16 points of
damage
okay hey we're chillin guys I'd also
like to throw my regular dagger sure
your outlying range at this point I
believe 60 feet really yep you're at 60
feet thanks go Hicks right 22 622 60 20
x 60 short rate is long range
oh never 220 is short 26 days long
yeah can I roll my steel dagger again
second dagger yeah okay cool I don't
have a another one on the character she
being Oh unfortunately you were rolling
at disadvantage not at that advantage so
you miss wildly your dagger pings off a
rock somewhere and it's forever lost
inside the mountain and you uh I still
get my movement right yep oh I'd like to
use my movement go out of the cave and
one kind of like duck out of like the
room can I see the outside I guess
there's no math for the outside okay I'd
like to kind of like get so he can't
just like chuck a folder at me like
right like roll it at me right now it's
like yeah I'm gonna go 60 more feet sure
sure the giant will pick up a rock and
do a double move of a hundred and twenty
feet outside the cave and look around to
find you getting a 9 minus one on its
perception check giving it an eight on
its perception check you did go around
the corner but you didn't take the hide
action
you sort of have a decent stealth I'll
say you've popped around the corner and
it can't quite find juvie I think but it
lets out a roar of anger he's not a bit
definitely not happy it's your turn
I'd like to move my 60 and take a hide
action with my cunning action sure so
you give me your hide right yeah 17 and
then you move 60 feet if you want to
move stealth kind of to go at half speed
that's fine so you move 30 feet away
from it I'll get the giant another check
on its turn it fails by even worse it
can't find you it just starts throwing
rocks everywhere and at this point all
you got to do is remain hidden and it
won't be able to find you so I'm just
gonna assume you keep stuffing away I'm
just gonna give the giant a bunch of
checks to see if we can spot you as
you're trying to hide from it every
round it'll search and it won't find you
a minute passes giant paces back and
forth around the front of the lair
cursing shouting you don't speak giant
but you can hear a curse in any language
it's very obvious and after a few
minutes roll on you notice the giant
starts to move more slowly and this look
comes over its face of like nausea and
it starts to kind of wobble and lean
against the mountain itself to steady
itself and it looks like it's about to
puke a minute and then it does because
some pearls if a person's worth of vomit
all over the ground
so he's like outside of the cave right
yeah I'd have liked to sneak back up
onto the game sure onto the top I wanna
climb check
[Music]
like climbing a second denied by them
all right you're up above it while it's
leaning on the mountain puking its guts
out I want to jump on it and I'm gonna
attack it really hard okay give me a
roll to hit with advantage oh but I
needed it ladies and gentlemen
did the god inspire me to do that cool
[ __ ] right there do you tell me I would
say I feel pretty inspired by the God
right now so that is 26 plus 3 is 29
plus 9 is 38 damage
yeah that's 38 damage to the giant which
is like almost half of its remaining HP
the giant rears its head back on its
turn and tries to get another attack
right oh yeah get your second hand
that's right I'm gonna pray to my
goddess ephra and say got a Sephirah I'm
here to do cool [ __ ] please enable me to
do cool [ __ ] with this long when you to
is just a hit for 9 points of damage
the giant on its turn will try and smash
you with its head just kind of like
crush you at the back of his shoulders
with an unarmed strike at disadvantage
because that is not a regular attack
role 15 to hit you
nope cannot reach you like attack again
yep it's your turn 26 is a hit for 14
damage and 19 is a hit it's not quick
you know wait do I not get advantage
because I thought you said I got
advantage because he's poisoned cuz he
slowed down I know if you've got
advantage because it is you were jumping
down on it and it couldn't see you I
guess you can't see you now anyway
you're on its back that feels like an
advantage situation okay thank you for
11 points of damage here shout out of
the Colossus man am i able to take my my
sneak attack with that one instead of
the first one is that a letter no okay
that's it unless you declare you're not
using a sneak attack before you roll it
I always assume you
sneak attack on your first attack you're
right I do all right the giant is
wobbling it is barely standing it falls
to its knees and it's just gonna try and
roll over onto you
just like squish you with its back I
want you to bend easy dexterity saving
throw
it's acrobatics they cool a dexterity
saving throw the X is fine
oh my [ __ ] gun dexterous a giant
splats on its back but as it falls you
sort of like hop off it and land on the
ground nearby it rolls over gets on all
fours looks straight kind of down at you
and pukes again I'm gonna kill it and
say this is for you my goddess ephra
please take me in 17 is a hit 27 is a
hit
you bring the mountain giant down and
estab to its throat it dies I guess I
never miss huh and then I'll go back to
my party with the Giants
I'd like okay can I take a giant head
with me no it's for you can I take a
giant alright is it male giant I'd like
to take the giant stick you have one
giant dick I know I should have two
giant I'd like to take that back with me
to the party wait you separated Giants
yeah I've assumed that they can sell it
yes she has stolen the dead Giants penis
oh yeah all right all right like to
regroup all right do you make it back to
Hillsborough can I go to the bounty
office yes you can go to the sheriff's
station in town I'd like to report they
murdered a mountain giant yeah sure you
did son mm-hmm slap it onto the table
you just like flop this giant penis onto
the table and the sheriff's eyes go wide
she looks at you with disbelief and why
don't we take a break here we haven't
had a break yet and we'll come back in a
few minutes with the second half of this
challenge okay guys yeah sounds good
yeah all right let me take the whole
episode oh that's my cue to transition
direction okay i'm dr d BRB all right
we'll be back
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
you
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
hello everybody welcome back to Nome
stones and catacombs in the last part of
this episode mr. Mullin or Captain
barbells bravely slate slate sling
killed stabbed defeated a giant by
himself without the rest of the party
and now he wants extra levels and shits
even though you stumble a lot I admire
your speaking abilities considering your
English second language you know
everyone can be gallop you almost
complimented me Lily I it was flattering
do you guys ever have this problem when
you have a friend and they can never
give you a legitimate compliment like
every time they do it they like me okay
whoa what are we at right now what are
we doing mr. burns coming back to town
he's back to town he's through a baby
selling a big dick big dick I have a
song he just slapped a giant giant penis
Corey bare table Corbeau I have a
victory song let's hear it okay it's a
victory song this is submitted by my
community discord by spearmint were you
ready captain Barbeau with a knock at my
door I knew he had a surprise in store
we left for the cave and I cast
invisibility and with his strength and
super agility he stood in the shadow of
a great Colossus and proved that he was
one of the final bosses he returns to us
all unscathed with a giant [ __ ] in his
possession ready for his prey a glorious
procession
sorry Locke but fighting and gelatin
giant skeleton just don't got anything
on him
the sheriff will looks at you sees that
and says I got something better for you
we need a new head Ranger you want the
job I can't my me and my Calm comrades
of adventure in work to do I'm only in
it for the cash right now sorry this is
a path that if you do well on could lead
you to nobility I'm already a squire for
my friend of the Bonelli's you might
know who they are
oh yes the Bonelli's I'm I am his Squire
well
I guess we'll just have to give you the
cash reward then thank you they
disappear or she disappears for a little
while comes back with a heavy couple
heavy blocks of gold bullion maybe one
block 110 pound block of gold you sent a
couple I thought it might weigh more but
it's only ten pounds of gold which is
500 gold pieces still but it's in
bullion form rather than coin form
mm-hmm I'll take it and I'll say thank
you and you happen to get any of the
others
I didn't actually wait no I said okay
well what's your name my name Chad Barba
of the Barbeau clan I'll say Chad so he
can gain right mm-hmm
she sticks out her hand to shake yours
and says thank you Chad Barco of the
barbel clan Squire to the Benelli family
I'm sorry someone's had something really
fun yet
mm-hmm okay I'm good all right and you
take off yeah I'd like to go back to my
party and go up to Locke and wait what
were we doing last night just chillin
just chillin for the you're waiting for
the gnome to learn his spells I want to
speak to Midori to find out if she's
capable of handling this sword all right
come back you can clearly see my
rippling muscles and definition and
toned body underneath my cloak and dress
because they're real form-fitting right
including my legs I have stocking
fishnet stocking honestly than you mind
you and like tight boots so you can
definitely see I have gained a bit of
math and my face looks a little bit more
you know don't listen okay a legendary
swordsman great muscles do not
necessarily make mom just this does what
that was off topic I'm just letting you
know that's how I understand that's how
you look but as I just said just because
you appear stronger doesn't mean
fifteen Lankan Stephen sometimes can you
speaking a character please would you
like my character voice to be Lily tell
me I don't have any accents okay
miss Lily is that good miss Lily Midori
I can I even can't do voices if I could
I would okay okay I don't never mind
where we at just bring us in are you
giving her your I know I would like to
practice with her for a little bit to
see if she's capable of wielding it okay
so you how do you guys wanted to go
about this do you want to actually do
some roles back and forth or sure well
Barbeau is out doing his whatever his
quest for vanity which is what all of
our bows quests are yeah we can be in a
courtyard or whatever and I will be
talking to my good friend Midori sure
let's use this old map that we don't
need anymore
[Music]
and how would you like to go about this
just tack rolls back and forth holding
back damage just to see where it ends up
or what are you looking for here well
well let's we'll get into it we'll role
play our way into the scenario okay okay
um Midori what are you doing out here
are you out here praying or did we just
come out here together to hang out and
show well you called me out here right I
called you out here yeah I'm holding um
gray Bain the great sword grave and I'm
holding it in my two hands and I'm
looking at midoriya she comes out this
is a masterful blade Midori it appears
to contain exquisite power and I see
that you yourself have gone through some
changes lately I'm glad you noticed and
I know that you enjoyed carrying around
that site so much but I'd wondered if
this would be a more suitable weapon for
you to use are you offering me the sword
if you think you can use it
appropriately
yes how can we test if I can use it
appropriately one of the amazing things
apparently about this blade the owner
and for me correctly was that it gives
you the capability to charge a man and
attack him with relentless power so I'm
curious if you think you'd be able to
try doing this okay okay I hand her I
hand her gray Bain and I back up I back
up 30 feet I clutch this giant weights
on it it's not a big sweet it's just a
regular-sized soybean no it's great it's
a great sword clutch this giant sword
previously I could not have held it but
with this newfound strength surging
through me I find myself grasping a
pretty easel and I charged a block with
a attack or just pest of attack what do
I do for this that's a lot except no bro
you're a great sword I've just added an
18 will that hit you long matches beats
yes yes it does and it should do an
extra 2d6 damage so roll me to d6 Midori
it is 46 minutes yes that's how much
charge it does Oh 12 damage it's not a
great blow okay maybe you can give me
some pointers yeah
Midori I guess Midori charges attacks it
dings my armor but it's not a very it's
not a very convincing hit I back up a
little bit I'll back up like another 20
or 30 feet and in taunter and say maybe
this type of blade isn't quite for you
maybe you'd be better off with your
scythe for now or maybe killing people
in your sleep is more your style Midori
I tried her 22 which will hit for 18
points of damage
no but 18 is a much better head
okay that's a better one
so stumbling off to the side a little
bit out of breath in quite dazed I admit
to her that that was a better one I'm
still not fully convinced that she could
utilize this weapon properly though and
I and I back off and I go too into it
one more attack to see if she can do one
more I'm going to it can I like
intentionally I missed anyway 15 is 15
is amiss okay
can I smack her with a 13 there you go
whole arm comes up laps Midori in the
side both of you are a little bit
bruised a little bit winded I'm going to
breathe heavily and be like I think I'm
I think I'm done for today
okay all right I look forward to you
training with this weapon I think you
could do greater things with it than you
ever could without silly farm utensil
okay let's get them we're good okay you
can transfer it from my sheet to hers
I'm gonna run up to the dams place whoo
I got the poison from and drop them off
behind your cold and leave him a little
note that says oh and if you left him a
note he couldn't read it I know
can I am also real quick can I have her
steel oh wait she's using I'm sorry
she's not using the sight she's doing
that steel longsword yeah can I take the
steel longsword okay yeah so let's swap
that up okay like trying to walk and say
lock Midori thank you for this sword I
will put it to good use
I consider this a great valuable gift
from a viable thank you um can I stop in
no you can because when you try to
there's like a little bell attached the
top of the door and you open it
and the gnome kind of looks up in your
direction and says welcome what can I
get for you today
isn't it wonderful day hooray hooray uh
I'm just here to drop off some gold for
somebody who owes you a little bit more
Oh who owes me money who's dead is being
paid uh I wasn't actually given his name
I was just told to give it to you know
drop a hundred gold under the thing
here's a hundred gold why thank you
don't leave gift horse in the mouth or
so I've been told
have a good day young lady bye bye bye
I'm gonna leave alright cool
can I quickly run in pray to my goddess
anything happens can you give me a
little bit more than I quickly running
afraid my god I just feel like I'm
taking up so much time on the TV's oh
you're gonna keep going here prayer yeah
I mean - I'd like to go to my temple of
ephra name yep
dear My Goddess ephra I have now slain a
mountain giant just like I said I would
in single hand combat quickly and
decisively please take me into your
ranks I love you why don't you take an
inspiration I already have it well you
should use it because she's the goddess
of inspiration so hard to reward you
unless you use it I was gonna use it on
the okay I'll take it Thank You Efrem
I'll take inspiration Perfetti you
inspire me
alright so now with the gnome here did
you want to learn all of your spells
because if you rest in additional two
days beyond what it takes to run the
counterspell that's a long rest and
everyone will get back all their spell
slots I mean I assume we all want to
deck yes I am okay what did you want to
learn in addition to counterspell I
believe you gave me a located object and
dragon's breath right so each of those
will take two days you can learn one of
them or you can stay an extra two days
and get buildable locate objects it's up
to the party
if we want to stay so you learn how to
spell you learn locate objects yeah
everyone should be at full HP full hip
dice and full spells it is the next day
is going to be Friday the 7th of
December quickly I would like to go tat
um my friend Locke and tell him how my
mighty adventure is to kill a mountain
giant on my own and how when he said I
have never killed a giant on my own he
was a [ __ ] liar and wrong because I
have killed Mountain Giants and I just
did it again
lock your quests for vanity never ceased
to amaze me Captain Barbeau I would like
Midori to be in the room is Midori
Midori are you impressed that uh my
recent adventure Natori is too busy
admiring her new sword I'm going to stop
polishing my sword sit it down turn to
cut them wobbles very lightly no really
oh you slid you up he was asleep or like
what's the past tense of slain thank you
perhaps LAN have sleep I think so a
giant huh yeah I've slain a few but this
is my most recent adventure alone Oh
actually I did have Gerald's help for a
little bit he helped me um get there I'd
like to give Gerald half of the gold
widened whoa just curious
did you were not enough no I've become a
godly man now and I it was something had
to do for my god only man you you are
under a god or a goddess now yeah you
may have heard of him huh since when did
this happen just now well a few days ago
but you know you inspired me see how
much you inspired me man destruction
well just seeing how happy you were
seeing how happy you were with your God
inspired me to go find a God of my own
my God is the god of inspiration and she
allows me to do cool [ __ ] it's a little
superficial but ok that's how many by
the Nome 200 gold
thanks buddy no problem I can buy some
spells to make the party well thank you
friend not betrayed but like kind of
like maybe like slightly salty you know
bitter that he didn't invite us you know
you just took a chair doing my push bad
you know I kind of see that like Midori
is like stewing a little bit I kind of
just like I just kind of like place a
hand on her shoulder it's okay Midori
I'm sure there are more Mountain Giants
for us to slay yeah you guys would
probably need each other this light one
I'm going to keep polishing my SOI
didn't look at sorry friends I didn't
think the plan was flawed he asked me to
help him with be going on because of his
god I don't blame you Gerald you were
told to do yeah I suggest that we take
our friends he was told to do he did
what he thought was right he is a friend
yeah okay enough with this fighting
before we waste any more time perhaps we
should return to the mountains and find
this tomb Jimmy to kill another giant if
we come across more be my guest
okay can I have a favorite enemy
equipment Oh what you can pick one but
you won't get the Ranger ability of
favorite enemy um what do I do I get
anything for it then no at this point
you'd be picking a lure thing I'm not
gonna give you more thing I want chants
to be my favorite enemy all right and
why are they your favorite enemy cuz I
kill big bullies and Giants bully the
small folk like my friend Locke
and I am there for the small folk there
for small folk except dwarves alright so
time to head back to the bridge
everyone's got all their [ __ ] together
everyone's at full HP full spells you
are looking for a tomb somewhere near
the mountain you don't really know where
it's supposed to be just somewhere in
this what is this a nine by five mile
area so somewhere this is 45 square
miles
there should be a - wait that's not the
cave I don't know we don't know we
haven't been in it yeah I mean I was
there somewhere I couldn't really see
much inside of the tomb or inside of the
cave but maybe we should explore it loc
since I've already cleared it out for us
yeah we can to be fair I haven't cleared
it out all the way there probably is two
more giants but what was that you
haven't actually cleared out the cave
what you do when you were here I killed
one but I haven't killed all three come
back and practice I killed one and I
came back talk to my god that's all it
has to do every lad is giddy with
excitement when they've slain their
first giant how many slain choking :
do you want to wonder you want to try it
this time lock if you'd like me to sure
but I don't feel the need is demonstrate
lock doesn't mind helping and working
with his friends instead of leaving them
behind and going on this weird sojourn
has to prove his I'll make you a bet if
luck can kill a giant on his own I will
give you 200 gold if you can't need to
kill a giant on his own because yeah hmm
okay so you need their lock to help you
I'm gonna keep polishing my sword just
just out of it so lock for just
clarification you can't do it on your
own and you need Midori to help you
honey I can do on my own captain Barbeau
if you really want to find out who this
is a better warrior we don't have to do
this by proxy of another monster we
could simply fight ourselves I'd rather
not make a fool out of you twice that's
a wise decision we should enter the cave
and look for more Mountain Giants then
you guys can make your way back to that
same cave entrance let me roll for a
dimitra's on this day no random
encounters all right you make it back to
the cave of the Giants unlike the
previous days there is no giant up on
the top climbing the mountain the corpse
of the slain giant is moved
gone although there is a red rusty spot
on the ground where it once lay the
party can approach the cave
give me a stealth check everyone in the
party can I have jailed in my backpack
I'm in the backpack
yes do I have to use inspiration before
I roll yes you have to declare weight
you [ __ ] up we're good all right how
um so when we talk about rolls to hit in
a scenario like this let's say for
instance somebody is going to throw a
rock at somebody let's say that there is
like a leader in the party is this gonna
work like bowling balls like for
instance let's say they were old to hit
me and I dodge the attack all right were
they rolled too low to hit me does it
like go to like the side and hit a party
member or can one person to flight for
the whole party or generally attacks are
made against a specific person with no
ability to splash beyond in the case of
a rock rolling towards you I would
probably have it like make multiple
attacks everyone is lined up in a
straight line
don't Kongo so there's no way that like
one person so like if I am an adequately
armored person with a shoe well I guess
someone I'm a shield but like I would be
able to like hit a rock away or make an
attendant stop it yeah I you know what
if you wanted to say that you're gonna
brace for the attack and try and like
deflect it to the side of your conga
lined party and you have like
appropriate gear like a shield and some
armor and you know good footing I would
be willing to say that the attack will
against you means it hits to the side
that's what he be able to do with plate
armor like in his shoulder like no I
feel like you need a shield for that Oh
captain
that's good yeah alright we're
approaching the cave then yeah you made
it to the cave
captain bar go pokes his head around the
corner and it looks quiet and empty can
i Scout last time with my owl yes
there's just a new grill that you have
oh yes it's a new L it's it has a
different hunting
oh it's Alka remember you named it I
thought it was this I thought this was a
different one from the white one I'm
confused oh I'm
again it's the same owl but it changed
color oh yeah it's great
I'm not really sure why it did I'm still
figuring that out well we're gonna send
it to go see some stuff now
hmm so I'm sending the owl slowly it's
okay I know how to summon it again now I
can lock and I'd be side by side for the
walk just stand next to him I'm is also
hang on I'm gonna reposition behind this
for cover - just as I'm sitting out here
I'll say that's clever yeah I step
inside the cave and I shout out hello
and I hear an echo off the walls of the
cave and then listen for movement I
found I found a giant I'm also hiding
actually oh wait I don't have to
nevermind I'm in the backpack yeah all
right
halogen friends friends a giant is
coming a giant is coming he heard lock
it comes I ready like a dodge action as
I stand still it's coming it's yeah
alright I think about fear it's probably
within viewpoint for you guys maybe I am
yeah so the giant comes on in sees Locke
standing there weapons out and the
middle of the floor Midori behind it the
giant lets out a roar and you notice in
its hand is a bone that's been like
pleated in some sort of metal like brass
and the giant is gonna roll initiative
and try to [ __ ] you up
he may try but this is my favorite me
oh wait initiative are we supposed to be
able to see in this game a dollar okay
is it completely black for you it's not
completely black but it's kinda hard to
see yeah yeah contention is for it to be
difficult to see the giant because it's
so deep in a cave you have good better
vision yeah and no one has a light
source that's why it's difficult to see
fittings carrying light sources will fix
this process I'm an idiot [ __ ] broke
up our light source alright Midori it's
your turn you're the first one to go
what would you like to do leis guiding
bolt you curl the guiding bolt towards
the creature striking it for sixteen
damage and making the very next attack
against to have advantage any other
actions botanically can see it's on you
look it's all you at 30 feet am i within
range to make an attack doesn't look
like it I can't tell mi the the giant is
50 feet from you
yeah it's Oh like I could walk a move 30
feet but I won't be able to make an
attack right correct yeah okay so I will
move yeah oh yeah I guess I'll move
forward a few steps and I will die I
will take a dodge here I guess all right
Gerald
let me read a spell it takes two seconds
hang on what did we agree on for dodge
last time what happens when you take a
direction do they just get disciplined
yeah but you don't lose your reaction
right right I am going to cast ah
Gerald not the backpack wizard better
than Giants and overgrown lizards strong
as magic strong in spells strong and
seducing girls as well I'm gonna cast uh
enlarge reduce I'm going to attempt to
reduce the giant I got to do within 30
feet to cast it I'm going to enlarge
lock okay and we talked about this last
time and I've made its change on the
ruling you do indeed get greater
movement speed when you are enlarged
that's only fair yeah you also speed
addition rules you also did give him a
little bit more of a attack range
correct because he's got a helper yeah
we extended it was like 5 or 10 G yeah
yep
so casting and large on on a lock and
then I'm also going to hop out of the
backpack for now and I cover all righty
captain Barbeau I'm gonna send somebody
I'm sneaking and hiding again can I hide
up to like a next point and see if I get
behind him yeah your last stealth check
was 182 which is pretty freakin good
yeah I'm still gonna ask for another
stealth check because you're like
backlit by all the stuff and the Giants
looking in your direct I'm gonna use
inspiration you too
there you go I'm gonna do a stealth
check - get over - mm-hmm
using a run my cunning action - - and
then I'm gonna ready an attack okay go
for it
oh crap okay so you run - and hide and
move across the area you're definitely
invisible for a moment but these rocks
over here you won't tumble behind and
skitter along the floor and the Giants
not sure where over here you are be
giants turn it approaches lock which
triggers lock stack which 1911 13 do I
get a bonus plus 4 or whatever or is it
one d4 because my plus 417 damage
wonderful and the giant comes to a dead
stop from Sentinel right yep
it's attack range with its great Club is
only ten feet so it can't hit you with
its weapon so I guess it picks up a rock
and is gonna chuck it at you instead
with disadvantage because you are
dodging yu-san thanks 28:23 and you only
take 28 damage oh thanks okay beginning
of the next round you hear cries from
deeper within the cave like we're gonna
be here yeah it's like a large creature
but not as big as the the Giants and you
can hear one of them coming towards you
Midori it's your turn I'm right I'm
about the table 40 feet up thirty thirty
feeling thirty feet all right charge or
no is it yes okay I'd like to do that
all right
Midori charges the giant with her great
sword in hand
give me an attack role you know also use
my there's a proc twice
the mail time you can use an ability so
yes you can use your channel divinity to
work it but you can only use it once
okay I'll just use on once and I just
press that go you being twice then right
for I haven't I just press it once it
shut roll everything great 23 will hit
for wow that charging damage was bare
minimum for 15 plus your channel
divinity which is 5 plus twice your
cleric leveled your level 5 so 10 15 +
15 is 30 damage so you guys half into
the giant who is now a half HP lock
I'm gonna use my I'll do assist blocks
the attack here
wait for me getting advantage yes all
right
I will take a swing at it then 11 points
of damage plus a 1 D for take a second
swing is that one going to hit no are
you allowed to tell me what its thing is
Jesus okay is 11 enough no okay hold
that missed okay so that's my two
attacks I'll do a polearm master here 16
with 6 do I get and then I get another
one day four on that yes
adding one damage and then is my second
wind a bonus action okay
I'm going to pop my action search here
then and then action search was does
that give me
man I should know this is this give me a
double attacker just a single attack
okay gotcha all right then I will action
surge and I will go for two more attacks
this is gonna be eight but I'm going to
add a trip attack to that so I'm gonna
add this damage to it which is one more
also
1.d4 please and then another 1d for
Jesus so many ones and then one final
attack yeah my head I'm going to a I'm
gonna add one more I'm gonna add one
more superiority die for a trip attack
so I'm gonna add six more to that and to
D for Lord another one D for and then
another one day for boredom another one
Jesus okay Christ don't know if you
can't rip it because it's so big isn't
he the same size of the giant he is
large the China's huge
the Sargon is large or smaller okay so
if it's one size larger than you that's
fine it will have to make a strength
saving throw let's see what it does
strength check 9 is a failed the giant
falls flat on its ass as its ankles are
pulled out from underneath it cutting
deeply into them that's the end of your
turn I believe Gerald hmm I cast ol the
dead on the Giant there we go it fails
and takes 13 points of damage killing
the Giant
wow I count something hold on Mike its
face like turns like black the necrotic
damage of tolling the dead just like as
the monster pitifully slumps to the
ground I shout over at captain barb oh
wow you really killed one of these on
your own color me impressed a very
sarcastic tone you're looking a little
worse for wear their lock death I was
looking way better when I came back down
we can't all sneak around in the night
like pirates what I'm not locked barb oh
I'm sorry okay um do I see the young
Janet at all I'm gonna send the out for
scout oh good call um a small giant
approaches from where can you a little
bit ahead just to the right okay barb oh
how much you light up a torch I don't
want to light up a torch right now I
need both my hands I'm gonna sneak add
30 feet maybe look that do you need a
sneak attack variceal I go ahead and I
make me a stealth roll as you walk
closer to these Giants perfect it's a
wonderful stealth
move up to 30 feet there you go and I
guess I'm gonna there
if you're moving stuff so you gotta go
at half speed so you're all to stay here
ready action yeah perfect and then um
it'll be of my bonus action to do the -
and I'll ready a attack rating takes
your action so what is it ii - my bonus
action because of cunning so but if you
want to still jack as well that's going
to take your bonus action okay stealth
is suppose got it okay yeah it's a bonus
section for you cuz your robe I'll just
hang out the smaller giant will get
closer and it will pick up a spear a
regular sized sphere that it has lying
around and chuck it at you or mo with
because it did see you yeah
21 to hit for 13 points of damage I'll
take half Midori it's your turn charge
can I charge again you can charge again
you will actually get all the way to the
young giant make me an attack roll 23 is
a hit for again not the greatest all the
damage rolls but one day one day Midori
let's tame nothing Chloe trying a young
Janet
[ __ ] oh I didn't know if he's still
talking I can't see anything guys I'm I
stepped forward and I um it's just right
in front of you
just go straight I can barely see it I
guess like swinging my spear over
Midori's head I think I'm in range to
hit that right within 15 feet yeah
you're within range it's getting dark in
here though it's getting hard to see but
you will still hit the giant well above
Midori I'm gonna go ahead and try to
roll how much light does it have left
I'm gonna go ahead and shut it oh wait
hold on is this is the owl still helping
you right now or no sorry the owl is
helping you on one attack per round yes
on one attack per round I can only do
want to - okay gotcha I'm going to go
ahead and throw a trip on here as well
to try to trip him so can he make a
saving throw against me right now
someone's never gonna advantage of my
next attack
no it falls to the ground completely pro
okay then I believe I get advantage on
this attack so seventeen damage yeah and
then I'm gonna roll one d4 twice or to
d4 because I'm right yep so that's six
more oh my god so close but not quite
hope I have my bonus attack for that and
then seven more damage that will do it
that'll bring this Johnny down Gerald
piece into this Tran
what so this throat okay I got it I can
see it I'm gonna move here and I am
going to no I don't think I can do this
meme I'm gonna cast
magic missile at level two on the giant
roll me some damage that would be 5d for
pull right or 444 plus four but it's an
extra dart right so it's 3 d 4 plus 3
and then additional so 44 plus 4
yep okay so I'm gonna like ways my
finger tips in like a series of small
darts explode into spikes of magical
course and slam into it you strike it
for 13 the young Giants turn comes up it
stumbles into the light slightly wounded
sees its dead family members gives a
shreeka to cry and steps within rock
blocks range
I'm gonna take my attack of thing at it
move 10 not quite enough and then the
giant will use its club to bash Midori
in the head for 13 damage it cries barb
oh I want to run up to the giant I'm
gonna attack him
perfect
alright tag on the short story don't get
it you'll get four nine and twelve know
just nine damage right
nine plus twelve because I get the sneak
attack right what are you fighting
anybody he's not what I fly with anybody
else right Midori
yeah he's within five of Midori does it
there's no heat I don't know buddy or
just none of his and 25 is also a hint
for 12 easy no Midori it is your turn
you guys are hacking through these
giants at an unbelievable rate tonight
charge again from this distance you need
no you need more space in this to charge
we agreed I think it was 20 feet so if
something was 10 feet away from you you
would have the movement to back up 10
and then charge 20 but otherwise no no
it's not quite enough you swing those
two-handed sword at Cleaves right near
the giant cutting some of the chin hairs
off of it locks turn rolls around if I
move over here am I getting an attack of
opportunity or no it's outside of your
reach or you're outside of its reach
presently I'm talking I don't attack of
opportunity um am I getting a flank with
Captain Barbeau or no no you would have
to be who's like a flank to me is there
am i on top of something here I'm
stumbling okay can I like just step on
to it how raised is it since I'm
enlarged is it like five feet or is it
like yeah I moved to the side then and
the dark very hard to see and I take a
swing and I think it's so hard to see
that that natural one becomes a new
attack against wait hold on but because
it's a flank I'm getting advantage on
this attack right but you're not
flanking remember cuz you didn't
it's the bird right am I am I not wait
did I not move captain Barbara's not on
the other side of the bird the bird
would have the will to - oh yeah the
bird is helping against a giant if I
said help oh no no way am I not on the
flanking side with Captain Barbara over
though you're no can I move it slightly
more than is that okay
the birds helping you oh well I'm
doesn't matter okay I mean I'm taking
another attack so I mean be hunted baby
boy
the 22 is a kit 414 mm-hmm and then you
can move a few more feet to be in
flanking which is fine twelve will hit
for seven plus another 1d for my master
seven plus another one d4 all right the
young giant falls to the ground dead and
as the body hits the floor you can hear
nothing else going on in this cavern
just dead silence
I'm just for you tragus sneak attack
works if I have an ally within five feet
of me or if I have no enemies are no
other enemies within five feet right
that's the normal sneak attack rule got
it got it yep yeah after pulling my
after pulling my sphere out of the out
of the chest cavity of this now deceased
troll I shout over to captain Bravo do
you need some alone time to add to your
collection I chuckle and her chuckle
echoes throughout the cave enveloping
the body of captain Barbeau your
cheerleaders here locked because if not
then you wouldn't get any laughs okay
boy laughs echo throughout the cavern
does anyone in here have a torch
perchance although I'm gonna take my
second wind real quick now - now that
I'm out of combat I should be able to
use that freely yes how is that I am
building the pile of Bones that's in the
back of this thing you've got to finish
setting it up sorry okay it's fine but
it's fine you see it anyway it's there
it's a pile of bones it's a pile of
bones on top of which is a pile of bones
of a giant snake friends very far into
the cave is some bones it doesn't seem
like there's anything else down here I'm
not too sure but there's some strange
bones over there let's go
it hasn't been real lighting that torch
yeah spear and lighted I have a Ken
trick for that all right captain barber
lights a torch she's one of his swords
this is why that shorts or it's so handy
because now you can have a torch and
still make two attacks in around oh yeah
brother I mean how long is in large
again 10 minutes
yeah minute one minute okay guys so I'm
pretty much
why are you glad to have a normal-sized
dick [ __ ] got them throw them up
every
[Laughter]
what at my yield a sneak Oh James yeah
it is a very large snake under which our
bones of giants including some very
fresh bones of giants that still have
little bits of flesh attached to them
there's my killer these are it's just
the bones of the snake right are you
sure I killed this to lock yeah give me
a perception check Midori why I'm gonna
go back to the exit and ritual alarm I
have 18 passive perceptions sure you're
positive it's just a giant snake with
that perception check a hundred percent
positive just a dead snake nothing else
going on here whatsoever I guess I say
anything you guys see snake bones too I
see everything and then once I'm done
with that I'm gonna go back and I'm
gonna do ritual detect magic on this
pile of Bones okay nothing wrong with
these bones luck I killed the sink when
I killed the giant must have forgot
about it I do so many heroic things here
now for some reason I have a feeling
that if you killed anything you wouldn't
let anybody not know about it you said
the giant bones seemed fresh right yeah
what there's under the snake are many
giant skeletons many many many giant
skeletons it looks like dozens and at a
population of like five ish giants in
this cave this must represent many
generations of giants dead here Giants
look a little fresh but this it might
attack magic come up painting Midori it
that there's no magic here that giant
that's fresh nice job they brought it
back in the cave oh can I run some kind
of like history religion check to figure
out if there's any meaning to this
absolutely but give me a history check
mr. gnome
I've killed millions you have killed
many Giants now know your history check
tells you quite a bit
Giants are sort of the bane of nomes
existence because they can accidentally
step on your people and just kill them
it's a slight problem yes definitely had
to learn quite a lot about them to sit
not be underfoot this is nothing you've
heard about Giants normally don't keep
their dead packed away like this usually
they have like a separate giant
graveyard and their numbers are usually
quite small they have small family
groups so what you're looking at here is
probably all the Giants that have lived
in this cave in the past 500 years or so
stacked back here what the giant snake
is you have no idea now with the 12
units this is weird the giant snake is
definitely out of character you don't
know anything about this region but
there's no lore tying snakes and Giants
together anywhere to be found so
whatever's going on here is something
unique to this region Midori maybe you
could ask your God since it is a goddess
of death also can Midori like my idea
[Music]
rocks help thank you I second I second
you should ask your God because this is
dealing with death about something like
this she ignored me well you've done a
lot of good things for your God now
though right
but like the gods of this world they
they answer their servants so perhaps
you could perhaps she seems something
she is particularly observant asking her
I step in front of Midori listen the
relationship a person has with their
deity is very personal you guys can't
pressure somebody into this if they're
not willing to do it yeah yeah Oh white
knighting her again also can you return
me to normal size suscribe oh you're
ruining my immersion right now so sorry
thank you
could we ever let Midori speak for
yourself why do you always interject I
can speak for myself just fine captain
barbels get him maybe then Locke should
stop interrupting you could we search
through the bones mm-hmm yeah what can
we see you see the corpses of maybe 15
Giants buried under here any valuables
or anything like that
nothing on these ones know they've been
stripped of flesh completely the
freshest giant here the one on the top
just underneath the snake it still has
little bits of flesh attached to it and
knowing that Captain Barbossa killed
this thing like three days ago that
means the other Giants must have like
skinned it and removed all of the flesh
and guts and everything and then tucked
it underneath this giant snake well what
happened to the meat this is some
definitely some kind of evil scheme I
don't know maybe the cannibal eyes
didn't there's some information to gleam
this is not what it seems but I suspect
this is something that could wipe our
whole team so we think the snake has
been eating Giants or snake is the snake
is dead my my ability if it was gonna
come alive it would have some kind of
magic and I didn't detect anything that
tragic so its purpose I know not how old
is the snake on top of the giant here a
long time and we said there were a bunch
of giant gnome corpses or not I'm sorry
they're a bunch of corpses underneath
the snake giant corpses all Giants red
giants I don't eat the snake is the
snake broken at all or is it like
completely like all together whole it is
completely together whole which I'd like
to break a piece of it you sure yeah
okay
you go up to the snake and you break it
off with a weapon or just your hand hey
if someone coming in there's someone
coming okay who is it I don't know what
at around the corner is a dwarf
and it sees you and gives a bit of ash
wave and blue hello hey sit Doris hello
hello are you safe safe we are who goes
there
my god oh thank god Oh the Giants must
be gone can I get out this 50 no holy
[ __ ] I've been trapped back here for
days oh my god get me out of here where
is it where is he where is this sound
coming from the dory yeah it came from
deeper within the cave to the left of
where you guys were standing oh uh hello
in there dwarf what is your occupation
I showed it I should have very disgusted
look at captain Barbeau Torf what brings
you here how long have you been here oh
my god I've been here like days I
haven't been outside they captured me
and a bunch of my friends and they were
eating us they were just like dipping Oh
slow down slow down slow down who is
they
you were captured by Giants yeah Giants
are any of your their friends here you
survived alone well they were they were
grabbing my friends and I ran deeper
inside and they just laughed at me and I
I found a little crevice that they
couldn't get in and I've been waiting
back there starving
hoping that they will eventually all
leave but they never all left and now
you're here where are you guys where you
guys from Hillsboro
I see why were you out here we're miners
the the underground type after the youth
type with a picker a shovel I shoot
another disgusted look at captain
Barbara anyway we were we're mining
sapphires near the Sapphire mine and the
Giants just came well up the net and
grabbed a whole bunch of us and took off
do you know what's going out this and
I'll point to this name corpse do you
know anything about the skeleton it
shakes its head anyway they came up to a
ball they were feasting and and touched
it on the head and sort of stroked the
head very gently and said some weird
things I don't speak giant do any of you
speak giant
no we don't I can if I need to you
didn't see that giant pile of bones that
resembles a snake move or anything no no
but they they would stroke it lovingly
and then and then they fed things to it
little bits of meat and a thumb eat it
no they just put it in the bones mouth
in its bones do anything lock let's
break it later it was gone hmm if we
break it that we're not gonna make it
that thing's gonna do something crazy
it's not some crazy thing can I go into
this cave and pick up like part of a cut
the arm off of one of those child trolls
or child Giants and then bring it up
here and place it in the head of the
snake yeah you place it in the mouth of
the snake and initially at least nothing
happens it just sort of rests there pet
the head go for it be my guest captain
Barbra you're up there putting in things
and all right I step for it and I pet
the head of the snake you stroke it
lovingly and the snake doesn't really
respond and the dwarf looks at you like
I don't I don't know what's going on
break it break the spine why would we
break the snake we have no idea what it
does or what it's for there's no magic
that no Marty said that ah just speak
yeah but I suspect something different I
can't detect the magic but it might be
something of the dead so I made a tea to
my power it's time to use your knowledge
if you can your the quirk of death is
going to describe what you want to sense
like what is your
how would you sense something something
about this is very unsettling like I
don't feel like it's completely dead
dead I don't know because
but um is it possible for me to do that
in character or yeah absolutely
I just wanted to give you I want you to
give me some flavor text on how a Midori
tries to reach out and send something
other than the five senses give me like
the minute let me think that okay okay I
sat down kind of with my back to this
wall here taking a breath watching a
snake and watching Midori to see what
shakes head I'm going to class the
snakes the bony head and both my hands
and I'm gonna stare into its abyss of
eyes and I'm going to can I is it
possible to like kind of pray to my god
or if there's anything she can tell me
about this I'm gonna hold close watch
over the dwarf so as you're holding the
snake's head and staring into its eyes
you feel a sort of like a coldness
emanating from it not like a temperature
drop in the room but you know when
you're cold to the point that your bones
are actually freezing and if you go back
into a warm room your skin's fine but
your bones are still cold if that's sort
of like internal freezing cold and as
you pray to your God in your mind you
can feel that there is a connection
between this snake and the spirit plane
we're gonna talk a little bit for a
moment about the different planes of
existence one of them is the spiritual
plane also notice the negative energy
plane and that is sort of like an
intangible other area that you can't
really access but it's sort of draws
lifeforce from the existing area through
the ethereal plane most of your
characters have no idea about any of
this stuff but you would know that this
connection to the negative energy plane
or the spiritual plane is usually found
among undead that's where they sort of
draw their life from somehow it's like a
twisted form of life or spiritual energy
is attached to things that shouldn't it
shouldn't be attached to anymore and
usually they are not usually sometimes
they will drain energy from the present
world through the ethereal plane into
the negative energy plane so some sort
of life drain or aging effects come
through this often and there's something
here about this snake attached to that
plane okay um I let go of the snake's
head I take a step back and I turn to my
party very solemnly I I'm not sure we
want to be here right now
why what's wrong Midori I learned
something very negative very bad about
this maybe he might know something quite
explain do you think he might know
something about what we seek the
Philosopher's Stone or whatever it is
we're looking for if you want to gamble
on that that's fine
but I'm just warning you out of the
kindness of my heart this doesn't seem
very safe if it's this time at this time
Midori
look at Captain Barbossa wanting you
come on step forward I'll throw a rock
at it well real quick have we searched
the rest of this cave to see if anything
of importance is in here
you haven't searched the area of the
dwarf was hiding okay let's go search
through this yeah what there's nothing
back there you go back and check it out
the dwarf has just been hiding in this
crevice you said that then the rest of
you said that giant was carrying like a
bone plated with something are these
weapons that are too big for us to
ordinarily use definitely it's like a
large creature plated if you want before
Barbeau if you're gonna break something
on that which i think is gonna do
something horrible I can create the tiny
hut we can all sit inside it you can run
back in it and we can sit there and
figure out what to do if this thing goes
crazy how about are we able to take a
short rest first inside your Hut you can
do an accelerated rest right I can at
great cost as level 3 spell
yeah baby but the hut costs nothing if
we wait eight hours and I don't think
anything's gonna come and I can alarm
everything yeah do you want to do that
can we take a short rest inside your Hut
for eight hours coming yeah sure do you
want to do the thing where I throw the
thing and then running the huh no no no
no less press press so we're all no not
yet we are first we rest then I can
create another head he can throw the
rock yeah let's do okay boy do i alarm
everything everything everything
everything if you want me to if you
suspect an encounter then I could I'll
specify of it do you suspect an
encounter I always suspected encounter
with you so at some point I want you to
come up with a standard alarm everything
mechanic that you can devise on your own
that will give you a sense of security
because right now alarm everything is
really vague and we're not bothering to
take I can do it now yeah do you know
how you hit yeah I mean I played a live
level 23 and and in gray Hawks I can
totally tell you how I do it like the do
you want a list like later or is that
you're saying yeah because each alarm
spell that you cast as a ritual it's
gonna take 10 minutes 10 minutes yeah 30
alarm spells that's three no I'm not
realistically I'd be like it'd be like
so like three to four okay
well place alarms at the entrances yeah
so you want to put them or whatever on
the floor on the ceiling of the
entrances to one on the dragon and then
one in the in the Stark in the middle of
the cave at the choke point into this
into this area so it would be right here
okay so one alarm there one minutes on
the snake yeah
two at the entrance of the cave on both
on top in the ceiling and then and then
I will create the hut in this area where
I'm out with everybody in it perfect
okay everyone crawls on into the hut the
dwarf looks around in there too
in here what the hell's going on I
thought I was going home you're not for
this is my tiny height you are safe
little nut don't ask
what women night it's calling the show
some guy seems kind of tickled like
pleasantly surprised that you called him
a nut and comes over and sits next to
you while you chant your spell excitedly
welcome home cuz I like all attention
your spell goes off you guys can rest in
the tiny Hut and sleep once you put out
your torch light it is easy to fall
asleep in the Giants cave oh I give the
I'm gonna give the dwarf a little bit of
food too when he sat next to me and all
cast prestidigitation nope wrong press
did too did too ticket prestidigitation
prestidigitation okay okay let's go okay
and I'm gonna make the food like into
like a nice like steak for him because
he's probably really hungry after so
long oh my god I haven't eaten anything
and I don't even even know how long it's
delicious tell me how do you feel about
potatoes oh I have some of those right
here
I happen to have them near and then I I
pull out another raishin and I cast
another spell like behind my back and
Tripp and I and it's a potato I had it
too ah the dwarf looks around for some
fire only we could bake it you you don't
happen to have a portable magical oven
with you do you ah we make ah well with
the power of my fingers a good a good
flame shall linger and I can trip a
little like bolt of fire and we hold the
potato up to the both of my fingertips
all right you guys bake the potato the
dwarf has never been happier and the
night passes without a problem
your alarm spells do not go off you guys
wake up eight hours later feeling
refreshed having expended hit dice as
needed and the snake is still here but
the arm is no longer in its mouth it's
gone can I do you want me to do it and
create another hut first yes oh yeah
wait what does the hut help us do again
it's totally makes us totally immune to
all attacks until you leave it when you
say all those attacks what kind of
attacks name one well I get calling
something forward from another dimension
are we really confident that your hut is
going to be able to protect us yep it'll
do it no matter what
but once the hut is gone I can't protect
us so that's the that's the okay yeah if
you want to go for it
okay I'm in a ritual cast another hut
that we sit inside right up here put
everybody getting hot all right from the
hut before we close the door can I throw
a big rock and attempt to break a piece
[Music]
we just get the hut to the proper size
20 feet across it's just about right you
can't throw stuff outside the hut I
believe I I don't think that works well
you have to be inside the hut when and
just cast yeah so you all got to be here
cool so did I mean one person has to
stay outside the hut the entire time
room he's he's got to leave the hut and
then he he goes out he can come back
into the hut but he just can't throw it
from the hut shut up because this is
like a dimensional space it's an inner
dimension am I wrong on that can you
throw outside I think you can actually
do objects within the dome when you cast
it can move through it freely so I feel
like if there's something inside the hut
upon casting it can be launched outward
yeah I agree
yeah it's hella dumb yeah I think maybe
massive force would probably break the
hut you know a man this very large force
weight
I mean that this but the thing is the
hut says it's specifically like another
dimensional space so it's it's it's
invulnerable doesn't say other
dimensional space um somewhere it says
something really crazy about it like
it's like completely invulnerable when I
say in a mobile dome of force
I just think okay for example the only
reason I'm putting a caveat on this as
otherwise sieges would become let's
build a trebuchet and cast tiny cut over
it and then just like fire from
impossible to hit situations yeah but
see this is not sort of yeah some sort
of like counter play so if like a giant
steps on or a dragon lands on it it
might like fizzle the magic somehow for
it won't come into play in this
encounter probably most likely so there
is an encounter yeah so the the reason
why so this is a I don't want to break
your campaign cuz I agree with you but
the but when you're using force
like the at using wall force the fifth
level spell is probably the best way to
determine this and the rule is there
nothing can physically pass through is
immune to all damage and can't be
dispelled by the spell magic
disintegrate wall despot destroys it
instantly so the counter is disintegrate
yeah okay yeah so you're all in the hut
and then captain Barbeau casually throws
a rock at the the giant snake yeah roll
to hit what do you want it with short
turn doesn't matter yeah you throw a
rock and you break off many bones on the
snake did I break the head no you you
aimed right here right the snake cast
disintegrator the snake doesn't move Oh
Oh happens it just remains let's get the
[ __ ] out of here then well I feel like
there's got to be some puzzle or
something to do with this snake that we
haven't figured out I mean the food the
food disappeared oh there you go what so
walk walks out of the hut after the ribs
get broken goes like right up to the
head while he's talking to you guys and
the snake's head pops up and goes to
bite and that's where we end this week's
session of when we come back next week
wait roll to his first know why boo I'm
your master for this campaign can i
order you to do this no locks gonna be
rolling a new character ladies and
gentlemen next week God what are you
gonna play Steve tell us I'll play some
he related to you I'll play your older
brother that used to harass you and
bully you when you were a kid that's
what I'll do and then I'll come out with
the real Captain Barbossa story he
wasn't actually some pirate sailor
whatever he was actually a guy that got
bullied out of his own crew by his older
brother when he failed to perform some
very basic pirate esque tasks and then
everybody laughed him out and he ran
away and now his older brothers hurt his
heard of his adventures on they came to
check up on him that's fine I actually I
hope I die now I want to
roll this character okay okay
well I weed yeah do you want to that's
it for gnomes Thomson catacombs today
everybody tune in next week where we
will probably be a lily peaches Channel
I believe thrilling conclusion of the
mountain giant cave yep and then mr.
Burton what do you get if you want to
see a top eight in the world
Doh doh-doh chess-player go to twitch TV
so I wasn't at sixteen that guy in chat
said no that guy's so dumb it stopped a
I got eighth place Ivete Hoffa she was
nine I'm a-okay in the world come check
it out twitch TV and then Malik's here
um I'm Alexia let's uh hey everyone I
hope you enjoyed the show that's the end
of episode 11 you know I'm Alexia
twitch.tv slash smile ixia is my space
I'm doing the post D&D after-show at my
place so come to my channel and let's
talk about the game we'll all see you
next week for more the same Lily Petrie
where can people find your stuff do you
have a like a YouTube or anything any
YouTube as well right twitch.tv slash
Lilly peach it okay cool
well I'm destiny by my merchandise
destiny our GG sigh shirt if you guys
are interested here we go
I also draw and play piano on my stream
so come to me I'm a kid wait show me a
new shirt Steve I'm sure they don't do
yeah I don't have that oh I could put on
screen now I guess okay and then yeah
you guys notify me I'm a destiny GG oh
my should say and then koyu and if you
want to play with me check out my
patreon there's a tear for a game that
we have on Saturdays that's open to once
your next broadcast at event
like what show you don't next tomorrow
morning at 10 a.m. Pacific time is
dicing with death where our hero it's a
single-player game is building an undead
army and trying to conquer gay dia which
is an island to the north where the
players are right now he has
successfully raised I think something
like 50 skeletons and as
currently seeking a castle with a small
number of them and you're in York so
you're damming a single-player campaign
yeah we play off and on so I'll play
until his character dies and then he'll
DM and I'll play until my character dies
we've been doing this for like twenty
years and then we just started streaming
it oh that's amazing
cool Brad to come kill him so you can
play what level is he's gonna undead
army though so what are you gonna do
about it and then real quick right just
a question are we allowed to multi-class
on this campaign oh yeah you are
okay interesting gotcha okay wait we
hopefully should be back here is it not
to tell me okay
thanks a lot guys you actually bought
our web don't start saying I live like
six or seven years okay wait how's this
Instagram does that more followers than
mine yet how many Instagram Twitter
followers and Steve huh how many
Instagram followers does your dog have
now 69 thousand that's busted what's
this section thanks miss Snapple bigger
influencer than me man feels bad man
okay it's been fun I love you guys we're
gonna cut on out of here we will catch
you guys next week I'll see you all for
the post show too
yep by saying I said it right
