hey hallo hallo hey man how you doing
hey pretty good how you doing good you
can hear me okay yeah loud and clear
excellent same fright uh how's your day
been
Oh week or whatever okay yeah I mean I
woke up a little bit ago so my days just
starting excellent cool um see ya the
reason I just you know I've called you
today is to have a quick chat bout
sargon of akkad because you've had far
more interaction with him than I have so
yeah I guess they're reminders we
discussed this on the email I'm
streaming this so don't say anything
like personal for whatever yeah yeah do
you and a producer real quick just so
people know who you are and what's going
okay hi guys I am Dave Aubrey I am a in
quotes journalist in the UK by saying
it's cuz I mainly do video game
journalism which is sort of questionable
compared to politics but yeah what do
you are who do you work for or what do
you normally write for I write for a
variety of like gaming sites like WCF
Tech and Pocket Gamer calm but I have
done writing for a whole bunch of
different websites and I wanted to sort
of branch out into different things
which is why I'm asking you do this
interview with me gotcha
okay cool um so yeah I guess the first
question I want to ask you was like
sargon of akkad like rose to fame slash
prominence
we have gamergate do you feel like do
you feel like gamergate was a political
movement or was turned into a political
movement
um yeah I would say so yeah definitely
yeah mm-hmm is that like do you think it
was co-opted or do you think it was
started out that way um I feel like um
it's hard to say so when I say political
I think it started out that way but like
the politics would be described like
most succinctly as anti sjw does that
mean anything to you if I say that yeah
yeah yeah so that's kind of what I feel
like maybe maybe it like the very first
day gamergate started it wasn't like
that but very very quickly I think
that's the bent that kinda
went on like an auntie SJW auntie
political correctness kind of movement
mmm do you think that's do you think
they was looking at and it's and that
was the intent from the beginning or do
you feel like there was quickly people
that moved into sort of like sway its
awards like that political reactionary
movement I mean people have argued about
this for since the beginning of the
movement i I don't have like a strong
position on this I do think that there
were legitimate grievances that like
gamergate addressed initially now some
people will disagree that and say that
it was always started off with like bad
intentions but I mean at the very least
I think a statement that everyone can
agree on is there are people that
thought that it started with good
intentions and there at the very
beginning there were people that were
involved that had somewhat good
intentions but it went bad like very
quickly yeah mm-hmm it make sense how do
you think the the debate between like
right and left politics has evolved
online since then like it within like
gaming circles or just like in general
both I kind of feel like there's like a
pretty pretty big overlap between the
two frankly wow this is so hard to do
without polling data cause it's really
gonna depend like what part of the
internet you're on for how you're gonna
feel like politics goes to make it so so
could we know it sounds like YouTube
them yeah but even in that people it's
gonna depend on what worked a few tube
you're on yeah it seems like the section
it's like very heavily sectioned off
this is an argument I actually have this
argument with star gun of akkad I think
a few weeks ago on whether or not
YouTube was more left-leaning or
right-leaning it seems like there is a
very strong right leaning presence on
YouTube other people argue that YouTube
is a much more stronger left-leaning
platform but those people will count
like YouTube channels like Jimmy Kimmel
and they'll say like oh well that's a
left-leaning channel so I you know
whether or not it's more left-leaning or
right-leaning it seems like it really
depends on one congrats you've row feels
like nineteen circles it feels like it
has a right-leaning Bend I think I don't
know that's because of the demographics
because it tends to be like white
straight men and those are probably a
higher chance of being right leaning
than more women centric audiences are
minorities hendrik audiences but yeah
yeah yeah that makes sense
[Music]
I mean you debate with a lot of like
right-wing figures how do you feel like
things have changed in the last like
five or so years online I mean like like
I said I feel like the 90s JW pesticide
or rhetoric as rose to prominence but do
you feel like that has changed the way
you've had to interact with people can
you phrase it in another way what do you
mean like I'm always terrible at
phrasing myself yeah like I basically I
think that [ __ ] gamergate and [ __ ]
made things slightly more toxic when it
comes to discussing politics online
whether that's on YouTube or Twitter or
at cetera et cetera and as you're
someone who regularly actually converses
with these people I wanna know if you've
seen like patterns in the way people
approach these arguments or the way
you've had to approach these arguments
yourself in order to make people
understand I don't know if I would say
it's made things more toxic I mean it's
just kind of the way Internet discourse
is always like super hyperbolic and
people get like really crazy about
things but I don't I don't know if it
necessarily made it any worse than it
already was it's not like the internet
was like a shining beacon of political
discourse and then gamergate came along
and ruined it you know yeah yeah
absolutely
yeah that's true and so moving on to
like Carl himself
Sargon whatever you wanna [ __ ] call
him like yeah again you're one of those
people who interacted with him more than
most like what the hell are is politics
I think his politics can best be
described as like anti sjw I think that
pretty much defines like his entire
thought process but is that even a
political stance is that just just is it
just being a reactionary and saying you
hate everything that seems politically
correct
pretty much we call them conservatives
but yeah they don't like to be called
that
so yeah like so Sargon in the UK you
probably heard as Ben is a candidate to
be a member of European Parliament for
the UK independence pay which is
basically right-wing fascist pay
politics blah blah blah like does it
surprise you seeing him move into that
party I mean that really no I mean no
seems like a good fit for him yeah makes
a lot of sense I guess the next question
is like now we've got Sargon in that
party and as well as well as count
angular another streamer type who got in
trouble for like I know you talked to
him as well unfortunately yeah oh really
damn you've done it all yeah so like
yeah when I when I I'm seeing these
gamergate style figures into actual
actual politics and I just I need
someone to clear this up for me it's
like do you feel that this is something
that's been a long time coming or trying
to become popular I don't know yeah I
mean so something that's been a long
time coming is like we always joked
about it but eventually there's gonna be
a president that had like you know an
Xbox Live account or something I mean
it's always kind of like this
intersection it's been a long time
coming you know gaming was a lot more
popular or gaming is like a newer thing
and as we get older we're gonna start
seeing older people that were involved
in gaming communities and some of these
people might even become political so
yeah I mean I would say it's probably
been inevitable yeah fair enough
where do you feel like misogyny comes
into the politics of Sargon and count
what's his name I think thank you I
think a lot of people are just kind of
dumb I don't think that they like hate
women intentionally almost thing that
people say a lot of things that are
really dumb because I haven't really
thought about the issues much like for
instance I wouldn't say Sargon of Akkad
is
but he thinks it like the way for black
people in the u.s. to solve all their
problems if they all just get married
with each other but it'll fix everything
like it's it's one of those things where
like people aren't usually like overtly
racist or sexist they're just kind of
dumb or uninformed and that seems to be
where a lot of the gamergate people fall
yeah okay so I mean I went onto Sargon's
channel the other day and I just decided
to go way back and look at this oldest
remaining videos and they are all
feminist frequency Anita sarkeesian
[ __ ] Zoe Quinn you know just game gay
obsessive shite and from my eye there's
like a general curve from this gamergate
obsessed [ __ ] to becoming an actual in
quotes political voice oh yeah sorry
what were you gonna say I also like
conservative men yeah yeah yeah yeah so
deep has that do you feel like there's
been that curve for a lot of YouTube or
do you feel like that's just something
I'm looking into too much that there's
been like a soft curve to move from like
gaming to politics or I guess that's one
way to put it yeah yeah I mean it I mean
it yeah I would say so I mean so what
exactly is your question if it's if
that's like an inevitability or not an
inevitability but do you feel like the
social circles that some gamers might
sort of like put themselves in online
might lead them down this pipeline right
oh yeah yeah yeah for sure like I think
that gaming was like gaming was kind of
like a safe space for I guess you could
say like white men later like white
straight men it was kind of like a safe
space for them and then as media has
kind of become more progressive I mean
you see this happen a lot in Hollywood
and then it's been happening at
videogames I guess those groups start to
feel threatened or attacked and then
they kind of lash out by becoming
reactionaries mm-hmm yeah yeah yeah I
guess that makes sense so like what is
what is the end game for reactionaries
like what what are they heading towards
do they know
you know I don't think they've thought
it through very much push back against
whatever the leading conservative voices
are saying although they won't ever
outright say that so maybe a push back
against like postmodern cultural Marxism
or whatever Jordan peterson says I guess
yeah Jesus Christ Jordan P ISM you know
that makes a lot of sense I have some
more questions I'm sorry I'm just gonna
quickly look at my documents yeah
do you feel like there are any other
like voices online which are leading
people to become more conservative in
gaming Spears are just in general in
yeah both yeah of course yeah there's
tons of people online that are pushing
away conservative rhetoric and any any
would be that you'd point to I mean
anybody on YouTube I mean ben shapiro
does it steven crowder does it that mark
Dice guy does it they're doing a fire
alarm test in my apartment still sorry
yeah the mark Dice guy does it lawrence
southern does it sargon of akkad
stefan molyneux i mean any of the any of
like the youtubes conservative people
are all trying to push people in the
direction Jordan Peterson mm-hmm I mean
whenever I hear a lot of these names
like it frustrates me how often I hear
them being brought up alongside like
gamers or some sort of gaming thing like
like I didn't even know who's Stefan
Molyneux was until it was like oh my god
PewDiePie follows in [ __ ] whatever
reason not sure I like that I know I
kill I keep feeling like gaming culture
is becoming more entrenched with
conservatism it's like is that is that
something that's becoming a real problem
do you think or am I just again looking
into that too much no I think it's a
pretty big problem I think it's pretty
dumb but I mean like yeah I mean
basically there's just a ton of anti hqw
reactionaries and let's just kind of how
they define themselves like yeah I guess
my next question is like do you think
anything can be done to stop that or
yeah manigott sky and I try to I mean
having people that kind of speak on the
other side and kind of give voice to
some more reasonable arguments well
everybody else is just being reactionary
I think it's pretty healthy to do yeah
and this is one of the reasons I wanna
talk to you because I feel like you're
one of a few voices on YouTube that like
really has these discussions and yeah do
you so you feel like debating these
people actually bringing their views the
forefront II feel like this is gonna
help stem the tirade of stupid people
being conservatives yeah I think it does
I think I think I've learned quite a few
away from it and I hope to continue to
do so yeah I think there's I think it's
effective to have these types of
conversations era totally show that
people know love can have these types of
conversations I think is really
important is there any other people on
YouTube that you think could also be
doing a similar job or a better job or
like again in engaging and converting I
suppose um the people that I talk to are
absolutely [ __ ] crazy I don't
advocate for anybody to do what I do I
used to yeah but the people are
legitimately like insane so I mean I
like to do what I do and then other
people have their place you know people
like counterpoints you know they do
their thing in terms of like spreading
like information and whatnot in a really
useful way so yeah I think that people
should just do whatever they feel like
their best yeah absolutely make sense do
you feel like the has to be any sort of
change in the way that the left and the
right debates or interact online like
personally in my opinion I would say
that the left needs to become more
proactive when it comes to mmm debating
like you are but I I see so many amazing
atheist types that want to debate online
like debate me cook and you're one of
the few people that actually do do you
feel like more people that should be too
taking after you to sort of like now
like I said like I never have a gate for
people to do what I do just because the
people that I interact with are so crazy
I don't necessarily think that people
have to do like the things that I do
yeah yeah I wouldn't say people have to
so even though they don't have to is
like is that gonna like give too much
leeway to the right wing's who are more
than happy to debate every half informed
person I mean yeah it does but I mean
again it's it's a lot to take on so I
feel uncomfortable like saddling people
with that burden like Oh what you need
to engage in debates with people that
will try to Docs you and kill you and
like crazy [ __ ] like that you know
okay does that happen a lot
it's just yesterday and today yes it's
bad um you know it makes a lot sense
sorry so you said you spoke to countdown
killer how long it was that I think like
a year ago and like is he like a
politically engaged individual honestly
I haven't looked into it my dad as much
as our guy knows ya know okay so what do
you think he's in you keep for is he
just I don't give me the reactionaries
whatever like is SJW they want to do the
opposite it's kind of like a rebellious
teenager mm-hmm and what do you think of
this from the side of you kip do you
feel like this is a right-wing party
trying to get the game a vote or
something I have no idea what you kept
is doing I really don't know enough
about your politics I mean I saw a
conversation with one of the it was
between Sargon of Akkad and one of the
was at one of the you Kipp leaders or
one of the party leaders where he was
basically telling start going like why
the [ __ ] did you even join our party if
you don't want to do anything I have no
idea what you're what you Kipp is doing
the way that I hear described in people
might try to sing it now is that you Kip
is kind of an irrelevant slash dead
party and they're just kind of doing
whatever they can to like kind of hold
on to some popularity right now I don't
know if that's true but that's fair so I
was I was talking a [ __ ] philosophy
Club a few weeks back about it was
shortly before the Jordan Pearson
debated about [ __ ] philosophy and
right on left online debates and [ __ ]
and I actually mentioned your stream as
being a good place for less informed
people or people who haven't made up
their minds help them to
see which figures they want to engage
with politically online and I actually
mentioned your chat as being a really
big plus points and I say that in a
weird way because like like you said
this auntie SJW thing is just like oh I
hate political correctness and [ __ ]
not much else and I feel like your chats
doesn't give a [ __ ] about that sort of
thing we are well we've Pepe the Frog
and stuff being prominent it's all it's
it's that throwback to 4chan and not
being politically correct still sorry
I'm trying to [ __ ] phrase myself
properly the ICL are Pepe is in the chat
basically people were trying to say that
political correctness puts people off
left-wing politics so I don't want to be
politically correct so it's like somehow
I mean I think it's more like the
problem is like political correctness
without like a good explanation I think
is a big problem like I don't think
there's anything wrong with being like
politically correct you just have to
have like a good rationale for why you
are which is something that I think a
lot of left-leaning people seem to be
like really not like unwilling to
describe like you know like I like I'm
in favor generally of whatever you would
call like politically correct but I'm
never gonna call it political
correctness and I generally like
describe it in a way that most people
can understand and I think what usually
helps mmm-hmm yeah yeah that makes a lot
sense yeah um sorry one more
so do you feel like there are any like
halfway houses do you feel as any ways
we can introduce more agreeable
right-leaning people into the leftist
space and make them realize that it's
not all about a bunch of [ __ ] PC
wanks or whatever how do we make leftism
left politics attractive um I mean I'd
argue people like me do a good job of
doing it I mean having gay like come
across as like fairly edgy but like can
still put forth like reasonable
left-leaning mmm yeah arguments I think
it's like really good do you feel like
edginess helps yeah for sure I think
people like edgy people it's and it
seems like the the right kind of had
like a monopoly on like edgy people so
it's probably good to have someone the
last yeah I think I think that's what I
was trying to get up a forward with with
your Chan the Pepe thing with like
having something less politically
correct something less seemingly strict
is a good way to introduce people to it
okay I think I've covered all all of the
bases and I can't really think of much
else and I'm Way too anxious being on
the stream but thank you so much for
talking to me I really really appreciate
it I was like if I have any follow-up
questions I might just send you a quick
message on discord but that's probably
unlikely okay yeah yeah yeah thanks so
much for giving me the time I know it
wasn't much yeah I remember thanks man I
appreciate it have a good day
Thanks
[Music]
