[ __ ] there's another thing I used to be
against but I've heard like pretty
strong arguments that like wow what uh
meme that was a really brave of him I
was really surprised that he did that oh
[ __ ] dude we're just gonna chemical bomb
the [ __ ] out of South Korea and it'll be
[ __ ] mad lolz Dawg this meme era
ended far too soon I wanted this meme to
go on for at least another week god
dammit Kyle just Kyle just I didn't know
we're [ __ ] dos keys this guy oh yeah
Canada test what is your stance on
abortion pro life pro probably
pro-choice how important is this to you
this is a pretty important thing he is
for the legalization of same-sex
marriage yeah of course should the
government continue to fund Planned
Parenthood absolutely how should you
always click show more questions should
gay couples of the same adoption rights
as straight couples yea absolutely
should marital rape be classified and
punished as it really is non marital
rape well can you really have yeah what
are other stances oh oh [ __ ]
pro-choice I'm providing birth control
sex education or social help reduce the
number of abortions well they even have
the Omni liberal platform on here that's
amazing
health insurance routers be required to
offer free birth control require it
sounds weird
is it free if you've already paid for
the health insurance oh [ __ ] I think my
answer is no on this [ __ ] what did I
read yesterday I read a pretty
compelling argument for the idea who
Sony linked me some [ __ ] it was on moral
hazard and it had to do with insurance
companies and they and that it's
probably not a good idea to provide
insurance with zero deductibles and zero
copay that it creates like some weird
[ __ ] that happens to be do that oh yeah
this is a jump you might have hosted it
what I had a lack insurance plans where
people just increase their use yeah
where people increase their consumption
drive up the prices for every yeah
without necessarily needing to and
apparently there was some empirical data
where that was true where they did like
a big study on Americans and the level
of insurance afforded to them and that
people that had like more free [ __ ]
available to them did increase their
consumption but the healthcare outcomes
didn't really show that they needed to
that would be related to free birth
control though I probably just say yes
on those [ __ ]
health care demand is for the most part
elastic yeah that's another thing I led
to many people walk over me on but yeah
that does seem to be true that the
demand for a lot of different types of
health care is quite elastic now for
something like maybe insulin or
chemotherapy that's not necessarily true
but should the president be able to
authorize military force things are kind
of out congressional approval
[ __ ] that [ __ ] she does assassinate
suspected terrorists in foreign
countries the problem is what do you
mean by suspected terrorists because
oftentimes that just includes like
people the foreign governments I don't
know like is this like would Gaddafi
fall under this I don't know or like
would saddam hussein be considered a
foreign terrorist yes but only there's
undeniable evidence are planning to like
our country sure they're gonna increase
environmental register promote climate
change
yeah but we have to make other countries
follow as well the US would draw from
the Paris climate agreement do you know
anything about the Paris climate
agreement stalled broad strokes not
really any specifics so the one of the
broad criticisms that I've heard of this
is that developing countries are held to
[ __ ] standards
I don't think of I don't think a climate
agreement is good if like India and
China can escape like most of the major
regulatory should that seems really
[ __ ] stupid why people think I
skipped questions did I
I feel like like counter to that is that
a climate Accord could push them into
adopting cleaner energies but I don't
does Elliman cycle oh maybe early on the
development cycle hypothetically down
the line mm-hmm yeah so I mean the the
big problem with adoption of clean
energy is that there's an actual like
energy caught like in terms of like you
have to burn coal or whatever other
resource to power the machines that are
building your solar panels or whatever I
think it's probably the same reason that
in no universe could human civilization
probably have gone straight to wind
turbines and just dodged coal because
how do you build those gigantic [ __ ]
metal constructs without you know energy
I'll just say this isn't that important
to me I'm not gonna click show more
questions I don't know how many [ __ ]
questions are I'm gonna go through a
million [ __ ] questions she disposable
products are just pasta cups plates and
cutlery that contain less if you
December gonna be banned sure why not if
we can like replace it sure I'm not like
huge on this I don't care that much
should the government make cuts to
public spending in order to reduce the
national debt yes austerity [ __ ] no
should the u.s. raise taxes on the ridge
probably should the government raise the
federal minimum wage probably other
stances I mean all wage standards hoof
should Internet Service Providers be
allowed to speed up access to popular
websites the pay high rate of the
expense of slowing down access to less
popular websites no [ __ ] nation should
the restrictions on the current
processing of purchasing a gun
probably you in favor of decriminalizing
drug use yes should health insurers wait
it am i misunderstanding something
states have legalized marijuana right
that is correct yes
people always say it's not legal it's
just decriminalized that's no so what
what they really mean to say is the
state legalized it the federal
government did not legalize it no no no
no that's not what I mean though the the
distinction there is between a gray and
a white market so under
decriminalization the sale of marijuana
is still generally illegal so it's just
you either have like civil penalties for
public marijuana use or something like
that and then still criminal penalties
for marijuana sale whereas under
legalization there are some sort of
there's some sort of framework set up
for legal marijuana sale and then
marijuana so decriminalize just means
there's no framework established right
so under decriminalization there are
generally no criminal penalties for
marijuana use like no one's gonna get
arrested for wait but that's not true
because a federal agent could still do
that right yeah in in the context of the
state authorities so what's the
difference can a state legalizing
something versus decriminalizing
something uh generally when I state
legalizes let let's continue use
marijuana as the example they will
create some sort of framework for legal
marijuana sales [ __ ] I know Vermont
legalized by allegis Latian in that they
probably like in the bill that did that
they probably included some sort of
regulations on the amount and the
distribution of marijuana dispensaries
as well as probably some price controls
maybe even taxes
whereas under decriminalization they
would have simply just removed criminal
penalties for marijuana possession okay
[ __ ] yeah I'm sorry this is so hard cuz
so many people in Cheddar is typing so
many things that I know are not true
so somebody is saying like decriminalize
means they won't arrest you that's not
true you can still be arrested by a
federal agent at any state that has
marijuana decriminalize
is it's not like the state's not
enforcing it a veritable view of what
that person is saying is that under
state law marijuana possession is not a
crime and the state authorities don't
enforce [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah of course
generally in a decriminalized state you
can't open up a pot store that's not
true right don't most states that have a
big criminal wait is theirs is it legal
or decriminalized in California [ __ ]
honor livin gay because I know there are
weed there are weed stores in California
and Colorado aren't those just
decriminalized States not Colorado is
the first to legalize as far as I'm
aware what is it in California it's
legalized that people in chatter saying
huh
so in every state where marijuana is
just decriminalized you're telling me
there are no stores that sell cannabis
is that true yes so in those systems
they're still like black-market drug
dealers who are breaking the law uh-huh
which it's kind of the reason that
decriminalization doesn't really make
sense as a policy because it essentially
incentivizes people to break the law and
that both I think purchasing marijuana
from a drug dealers probably still be
still illegal though that might vary by
statute and the sale of marijuana is
almost definitely still illegal under
the decriminalization gotcha
interest okay
weird welcome
yeah generally decriminalization is kind
of just a gateway to legalization I do
that in the same way that some states
will use um actually I think California
did this where they had like a really
big expensive or expansive like medical
marijuana program they used as a gateway
to legalization okay should health
insurers be allowed to deny coverage
individuals who are pre-existing
conditions [ __ ] not to the government
regulate the price of life-saving drugs
will this include things like the
government negotiating a price I have
probably I guess I'll put some what she
think I meant increased funding for
mental health research and treatment
probably you spied increasing taxes for
the rich in order to reduce interest
rates for student loans sure sure the
federal government pay for tuition at
four-year colleges and universities
share what common core national
standards yes should every
eighteen-year-old citizen be required to
provide at least one year of military
service [ __ ] no she the u.s. remain of
the UN yeah of course the u.s. 600
Syrian refugees you know of course
should police happens to be required
where body cameras do you have an
opinion on this body cameras yeah yeah
[ __ ] yeah what the [ __ ] [ __ ] Oh
oversight broadly is good I hate I feel
like I had so many I feel like all of my
opinions have become so much different
when like people email me more
information so I used to be like
staunchly in favor of body cameras and I
had two different law enforcement people
I think one was law enforcement I think
one was an attorney and they emailed me
I [ __ ] I don't think I saved these
[ __ ] emails but they linked me a
whole bunch of stuff that shows that
like setting up and establishing all of
the infrastructure required to actually
run these systems to archive the footage
to make sure that it doesn't get leaked
to make sure that it's properly tagged
and documented that like that cost is
massive for so many like smaller areas
that it's just not feasible to do it
without like raising a significant
amount of the budget of the police
department this is why you have like
grants so a lot of the times either the
state or the federal government will
step in to provide funding to these
communities and this isn't just a
problem for small communities it's a
problem for on poorest cities as well
whereas like you know the tax revenue
there is great because the majority of
the residents are poor uh-huh so to
avoid or to get body cameras they'll get
some sort of grant through either the
state or the federal government which
obviously does raise taxes because that
has to be funded somehow right and but I
wonder if maybe the cost if you have
like those cameras
I guess the interesting thing would be
is to figure out how much money do
states spend on like lawsuits related to
like unlawful police conduct and then
see if like the body cameras could
expedite those things such that they end
up paying for themselves or it goes the
other [ __ ] way and then they really
don't want it what do you mean or proves
that they actually are [ __ ] [ __ ] up
you know I mean like if it causes more
lawsuits to be successful than it's even
worse well yeah but like Oh from a
budget point of view yeah but ultimately
I mean we would consider that to be a
good thing though right yeah because
that would also disincentivize that
behavior yeah if you're more likely to
get fired and then also like suit as an
individual in your personal and
professional capacity then you're less
likely to commit police bird yeah hey
guys I'm pretty sure Ison is doing
debate coverage tonight if you want to
like a cab out or do some other equally
stupid [ __ ] commie [ __ ] on my chat
you can go and watch him get the [ __ ]
out of my chat you [ __ ] morons rage
pup you said that it costs 50 K a year
per camera to run a body cam view of a
SourceFed is that actually true I think
a lot of the costs and the stuff would
probably come from redactions like if
people wanted it obviously the [ __ ]
body camera can't cost that much and the
storage can't be that much either well
setting up the storage and the archiving
and everything is probably it would
probably oh man dude
maybe I just have to be a one-time cost
though yeah but like dude maybe this is
just my experience I got arrested in
Louisiana once steered some of these
[ __ ] courthouses are like these are
like things from like if you were to
watch a movie from like the 60s and 70s
like like ever like so much in these
places is done by hand like they pick up
a phone and I think I saw a [ __ ]
rotary phone in this in this place and
this um whatever you call the place
where the [ __ ] cops take you're not
holding or whatever but the local
whatever dude some of these places are
old as [ __ ] like they have the big-ass
[ __ ] monitors a lot of this [ __ ] is
still done like on [ __ ] paper like it
wouldn't surprise me if it would cost a
[ __ ] ton of money that's it till I get
these places actually on like some
digital like systems hold on let's talk
about the worst case scenario possible
is that every day you bought a new SDK
for your thing 32 gig SD card you can
buy them in bulk for like 5 bucks mm-hmm
so well that's not that's not that's
that's easy the recording is is trivial
the difficult part is gonna be syncing
all of that to some database and then
having that tagged or accessible in a
meaningful way so you're gonna have to
hire some full-time staff to some
full-time engineering staff to actually
administer and then monitor that thing
you'd probably need to have one no no
generally the way that I understand the
body camera recordings work is that
officers activate them when they start
speaking to sure that's how it's
supposed to go yeah yeah and then that
should get tagged through the course of
them doing whatever paperwork is
involved sure but there still has to be
somebody that runs that system you need
to have at least one IT guy that
actually there's no way that you just
like that like I would bet my life on it
there's no way you're gonna drop a
server into some [ __ ] [ __ ] ass
Alabama courthouse or or whatever Emily
oh okay hey Betty the sixty year old
woman that like files the paperwork's of
the County Clerk you can run this [ __ ]
right like just Matt just double-click
on these we need like there's no way you
have to hire at least one person to run
that system like guaranteed like or
somebody saying third party okay sure or
you'd have to pay a third party to run
it although that raises another subset
of questions maybe but there are
companies that offered as as I say yeah
yeah software was a service that could
be a way to run it as well yeah for sure
i but i'm curious reg mobile you got
that 50k per camera per year that sounds
really expensive that sounds way too
much here's a source on page 5 okay
let's get this it also lengthens the
process of trial to have to go through
hours of footage and stuff also my small
town our prosecutor does it and then 470
cases plus they bring someone on
part-time yeah but I would imagine
having footage would make the overall
cost of the trial cheaper that would be
my guess so for instance if a DA is
thinking about bringing charges against
somebody and you in you can review the
footage and then it's like okay [ __ ] it
like this case is either definitely not
gonna work or it's definitely not work
so I would hope it would either
encourage people to settle before going
to trial because they know the evidence
on some side or would cause somebody to
drop it would cause somebody to drop the
charges altogether before like wasting
the time oh he said 5k not 50k okay
five K per camera per year sounds more
reasonable
I sent remember that one third of
Americans love Christian have already
deployed BW C's is his body
something cameras could be sent
currently plans to do so we found that
large majority of departments with
meetings are happy with them more than
85% of them would recommend them to
other police agencies there's a
variation how while eg suitability B C's
in an apartment when the 40% makes quota
they've given B stuff all smart officers
but some agencies are made only a
partial deployments hi I love you the
cost of btob C's are quite low
approximately five thousand year per
less for a camera okay
the cost really because most police
affirmance either have a small number of
officers or they are partially deploying
BW cs2 some not all of their officers
PwC's costs run into the millions of
dollars in large agencies I wonder what
their overall budgets are destiny no
they'd like to charge no matter what in
order to cut deals and get fine such
court costs it doesn't matter about
camera the prosecutor will always
overcharge people even if they can't
prove anything
I'm almost 100 positive that's
completely wrong right stalled DA's have
like limited resources they're not
generally just gonna like [ __ ] throw
out a [ __ ] ton of charges against random
people like wouldn't you squander the
[ __ ] out every city budget yes so the
the counter-argument to this is that
DA's will charge people with essentially
height like a higher level crime to to
try to get them to Philly or something
I'm sure but that I but I imagine if
they're doing that is because they think
they can charge him with something that
like something will we'll stick it in
trial right yeah like um a judge
generally won't throw out like if he has
problems with or he or she has problems
with like a given chart children throw
out that charge he won't throw out the
entire sure brief yeah
what price slash budget would you think
it to be acceptable for body camera
coverage well one thing that'd be nice
is if it was if it was budget neutral or
positive so if it ended up saving more
money than it cost that would be good if
it costs more money that saves
that still doesn't necessarily make it
bad if we're actually encouraging better
cop behavior or if we're catching cops
performing in in nefarious ways so and
additionally I have to consider that if
body cameras are introduced and they
essentially make police officers behave
better that there's like an intangible
benefits there yeah yeah in the way that
that will also probably reduce crime
yeah and increase trust in cops may make
people more likely to report stuff that
there are some intangibles there as well
the only thing so like the key
communities where this is like a really
good idea places where there's a lot of
reports of cops being shitty to people
places where things have gone to trial
and there's a lot of weird [ __ ] going on
with like footage getting lost or people
making [ __ ] opera cops kind of like
covering each other like these are
places that would be like high
likelihood hopeful places were cut where
cameras would make a good impact but in
like in smaller communities where you
don't get as many complaints about cops
hassling people or whatever the cost of
these might be so high that you don't
really save much on the police
department and then um yeah I noticed
something if you're in some municipality
that has like two police officers yeah
not a huge need for body cameras for
instance yeah and someone just ask what
stops a corrupt cop from obstructing the
footage absolutely nothing there are
countless examples where the body camera
got turned off in the struggle
quote-unquote yeah that is true but two
things one they don't always get turned
off so well there's here's three cool
things one they don't always get turned
off and we've seen cops do some [ __ ]
like planting evidence or whatever or
telling somebody's gonna file some
[ __ ] charges which is cool to have
to if there is some [ __ ] going down and
a camera does get turned off and makes
the cop look a million times worse which
i think is nice because then you get
more public outcry and it's like okay
dude your camera just happen to go off
right before you executed you know this
[ __ ] guy okay I'm sure dawg
and then three body cameras help protect
good cops which is good
I remember we watched a long time ago
some girl was in the bathroom talking to
her friend and she was saying that she
was she got pulled over for a DUI and
she was telling her friend that she was
just gonna tell the judge that the cop
was like sexually harassing her and that
he was trying to rape her and the cop
caught all of that on his body camera
he's like hey calm the [ __ ] out of the
bathroom like you're [ __ ] dude which is
nice which is good so the cameras like
protect good cops they catch bad cops
and if they get shut off you know that
there's some [ __ ] happening yeah I
don't think that anything I said
contradicts I'm just so yeah oh yeah of
course you know they're just not a
perfect solution or is the perfect one
would probably be just to take away the
ability for them to turn them off but
that introduces a whole bunch of other
problems for sure oh here's another
thing footage from body cams is not
always as elucidating as one might want
yeah I heard that that NBC there was one
police shooting I don't remember where
mm-hmm but it was it was like actually
impossible to tell mm-hmm well they're
not the guy had a gun mm-hmm or I want
to say there was one thing that came out
with a [ __ ] I wish I should save these I
don't know Cooper there was one thing
that came out where the body camera
footage looked really bad from one of
the officers I don't know if it was a
guy at like a homeless guy struggling on
the ground or something it basically the
body camera footage made it look like
the dude like straight out [ __ ]
executed the guy but then when you saw
footage from another person right having
a cell phone farther away the guy with
the guy on the ground was clearly
reaching for the cops gun like he was
like multiple times like trying to get
the gun out of the cops holster and it
was like Oh way different thing like oh
okay like this is a lot different now
then then what the then what the initial
thing appeared so what are you saying
are you for it or against that then I
think I think I'm for it I'm pretty sure
I'm for it I just don't think it's quite
as clear-cut or it is like Oh every cop
in the whole country should be wearing
cameras all the times like for smaller
municipality it's gonna be a lot harder
to implement this it might be too
expensive might be unreasonably
expensive in some cases but I think for
larger police departments especially in
contested areas so like your Chicago is
your Baltimore's your DC's I probably
should these people should have the
budgets to integrate this they should be
somewhat technologically sophisticated
anyway and they probably need the
oversight as well oh yeah okay let's
finish our quiz
should please all right I'll probably
say yes convicted criminals have a right
to vote
probably yes should the government hire
private companies to run prisons is it
did this end up being a good thing or a
bad thing do you know have an opinion on
the stalled it's generally pretty bad
it's like not a lot of oversight of
private prisons which is probably my
biggest concern yeah I feel like I felt
like the worst thing about this is that
it incentivizes private prisons - yeah
it amazes arresting ya to make deals
with like the local legislators to
basically say like hey if you don't fill
our prisons we're gonna shut down and so
they have to pass some [ __ ] laws or
whatever - you should go back through
these and really determine if your most
is accurate like all of yours like half
of them are most of their very important
okay should I call it do you think it
like no college should be abolished do
you have a strong opinion on that it
should be changed I don't think it
should be abolished though because like
think of if you live in Wyoming and your
community has some problems that the
federal government could step in and
solve
why the [ __ ] would any like federal
executive care if you don't have Oh
careful alright that's my argument be
careful Judds gonna [ __ ] hate you
he's a legend but how is that different
than if you're just some like small
[ __ ] and like Western Massachusetts
that Massachusetts doesn't give a [ __ ]
about you anyways cuz they only care
about like Boston and [ __ ] it's not
really but that's a like it deals with a
different electoral system right so on
the state level you generally don't have
an electoral college or anything like
that you generally go by the state wider
which introduces its own problems
because those communities have not as
much of a voice
by the way the foreigners question our
first non-citizens I know I bet I have
[ __ ] there's another thing I used to be
against but I've heard like pretty
strong arguments that like if you live
in a community and you pay taxes in a
community and you reside in that
community and like have to do day-to-day
and everything you should have like some
voice and how should as ran if you're
paying into it even if you're an
undocumented or non citizen you know
yeah under other stances I think there's
more of haraam anyone who pays taxes
uh-huh
Oh be able to yeah sure yeah sure the
temperature should there be a temporary
ban on all am i quite she's Muslim ever
going to be bad for any other countries
like that she think I meant increased
spending on public transportation
probably car children to be vaccinated
yes
it's why these have nuclear energy yes
[ __ ] there goes Bernie she reduced be
required to label genetically engineered
foods [ __ ] that [ __ ] which party do you
most identify with progressive not
socialist Democrat oh I have to choose
one it's probably progressive 23 percent
show were held today which pretender
can't you vote for [ __ ] I think we're
worn right which call is the most
important to you in a candidate
effectiveness well in a political
candidate integrity vision is a multiple
choice by the way Oh which quality is
effectiveness is kind of important
consistency commitment leadership
ability to inspire these are important
Oh hit me with that transparency where
the [ __ ] are my White House visitor logs
what the [ __ ] did I wrote about this
[ __ ] like two and a half years ago I'm
actually sewed
okay this is good enough
come on Biden do you think citizens
don't hate taxes shouldn't be able to
vote by the same logic I don't know oh
[ __ ]
our girl cam Allah uh-oh
do you know anything I've heard that
club HR has like an insane record for
like passing legislation like proposing
and cola signing and like passing
legislation do you know anything about
her I don't really I don't know [ __ ] all
about I've just I've seen that like put
like a ton out there yeah but I would
always recommend to look at that stuff
skeptically cuz you never know how many
of those bills are like oh we renamed
this post up sure wait is there where's
progressive it's not under parties as I
guess just under Democratic oh in
compatible with the Biden were you wait
am I do I just not see him Oh 85% wait
where the [ __ ] is case that John the
hairs are you running did I miss that
maybe it's old for the last election
cycle or something
wow what a meme I'll give my I guess
I'll go over kind of my general I think
I kind of gave it before and then I
think we'll probably hop on with Packman
Bullock this guy opened stroke okay well
let's go weather with the things that we
did initially did anybody reach out to
attack Biden I didn't think anybody
would stalled said he did somebody gave
an opening press an opening statement
where he says we need to not build on
the old and start new that was kind of
Anna talking about it but I think for
the most part I think people kind of
stayed away from Biden here it felt like
it felt like people I felt like people
weren't really reaching to the Biden
think too much about like the bigger
things were the the progressive non
progressive divide it is kind of what
felt like a big thing here with de
l'année versus like Warren and Sanders
at least over the health insurance thing
that seems to be like a pretty big thing
going on I thought that Mimi installed
both thought that Warren would do better
here and that Bernie would kind of fall
a little I don't know Bernie brought a
lot of fire to this one in the first
half especially he didn't do as much in
the second half his closing statement
was pretty good I don't know if Warren
and where Bernie will significantly
change effort this is hard to say I
don't have a strong opinion on it I
thought that Pete's performance was good
he had a lot of like good one-liners and
a lot of memorable quotes I think but de
l'année had liked to stand out I think
t'lani
like whether you like him or don't like
him I I don't I don't remember anything
I don't remember [ __ ] anything from
from de l'année during the first round
of debates like at all and I definitely
know who he is now and I think a lot of
people are gonna feel it's Delaney
I'm sorry Delaney I think a lot of
people are going to know his name now a
lot of people are gonna remember him
after his performance tonight so I would
definitely say Delaney it took away the
most recognition from this tonight I
think that Pete did decently and then
between Warren Bernie I'm not sure I
don't know if either of their positions
will change much I'm do a poll before
you give your opinions I'm till he's a
tepid and packin wants to connect so I
don't have time for all that issues he
got rekt by Warren did he get rekt in
that exchange I think Warren had one
really good snap at him what was it hold
on
was one of her responses I don't think
I'm not sure how this plays when people
say um don't use Republican talking
points I don't know if that worked well
initially it felt like it was going to
but I felt like people were giving I
felt like the answer is in response to
the in response to the health care thing
was I'm not not satisfactory or I'm
sorry that the people responding about
the abolishing private health care thing
they were giving good enough arguments
said I don't think that was enough that
piece of rhetoric I think you needed a
little bit more why does someone run for
president to talk about what we can't
fight for Oh Warren snapped their to
Delaney Delaney was really good that was
a really really like really strong
really work this is one of the this is
probably one of the strongest snaps in
the whole debate if not the strongest
like one-liner in the whole debate that
and then Pete had a couple of good ones
I thought this was a pretty strong one
there are kids that are going to hit
someday we're gonna turn on the news and
somebody's gonna die in Afghanistan that
wasn't even born at 9/11 I thought that
was pretty memorable and I thought it
was a good one dr. Bernie instead
yeah Bernie's I wrote the damn bill was
probably up there too that was a really
good one Delaney responded with Social
Security didn't make pensions illegal
that was a really good response but
warrants snap was so good I don't know
if it would that if Delaney's response
there it would have landed as well I'm
not sure yeah Mary Ann Mary Ann was good
in the last half although I don't know
she's like I'm huge me I'm like a very
big meme at this place I'm not sure sell
out so many Bernie bros new Chet yeah oh
I'm sorry to be clear because a lot of
you guys get really triggered when I say
certain things i i'm not evaluate allah
saz like these are the candidates that i
like he said the thing that i like they
said something I didn't like I'm just
kind of looking at this as like how do I
think like the average viewer who's not
as plugged into political stuff is going
to listen to this and go away with it
that's that's kind of like the general
viewpoint that I take of this I know
that some of you are ultra ass pain
every single time I say like Oh Bernie
should have done this oh that was a good
response because it's like against
Berni or some [ __ ] don't give a [ __ ]
about that that's not what I'm really
looking sometimes you guys like this
[ __ ] hey I don't know if you care or not
but I don't think these nuts are
particularly good I feel like in that
exact respect your confirmation bias
played into how you perceived Delaney I
am sure you would think that rocky
Avalon because I'm pretty sure one of
like the biggest like progressive dudes
in my chat so I'm sorry Bernie did
awesome wasn't anything hey what's up my
dude arena Stephen hi David
what's happening well I just watched the
Democratic debates what are you doing
yep same thing here are you are you
streaming still yeah of course are you
are okay you know you're basically
you're always streaming unless you've
like told me you're not right yep or
unless I'm dying oh yeah oh yeah yeah
for here yeah calling you I will be
screaming at for sure listen can I tell
you how my first twitch stream went and
you tell me what you think yeah sure if
you want to go for me twenty okay so
basically I had like a sustained 800
people on the most of the time huh and I
got a hundred and 80 subscribers
actually there's like 20 more that were
just gifted so I got like 200
subscribers like is that good for a
first stream yeah it's pretty good I'd
say yeah okay and I'm being told that
subscribers don't like renew
automatically every month they need to
choose to come back and subscribe again
if they're using an Amazon Prime
subscription that is correct yeah damn
my entire business model is based on
people forgetting that they donated to
me and just not cancelling so okay what
oh yeah go ahead yeah so what are your
like what are your big you can ask
questions all those questions who do you
think would like to stand out
performance tonight what do you think
Langston I think Warren had the most
kill shots okay and I like I hate that
this format doesn't really allow for any
kind of depth so we have to be relegated
to kind of like accepting that it's
based on who can come up with these kill
shot lines and Kamala Harris had the
most notable one in the first debate
against Biden and she went up four
points I think it was Warren I think it
was then Bernie and I actually think I
made fun of her after the last debate
but I think Marianne Williamson was in
third place I'm kind of curious on how
you view this private
surance thing that was like the central
topic of the first part of the debate
what do you think yeah I don't think
that the goal I mean this is one of
those things where it's like Democratic
primary versus general election uh-huh
elimin making private insurance illegal
like outlawing it is is not a winner
for the general election even just like
on optics even if we could argue that it
makes sense and I just don't think it is
one of these debates that the Democrats
need to just stop having they need to
say nobody's making private insurance
illegal we are going to put something
forward that is going to be so much
better at such lower cost that most
people aren't going to want private
insurance but if they want it they can
keep it at whatever price private
insurance is gonna have to charge if 90%
of the country abandons it or whatever
like they just they shouldn't even fall
into this trap I felt like in the first
part of the debate I felt like Bernie
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren
we're getting pretty destroyed on the
private insurance thing I felt like
rhetorically the optics just looked
horrendous especially Delaney's assaults
on both of them were like relentless
bringing up the idea that unions are
negotiating for health care that that's
gonna be lost
I felt like Warren and Sanders didn't
have good responses to those attacks it
really did feel like a losing card there
if that's them you know what got was it
oh yeah that's the danger of like
Delaney has no shot so he just went in
swinging at any one he could and he
actually was able to deal some body
blows it was really stupid boxing
analogies and yeah I think he he I was
shocked at the amount of I think he was
even shocked at the amount of time he
got to speak and he actually did he
seemed visibly concerned about how much
time he was getting he didn't know what
to do with it but I think he actually
did okay and the his strongest moment
was probably the one you're talking
about
I I actually feel like I actually feel
like he had the standout performance
tonight not not necessarily that he's
gonna be like a the most popular person
after this debate but considering that
in the first handful of debates I'm in
the first two whatever he was on I don't
remember anything about him he was
totally lackluster whatever I still
think I don't think he has the greatest
tambour and his voice I don't know like
when I watch him I feel like I'm
watching like a presentation from like
III he just has that kind of like a
presenter voice
but man he did I like you said he did a
lot of damage and that health insurance
argument in attacking a couple of other
people and kind of establishing himself
he felt like he felt like the Biden of
this debate stage like firmly planting
himself as a strong moderate that wasn't
going to like attack people's insurance
options and somebody that would
represent like kind of the more center
leading moderate part of the Democratic
electorate that's what I really felt
like he was trying to do and I felt like
he did a good job of that and then a
couple parts of this debate my sense is
that Hickenlooper and Bullock tried to
sort of fill that Biden role as well but
they did you notice they seem to be
having some kind of weird speech
patterns at different times that would
like I actually started wondering if
there was a medical issue at one point
well oh no do you take any notes face
yeah I took I mean yeah I took notes for
tomorrow you know okay I cuz I actually
wrote I try to write down everything
that everybody's talking about I
actually wrote on closing statements for
Bullock I think he might actually have
some kind of mental problem or something
uh struggling to complete thoughts lush
sentences for the entire last two thirds
of the debate
I actually really got that I didn't get
that from Hickenlooper he just seemed a
little awkward but yeah Bullock actually
opened fairly strong or they did a
really good open estate meant I thought
he had a couple of really killer like
buzzwords that like wishlist economics I
think in another one it was like magic
economics or something um like yeah he
had a couple of like he had a couple of
really good woman is in like the first
one third and then he had this really
weird thing where he like started to
have trouble speaking it was really
strange
I don't like Hickenlooper was on that
same level I don't know I don't know
like just say it was a medical thing
because it's a really unfair but I know
it seemed like it wasn't I'm not Joe
like it was just it was so strange in
such a departure from the first part of
the debate then I don't know maybe he
the guy was tired I mean I have no idea
yeah yeah when he said oh no we need to
go back to nuclear proliferation
oh yeah hey so if you had to say like I
mean I know we have to wait and see
tomorrow but like did anyone is anyone's
performance going to move the needle in
terms of polling in any way or is it
just kind of reinforcing what's going on
now I think Delaney has to gain I think
that it
like I said you like I'm gonna hit him
or whatever I just I think he made way
more of a name for himself tonight then
he than anybody knew before this he was
I doubt moderate and then on a stage
with Bernie and Elizabeth Warren I think
he definitely set himself apart from
there and would appeal to kind of like
the people that would be more favorable
towards like a Kamala Harris or Joe
Biden type voter I think he did yeah the
thing is even if he doubles his support
he still doesn't have the donors to even
make it to debate three so it might be
one of those like too little too late
things are you um are you looking
forward to the debate stage being
thinned out between now and the
September 12th debate um I know may not
oh I am I I would say yes to you but the
problem is that right now eight people
have already qualified for the next
debate so unless they now if they would
have split it into two nights where they
do five each night then I would answer
yes but if they do just one night where
they have ten people for three hours I
don't like these debates and I don't
know what the plan is I don't know what
the plan is but it is I mean isn't it
good in either case like this has gone
on for six months now I think we're
ready to like not have 20 candidates oh
yeah I mean it's good in terms of
thinning up the field but in terms of
having a good debate anytime you put ten
people on stage this is a huge pitcher I
feel like I'm watching it like the
youtubes kill stream like some people
with a whole bunch of people who's
shouting at you I don't know it feels
like really not productive to me if they
do have ten because it looks like
they're probably gonna have I think
eight have already qualified with a
couple more I think yang is depending on
some poll or whatever based on whether
or not it gets counted but if they're
gonna have ten going into the next round
of debates if they do two nights it's
five each I would love that if they do
one out of ten it's gonna be the same
kind of whatever debates but yeah it's
always good to thin out the field for
sure the other thing is I feel like a
two and a half or two hour and 40 minute
debate is exhausting I don't I just
would love to have it be fewer
candidates shorter and just focus on one
set of issues like do an entire hour and
a half with five candidates on economic
policy and then you'll really separate
the wheat from the chaff and figure out
who is it that actually knows what
they're talking about because a lot of
these candidates can't go more than like
two talking points deep and when you
only get thirty seconds to rebut you can
slip by without really knowing anything
oh that and that was one of the things
that I noticed with uh with another
thing with Delaney bringing up the
bringing up like the TPP that was a
really brave of him I was really
surprised that he did that because Obama
did support the TPP and the TPP
probably would have done a decent set of
good things for America but not a lot of
people talk about and when he started to
dig a little bit more into that with
Warren I don't think what I think that
Warren overall came off okay just
because people have such a horrible
perception of the TPP and they didn't go
too deep into it but like when Delaney
started to dig in on Warren's plan
preventing us from trading with the UK
or the EU in some cases I think that
like a bigger discussion on policy there
would probably would have favored him
more that Elizabeth Warren and Bernie
Sanders they need to flesh out their
positions a little better they need to
be prepared for people to attack them on
private health insurance you've got to
have a better answer to that and then
same things with kind of like the
isolationist protectionist route that a
lot of these kind of populist like
Warren and Sanders want to go down
you've got to have better responses for
that when people start challenge you a
little bit more in policy I think I
don't think it's guy heard of too bad in
this debate but I think what I mean so
again I saw Delaney going pro TPP I
thought it again was him saying like I'm
polling 0.8 let me just do the opposite
of whoever I'm arguing with and just
like see what I get because what am I
gonna lose I'll be out before the next
debate anyway maybe yeah but that
conversation about like TPP would have
done some things that would leave us
better off than we are now but it also
did really horrible things like create
this like extra national or like
overarching system where transnational
corporations are not even bound by the
laws of the countries in which they
operate which is just like a complete
and total disaster like a hand out to
big corporations that means that I feel
like it's a more nuanced conversation to
have about could we achieve some of the
things that are more positive mm-hmm
without the stuff that we really don't
want but it's like you can't do that in
a debate like the one that they had
tonight there's just no time for sure I
I don't to get too deep into like the TV
especially cuz it's dead but like yeah
that a lot of the talking points of
honor that like that that the
overarching thing that would allow
corporations to sue people like outside
of like country laws and stuff right a
lot of the arguments that were put in
favor of that was that like if you're
gonna have a company in some country you
can't violate laws for people that are
part of this agreement and expect to get
away with it just because you don't
necessarily exist within the bounds of a
certain country so like if China [ __ ] I
wish I can remember more exactly but it
was like if China were to move in and
set up shop somewhere in some other
country you could actually sue China for
business practice that is doing that are
going against like the laws and
kinds of districts it was basically like
that law was put in there as a way to
kind of keep a check on China like
violating IP from other countries
basically was like the way that it was
the way that I saw it argued now of
course there's always a worry anytime
you lock corporations the ability to
suit countries but for different laws or
whatnot
but um yeah I don't know I feel like a
lot of the stuff on the TPP was
represented especially cuz the whole
reddit Drive was represented in kind of
an unfair light I'm not sure but yeah
cuz arbitration courts are pretty
standard practice even in the WTO now
like we have like external our potato
arbitration that I think it's like
pretty standard for these like
international trade deals yeah I I think
there's a we don't have to get into it
more but I think there's a debate that
they're just as problematic now for sure
okay listen here's what I want to ask
you just because again I'm completely
clueless like so my stream on YouTube
that I started uh-huh it in two minutes
got to 10,000 live viewers and then CNN
shut it down gave me a copyright strike
and I'm banned from live streaming until
October 28th now like instantly so why
is it that that like can they not shut
down a twitch stream or what I don't
even get it about that right now oh okay
the reality is that it's probably easier
to automatically DMCA somebody via
YouTube and it is for Twitter now
because twitch isn't on their radar
that'd be my guess
okay I'm really curious hey you know
what Pakman I'm gonna tell you right now
are you ready I will judge fifty dollars
to your legal fund if you go take them
to court and fight this for fair use so
that we can rebroadcast this [ __ ] okay
fifty dollars we got it okay just do it
okay yes the copyright go to court my
audience will chip in another fifty
dollars that's a hundred dollars okay I
just emailed my lawyer about that yeah
and him reading that has now cost me a
hundred dollars so we're back to zero
okay well you're gonna have to go tell
you can hop on this on stream next and
they'll raise another hundred dollars
for you see you but I think your next
email real real hard before you send it
okay let's see what else I don't know
who else kind of talking about there
there are a couple people here that
should definitely just drop out like you
shouldn't be here although I don't think
they'll make it to the next time anyway
Hickenlooper was one Oh Hickenlooper was
one of them for sure gotta go
Bullock he opened strong but man I don't
I don't know what's wrong I feel bad
bringing it up but yeah he had Tim
Ryan's gotta go yeah Ryan's gotta go
so apparently and I'm gonna admit
ignorance here apparently Amy Klobuchar
has a really good like record like
legislatively and has like a really
strong like presence and in Congress and
it's done like a lot of amazing stuff
but I don't know what it is about her
stage presence I just I don't think that
it's that good she seems like a
genuinely terrible person and I don't
know if you saw the New York Times
article and how she treats her staff
yeah
oh damn okay I don't know anything if I
said I just saw that like looking
looking at like her and the way that she
presents herself on stage it just
doesn't it just doesn't scream like
leadership material
honestly I don't he's already caught off
ID for the next debates I don't know how
they do a rook I just I don't see it I'm
not seeing it he always looks like he's
on the verge of tears when he's on stage
yeah and also he looks like he's
calculating what he should say in real
time as opposed to just like saying what
he thinks he just doesn't strike me as
super genuine yeah yeah
I don't know
so anyway I'm writing tomorrow as well
yeah of course for sure now do you
stream like what did you say when I saw
you eight hours a day um I tried to yeah
that's my goal no crazy that's just like
I don't know that's just I don't think
I'm gonna be doing that sure yeah all
right man let's you know let's check in
after tomorrow's debate maybe yeah sure
thing just spoken here okay right all
right I'll call you at some point to is
incredibly coincidental that you
released that video about fighting in
your community from the extreme left
because it is something that I am going
through in an insane fashion right now
my community we've been emailing me
about that they're like you got to talk
to destiny about this he's experiencing
the same thing we should definitely have
a conversation whether somebody this is
a very interesting we holy [ __ ] for sure
okay we're sure for sure have fun all
right man I'll see ya yep bye Amy
Klobuchar staff what is this how she
treats her staff was hungry for class
and losing patience this is real okay
what do we got tonight we've got
speaking times total minute spoken so
far Warren Sanders Buddha judge or rook
I can't even know he'd talk that much
more like Delaney
hello Bashar did you read the AFC tweet
about capital gains - eh I thought what
thought what is a wealth tax just like
if you have a certain net worth you just
to pay a tax on it every year or some
[ __ ] I have no idea it seems kind of
silly
Delanie actually was spitting some
incredibly reasonable policy positions
that I wasn't expecting either what he
brought up about capital gains I don't
think that um I don't think it's good to
talk about like the difference between
like capital gains and ordinary income
because I don't think that the average
voter doesn't know fuck-all about taxes
so I don't think it sounds good but it
he brought up like good points like um
you absolutely
capital gains it's a crime cap I don't
understand man this the only explanation
I've ever heard is well you've already
paid tax in that money because you've
earned it so if you invest you shouldn't
apiece I don't know I heard something
like that it doesn't sound like a good
thing to me capital gains is insane
in how that works Delaney is a
disgusting Neill Lib oh and I probably
would actually like him quite a lot yes
it's a tax on your net worth but it's
unconstitutional when you get income you
pay taxes on it then you pay taxes when
you put it to work yeah but what if you
earn it by just investing doesn't that
seem kind of weird
yeah Delaney actually seems like pretty
strong on policy [ __ ] I disclose my
notepad so I don't know where it went
but most of the policy positions that
Delaney brought up oh my god and then
his his talk about like isolationism was
actually like really on point as well
that how that protectionist [ __ ] from
Warren of San Jose [ __ ] hate it god I
hate it so much I probably I think I'd
probably still I still think I'm I still
think I'm for Warren over Sanders here
but um I mean I'm voting for whoever is
not Trump 100% holy [ __ ] little bill
chill marianne williamson was the most
searched-for candidate across most every
state during the first night yeah she
heard her she had really good rhetoric
in the last half
hold on saying Warren killed Delaney
with I don't understand what anybody
goes to all the trouble of running for
president in the United States just to
talk about what we really can't do and
shouldn't fight for yeah that was the
best one liner of the night for sure
Delaney's response was strong I don't
think it was
as strong as warm snap though but yeah
here is like okay so big takeaways from
tonight hold on what are our wait what
do I owe hey okay
Oh Shi this when she starts talking
numbers she needs to stop she needs to
stop doing that um do you think your
policy focus has made you bias toward
someone with nuanced policy like Delaney
compared to the general public no I'm
just looking at it well I mean like in
terms of who I like yeah of course but
I'm trying to give all my analyses from
like general people she needs to stop
bringing up numbers she's like she's
taking the wind out of her sails quite a
bit when she starts doing the like 52
cents of the eighty percent of wealth on
people that make more than ten million
dollars would blahblah like isn't that
that was not good I thought it Elizabeth
Warren when she brought up her two cents
I thought that was good I thought that
when she was like listen your first 50
million you can keep it I need two cents
of every or whatever like mathematically
she could have said it better but
rhetorically I thought it was good yeah
I'm guessing she meant like two cents
per dollar or two percent per dollar or
whatever but I don't know a two percent
wealth tax or some shame I would expect
to see tonight here I'll make an
expectation of other communities I would
expect to see anybody that is has a
progressive lien to be insanely as
pained about Delaney's performance
tonight Delaney brought up a lot of very
good challenges to the progressive side
of the argument tonight and I would
expect progressives to be insanely as
pained about it
the nixing private insurance we've
talked about so many times nixing
private insurance is not the way to go
that's not that is not gonna be the way
to go in the general oh my god I can
already see the attack ads playing like
so hard on that oh my god and Delaney's
I didn't even consider the idea that
like unions who would have spent so much
time negotiating like health packages
health insurance packages and then like
ripping that away in the form of
medicare for all even if it doesn't of
being better man that was a strong
challenge and then attacking kind of
like the isolationist policies that
Bernie Warren are advocating for we're
pretty we're pretty decent attacks to be
fair the CNN guys were really biased in
the questioning and deliberately
challenging the progressive talking
point yes they were a multiple CNN
questions here were definitely
getting that wall I mean obviously there
was what was the one do you think that
Sanders is pushing the campaign too far
to the left I was a question that they
asked it almost every person destiny
true nuclear take I get the desire to
consider the general electorate but what
do you think general Democratic primary
voter will think great stream buddy I'm
something that a lot of online
progressives don't understand is that
the general Democratic electorate is far
more moderate than the online democratic
movement um so if you go online and you
look at democratic politics online the
Democratic Party is always like a
[ __ ] stone's throw away from going
full socialist they're ready for the
[ __ ] socialist revolution they're
[ __ ] are we on
they've got [ __ ] Das Kapital in one
hand the Communist Manifesto the other
they're ready to march down the streets
and [ __ ] overthrow on behalf of the
proletariat like that's like what online
like Democrats like the real-life
Democratic Electric is like I think like
50 percent like identify themselves as
like somewhat conservative like this is
way way way way way more moderate
there's a reason why Biden pulls ahead
of every other progressive and then also
the moderates are not moderates the
independents I think obviously they're
like favor moderate democratic
candidates far more as well destiny went
until progressives see 53% of black
people are supporting Biden yeah yeah 10
% yeah [ __ ] we had the polling din on
the other day I have it right now but
I'm sorry said 10 percent of Democrat of
Democrats consider sort of conservative
40 percent of them's considers those
moderate yeah someone edited john
delaney Zwicky you versus Pepe Pepe wins
nice why do we need to give up private
insurance to get MSA Medicare for all
anyway um I'm not 100% sure but it's
kind of like it's the difference between
building on the ACA it's a difference
between building on the ACA and wiping
it away and do everything else oh my god
that was another delaney attack where he
said Democrats want to do the same thing
as Republicans which is repeal and
replace damn that was a really big hit
to the Delaney's voice is not that great
though so yeah I'm not sure I'm trying
to think of um oh man people hate him so
much okay so oh okay so let's hit let's
do my final like these are my dick
for what will happen tonight it's time
for a new trade approach oh sure I mean
Krugman is an economist right no
economist is gonna come out in favor of
a protectionist trade policy populist
Saar historically [ __ ] horrible when
it comes to a few economic things but
especially trade policy it's very
strange
okay now this is just coming back like
my opinion it's not like overall broad
opinions but like anytime you start
saying like this is how the economy
works and then you're like mad about it
was like very strange to me like like if
businesses can save money by exporting
labor to other countries they'll do it
in heartbeat yeah of course the firm's
job is to minimize costs like that's not
controversial like obviously that's what
they're gonna do nothing to do is gonna
change that save literally terrifying
every other person around the world
which is a disastrous idea right you you
have that you have to do something else
with your economy you have to make your
own economy more competitive or you've
gotta train workers in two different
jobs retraining is really hard so
investments and education are important
or you need to have some kind of repose
like a ubi or negative tax rate
something to help those people that are
gonna be out of jobs due to exportation
of supply chains but like that's yeah I
mean like just saying like firms export
supply chains because they're minimizing
costs like yeah oh [ __ ] of course they
are what why I don't understand like oh
ok ok ok ok ok
so predictions what are our takeaways
from this let me see let me see let me
see
check your Twitter for notifications to
sound replied to what oh is he mad about
my recent tweet oh is he mad about the
delay anything every progressive is
gonna be super ask me about Delaney I
already know that's true ok predictions
how will the polls how will the polls
move okay I think that Bullock will go
up significantly relative relative to
where he's at now like he's at 0.3% now
so going up to like 1% would be a
significant move for him I don't think
he's gonna like break out of like the
bottom [ __ ] tier candidate polling but I
do think that he'll gain some
recognition so I think I think he'll go
up a bit compared to relatively to where
he is I don't think it'll
enough to like save him or anything
aren't you progressive anymore I I am
very progressive socially and I am I
don't know what it means to be a
progressive economically economically a
lot like when it comes to treating you
for a while now definitely pulled me
from the right but keeping me nice and
rational still thanks bye keep it up man
on trade Bernie and Warren are just
really [ __ ] stupid it's like it's one
of those things I try to like ignore but
like Bernie has always been like just
really bad on trade and Warren teams
like she's really bad on trade - or
international trade agreements as well
but I mean that's just kind of the I
mean I just accept it as like whatever
like we'll always disagree on that
I think Bullock will rise significantly
compared to where he is now so maybe up
to like man I'm gonna kind of like
putting guesses here but this is some
[ __ ] cuz I don't really know also
like 1% maybe he'll go up - let's see
Pete I think Pete could have a slight
bump maybe we'll say we'll say 6.5
percent I don't know easily just meme
guesses bernie is terrible and on almost
everything economics related yeah maybe
I don't I don't know how I feel about I
don't think you can make every single
part of a health care system free and
I'm not sure how I feel much about free
college either we need to look more into
that study on the United Kingdom
apparently the UK reversed how they did
college and we call mayor Pete afk oh
[ __ ] off apparently the UK changed
apparently the UK changed how they do
payments for school great stream quick
question these are strategic pragmatism
not extend to Rust Belt protectionist
electorate leanings in the electoral
college oh yeah of course
protectionist ideas always sound good to
citizens because you're promising sure
that you could never [ __ ] deliver
protectionism sounds awesome we're gonna
protect manufacturing in America so that
we can save American jobs we're gonna
make stuff right here in America we're
not gonna let bucking trying to build it
for us anymore we're gonna do
here in America I've got to say it
always sounds really good but in the
realities will never [ __ ] happen you
can't do that that's never gonna [ __ ]
up people are gonna pay 20% more for a
[ __ ] car we learned that after NAFTA
the only way we could be the only way
that we could actually supply as many
cars as the American economy demanded at
the prices that they could afford was to
export those supply chains to other
countries there's 100 about this it's a
settled debate like you're always going
to be exporting these supply chains to
cheaper complicated countries if you do
manage to bring it back to America which
Trump did manage to do with some of the
industries that he try to protect if you
do manage to bring it back to America
they're just gonna fire all their work
as an automated you're never ever ever
bringing back the old Union like 60 $70
an hour
[ __ ] manufacturing job they just
those aren't going to exist anymore for
low skilled laborers if you want that
type of work you're gonna have to get a
degree you've got to get a four-year for
it those types of jobs are never going
to exist any more
will you show up at a plant every day
put doors on a car and then walk away
with your union negotiated 60 an hour
including all your benefits or whatever
[ __ ] like it's just not gonna happen
I it'd be great if there maybe was some
way to make it happen I don't have we'd
be competitive on a global level but
that's never gonna happen but
protectionist will always promise it
[Music]
coffee dusting I sent you a relevant new
you nber article on the UK Free
University show but I came out yeah it's
in my email here though I think you're
the one that emailed to meet you Destin
you switch from basing review on being
based in rhetoric to being based on
policy on a dime it's a bit confusing
sorry I'll try to be more clear what if
traditional school isn't for you then
are you just [ __ ] in America kind of
yeah there is a huge wage premium
associated beginning a college degree
the meaning earnings for a four-year
degree versus a high school labor it's
almost like [ __ ] 20 grand I mean we
can look it up actually median earnings
boost 4-year degree it's like don't you
go to like 54 or something like average
like starting the economic value of
college majors I just want like a
general what's like the G or I or K Turk
if he's in [ __ ] he might know by forcing
everyone into college you devalue to
everyone oh yeah sure reg I understand
but I'm just saying that like right now
in this economy if you want to like
boost your earnings getting a four-year
degree is like the way to go like
average salary by education level
I don't know if this is 100% accurate
average salary with a high school
diploma is thirty five thousand two
hundred fifty six dollars per year your
average salary with a bachelor degree is
fifty nine thousand per year so from
thirty five thousand to sixty thousand a
year that's a huge premium associated
with having that degree even going from
your associates to your bachelors
there's almost a 20k increase it's
insane how many years into a career is
that for I don't know this might just be
for a lifetime or like the average of
all people at that level of education
some college with no degree is the same
as an associate's oh yeah your
associates some college with Oh average
salary some college no degree is thirty
eight thousand and then your associates
is forty one thousand five hundred about
yeah there's no way you get 60 K as an
entry-level position with the bachelors
depending on your major probably not
depending on where you live I mean it'll
depend on your major and where you live
what do you think the average starting
salary of a cops I'd agree I bet it's
like around like fifty K is it really
66k that sounds really high for starting
Warren takes chair from Barney mayor
Pete stills share from Beto and Club the
last denis takes share from the rest of
the sideshow Bob's nice starting salary
in the Bay Area is 90 to 110 there is
nothing that I could care less then then
when we're talking about starting
salaries and degrees and you start
telling me what the starting salaries
are in the richest area the United
States I do not give a [ __ ] about the
starting salary of somebody in the in
their lives in [ __ ] San Francisco
cops I okay obviously not gonna be
representative meter size when the high
school feels Ann Arbor average started
selling or whatever this is average or
median I wonder if this is actually true
I feel like I have a hard time believing
that like if you lived in like the
Midwest or something if you got a cops
I'd agree if you're actually going to
start at 66 a year that seems really
high I guess it could be or this might
be weighted really heavily by people
that work in like really wealthy tech
areas I'm not I'm not 100 not sure
I started 90 in the Midwest
you got a cop's a four-year cops I'd
agree and you started at a 93 that's
insanely [ __ ] high my dude could you
link this in chat sure it's 65k for
university of ir graduates oh damn okay
maybe calm snow degrees are worth a lot
time holy [ __ ]
for years CS degree I stood at a 45 K in
the blue collar in Pennsylvania I live
in Connecticut which doesn't have super
high wages quite a the US air reg most
starter programming jobs on the 50k
range okay its way to having us an
industry our West is West Coast yeah
maybe but a lot of people in chat are
saying that they get a high even like in
the Midwest average comp size I'm not
salary degree starting salary geography
is there a way we can isolate it more
ethical hackers have a medium selling oh
do we have anything else that we want to
talk about guys 8:35 I go down to the
Starbucks at 8:35 and they're closed no
joke 8:35 25 minutes early
I'm gonna call corporate the actual
what's going on yeah is that isn't a
Spain like a debatably homophobic term
like oh [ __ ] wait the guys who got so
upset when I said calling a gay guy
booty judge to make fun of his last name
might be homophobic is now gonna claim
that getting past pain is homophobic
that's a joke right he's gotta be me me
wait cancel him ask penis homophobic is
[ __ ] it's gotta be a man yo I'm shaking
in my little boots right now language
you know what I think I think we all
need to make an exception in this under
these circumstances that misstep yeah
yeah normally I would never I would
never do language policing like this but
it's just honestly it's quite
frustrating to see someone with such a
large platform use such homophobic words
I don't know if we should even pay any
attention to this is probably [ __ ]
bait but the destiny statement needs
maybe like a little addressing and now
it's you're an impartial person who has
no idea about who this person is what
would you say if you read what would you
say if you read someone on Twitter okay
someone who is like supposed to be like
a political commentator of sorts what
would you say if you read someone who's
a potential political commentator source
saying you Lanie made a ton in all caps
amazingly effective challenges to
progressive platforms tonight in
parentheses revoking private insurance
isolationist foreign policy expect to
see progressives on Twitter incredibly
as pained about him for the next day or
two is that the actual this is yes this
is the action who's still saying a Spain
the actual
I don't know if we should even pay any
attention to this off nice sidestep oh
[ __ ] there was a 538 tweet that I saw
oh [ __ ] does anybody have it or actually
I don't know it was a 538 tweet ornate
silver tweet but one in Delaney had good
night
CNN had a terrible one why do you think
what was wrong with CNN by the way can I
thank you for being a rock of sanity and
an ocean of crazy [ __ ] I was ready to
give up on the interview of good taste
I'm trying my hardest here dude
kind of flushes I don't want a podcast
or about the record but if we have to
group the candidates into tears I
probably go something like this
good Williamson Warren Bullock pretty
good Burnie and Delaney okay
Buddha judge men plus Klobuchar and Ryan
- Eric Hickenlooper I'm I swap Ryan in a
work there I guess maybe I wonder when
this tweet was written 10:36 p.m. well I
don't think I think Bullock dropped
really hard in the last half I almost I
would almost agree I would almost I
think you could arguably put Bullock in
the okay category but not oh man his
last half was so bad it's a Spain not
pretty casually homophobic it is it I've
never heard it used that way or even
given like that connotation before I
guess you could argue like if you get
upset at something because something
[ __ ] you in the ass that's kind of
homophobic I guess maybe I don't know
I've never heard of never heard it
connected yeah that's a question would
you say that oh dude you're so butthurt
do you think butt is butthurt homophobic
butt pirate is probably homophobic I
would say
like butt pirate or butt pirate or like
fudge packer or whatever it doesn't like
homophobic if you can use but in insults
can't use booty judge as a non
homophobic funny insult yeah sure I
don't understand how it's so hard for so
many people and I can't tell how many of
you like just residual like chapo
[ __ ] or whatever if you call like a
random person boo teachers is fine
my only undiscovered was calling like an
actual gay person whose last name is boo
de jedge booty judge that makes me hella
uncomfortable I I mean apparently most
people disagreed I don't know if you
guys disagree because you actually don't
give a [ __ ] about being homophobic
people that aren't progressive because
apparently the new like hard left is
like super woke on auntie I did fall
identity politics I don't know but like
just for me personally I would never do
it if you guys want to knock yourselves
out I would never [ __ ] call if I knew
you were actually [ __ ] gay and your
last name was booted judge I would try
my [ __ ] hardest to get that name
right there's no way I'm gonna call you
hey what's up booty judge no [ __ ] way
would I ever say that to a gay guy hell
no but hey I mean have you guys want to
know that oh yeah the only thing that's
like really off on this list is like
Bullock I really don't see I really
don't know why he's here Chapo cells
call him butt chug all the time too and
I wouldn't surprise me
damn progressives are so mad [ __ ] have
they have progress has always been this
[ __ ] cancerous but I've just been
like so embedded on like the left part
of the internet I just haven't noticed
Delanie fell flat on his entitled
corporate-funded face one of the
strongest arguments and capitalist
economic systems is you get paid to do
this holy [ __ ]
poor Nate damn we were more right than
we thought when we said that there was
like the time for the left to rise on
YouTube like remember when it was
counterculture to be an atheist and now
it's like counter counterculture to be
like religious again with like all the
Petersons fans is it gonna be like
counter counter counterculture now to be
like a reactionary leftist [ __ ]
bollocks only real [ __ ] was just his
stumbling over his word I think was on
point message wise in terms of general
election well he actually had
okay ideas that he said but he stumbled
so hard like he had a response to the to
the green new deal where he was actually
hitting on a really important topic and
it had to do with the idea that
communities get left behind when we talk
about like reinvigorating our economy
tree this was a route this is a really
good point but he stumbled it so [ __ ]
hard it didn't land at all ballek seems
really presidential and Chad like maybe
in terms of like most presidential
people on stage tonight I would say that
easily goes to I would say Bernie has it
I think Warren has it and Pete
definitely has it I think those are the
three that definitely like sound and
come across as being like presidential
tier for sure this is gonna sound
insanely [ __ ] sexist but marianne
williamson
would have an amazing demeanor for our
first lady oh man that's really [ __ ]
horrible to say but what did you think
about the mods questions I liked the
adversarial question because I think
they set up good answers but it seems
like a sauna trihex and comedy where
that have seen him being pro-capitalist
or whatever yeah I mean like I said any
time people and ask questions that
differentiate progresses out there
progress they're gonna get a super ass
paint about it but like they CNN asked
good questions tonight we I want to see
the candidates separating themselves out
I don't want to get on stage and listen
to a whole bunch of candidates say the
1% of evil corporate money is bad [ __ ]
everything else blah blah blah okay well
cool well why would I vote for any of
you over any other that's one of the big
props I get to Delaney is he tried
really hard to set himself apart which
is good and then the CNN questions
exposed some differences hey you said
that you were in a favor of that
person's foreign policy you said that
you weren't in favor of revoking private
options they're like yeah that's good
these candidates need to be separating
themselves out right now Bernie is
already polling higher than most of our
I think every other kind of here so of
course progressives don't want to hear
them separating themselves out because
it just funnels voters away from them so
I mean but like yeah do you even like
Delaney I don't know what I've about
Delaney to like him I don't know if I
would have no um oh [ __ ] you ah you know
what I should do is since we have people
I should have known somehow a lot more
earlier we should read some of these
things
[Music]
this is interesting I just want to read
this well quick I'm sorry given the
discussion and the Fiat threat about
bringing back the wumbo wall I thought
it would take an opportunity of Bernie's
announcement that he's running for the
Democratic nomination for president in
2020 as an opportunity to talk about
health insurance and one thing in
particular moral hazard side note this
is meant to be a useful exercise for
economic laymen I'm not going to dive
deeply into the state-of-the-art
literature on cost-sharing too much and
I'm not going to get the most in-depth
description of moral hazard I mostly
have this stuff prepared for teaching
undergrad health economists semester
Bernie's healthcare plan the TTL is at
Bernie's health care plan and I'm back
in 2017 and still would he's endorsed
available here and with a quick fact
sheet I'll summarize a couple of key
points the insurance covers hospital
services Angela Tory patient services
primary preventive services etc and a
few others this lines are pretty closely
with the ACA essential health benefits
with the addition of benefits for aural
and vision as well as some coverage for
long-term care one of the most important
parts of the Bernie plan design is that
no present that is not present I'm sorry
one of the most important parts of the
Bernie plan design that is not present
in almost any other twenty twenty
candidates plan is that with a few
exceptions these services are provided
with no cost-sharing
cost-sharing is a good idea and an
important tool to control healthcare
costs what is cost-sharing quashed
sharing is simply the portion of the
price that the insured customer has to
pay at the point of care cost sharing is
common in all forms of insurance today
both private employer sponsored health
insurance and public Medicare and
Medicaid quash sharing comes most often
in three forms one deductibles
deductibles are the amount the customer
must pay before insurance coverage kicks
in if your plan is a five hundred dollar
deductible you must pay five hundred
dollars for your coverage pace anything
at all
co-pays you pay a certain fixed amount
at the point of care usually these vary
across types of service as a mechanism
to encourage substitution to lower cost
care for example twenty five dollars for
an urgent care visit versus hundred
dollars for emergency department visit
coinsurance some of it a co-pays but is
a percentage of cost rather than a flat
rate why is quashed sharing important
the purpose of of cost-sharing and
health insurance is to reduce moral
hazard moral hazard is the phenomena
that because insurance lowers the price
paid by the consumer at the point of
care consumers will slide down their
demand curve and consume more
real quick what does this mean when we
talk about demand for a given product
okay they say this is in case you don't
know right my demand for a hot chocolate
exists at a certain price point or
rather is flexible or varies with the
price point so my demand for one hot
chocolate at a one thousand dollar price
point is going to be incredibly low okay
my demand for a hot chocolate at three
dollars will be about what it is now
however if you slide that scale down my
demand for a hot chocolate at two
dollars is going to be even higher every
one at three dollars and if I go all the
way down to five cents the demand for
hot chocolate at five cents is going to
be astronomically higher than the demand
for hot chocolate at three dollars as
the price shifts you will have a demand
curve that responds to to the price of
any given service or good that you could
consume right this additional care that
is now consumed but would not have been
without insurance is care that is not
valued by the consumer at the true price
and this represents welfare loss in
addition because patients do not face
the true cost of care they consume
providers can raise prices the total
effect is an increase in the cost of
care
this affects displaying in graph form
first okay we don't have to go through
this exactly but like you know elastic
supply consumers of health care so
healthcare is an elastic demand okay
we'll get to that
do I want to explain the graph first
week you can see how we can see how
consumers of health care slide down the
command curve from P P the true price to
P see the price they face one insured so
P P is the actual cost right P C is the
cost that they paid one minute when
their insured and I think Q is his cue
consumption so if this is the cost they
would consume hold on [ __ ] I don't know
how to read this dumbass [ __ ] [ __ ] I
never took a college econ class okay oh
no quantity this is is it quantity
consumed yeah it would be quantity child
so at a lower price here you would
consume a greater amount of care at a
higher price here you would consume a
lesser amount of care
and then the more you consume over here
at the lower-cost is represented the
amount of welfare lost so how much more
you consuming now that it's valued lower
than what you would have at its true
cost it is considered a loss of welfare
right or a form of economic and
efficiency we can see how given a
marginal cost line the welfare loss
could be broken out into welfare loss
for the consumer triangle beta plus
triangle a and social welfare loss with
consumption at a price below marginal
cost triangle a okay we don't have to
get all this [ __ ] finally we can see the
triangular rotates due to consumers not
paying the full price care and thus
having a less elastic demand curve both
quantity and price increases okay but
this is all theory I only go to the
doctor when I get sick the cost doesn't
matter so this kind of big dress is like
it's inelastic
he was once possible to make the
argument the demand for healthcare was
completely inelastic in which case moral
hazard would not be an issue however we
have a very strong evidence that this is
not true one of the largest social
science experiments ever done was the
rand health insurance experiment which
randomized households in a different
cost sharing tiers this randomized
control trial found that individuals
randomized to the arms with cost with
lower cost sharing consumed more care
than those in the higher cost sharing
arms with no effect on health status
further studies have shown an elasticity
of demand to healthcare with mixed
evidence regarding the impact of
insurance and quashed sharing on health
so this seems to demonstrate that if you
make health care cheaper people will
consume more and not necessarily to
produce better health care outcomes
which does show some level of like not
only is that an economic inefficiency or
waste it's probably not a good one okay
destiny my demand for treatment is not
going to change relative to the price if
I have a medical concern I would do
anything to resolve it the only thing
that won't matter is if I have enough
money yeah so what you just said is just
not true this just empirically it's not
true it's a feeling that a lot of people
have and it's an argument a lot of
people make when they scream inelastic
demand but it doesn't seem to be borne
out in the literature just doesn't seem
to be true how could we improve on
Bernie's plan though our recent
literature on cost-sharing is mixed
while economist agree that moral hazard
is a real phenomenon deductibles may be
too blunt of an instrument how should we
use the evidence of to craft
cost-sharing policy Bernie wanted wonk
credentials he could explore finding
ways to incentivize high-value
inexpensive care and to
courage lower-value expensive cause
potential strategies range from
including tiered cost-sharing such as
multi-tiered prescription drug formulary
all the way to value-based insurance
design is Bernie bad economics because
of his stance on cost-sharing this is a
really important part in this one aspect
of Bernie's health care plan we have
identified an area of economically
inefficient policy this does not mean it
is a bad policy however there is
evidence from the rand health insurance
experiment that individuals who were low
income and had chronic health conditions
did have positive health benefits from
being in the lower cost sharing arm
likely reflecting an income constraint
effect it is possible that a
medicare-for-all with no cost sharing is
more defensible politically free
programs are more likely to build a
durable base of support than those with
cost-sharing or means testing or
ethically it is more important to
provide comprehensive care to the
poorest individuals and control over all
costs these statements require
frameworks outside of economics to
evaluate so these are like philosophical
questions rather than like ones that
necessarily would exist within an
economic paradigm anything else
Bernie's decision to cover things like
routine dental and vision care may be
suspect as these are not services that
qualify as an insurable hazard the
classic definition of an insurable
hazard is an event that has some form of
uncertainty as well as a high enough
cost to make consumers or of insurance
willing to pay a premium for protection
from that uncertainty services such as
regular dental visits are neither
uncertain nor high cost however they may
but politically they may be politically
popular or lead to improve downstream
health outcomes that reduce costs over
the life course and was worth mentioning
given his proposals covering these types
of services I'm going to hope I'm hoping
that he means that regular dental visits
that are already covered by your by your
insurance providers dental visits are
pretty [ __ ] expensive but or at least
they were for me I think I paid $200
anytime I would going to get like my
teeth cleaned or whatever we're like a
hundred dollars I would consider it to
be pretty expensive
just try exhale you know I don't think
so
but I mean like I said like populism is
always like a very attractive position
like anytime I say like I can give you
everything for free I could promise you
the world and it's all gonna be paid
with my taxes on the rich that's always
going to sound really good to like an
economically illiterate person it's
always going to be like a good sell this
is why populist is popular this is why
Trump was selected right stuff like that
is always going to sound good okay
I'm worried done read the section about
Trump winning tonight when our son loses
from the first night of the CNN debate
winner is Bernie Sanders
the Vermont senator clearly got the
message that he wasn't lively or occupy
up in the first debate of the cycle he
can have feisty yes and stayed that way
yeah I think Bernie I think Bernie's a
lot more hot in the beginning of the
debate than he was towards the end I
think I support former Maryland rep well
maybe I was aiding tired during the
later I don't know I was yawning maybe
it was my fault - I'm not sure gentlemen
he's quit his health care plan Sanders
kind of bluntly you're wrong that was a
good response by Bernie twice tried a
single paramedic of relevance and race
nap I wrote the damn bill this is a good
snap back as well
sure as Sams probably came across some
people or irascible I've never heard
this word before irascible having or
showing a tennis he'd be easily angered
kind of people like that for liberals
looking for Sanders to stand up proudly
unapologetically for the need for huge
structural change yeah Steve Bullock huh
he opened really strong I don't know
Pete that okay gendell any for sure oh
hey this is this guy watching my stream
before this debate no one knew who
Delaney was or what he believed if you
watch this debate both of those
questions were answered though doesn't
mean you necessarily love Delaney as he
quite clearly embraced a moderate view
on almost everything but Delaney's
repeated clash with Sanders in one where
win for the former Maryland congressman
and the very fact that they existed damn
Donald Trump an extended conversation of
eliminating all private insurance yeah
losers our work did [ __ ] nothing
Ami's just [ __ ] I don't know if it's
just a sexist thing or what [ __ ]
she's so boring on stage but I mean so
is a rook Elizabeth Warren had moments
without questions but Sanders seemed to
be better and more strongly articulate
than the liberal positions
both define their campaigns repeatedly
and warrants high-profile embrace of
decriminalizing illegal immigration fuel
to the fire if they already existing
concerns among some Democrats she thinks
you should make her under like Mon in
general you skipped Mary Ann right where
god bless man Williamson will miss you
in future demands dark psychic forces oh
my god you should read position three as
a rebuttal to warned stance on nuclear
deterrence assessing the risk of nuclear
no first use policy man I don't know if
I inherited a lot of like bad baggage
from my mom and dad but I don't know or
maybe I plead to many Metal Gear Solid
games I don't know how I would feel
about having a no first use policy I
don't think I would ever embrace that as
an American leader it sounds good maybe
to the public but are you missing this
good ass not safe we're gonna wait we're
[ __ ] can you [ __ ] chill boobs don't
care booty yeah okay
all right stop don't Lenny saw the
biggest increase in Twitter followers
percentage-wise how that breaks out his
relative growth let's see what he could
go up to twenty nine point five K Tim
Ryan up to 27 K P it up to 1.3 million
yeah so this small growth for Pete was
more at Absolute Brian and John Delaney
this is kind of what I was saying for
Delaney that like I think he would grow
a lot but like he's starting from a very
low position you know it's a deeper
question than just what's politically
viable too philosophical one that you
should be interested in what for nuclear
first-strike [ __ ] philosophically I
absolutely would never take that off the
table if I think there's a chance that
you have nuclear weapons you better
[ __ ] believe that I might strike
first [ __ ] that [ __ ] I will never
let you get by thinking that I'm not
gonna nuke the [ __ ] out of you if I
think you're gonna nuke the [ __ ] out of
me but I guess like but I say that from
an incredibly uninformed position like
I'm familiar with like the theory of
like neutrally assured destruction I
don't know like what like a Poli Sci
major like how that actually plays out
in the real world maybe there's like
some sort of political stuff that's that
makes that position not good so yeah so
I'm not sure I don't know every single
president since Dwight Eisenhower is a
few nuclear weapons not just as another
weapon of war augmenting can
mention alarms but it's a special kind
of weapon to be used only in the diaries
of circumstances when vital US security
interests are at stake the main concern
in adopting a policy of no first use is
that it could lead an enemy to believe
that it could launch a catastrophic
non-nuclear strike against the United
States its allies or us overseas forces
without fear of nuclear reprisal
consider for example a North Korean
biological attack on an American city
that kills hundreds of thousands or an
artillery bombardment of Seoul with
chemical weapons resulting in the deaths
of tens of thousands of Korean and US
forces and citizens when North Korea be
more willing to contemplate such attacks
have you thought it was immune to a u.s.
nuclear response recent presidents have
been unwilling to accept the risk to
deterrence that would accompany a pledge
of no first use two factors might
mitigate such risks to deterrence where
a no first use policy adopted first a no
first use pledge is unlikely to be
credible to an adversary contemplating
major aggression for example North Korea
is unlikely to base any military
planning to reunify the Korean Peninsula
by force or plans for its regime
survival after an unsuccessful four
effort to achieve that objective on a us
promise of no first use consider China's
existence in no first use pledge which
has not caused the United States to
moderate its own nuclear posture one
iota few states will risk through
national security based on a declaratory
policy that could be reversed overnight
Domenic tionary t tear tyranny and
academically support say no first use
policy eloquently addressed this point
viewed through a strategic and perhaps
more cynical one's the first no the no
first use doctrine also has a huge
credibility problem for the u.s. pledge
to truly matter
a president who otherwise favors a
nuclear first-strike would have to
decide not to press the button because
of this policy but in an extreme
national crisis one involving say North
Korean nuclear missiles a president is
unlikely to feel bound by America's
former assurance after all if countries
willing to use nuclear weapons it's also
willing to break a promise but mad does
not hold up under new our technical
overtures in the modern nuclear context
nfu is not a useful policy for the u.s.
we have to be able to target counter
force and consider strikes on our own
counter force and if he was also just
rhetoric
China has a nephew but would not stick
to it if we for instance launched a
massive conventional attack that
destroyed much of the command and
control infrastructure yeah I think
that's probably the strongest point
maybe no first you like but that's kind
of a weird argument it's kind of like
saying like no first use is actually a
good policy because everybody knows that
nobody would actually do it right like
okay
I think we should all say no first use
but that's only because we know that if
we really needed to we would [ __ ]
nuke the [ __ ] out if we had to like I
seem kind of like right destiny well no
because we need the signalling
capability to determine compel
adversaries which not first strike does
not allow yeah but the article the
argument being given in this article is
that even if the country had a no for a
strike policy other countries would be
like and I don't believe that [ __ ] right
that even if America had a policy that
said we're not gonna be first striking
you with nukes I don't know if North
Korea be like oh [ __ ] dude we're just
gonna chemical bomb the [ __ ] out of
South Korea and it'll be [ __ ] mad
lols dawg like they probably you know
America is probably gonna [ __ ] drop
the nukes on us even if they have that
[ __ ] right that's like yeah I don't
know foreign policy why is the u.s.
abiding by an explicit no first use
policy doesn't make sense of course the
question is much more interesting
generally sure maybe it's worth noting
the quashed sharing argument is relevant
to illness like colds and flus and
mammograms etc but it's proven to have
no effect on the use of chemo major
surgeries major surgeries long-term care
for the elderly and sick that which make
up the vast vast vast majority of cost
also the graph was a collect you have
any source on any of that or oh no now
income town hates us - on behalf of our
come town I'd like to say [ __ ] you off
for breaking our BOTS and ruining our
bit with your artistic circles working
on my retardation the goddamn thing was
a [ __ ] joke and here you people are
so proud you can find out someone's from
an annoying community to take some too
seriously well being just as bad it
doesn't [ __ ] matter
will you come from when you're octopods
in at you're [ __ ] [ __ ] regardless
making a particular kind of person
marking but you can a person for being
annoying based on understanding well
being just annoying is just masturbatory
bitchiness [ __ ] all you hoes get a grip
[ __ ] damn it's a larper look at
his post history wait oh wait this is
just a destiny poster
[ __ ] you [ __ ] lardo no wait he's a
compound poster - what do you mean he's
a companion Destiny's poster
destiny of course because the demand for
life burning care is inelastic but
mostly yeah well that's not the same way
I don't know if most health care
consumption is based around those
specific inelastic healthcare demands
the chapel about his dead praise the
Bolsheviks I don't know dude maybe it's
just cuz I just don't give a [ __ ] at
this particular point of time but the
chapo Botsch it has been some of the
funniest [ __ ] [ __ ] this has been like
for me this has been like a classic like
the [ __ ] what was that movie with the
monsters and the guys like let them
fight was that a Godzilla movie or was
that a the other big monster movie I
don't know that's so funny I should to
me how does a bot get a site-wide pant I
have no idea if amy was posing too much
oh this meme this meme era ended far too
soon I wanted this meme to go on for at
least another week god dammit destiny
what was going on well apparently we
brought over the the the chapo detector
bot so anytime somebody from that chapo
Trap House subreddit so chat with Travis
is a subreddit for extreme lefties on
the internet extreme lefties so in an
American sense you think of luckiest
Democrat these are like actual
socialists communists people that are
like [ __ ] identity politics and [ __ ]
black people whatever we don't care we
all we care about his class like extreme
extreme leftist nobody in the internet
likes these people okay
even other [ __ ] don't like these
people so we have a bot that identifies
you as a chapo traphouse poster which is
just like very [ __ ] funny
because because as soon as it like would
ID somebody people would get mad as [ __ ]
like um like somebody would post some
[ __ ] and then the chaplet like oh this
person has led the path of the past 200
post 40 for the minute chapter and
everything why do you have a brought
weird inglis this is literal [ __ ]
fascism dude you've become everything
you [ __ ] hate how are you gonna
[ __ ] good to go
tag me tag me tag me and it was like
funny it was [ __ ] hilarious [ __ ] holy
[ __ ]
but um yeah Oh tanki's sure
oh we should are you okay
I was watching your conversation with
Pakman and you called the European Union
the year you bonus meme y/n chat you you
[Music]
[Music]
isn't there a sub for people who don't
like how much Chapel the trap house or
Chapel trap house posters hey tanky
I have no idea pretty sure this is TOS
isn't this is a movie there is no actual
violence on the screen it's okay right
[Music]
I wish this [ __ ] that hole
[Music]
can we get any a liberal detector but do
you people actually believe Delaney did
a good job okay hey check yourself check
yourself check ourselves okay so you can
find out if I'm out of touch listen you
can always fact check anything I say so
you can find out if I'm the one that's
super out of touch or if they're the
ones that receive ready touch I think
that Delaney will see like a noticeable
bump in the polls
now when I say noticeable bump that
might only be to like one or two percent
but that's like a tripling or a sex
coupling of like his current support I
don't think he's gonna be a breakout
candidate like Kamala Harris was he's
not gonna break into like that like the
Bernie Warren Carla Harris tear or even
as high as Pete but I do think he'll
gain a lot more recognition than what he
had before that's what I okay there you
go
medicare-for-all would the removal of
private insurance is less popular in the
US than Donald Trump I think I'm pretty
sure I think that's actually true I
think support rises when people are told
they can keep their doctors and
hospitals people are just worried that
they'll get worse care this is and this
is the point that I originally brought
up I think when you say remove private
insurance what people hear is I'm going
to lose my doctor I think that's the
thing but I mean that attack is gonna be
used in the general as well and it's
gonna sound really weak it's gonna sound
real bad when you say when you say like
you're not gonna lose your doctor
because Obama said that and and people
did so that's gonna be I think Delaney's
avoid some stage presence is pretty bad
though I don't know what oh no wait
why do chapel cells hate Obama Uncas
chapel cells hate anybody that's like a
liberal delaney
the same take he said 22% americans have
twitter 10% of users are responsible for
80% of tweets which is incredibly stupid
the thing that walks loves to say like
the average democratic voter isn't
represented on twitter and like that's
true to an extent that's true to a huge
extent oh my god you have to be careful
about that just the same as gaming
communities aren't represented by their
subreddits or your discord channels or
do you know just the same is like yeah
yeah that's absolutely true
oh man you got to be
careful not to think that but you this
is it's also like a microcosm of the
most politically engaged people well
which is worthless a microcosm of the
most politically engaged people doesn't
matter because they're not a microcosm
for the general electorate nobody cares
what the most politically engaged people
think people care about what voters
think that's why when we do polls we
don't restrict it to only people that
have a high level of political knowledge
we restrict it to people that we think
are likely voters like I mean like
that's yeah of course well it's not
important for gauging with a vague basis
this is such a bad take it is such a
horrible take if you want to figure out
where the basis this is why it's so
important to do these like
cross-sectional analyses where you're
making sure that you're drawing people
who are likely to be future voters
you're not necessarily going to find the
best selection of future voters on
Twitter especially people that are
willing to tweet that's such a horrible
take that's such a sad take you have to
be so [ __ ] stupid to say something
like that I can't imagine how you could
understand so little about polling you
would on ironically say that like well
looking at Twitter is a really good way
to just kind of get a general feel of
where the electorate is that absolutely
if that was true
Biden wouldn't be demolishing Bernie in
the polls like I mean like why why would
you would say that talk to him I don't
know the [ __ ] this guy is that but then
they also spend all of their [ __ ]
time crying whining about like negative
negative reactions to the take that they
have to they remember how crushed it's
someone from the Chapo pocket I don't
care who it is whoever it is they don't
know the [ __ ] they're talking about
remember how crushed Bernie wha
remember how crushed Biden was after the
last after the last here's like a
question because I don't know how many
of you guys actually know this right
you know how crushed Biden was in the
last debate how kamala [ __ ]
assassinated him on stage how he like
was had horrible stage presence people
call him on everything you know if you
were watching Twitter where would you
think his polling would be right now
right
do you know because guess what he's
polling right where he was before like
like his drop before the debates he was
at 32% he's at 32% again like if you
were watching Twitter you would not know
that if you weren't don't tell me that
if you had your eye on Twitter which is
supposed to be a peg for the electorate
that like you would have assumed that
Biden regained all of his lost ground
like [ __ ] out of here dude a microcosm
of the electorate look how could you say
that that's so stupid [ __ ] takes they
have on Twitter so like on the one hand
they're always like this is Twitter's
not real life Twitter's not real live
and then on the other hand they're like
people were mean to me on this platform
which is the same as like chrysalis what
what does that take what okay go debate
them I knew something for us to debate
about I mean like I can like I can just
link up a bunch of stuff I mean I don't
even know like my positions I don't
think my position is a saleable like
these are just [ __ ] I mean I don't know
what to say
22% of all adults is quite a lot of
people it's probably more than 25
million people for the for the sake of
argument 22 percent of all our to 76
million 10 million more than the number
people voted for Trump maybe needs to
come for adults we saw people but even
cutting that in half 36 - sniffing chunk
of people okay the biggest problem you
have here we'll ignore the fact that
Twitter's worldwide or anything blah
blah blah okay we're multiple accounts
okay
let's say for instance [ __ ] oh my god
that I'd like I'm sorry I can't even
talk it's like 7 million analogies just
popped in my head because of how wrong
that statement was okay let's say that I
let's say that I have a community of
people okay
let's say 30% of them live in this area
some live in this area and some live in
this area okay let's say that I want to
poll for let's say that these people are
errors okay these people are these
people are beers
and let's say these people are serious
okay let's say that my population is 1
million
okay so 300,000 up here 350 here 350
here let's say that I want to find out
how what like I want to do a census I
want to try to ask me and how many
people live here without having to pull
every single person right let's just do
an example let's say that these people
are rich these people are middle class
middle class let's say that these people
don't here are poor okay let's say that
I want to find a way to pull my people
to figure out I want to figure out like
what percentage of people live in my in
my area let's say that these are the
true numbers but I don't know them well
let's say okay well I'm going to do an
online poll right now when I do an
online poll let's say that that poll
returns this data Timmy let's say it
says that 50% of the people that live
here a s35 or some of the people that
live here are bees and only 15% of the
people that live here sees well what
happened I did a poll you know IIIi
pulled one thousand people I've got a
that's a really good sample size there's
a million people that live here how
could my online poll be so off well
because a people are wealthy a people
are probably more likely to have access
to an internet connection this might
also skew other demographics as well
sorry [ __ ] I know you can't see it this
might skew other demographics as well
let's say I were to pull my people to
find out the race of the people living
in my country as well let's say that the
a people let's say that this was a
[ __ ] Wakanda right and let's say that
the a people are black and they're the
most wealthy let's say that the B people
are Middle Eastern and we'll say that
the poor people are white because that's
the sqw narrative okay there you go BAM
full unprogressive okay well let's say
that when I do my polling I also find
out Wow a large percentage of people in
my country are black well how do you
know that the problem is that this is a
bad cross sectional analysis when you
want to find out the percentage of
people or you want to find out like the
composition of the people that you're
pulling what you want to get is a good
cross section right cross section means
that you are taking a small bit
hopefully the same size from different
portions of the population to sample so
that your findings can be broadened to
the whole group
think of it like a cake right if you
have a cake and you want to find out the
composition of that cake what do you do
you don't just take a scoop off the top
maybe it's like a triple layer cake
right or a quad or whatever the [ __ ]
home everybody's right if you take a
bite off the very top of this cake
well Oh 100% of this cake is made of
frosting would you say that no of course
not that's ridiculous if you want to
find out you have to actually cut a
slice into the entire cake and take a
little bit from each of these tiers
that's a cross section of the cake that
actually gives you a better at
representation that you can extrapolate
to what the entire cake is made out of
this is why saying that there are 20
million people on Twitter which okay
that's not the whole electorate but
that's a good chunk of the electorate
that's not a good sample of the American
people not because it's a bad size a
good sample site a thousand people is a
huge huge sample size that's way more
than enough than you need to do any good
poll it has to be a good cross-sectional
sample meaning you have to be able to
pull it from a bunch of different areas
to make sure you're not over
representing for any particular area
does that make sense this is what a
cross sectional analysis means and it's
one of the reasons by doing effective
polls is so [ __ ] hard it's a very
hard thing to do maybe you pull people
by doing phone calls that's one way that
people have told people in the past they
pull them by ringing up their phones but
guess what they learned by doing this
you have a big over-representation for
older people older people tend to have
land lines that are easier to phone call
for polls then Millennials that have
cell phones so if you pull by landlines
sometimes you miss Millennials doing
doing polls is very hard I'm sorry the
statement that like Twitter can give you
like a good feed on the electorate or a
good feel of the electorate is it's a
statement that is stupid on so many
different levels I can't even imagine
why the [ __ ] you would try to give an
opinion about that when you're saying
something that is so horrendous Lee
obviously wrong if it's actually
somebody from the chapo podcast it's
actually that much more disappointing
because I would expect the podcast that
that's politically engaged to know that
that's a really basic thing it's a
pretty easy thing to understand even
when I was 21 in a libertarian I knew
that okay sorry what are your thoughts
on nate silver um he seems like an okay
guy it's some dude from their gaming
twitch channel oh okay well whatever
getting rid of private insurance
medicare-for-all polls at 41% for 7%
keeping private insurance Medicare fraud
polls at 41% why did you use Americans
want Medicare for all who want it
Medicare for all replacing private
insurance overall is 41% yeah the
private insurance things up
bad Hilda Diane I don't think that's a
good one do you think Trump is racist
44% of Latino say no the Latino vote
does not swing as hard for Republicans
as it does for or as the black vote does
why did people lose their doctors under
Obama um just because of different
health insurer I don't I don't remember
why we have to go [ __ ] look at it but
I do know that it did happen that some
people did lose their I think it'd be
really awesome to make a sort of
beginners political guide where you go
over the presidential voter guide and
explain each choice in each position
dude I probably never know how that [ __ ]
there's got to be better people to do it
for people that have already done it
right god damn it somebody post made me
a [ __ ] Starbucks thing did you take
it
um yeah well I mean it's already paid
for huh Oh interesting
Oh somebody just linked this remembered
I just said about like pulling people
from landlines versus non landlines a
tale of two primaries from the latest
Iverson poll I don't I haven't like read
this poll or maybe this is [ __ ]
whatever but like the landline primary
Biden at 43% Sanders at 13% the non
landline primary Sanders at 30% Biden at
18%
probably because older people are more
likely to have landlines than younger
people but I don't know what else a non
landline means whatever that means like
online polling as well I'm not sure how
likely is it that Trump wins again I
don't know I think there's a chance oh
[ __ ] I'm not sure Jake Tapper belongs on
Fox News everybody remember everybody to
the right of Bernie Sanders is a literal
right-wing Republican fascist show
destiny clique showing him what why is
oh god I hate her so much don't ever
[ __ ] respond to me recently he's been
trying to take everything from the
perspective of average American
political faller aka nearly none worse
internet politics followers apparently
that feel when Biden is polling it
double-digit leads
but okay that's all right I'm okay boys
I can't you know what I'm here I'm here
on the front lines because I could take
it because if you can Hut me and I'll do
it I'll be the dark knight that you need
okay to not be insane on any political
[ __ ] spectrum destiny yay or nay Pete
but a judge had the most important
answer in the democratic debate Betty Jo
it's right about why Democratic keep
failing to pass their big plans this
conversation hammock loss 20 years
Christina get money into politics when I
Pro see actual structure democratic
reforms might make a difference a local
college run the Constitution is Chloe
nice it eclipses United DC do people
look at me funny is that the country's
incapable structural reform there's a
country that once changed its
constitution oh that was really really
good he's the one that gave the answer
about how we made alcohol illegal and
then undid it right that's really that
was a really good answer dude playing
this game on very hard who was so
cancerous did xqc ever play it on very
hard or did he I don't remember did
anybody else did any other big streamer
play this one very hard I don't remember
I remember he said we'd paid bad bunny
$500 for this dumbass [ __ ] [ __ ] oh my
god
I need you to shut them I'm getting me
out wait why don't you go gnome it's
good yeah it is good because I'm good
I'm about to show you with the legendary
AAPIs Omni destiny was like Mike was so
[ __ ] back in Virginia yeah it was I
don't know how you guys sat through and
listen to me [ __ ] on this cancer as
microphones what do you mean maybe not
okay hold on okay there are people here
here that have not seen this before okay
let me give some background to this okay
I've got a friend growing up who is a
real life friend I think he is Kyle he's
out there I haven't seen him in a while
but um I've always been like better at
video games and he's always been better
at school just cuz I would no wife video
games more so that's kind of like our
trade-off right is typically I was
usually a little better and he wasn't
he's not like an amazing game or
anything right but that's cool we play
games together we have fun because Helia
cuz it's [ __ ] Kyle and I would never
expect Kyle to make like a legendary
[ __ ] shot like an N F PS game so it's
like kind of like yeah right so anyway
we're trying to lure people and get him
killed Kyle is like on one of these
[ __ ] distant hills this was a daisy
what was this is like hundreds of meters
away okay he's really far away where and
this is armor too so it's got like
ballistics there's like bullet dropping
everything right those bullet drop your
gun sways you up to zero oh this is not
gonna play with JP JP McDaniel or
whatever
what was that they found the body up
here do you see us up here cop the ones
holding the two assault rifles are them
means demon have Kyle just Kyle just I
didn't know we're [ __ ] dos keys this
guy I don't even know how the [ __ ] he
did it it was the luckiest [ __ ]
insane high skill [ __ ] shot in the
world oh god oh god the notes here's man
what an old cringy [ __ ] meme what
he's not dying
oh my god we got so much [ __ ] from these
guys they're not a while but we got
their guns that was hard back in the day
I can't believe how me that shot holy
[ __ ]
what a god tier [ __ ] oh my god [ __ ] I
miss X come
right that's not gonna be a - he's just
gonna step forward and take a peek and
then he'll be able to run right back up
right if he drops down there he'll be
able to run right back up right
otherwise this game is [ __ ] [ __ ]
right oh yeah there's the ladder right
here I could just take the ladder down
drop down the ladder and go right back
up drop down the ladder and go right
back up should work
why is everybody saying no that should
work but I already saw there's only
there's only two left yep there's one
right there and then there's that guy
back there
Wow great strategy there good analysis
destiny are you just watching your
greatest hits yeah can you take this
shot God you've missed so much [ __ ]
on this game so many 80% yeah the good
old days this show and balcony gate
let's analyze it someone link it up
there's three left he's gonna die dude
he's gonna [ __ ] die I can't even
believe it I can't even [ __ ] believe
it
oh my god you're not gonna you can't
dodge a second one dude I wish you would
man can you [ __ ] dodge it
there's no way okay it's [ __ ] balls
to the wall time it's both to the wall
time
[Music]
I think the rocket was aimed too high
you're supposed to drop the elevation on
it I think I shot the rocket into the
air I think that's why I missed I'm
gonna actually missed a 90 percent I
think I think the rocket was aimed too
high here the best party was streamer
gone forever dome the [ __ ] Daisy days
Cisco was barely ever sees them and then
let's say that you've got another kid
born in suburbia who goes to a wealthy
school with two parents and a
stay-at-home mom which set of parents
where the which family is more likely to
deter one child from smoking the one who
if they even catch him with cigarettes
or smell smoke on him are gonna ground
him for two weeks and take away his
Nintendo when game boy and you know
punish him you know and make sure that
he doesn't do it or the one who barely
even sees his mom because she's working
all the time which family do you think
is gonna have more of an impact on
whether that child smokes or not the
white one I didn't even say white
they're black just kill V dude that's
gonna be a mega yikes I feel like I'm
watching a sitcom hey you feel fully
submerged underwater and you get an
erection with the water level rise No
why not yes it would cause it's not
dependent on density is dependent on
volume and if you're increasing in
volume maybe the answer to this is
obviously yes man or so would still say
that
wait who is that talking wait who is
that Dan I think so I think I am pretty
we own it forever
I don't think come here yeah even played
me in forever cringe and I ain't talking
video game wait hold on doing nothing
okay dude just chilling here dude
nothin I get it done there what are you
doing
it's like the old days dude we're
hanging out it's [ __ ] late it's just
the boys
none of those [ __ ] little political
this is so stupid
give me time as you did this to me he'd
[ __ ] look at you for a while too and
you'd be like uh and then he just
[ __ ] murk you okay I love you guys
has been fun rep Reno cappuccino
Papagena Papageno my opportunit a potato
cappuccino cappuccino duderinos hey
listen you're being chill I'm pretty
chill but I understand I have a right at
any point in time
