I'm do you want to talk like real quick
with the Muslim dude about whether or
not verses of the Quran like can can be
100% condemn a person to committing
violent acts or okay I will admit I'm
not particularly well informed with this
subject so I might defer a lot too yeah
sure that's cool
hold on I'm gonna drag him in and I'll
be right back one second okay all the
religious crazies coming out today mojo
all right okay oh you guys can start
right you're leaving what the [ __ ]
you're missing all that junk yes I
preferred your [ __ ] Muslim apologia
before our game I'll be back one second
go for it okay okay so first of all
let's preface this with what's your name
by the way my name is boring but you can
call me mojo alone so let's let's give
you the same treatment destiny gives me
always and in debates so at any point if
you want to interrupt me if I
misinterpret your point or if you want
to add something else anything like that
you can do it okay um so yeah I'm yeah I
I hope I opened an editor and put some
points and you talked about I don't know
what you want to start with okay that I
was making a destiny is that Muslims in
general support Sharia law and the
Sharia law does have some parts of it
that are inherently violent would you
agree with that point Muslims I would
say all Muslims support a law that's
correct
what parts exactly would you consider
inherently violent stoning people for
doing things addition they've done
awesome how do you how how much do you
know about these these types of things
that most people know about in the West
these punishments about stoning about
whatever these are called in in Sharia
are called ho dudes
sure they are like
[Music]
less than 1% of the whole concept of
Sharia of the Sharia right sure yeah let
me let me let me finish my point please
how you arrived at stoning a person for
adultery of or whatever is this late
late laid out like it's so extreme to
reach that point that it's nearly
impossible to achieve in the first one
in the first 1,000 years of Islam and in
my opinion if you if you if you would if
you would ask any religious person a
Christian a Jew or someone when was the
time that your religion was performed as
optimally as possible everyone would say
and the time of their Prophet correct
like you would say in the time of Jesus
the best Christians lived in and that
you would say in the time of Moses and
and a Muslim would say in the time of
Muhammad correct no not exactly
okay if you don't agree Christianity
actually started booming after no I'm
not I'm not saying the amount of
followers I'm saying the followers that
followed that religion followed it as
perfectly as I could okay like my point
is my point is in the time of the
Prophet that's the time where as LA was
practiced as perfectly as possible and
as time goes on people change stuff or
like they they do some wrong things or
don't follow it as closely as they did
at that time so let's go back to a
stoning point to get to the point there
there are like so many criteria to reach
that point that it's nearly impossible
in the first 1,000 years of Islam there
was not a single like after the the time
of the Prophet there was one incident in
the time of the Prophet where person
came voluntarily three times and he sent
her back there was a woman the
prostitute I think and she wanted to be
stone herself she came three times she
sent her by three times and after that
they did it but after that the point
there in thousand years there was not a
single incident of of stoning so
so the fact that you you say it's it's
like you put it in a way that it's
practiced super easily that as soon as
you you see someone doing it or whatever
that that the punishment is like
following immediately or something
that's incorrect so the part of the
punishments are more as a deterrent if
that's the correct English word for
people and they are also in the Bible so
I mean yeah yeah I heard that I heard
that you said that New Testament is the
Old Testament like Christians don't
follow the Old Testament because Jesus
came to to abolish but I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure Jesus said he didn't he
didn't come to abolish it he came to
affirm the Old Testament the fulfilled
but sure yeah but then I also went into
several examples I only read like a few
that specifically referred to the law
and how we're not to practice the law
and how we're not under the law it's the
the New Testament is replete
it's full of scriptures everywhere that
have that clearly indicate all right if
you if you want to keep out the Old
Testament completely then what's the the
punishment for homosexuality according
to the New Testament is it even a sin
according to you I feel like
homosexuality is only referenced I want
to say it's in Deuteronomy isn't it is
it well I thought it it was either
Deuteronomy Leviticus romo the first
chapter as they did not like to retain
God in their knowledge he gave them over
to a reprobate mind know this remember
let me see if I can find it real quickly
it's it's it's Romans the first chapter
where they reference is in the nude says
and the women also burned in their lust
to one another committing acts receiving
their due punishment which
was in there in reference it was
basically that it was inconvenient and
that like there's no we as human beings
are not allowed that are never
instructed to issued out any punish like
it's just there it's not there is no
punishment that human beings would be
giving in that way the song only sin
would be that and their homosexuals in
that regard then it would be that
they're left to their own devices and
that at the end and the afterlife did
receive their punishment there is no
actual codified punishment for for
homosexual homosexuals in the New
Testament
supposedly enacted by any human beings
here that's not a okay so if two
homosexuals would have sex in front of
Evangelic Church and in America the
pesos they I wouldn't have any problem
with it I think they would have but they
have a problem with any human beings
having sex in front of a judge for any
reason that's a private act but you know
that there would never not be any
codified punishment because of the fact
that their homosexual know if that's
what you're implying no okay that's the
first time okay that's just not a thing
yeah okay there's a similar concept in
Islam by the way that what you but you
said that the act of homosexuality
itself is dealt with in the afterlife
but as soon as it's publicly practiced
it becomes like in Islam you different
you differentiate between you could say
sins against the society and since
against and against God or something
right
and since against the society are
punished in the society for example
murder or stealing or whatever you have
judges and whatever I have like a
judicial system and and a tea with that
and since against and against God like
ascribing partners to him or something
believing in multiple gods or whatever
that that Sufis dealt with in the
afterlife the way this is the way that
we talked about this at least in school
or I think maybe the whole Catholic
Church might say this is it like you
hate the sin not the sinner so but as
soon as the act is practiced in public
it doesn't become a sin between the
purse
and God it becomes a sin in the society
as well right
and yeah you would be yeah I mean I
talked to a destiny before like how how
you would reach a punishment for
homosexuality and I researched it even
more so to actually punish someone for
homosexuality and public is even more
ridiculous so that's the point I'm
bringing observe the whole hood who
dudes are just deterred deterrence not
really stuff that actually is acted upon
right so you have to I said it before
and the whole church was miming and
liked it a lot but to for a homosexual
to be punished then need to be for
witnesses that actually witness the
penetration in public and the persons
that witness it are described in Arabic
as mean own it's not just Muslims it's
it's pious Muslims so imagine like I
don't know like old man with like super
long grown beards walking in in public
and four of them at the same time like
keeping their eyes on the egg it's like
it's so ridiculous and now other
criteria as well I can look it up if
you're interested but that's like that's
so extreme right for it to happen and
they have to testify in court and stuff
it's it's just like it's it's setup so
extremely that it possibly can never
happen right it's just a deterrent for
the people to not do it you know say the
best appear is form but I don't think
that's the way things work I think most
of the time you need to have political
influence in order for these kind of
laws always gonna be living in a society
right so you had Judaism and the reason
why Judaism was successfully implemented
and the reason why was practiced the
letter of the law by the Jewish people
is because they were a segregated and
isolated individual group of people they
they weren't necessarily assimilating in
society but when you started taking them
to different places when they started
integrating with the Roman society and
whatnot and when you during that
integration and no they didn't practice
a lot exactly the way it should be
because you couldn't
because now you have codified law
preventing you from practicing it that
way so yes at the beginning at the onset
of the Muslim religion of the Muslim
faith then yes when there are small
numbers and obviously you're not gonna
have the ability to even commit these
kind of you know stole names and whatnot
you you just can't do it it would
require you to have a significant amount
of people because if you were to do it
yeah but I have bronchitis people would
consider that as murder and then you
have to deal with the political for that
yeah I get report but it but as I said
earlier like the punishment was never
acted upon at the first 1,000 years of
Islam and so I mean it's pretty clear I
can I can't like I don't like I never
talk truly to a Christian before so I
don't have all my my sauce is ready but
I mean that's pretty a clear indicator
that it's actually added a deterrent not
not an actual punishment willy-nilly
right yeah if you want to move on to the
next point or if you want to add some
the punishment is there and these these
extra these extra requirements right
these specifically that you're saying
you're required they're not codified
they're not written that way if you're
choosing to interpret it that way that's
fine I don't know it's not a choice
nobody choice what was you saying
nothing it's not written that that part
about you having to have four witnesses
that's not right you know that Muslims
at least Sunni Muslims which may make up
like over 90% of all Muslims in the
world
don't take just the Quran right you know
that I'm pretty sure right they take the
hadith there are six big books biggest
two of them are from Bihari and Muslim
and like they they they take that into
account to interpret the Quran correctly
right so not a single person like reach
just the Quran and interpret it like
just for themselves they are scholars
that do that the whole life like
studying Islam and stuff and writing
books about like singer singer verses
and stuff I mean it's not not an easy
thing for a layman to do that's why you
need to go to an authoritative figure
and and read up on that stuff so I mean
it's most Muslims are educated know
about this thing and like I said earlier
these roots which people in the West
love like talking about these
punishments are like it's such a small
part of the search area which is
ridiculous to give it so much time
compared to the other things like Sharia
is like synonymous and in the West my
opinion for like I don't know barbarism
or punishment or
I mean if you want to if you want to in
fact yada bro here's a deal look III
know the Old Testament right I know
Leviticus and I know those scriptures
and I do know that not all of it is
about punishment some of us just simply
like being clean like hey guess what if
you if you sleep with this woman while
she's on the rag you're unclean for X
amount of days right like the stuff is
there washing your hands before you
eating all those kind of traditions if
you committed this sin and you don't
sacrifice for you got to wait outside
the village for X amount of time so and
so forth a lot of it had to do with
these are the food you can't eat and it
wasn't like we're gonna stone you if we
eat these foods we're just telling you
right now that those things you can't
eat them and so on and so forth so I get
they're not all of it as soups as
specifically about the violence however
the only thing that I did say which i
think is factually grounded is the fact
that some of those there is an
injunction for violence with in Sharia
law that the injunction is there and may
be like okay the extreme of
automatically killing somebody is not
there but the 80 lashes is there like
it's you know yeah but I mean the
requirements for them to happen you have
to take them into account as well we saw
them we're waiting to see what I'm
saying so the injunction is there for
violence like whether or not you want to
start trying to and this is why I like I
was kind of worried about having this
conversation is because there's
obviously gonna be things that I'm not
particularly well informed about and I
don't want to put myself on a limb and
make like an egregious error and say
something stupid like oh yeah you know
this is whatever when I'm not 100%
inform of the subject you already did
earlier when you talked about jizya but
we can go on to that later but let's
finish this point I mean if you if you
had if you want to play that game where
you just look at the Quran and take it
literally I can't play that game with
the New Testament as well buddy oh let
me read you a version and you can
explain that okay jesus said jesus said
and these enemies of mine who are
unwilling for me to rule over them bring
them here and slay them in front of me
Jesus it isn't oh you don't know your
Bible it's in Luke it's in Luke 19 verse
27 so if you don't know your Bible I
mean me as a Muslim apparently no I know
you
better than you so but what I did there
is I did the same thing you did
I picked like a verse out of context and
it it looks at it cooks violent and it
looks Jesus said what bring people in
front of me and kill them oh no doesn't
work like that right
but that's the thing like Christians
think they know they're the Bible in an
out no nothing nothing in the New
Testament about violence or whatever but
yeah apparently some sometimes say if
they should take it out of context and
that's why I hate it when people do that
to the Quran as well like I'm pretty
sure the verses you're going to bring up
about the Quran if you read the verses
in front of them and after them they
make sense and they are like okay if I
address it in terms of self-defense when
when States the TEC States or whatever
because Islam is not a pacifist a
pacifist religion not like you want to
spin the New Testament to be Islam
allows States and people to defend
themselves when they are attacked right
oh yeah yeah you see how it you see how
ridiculous that is if I just read that
verse alone so you would agree 100% that
there are literally zero injunctions in
context to do violence in the Bible
right like you agree with that point and
if you agree with that point anything
you can you then say to me honestly but
there are zero injunctions to do
violence in the Quran if that's the case
and what I'm gonna say that we're
obviously the answer is no right
what's going on we're best buddies we
are conspiring to go against ACS
atheists and destroyers so you have
firstly have to define
if you if you define violence as
unprovoked X against people that
innocent people then you know I don't
agree with that
there's nothing in the Koran about
calling violence against like civilians
or against anything right here right
because I didn't I didn't define it that
way and I don't subscribe to proprietary
definitions go ahead to find violence is
to do physical harm is physical harm or
threat of physical harm against another
individual
that's what violence is but I can look
it up let's define it let's go well you
don't need to look out the actually is
just what definition do you want to use
or whatever because I when there is
violence in the Bible as well as I so
here we go behavior involving physical
force intended to hurt damage or kill
something or someone someone or
something that's the definition that I
would like to use and their behavior
involving physical force intended to
hurt damage or kill someone or something
I don't subscribe to proprietary
definition so the way we I'm so I'm
sorry I said that there are zero
injunctions to do violence to do what we
just defined in the New Testament in any
contact there's one about and what about
Luke 19 verse 27
no that wasn't an injunction to do
violence but start does injunction me
I'm sorry I'm calling calling and
calling people apart injunction means an
encouragement or a an excuse to do
something like like something causing
something to happen so in this case what
you did was you took a story said hey
there was a dude one time and this is
what he said and this is what happened
and he said bring my enemy before me
that I could say that right so that's
what happened there he's telling a story
but he there's never a ninja there's
never a time where he's saying here is a
case where you can commit violence or
encouraging an encouragement there we go
huh okay would you Jessica Sorenson a
New Testament ever in in context not a
single one would you agree with that
statement I'm I'm just saying now I
agree with that because I don't know the
Bible as well as you know a robbery what
was the chapter verse
19:27 look so would you would you would
you what was my question [ __ ] 12 he said
a certain nobleman went into a far
country to receive for himself a kingdom
into return
and he goes on to tell the story about
this nobleman and all it's all in one
connected pack passage he never stops
talking and they said unto Him Lord he
had 10 pounds it's the 25th blah blah
blah and then the 27th is where he says
but those not not those my enemies which
would not that I should reign over them
bring hither and whatever so like that
it's clearly a story that he's talking
about about what happened it's clear and
I'm when I told you don't don't do that
I told you when I read it like if people
take fruits out of context they look
[ __ ] right and that's that's my that's
my claim that you do with the Quran as
