yeah hey hello hey what's up buddy yeah
nothing much hold up just gonna change
my audio settings because it's coming
through my headphones which I do not
want
yeah no problem you're gonna take the
camera and the audio from my stream
right what was that again sir you're
planning on taking the camera and audio
from my stream for this oh yeah they'll
be great should I get rid of the chat or
do you care um well you probably throw
that to the side
yeah and you have chat on screen that's
all good okay cool I just want your
beautiful face as much as possible in it
gotcha well I'm here
all righty can you give me a good audio
test just to tell me about yours
samurai katana collection yeah testing 1
2 3 3 is how many beautiful samurai
blades I have they are all very sharp
and very shiny and they're folded over a
thousand times with true Japanese new
punch steel they're some of the most
deadly weapons known to man they're the
most efficient are you good yeah that's
to do ok ok so I'll go over basically
what I went on the email so basically it
will have a just a general conversation
about a couple questions and whatnot
roughly bout an hour or so and then so
I'll upload the full thing onto my
channel and I assume you'll probably do
something with it as well and what will
go down on the radio station will just
be basically a couple of segments from
it from whether we talk about something
okay are you allowed to say wait this is
like a college radio thing or what are
you allowed to say here uh yeah yeah
basically it's like Union it's a
university radio station would you
rather I pushed a tool cool no just let
me all hear everything in sunken awesome
awesome awesome awesome um prior
language
what like pg-13 or like nothing or no if
you want like if you I don't know how
passionately you might feel about some
of the questions so you can sort of go
on a different segments because it's
like hell I can like we can have one
second that can be like pg-13 another
one might be like ma oh whatever
ok I'll try to keep everything
age-friendly ok ok cool anyway so auntie
wolves get started and alrighty uh
welcome everyone this is red sri
interview and we're joined by the man
the myth the legend sir Steven bunnell
otherwise known as destiny so thank you
destiny for doing this for me this be
great hey what's up thanks for having me
no problems so for those who sort of
don't know who love because in Australia
is a little known fact that we have
absolutely no internet like I'm speaking
to you right now on a couple of string
so can you please give sort of a brief
introduction on sort of who you are what
you do yeah so I'm a twitch TV streamer
I've been doing it for about eight or
nine years right now you know me because
I either play a lot of video games where
because I do political content that's
about like half and half of what I do at
the moment
listen so how did you initially get
started into string a long time ago hold
on let me just made some time I'm
basically a long time ago I used to play
a lot of video games I mean I still put
a lot of video games but I did it at
high school with a bunch of friends and
we all had a good time it's funny stuff
and around this time I had a friend Kyle
I think recommended me to try to get
into streaming I don't know if he
recommended it directly but he pointed
me to some people that did it and I
thought it'd be fun to try it so I kind
of did it a little bit in the early days
as like for fun thing and then I seemed
to grow and viewership and it kind of
just grew from there
awesome so what about it exactly
initially did it interest you was it
just purely being able to play games and
sort of monetize that I think the social
aspect was a big thing the monetization
was not like a big thing at all in the
early day so until I switched over and
started doing it full-time which was I
think about a year into it but it was
more just the idea of like playing a lot
of games and then making people laugh
and do that kind of stuff it's something
that I've always kind of been good at
okay and I'm not too sure how many
questions also on us point out that
because I know her on streaming one on
there might be a couple questions and
like obviously those two there that a
lot of people have already heard and
whatnot so I apologize in advance I
probably should his own stuff but anyway
you there might be a couple of new a
couple of old ones you've already gone
through yeah that's fine yeah anyway so
and I've you've also talked about sort
of like you say you're sort of unique
case when it comes to streaming in terms
of like how you deal with sort of
criticism in the general community and
so in that case so what fuel self is the
hottest pot of streaming the hardest
part of streaming I mean there's a lot
of hardest parts I guess it depends on
the kind of person you're I guess for me
for me the hardest part is probably
maintaining like it's just
schedule as dumb as that is dealing with
a especially when I do the political
content dealing with all of the massive
amounts of hate you can get online can
be pretty difficult when it bleeds over
into real world stuff people calling the
police and the FBI and whatnot to go to
your house gets pretty rough but I mean
otherwise I enjoy it very much I mean I
consider myself very lucky to have this
job you know I've got hard things that I
do but it's all stuff that I deal with
you know maintaining email relationships
with sponsors and reaching out to
collaborate with people and you know
finding concept for stream and whatnot
so okay and so how many use of insuring
was it being about ten now
well almost I think I got I think I
started in 2010 earlier mid 2010 and
we're coming to the end of 2018 now so
I'd say almost nine years okay cool so
in how have you kept streaming fresh for
yourself the when I approached streaming
I made a very deliberate decision pretty
early on to always make it so that the
content was stuff that I wanted to be
involved in so I've never like done
events that I wasn't interested in and
over played games I didn't want to play
and I've never done things or committed
myself to things that I wasn't
enthusiastic about doing so I think
that's been a big help in maintaining my
drive to stream you know I've always
woken up and I've wanted to stream every
day and I've had a lot of fun doing it I
still have a lot of fun doing it so do
you believe that sort of had any sort of
impact on your potential success in
streaming I mean it's possible that I
could have more viewers doing certain
things playing certain games not playing
certain games it really depends but I
think at your mental health I think a
lot of people devalue your your mental
health you know we can put a price tag
on things like income on things like
viewers on things like sponsors things
like subscriptions and you know all
these different numbers that we quantify
you know the hell out of every single
thing we do but in terms of like mental
happiness people never seem to value
that as much like you know if I could
sacrifice ten thousand dollars a month
you know for more sanity would I do it a
lot of people not really seem to think
about these things so I'm okay for going
a little bit of financial set success to
make sure that I stay mentally sane and
I continue to enjoy doing what I do and
so what do you credit your success
online what are some of the credits you
sort of give yourself on your success
yeah I mean the beginning of I would say
comedy I would say a like humor and
insko probably carried my early
seems a lot probably more so the humor
than anything else I was pretty good at
Starcraft and I think I'm a pretty funny
person I have a pretty diverse
background too like I connect with a lot
of my audience on a pretty personal
level I'm pretty open about most my life
and I think I've had a pretty diverse
set of experiences that have led a lot
of people relate to me in different ways
or just provided entertainment for
others that couldn't okay and what
future goals do you have in streaming
because I've had especially you've done
you've talked about doing sort of a
podcast thing or doing some more IRL but
like at least still things you're sort
of thinking about doing or what other
things you sort of in the midst of the
number one goal for myself the way that
I view my life is I try to make sure
that I'm always happy that's always the
thing that I maximize for myself so I
don't have like I say that because some
people have like drives for like maximum
career fulfillment or establishing a
legacy for the ages or being the best of
the biggest and something and it's not
really my goal you know I really enjoyed
doing what I do and I kind of hope to
just continue to do that you know I kind
of point myself in certain directions
where maybe I'll try to work with other
larger extreme raise maybe I'll take
YouTube a little bit more seriously I'm
trying to build an Instagram right now
and I'm probably gonna be doing some
sort of podcast in the future you know
soon TM I keep saying that but yeah you
know I kind of have things that I point
myself at directions I slowly work
towards but I don't have a huge ambition
to pursue like any particular project or
Qi like any particular goal at the
moment I'm just kind of chugging along
okay
and so you were part of the Eastwood
scene especially with Starcraft 2 so how
did that initially come about sort of
seems like a very nature sort of field
to get into yeah
I hate you for saying that the reason
why witty the reason why it seems niche
is because of how young you are yours
wait how old are you my loadout set oh
you can I am a solid 18 what does that
mean 18 18 years old oh okay you said
you were solid ating solid 18 you know
18 it's a sold a number Oh a solid 18 is
that what you said yes oh I think you
said is Carla dating oh my bad okay I'm
sorry
okay so G's 18 okay
man I started here when you asked 10
years old you were 10 years old and I
started screaming I have a son at 7 geez
anyway sorry to get back to your Nishal
question you asked why Starcraft 2 it
seems kind of me issue so back when I
started screaming StarCraft II was the
largest game on Twitch it was just in TV
back then and then it became twitch but
that's kind of where I started it was I
was the biggest dreamer in the biggest
like game and that's where I kind of you
know grew initially for how people
recognized me early on for video games
but yeah Starcraft it was like the thing
to do back then it was the biggest
streaming game it was arguably the
largest eSport some people who play 1.6
might argue with that at European scenes
but yeah I mean it made sense back then
it was a pretty big thing now it's kind
of niche but ok and did you go into it
sort of enjoying the company like the
competition of it oh you just really
enjoying Starcraft and just thought it
was be like a natural progression when
it comes to competitive games or the
competition is very important to me it
seems a little redundant but like I
can't play any game against another
person or there's not a ladder involved
I can't do it I can't like normals and
League of Legends is boring non ranked
games I can't it's really hard for him
to but if you throw a ladder on it I
know I very much enjoy that aspect of
granting a ladder that being said I
always prioritize my stream over being
like a tournament level player you know
I did a couple tournaments and points in
my career I was pretty competitive but
for the most part I think I focused on
you know tournament related stuff if I'm
playing a competitive game there has to
be a ladder in the competition of
something I enjoy but I prefer to focus
on my extreme I guess over over being
like the most competitive person okay
and you studied music when you're at
college and so what was some of the key
things that you've sort of taken away
from it not necessarily from music as
such or even maybe so but some of the
key lessons maybe that you learn through
your time studying
um I mean in terms of life lessons I you
know anybody that's thinking of going to
school and working full time I would
highly suggest not doing that because it
destroys your college education college
is so much more than than just showing
up for your classes and trying to scrape
by if you if you're going to school for
that you're paying the tuition every
year and then working full-time your
shortchanging yourself out of so much
experience firstly that's just related
to life things in college in terms like
my major specifically I guess you get a
lot of kind of cognitive psychology out
of music you know how do you learn
things how do you practice things and
that's kinda
helped a little bit in terms of gaming
stuff and then if she's kind of broaden
my knowledge base it's given me an
appreciation for music and the ability
to speak about it in a little bit more
depth if we ever talk about things
downstream related in music okay and so
what genre is slash sort of artists do
you really enjoy listening to that's a
really hard question I listen to
everybody says this but I mean I really
do listen to almost everything I mean
like I've got a I mean anything from
like Japanese math rock to Kanye West
and Kendrick Lamar to different I mean
there's like a million different things
video game music like or girls I don't
know just it really depends on the song
I guess okay and obviously you have
talents and seeming multiple interests
raiments so do you have any sort of
goals within the field with music or
just personal things about sort of
whether it's just sort of learning a
pace or sort of producing your own music
I used to work with UW's a long time ago
I used to do some stuff in Ableton when
I mu I'm probably moving soon to
different state in the u.s. probably in
about two or three months I hope to buy
an electric guitar when I move because
that's the a number that I really want
to learn but that's the only musical
related goals that I have right now I
guess okay and so for networking it
seems like you seem to be a sort of
master I guess at networking because
there's so many sort of connections over
the years that you seem to may whether
good or bad and so how do you what's
your usual either way it comes around or
tactic in connecting with people the
networking stuff is something I only
actually started a few years ago my
networking in the first like four to six
years of my career was really bad
because I was pretty much with the
mindset that if I don't like somebody
I'm going to roast them as hard as
possible because I don't value
networking or connections that that hurt
my career a lot in the early days I
guess is it recently I don't know I feel
like I'm a pretty social person and if
you hang out with me we generally would
get along so most of my relationships
have grown pretty organically from that
anything I have Lily to thank Lily
Picchu a lot because we hung out a lot
in Taiwan and then she connected me to a
lot of different people that have been
pretty instrumental in in me connecting
with a lot of other people for instance
I met the ex-ceo of CLG through her and
then I formed connections with a lot of
the people and her I guess like her
gaming house like offline TV because her
very so okay
and is there anything you wish to do
better in terms of sort of how you talk
to people or networking or more events
you possibly want to go to and that sort
of regard I mean I just keep doing what
I'm doing I mean I maintain an email
context a lot of people I'm kind of
collaborating with more people on switch
now in terms of you know a podcast stuff
that I'm on or other people that I'm
talking to a playing games with yeah I'm
trying to grow my tendrils out more it
seems like people that cook that people
that operate within these groups of
streamers tend to be more successful and
have more fun than people that don't so
yeah I'm trying to reach out and do that
a little more okay and alrighty let's
get ready for this section so we've got
let's talk about sort of your sort of
debate history and discussions sort of
videos so I know you've said in the past
sort of that you don't find any of the
sort of Concord debates successful I
don't know about to say successful may
be fruitful would be better but say yeah
good yeah well so how would you define
fruitful in that case I don't know I
like my idea of a debate is to rational
people will come together with different
conclusions those two people will
analyze and take apart each other's
premises to find out which ones are the
most agreeable and then after you know
the dust clears and the premises have
been kind of laid out and settled then
both of you agree on whatever conclusion
would logically follow from said
premises something you're stemming from
the same value systems which I think
most people more or less do whether they
want to admit it or not but instead it
ends up just monkeys throwing food at
each other across you know the table and
then people screeching and jumping
around and throwing things at each other
and calling each other pedophiles and it
doesn't seem like any actual real
argumentation happens so and so because
I was looking through you because you're
talking about like the the Pope flinging
with the monkeys and it seems like a lot
of your sort of own YouTube channel the
more the most successful some of them
were some of your biggest sort of
flaming ones yeah well I mean they're
good for viewership and they're very
entertaining but I enjoy it I like it I
enjoy the conflict I very much like
verbal like exchanges are very fun for
me I enjoy it a lot so but I mean it's a
good debate if you know like a college
professor I was like oh you say you uh
you know if I go to back to school and
he's like oh you said you've engaged in
a lot of debate online and you're in
school to help you you know it's
can you point me to some of your better
debates like I wouldn't be able to like
anything to like be like no I haven't
started yet actually I'm sorry you know
well I you could say you've got a six
hour conversation with five other people
calling you a pedophile no that's that's
a solid one you know that would be a I
mean yeah I just yeah it doesn't seem
like I think he would send me to like
therapy instead of any college class to
deal with that most possibly and so in
that case this might seem a little bit
sort of superficial or a little bit
naive is sort of if you want to enjoy it
and to gain some sort of success from it
financially why have you sort of decided
to blacklist a lot of those people they
started to like the the fans of the
political people so politically I've
evolved significantly over the past like
eight years of my life I went from being
an edgy high school libertarian in my
early 20s to where I'm at now which is
probably somebody's very socially
progressive still a liberal / capitalist
but more so like more so like a social
dumb sock demmer whatever I guess a
social democrat the the so as a result
