who some I don't know how about you've
managed to make the microphone sound
really bad I don't want to restart my
phone again - tips like what kind of
[ __ ] phone is it emoji for okay okay
[Music]
[Music]
yeah no that's okay
I won't be able to show them any part of
the document that is that okay or do you
think that's an important part oh I
could just like drag this whole thing up
like that it looks [ __ ] horrible but
just shoot it we can do it for now shoot
me the link also I don't know if the
microphone is have this'll work but
we'll try krietor no no it's not it's
just like the voice is like super like
blown out
I just want to suck away from the
microphone yeah no no I understand what
you're saying um but it's not a matter
of likes being away from the microphone
um hold on hello can you hear me yeah
okay can you hear me now yeah so even if
I like hold on so like even if I step
away or even if I'm not talking quietly
this is what your microphone kind of
sounds like right now even though it's
quiet anyway I'm not screaming and even
if I like step away from the microphone
like stepping away were coming closer is
not fixing it there's yeah alright
testing what yeah that was the yeah so I
don't know if like it could be that I
don't know if it's like a bluetooth
thing but if the audio is being
compressed somehow or like going through
some sort of signal change it's like
hard core compressing it that could
cause this as well but yeah I'm not sure
do you want to buy you want to buy a
real thing and then we can have this
conversation I don't care dude that's
not relevant to anything like that [ __ ]
things to eating meat well what's the
second name drugs Oh
what about it
you wanna start with that sure
wait are you kind of try are you gonna
straightedge me no you can do whatever
the hell you want it's your own body
drugs are heavy are you as a victimless
crime but buying drugs is not oh I'm not
I don't do that [ __ ] dude I'm not
[ __ ] like that I don't know yeah
from somebody else right I'm personally
not gonna be yeah that's a that's a
shifted responsibility thing hell yeah
yeah don't worry I'm not everything when
I run into an undercover or some [ __ ] I
don't buy anything myself
hell no I do this oh that's nice [ __ ]
man yeah is it fair to say that you
should not directly support industries
for another example if you lived in the
eighteen hundred's maybe I don't know I
would have to I mean we would have to go
in to that I'm not sure
what is there to be unsure about I guess
it depends on the specific product what
yeah the level of removal is really hard
so let's say for instance let's say that
you believe that you were a let's say
you're a staunch socialists or you
believe like hardcore that most forms
when I say most men like ninety five
percent plus of labor is is actual theft
that a capitalist somebody that owns
capital that uses that capital to sell
labor or whatever is actually stealing
labor from their laborers and and that's
an unethical thing right I think that if
you believe that I think that you can
maintain that position but to actually
say that I'm not going to consume
anything produced by capitalism that
would be like would you agree that that
would be like an unreasonable burden or
an impossible way to live your life or
so what would you do you have to be
member of society but you can try to
minimize what you do sure so the person
would still consume under capitalism
they just wouldn't they will just try to
minimize that consumption but you still
have as much as you can
I the level of removal I don't know like
what the philosophical argument is or
how you would have changed this but
that's something that personally I don't
know what the correct answer is another
way that I've thought about this in the
past is let's say there's a business and
let's say that that business directly
enslaves black people for their labor
would you buy from this business I think
you could argue like in that case it's
pretty directly unethical what if they
have a CEO that personally owned slaves
if you buy from that business is that
unethical because he makes money of it
like I don't know at that point it gets
kind of weird what if the CEO donates to
organizations that support slavery but
he doesn't directly own it like I don't
know like what the level
sure what one level of removal where
you're directly supporting an
organization not entirely not one member
but that's an entirely unethical one and
that organization is the purchasing of
psychedelics cartels of Mexico is that
even where psychedelics come from I
don't know what percentage of drugs come
from Mexico I do know that 101.5 million
pounds of marijuana come from Mexico in
2015 uh-huh what if I steal the drugs
from somebody all I'm saying is that if
you want to do drugs you should make
sure that they're sourced responsibly
that is all Shh yeah I guess I've never
thought of that before
do you agree idea I don't know no well I
don't I don't disagree I'm just levels
of removal is very hard I haven't
explored that topic personally a lot so
it's a really hard thing for me I
thought about this the most I've thought
about this was actually in relation to
the there are two things the chick-fil-a
CEO that was kind of what I was getting
at although that's not slavery it's like
a gay rights thing so the chick-fil-a
CEO is an interesting one for me because
I'm obviously completely pro-gay rights
and whatnot and I'm and I mean that
actually not like a conservative means
it so I'm very Pro gay rights but I
don't but not supporting chick-fil-a
seems strange because the CEO himself
donates to non gay rights things so I'm
not entire industry well but well money
to the cartels sure but that the drug
industry isn't entirely corrupt and
[ __ ] right now why you need to make
sure your drugs are responsibly sourced
well sure but then you have to go like
level
of removal again right like there's a
chance that you could buy shrooms from a
guy that's super cool and he doesn't
hurt or do anything bad and he might get
them from a larger dude and he's super
cool he doesn't do anything [ __ ] up or
bad but maybe his supplier is like
literally like a cartel person or
something I don't know if like I don't
even know if psychedelics work right but
say for like marijuana like that could
be the case right so like how many
levels up isn't it kind of a similar
question like how many levels up of
removal do you get before you become
responsible for supporting some
unethical Act I see like I would
literally have to sort like using your
what you're saying here I would have to
literally trace this back to the farm
they were grown on to make sure or
unless you think that's unreasonable
yeah they should make sure that you're
coming from that's some expensive [ __ ]
though dude but I know what you mean
yeah maybe I guess like the ethical
consumption thing is something that I've
just never really thought or I just
haven't spent a great deal of time
diving into it I don't I just I'm not
sure I don't know I mean yeah sure yeah
I would have to spend a great deal of
time thinking about it I'm actually
curious what do you think about like
separating the art from the artist how
do you feel about that
I think if the artist is dead then it
doesn't matter but if they're alive but
giving money to his estate is difficult
for me to do yeah I'm not sure about
that one either
so like for instance like well say like
at the xxx fantasy onna I like I listen
to that guy a lot and he's a piece of
[ __ ] and I mean everything I've seen
shows he's a piece of [ __ ] but I'm big
on the fact that like well the person
himself has no influence on how I enjoy
the art but by listening to him even if
I personally don't buy anything people
are gonna listen to him he's gonna
become more popular in a roundabout way
as a result of that somebody's gonna
listen to my stream that's never heard
him before and then check it out and
maybe give him money so in a roundabout
way you're getting I don't know if I
agree with that well okay well we're not
talking about levels of removal we're
talking about the actual crime then but
but like in terms of like if I listen to
a guy like that on stream in some way
there's gonna be like a direct financial
benefit for that guy for that like
that's just a fact and the guy himself
is like a pretty big piece of it now
he's not murdering people from what I'm
aware of but like he's a pretty bad
person I like a Chris Brown or an r
kelly or whatever music you really think
so I don't know if I agree with that
like if I buy me personally nothing but
I have exactly well but I have a public
platform so every time I play a song of
his some person that's never heard of
him before will invariably check it out
and some percentage of them either will
end up giving him money or will you know
contribute more to hits on a site
that'll give him a driven or something
like somebody's probably like I
guarantee you I would put money on it
that someone in my Chad has given money
to exit extent I own on Spotify or some
[ __ ] because you heard him on my stream
this is a little bit different because
I'm a public figure I guess so it's a
little different between that and just
like a personal figure but or a private
person right
it's a difficult calculus yeah and I
don't I'm not like disagreeing with your
point at all or agreeing with it it's
just something that um every time I try
to think it's a hard topic to wade
through because I don't know if I can
draw like any absolute lines of like
where does the level of responsibility
start or stop and if I can't draw an
absolute line everything feels arbitrary
and then I feel like well I'll just draw
the line that's most convenient for me
you know so I'm not sure of Mexicans no
yeah I guess it's just yeah I just don't
know where the level of responsibility
ends yeah I don't know like so for
instance like they got like um I smoked
a couple times with my buddy Chris he
sold weed to people and then he got his
weed from another dude and neither him
nor the other dude were ever involved in
any like crime [ __ ] besides selling
drugs it's all they did I'm positive of
that I know that for both of them I
don't know about the guy above him
though and I mean ultimately they may
have some how in some size shape or form
came from Mexico at some point I don't
know that that yeah I don't know there
just seems like a really hard like every
piece of clothing that you'd buy is like
invariably made by like some sweatshop
kid in China or something unless you
like source it from like a made in
America factory or something right yeah
that's true
I'm not sure about the cartel stuff
though either though that's a hard one
as well I don't know
I don't think there's a good answer but
I'm sure okay the cart the cartel one is
hard because it's one of those like cell
like this is an interesting question I
post a stream you know that one guy that
calls the the Indian dudes that do the
scamming yeah do you think that the guys
that work at those Indian call shops are
those guys morally culpable for scamming
people do you think yes gotcha huh I
don't know though is it though if that
if that was like the only thing
available to you do you think then why
do they work those jobs everything else
huh and so you're sacrificing money for
a morality which is not a good trade
maybe I guess I would have to find out
if that's if that's actually true or not
I don't know what the comparable wages
are everything or if that's like
reasonable to tell somebody that works
one of those call centers you just get a
different job I don't know I mean to be
a plantation master would you take that
job
well it's a complicated question if if
my if the only option for me was to be a
plantation slave owner and it was just
me I probably wouldn't at least I would
like to think I wouldn't I mean I've
turned down money in streaming for
things that I consider unethical
although I make a lot of money streaming
so I don't know if that's the same thing
however if I had a family I don't know
what where my responsibility would lie
let's assume that I have a wife and I
have a child and they're both relying on
me for for income and either them work
do I don't know if my responsibility to
them is greater than my responsibility
to any personal moral or other I would
have to weigh like what's more important
to me is maintaining that ethical
consistency or providing for my family
I don't know you don't see
responsibility to find a better job well
yeah but I mean you can only try so hard
it's not like just because you look for
a better job it's gonna magically appear
I mean if that's all that's available to
you I agree that is difficult
uh-huh but it also sure yeah I'm not
sure I don't know about that in India
are you sure
be careful we don't make claims that I
don't know what India's employment
status is right from 2008 okay but we're
not what that's not fair we can't
compare a labor market to the worst
labor market in the last you know seven
decades I don't think that's fair I just
googling real quick it looks like
Google's unemployment right now is seven
percent which sounds that sounds higher
to me than what it should be right right
like four to six percent is usually what
you want it to so but again I'm not sure
but but there are even shades of gray
here where like say you have the
opportunity to take a really good job
that's ethically dubious or you could
take a pretty [ __ ] job that's not as
ethically or that is ethically sound
again if you have a family to provide
for
yeah I don't know I don't know what the
correct answer is if your kid ends up
going to a shitty school and ends up
with worse outcomes in life and you
explain to your kid well I'm sorry but
this is just how it had to happen like I
couldn't take an ethically you do not
need to do drugs
oh yeah no yeah I understand that
sure I'm just saying that these it's the
same type of question that if you give
me a good answer to this question then
it probably solves the other conundrum
as well right yeah for pot is to fight a
local source
yeah sure probably I mean I don't find
I'm smoking weed but and other drugs too
sure I don't even know where they come
from I'll find out though I will do my
best to find out okay make sure our [ __ ]
is ethically source there you go okay I
think they'll might connect all right
okay move on to the main topic
oh yeah go for it dude okay solve my
solve my nihilism all right do it fix
all the philosophy I'm mighty close oh
okay I think you are - I don't even know
every time I call myself something
somebody emails me and tells me why I'm
not so I try not to label myself okay
can you open my link and don't forget to
hide the URL yeah all right hold on I
might have to go to sleep soon okay
can I change my font color color alright
I get to be blue wait wait are you
really not going to talk for the
conversation I'm also going to do a lot
of typing oh okay
wait why can't I know okay can you not
like set your font color and then type
you can only change retro actively the
fun oh I see okay
all right throw it let me make sure
everything that needs to be on screen is
on screen all right
load it up you said you're interested in
correct weight okay let me okay so you
okay we've been through the slide so
just to be clear I'm going to clarify
the [ __ ] out of everything I say okay
especially when I'm talking to you so if
it gets obnoxious then [ __ ] off so in
the purp for the purposes of the
conversation I had with Devon for my
debate okay with him for the debate
stuff that I do online
my interest is pursuing what is true not
convincing my audience or at the
audience of somebody else to believe
what I'm saying
but that only applied insofar as my
online debates go so for instance about
having a conversation with my son and
I'm having a conversation with him about
things that I think are best in his life
I might not use the same rhetoric in my
conversation with him as I would with my
stream when having a debate does that
make sense
okay I am going to try to give correct
as possible as you would be okay gotcha
alright so this will be an extremely
stilted conversation I'm going to cure
autistic okay
okay that's good dude that's my this is
my realm my I am the logos embodied I'm
ready dude I am think about what you say
all right sure thing okay
just I'm warning you right now I'm
pretty tired so like if I disconnect
like this it's because I went to bed all
right no yeah I remember saying it yeah
okay sure let me so let me clarify this
statement what I believe is that if two
people are hold on if two people are
both rational if these people both
appreciate the same types of reason the
same types of logic the same types of
evidence that these two people should
agree on every non subjective thing
that's a clarify that statement do you
agree with that clarification it's it's
more or less saying the same thing I'm
just trying to be very clear with it
yeah okay so if two people have a
difference of idea about something
that's not like a subjective thing like
does this taste better or sound better
that those two people if they're both
logic logos driven people that if they
disagree at the end one person
necessarily is being irrational yes wait
can we can you enlarge the font people
in chat are crying
perfect
can't you zoom on your screen or zoom on
your chrome window um yeah I could but
usually when you zoom in chrome things
can break or get [ __ ] though so it's
better to just but um yeah I can try it
I'll zoom okay you're good
so do you remember all the times you've
asked people for their lack of
consistency for example centrist
skeptics for no consistently applying
criticism to both sides or people who
got overseas of the lion so she was my
worst possibility this conversation that
you're going to say I am going to be
inconsistent on veganism okay because I
need to load the deck okay I hate
animals man I just want you got a lot of
work to do because goddamn do I [ __ ]
hate animals
all right let's go okay I want to know
if you're going to be like Ben Shapiro
who are intelligent but inconsistently
applied their intelligence like not
attacking anti-vaxxers on the campaign
trail or fully interpreting as longer
data I want to know if you're going to
be like Dave Rubin consistently
interviews his guests okay can we move
on let's go let's I'm not gonna be like
anything go let's go spook that sleep is
setting in
