I see mr. scanner and if you watch this
video I'd love to get your reaction why
I guess I shouldn't they could actually
guess so
I already know what this video is gonna
be about can I make two very clear
statements okay one in action is action
whether or not you agree with that is
doesn't matter okay if you do not act
that is an action okay a lot of people
are uncomfortable with that grow the
[ __ ] up that's life okay if you do
nothing you've done something all right
that's number one number two everything
that you do in some way size shape or
form is political that includes
furthering the status quo okay if things
are a certain way and you try to shake
things up and people call you political
for it find whatever everything is
political but if things are a certain
way and you continue to act that way
that's just as political okay these are
kind of like two sides of the same coin
but I just want everybody to like know
that that those two statements are
absolutely true and I will stake my life
by both of those statements all right
okay here we go
don't worry about my own so I start
being somebody books won't admit or not
these are role models and we sexualized
we objectify we modulized introduce
these new tactics a lot less and they
can be so we're gonna master us I had a
secret agenda this is a small play from
a presentation that was hosted by Neil
druckmann deck in 2013 a few months
after the Last of Us I just come out in
it he openly talked about his thought
processes and the many goals set out for
the game one of the big ones being
related to this agenda is because of
witches who create one of the coolest
non sexualized female game text now this
is a response to what he noticed as a
game developer and many of the female
roles in the payment from movies to
video games are people trade in
stereotypical ways focusing on their
appearance more than any other strengths
I think I speak for myself in the
majority of regular gamers we honestly
don't mind we play games to have fun the
experience great stories and who we play
out has never been an issue I think we
honestly don't mind if all the
characters I hyper sexualized how do you
how can you miss the point that you
should I maybe I should have listened to
a minute before I stopped and cut him
off in case he addressed something gonna
say oh I'll go for it for like a minute
or actually we can treat it like a
debate I guess I'll start writing [ __ ]
down should I set it to normal speed
[ __ ] this is gonna be painful and the
majority of regular gamers that we
honestly don't mind we play games to
have fun to experience great stories and
who we play as has never been an issue
if a character is relatable well-written
I can totally place myself in their
shoes [ __ ] hold on so when I brush my
teeth I am relating to the government or
the public affairs of a country I'm sure
you can read in and that's all I could
possibly ask for
whether it is Nathan Drake or John
Larson who physically may have more in
common with me or Senya and faith from
hell blatant errors edge I love all
these characters because I connected
with them I understood and related to
how they felt in various situations
diversity inclusiveness representation
these are the terms that you now
constantly hear when watching interviews
with noia dog or simply by reading the
Twitter timeline of many of their
employees in itself I have few problems
with these ideals there's nothing wrong
with wanting gamers to respect people of
all kinds but there is another side of
the coin it can get a little ridiculous
how much focus a dev puts on these
topics nowadays like they're forgetting
that the
quality and appeal of the story is still
the most important goal for example I've
yet to see a game feature a Dutch
protagonist with an accent like me but
I've certainly never felt like I needed
to be represented more I understand that
an entire game taking place in my
merciless nude I'm risking my own small
country is not gonna appeal to the mass
market and so you certainly won't hear
me complain that itch to constantly push
a certain narrative is to me a little
concerning because other aspects could
start suffering from it they can
sometimes come off as a little
pretentious okay alright so I don't
think so first of all like no we haven't
given like any real arguments here this
is this is so stupid so every single
women character that's presented across
any form of media always has to be hyper
sexualized arguing well we don't mind if
they're hyper sexualized doesn't address
the issue right the issue I mean I
haven't seen this naughty dog gonna be
but what I'm guessing is what the guy
said was it kind of bothers me that in
order to have a female protagonist that
female protagonist has to fit a very
narrow paradigm of what it means to be a
female you have to be super hot you got
a huge [ __ ] boobs beautiful ass we got
to be super perfectly yeah you have to
be basically Wang Keable right and if
somebody can't jerk off to how [ __ ]
beautiful you are
then you're not you're not worth
anything as a female protagonist now
that before all the [ __ ] autistic
people come out right no women can be
pretty and be a protagonist as well but
the flip side is that like it's very
rare to have like a female protagonist
like Master Chief where you don't even
know what the [ __ ] they look like right
you think how many female pretty well
what about salmon [ __ ] off right for the
most part like you never really get
female protagonists that aren't
conventionally attractive right and it
sounds like that's something that they
wanted to address which is fine which is
a fine point if you want to make a
female protagonist it's not hyper
sexualized chair that's fine so this
doesn't really address that who we play
as has never been an issue [ __ ] I
don't buy this argument from white gamer
bros anymore okay when everybody freaks
the [ __ ] out if there's a black main
character or a female [ __ ] a character I
don't buy this we don't care who we play
as I think it people say they
don't care who they play as because they
always get to play as a white male I
don't buy that argument anywhere I used
to push that argument when I was younger
and more naive when and then I realized
that 95% of my audience was full of [ __ ]
and they were white male gamer bros who
only sit say this statement that they
don't care who they play us because 95%
of the protagonist so they play us look
like them okay so bullet that argument
is [ __ ] I love all these characters
because I connect to them that's fine
it's not related to aiming retainment at
all you'd connect to male/female sure
whatever that does nothing to do with
with increasing the the variety of
protagonist you see and then I'm Dutch
and I've never felt like I needed
representation this like I'm a snowflake
and I've never felt like blah blah blah
there's another argument that I used to
peddle well that's great that maybe you
personally feel that way not everybody
feels that way also like you might be
Dutch but I mean like you have a white
male character that's straight that like
matches a lot of [ __ ] checkboxes
maybe they don't exactly have a Dutch
accent but that's that's pretty close to
what you are right versus like a woman
that has no female protagonist or a
minority character that is nobody that
even looks like them so I don't feel
like this is like a fair comparison you
know that's kind of like saying yo well
you know you know I've got a cockney
accent and you know usually they just
use traditional British accent so I feel
like I'm not being represented okay hey
anyway so we're five and half minutes
and we haven't really talked about
anything yet but all right dad said it's
need developers choice and I'm not gonna
tell them what they should or shouldn't
do all that I'm saying is if it ever
gets to be point where an agenda
intervenes with the quality of a story
or it stops appealing to me then my
response will be simple I'm not buying
the game now are we gonna get examples
of this happening I really hope he gets
into it especially as we're watching a
lot of The Last of Us which is like one
of my favorite console games
I'm so happy to play this game because I
don't play many good games and going
past like five or 10 years this was one
of them I really like this game so I
really hope he gives me some some the
last of us examples of where this
narrative pushing is [ __ ] [ __ ] up I'm
not buying the game now going back to
Noah dog obviously to this day I've
never felt that way the opposite okay I
actually used to defend their decisions
made in previous games years bought one
subtly hinted at bill being gay
but it never became a real part of the
experience because it didn't need to the
left ah where problematic there are so
many unintentional things I've gotten
better at identifying these over the
past years there are so many
unintentional things that people say
that can be harmful in ways that you
don't imagine and this is one of those
things right a real part of the
experience because it didn't need to
like the fact that you need a good
reason to be gay is like a really
important thing so like if I would
here's an example if I walk through when
did they hint at him being gay I believe
in Watchtower know I keep honest and
watched arcs I think in in the last of
us wasn't there a part where he talks
about his old partner and friend and it
makes it sound like they were gay for
each other I feel like that happened I
could be wrong I could be misremembering
but I feel like that was like very
strongly hinted at that him and his four
old friend were like lovers or whatever
I don't like this idea that like here's
here's like the feeling I get that if I
walk through a house and I'm a videogame
I walk through a house and on the on the
wall you see like a picture of like a
husband and a husband hugging and
kissing each other people will look at
it and be like why do they have to shove
like the gay [ __ ] end like is this
important to the story do I need to know
that this person is gay like isn't that
kind of dumb like I don't understand
like did the gayness of this characters
like whereas if it was a picture of like
a traditional strike couple then it's
like no one would say anything they said
okay I guess it was married you know and
it's like but because but as soon as
somebody like differs from the norm a
little bit it needs to be justified and
I think that kind of idea is not the
best kind of idea but the Left Behind
the you'll see built up - Alice gets
with Riley very well it helped flesh out
a character just a little more for that
small additional story content a lot of
people had a problem with Nadine and
uncharted 4 and I found those complaints
understandable though they personally
never bought at me so much sure she's a
lot of strong female character who leads
a whole army and gets to beat up Drake
in a sequence where you pretty much can
fight back you could also argue that had
Rafe let this army and
was out of the picture the story of the
game practically wouldn't have changed
and Sony Dean served little purpose
again I understand these complaints but
I liked playing through the various
encounters and it added an extra element
of tension to the game something that I
don't like that I notice a lot of and
it's really hard to disentangle these is
sometimes you get just shitty writing
and shitty characters but if it's a
woman or a minority character people are
really quick to ascribe it like sjw
tendencies or whatever
all I'm saying
and I and I've talked about this as well
where it's like I think that Star Wars
especially the most recent Star Wars is
like a really shitty movie but like it's
like I wouldn't say that like it's a
shitty movie because sjw's have given
like females and males like sir like
it's just a bad movie like there's just
bad writing black bad plot devices black
bad themes bad there's a lot of bad dumb
[ __ ] and the most reason stories maybe
but um yeah I don't know game
[Music]
these discussions have been going on for
quite some years but I never took issue
that was until recently when a few
problems with noise look arose for me
it's thought of with a relatively small
thing and that was after me release of
ensure that the Lost Legacy
I remember the months leading up to its
release how I would joke around with
some of my viewers and friends of mine
in real life
that the game would end with Chloe and
Nadine in a relationship it was sort of
meant as a joke referring to the left
behind you'll see and not for a second
that I actually think of what happened
the Lost Legacy was meant to be a small
standalone adventure all about the
treasure hunting set pieces exploring
the beautiful occasions in India that
being said we knew the background of
both Chloe and 18 so obviously wouldn't
make sense it's not anyone's looking to
get out of the game
why did I like laid it I forgot Oh
another I enjoyed the game grateful it
was any Rometty relationship between two
obviously never happened that's when a
few months later I came to the
realization that well no you left the
puppet untouched against all my
applications it seemed they actually
wished they didn't have to in December
the company sent out a happy holiday
sweets when a piece of artwork made by
one its own employees it show Chloe any
Dean standing on the mistletoe they
looked down to the floor with
embarrassed faces it obviously implies
they're in love each other it's only
just a one-off thing is what I thought
at first but it didn't actually stop
here ever since and up until today
members of the studio are addressing the
view as clodine a typical Whaley at
night over throwing to a couple these
days but that's not all it constantly
share around specific panel for example
the to Marion I'm sorry I just brought
me the wrong way
let's not I have anything against cake
Gary goes I was fired in left behind
because this is so clearly forest and
don't do indeed fit legenda and satisfy
a specific audience well ok here we go
here's where I break with the SJW [ __ ]
are you ready woo
if you want to include like gay or
straight people in media I do think it's
a little bit kind of dumb to throw it in
after now this isn't something that's
going to like upset me or whatever but
like the people that do like after
you've made something and then you've
left it alone and you haven't like
hinted at anything at all when they say
like oh by the way those guys were gay
that feels a little kind of dumb to me
I remember when um I remember when uh
JK Rowling did this with Dumbledore when
she was like oh by the way Dumbledore
he's gay and it's like oh okay sure I
guess that seems kind of what that feels
kind of weird to me I don't I don't know
I don't really care that much but I'm
guessing it bothers this got a lot more
than
I just had several relationships
established in the past Chloe with
dragon flame lady with ravenous off
surely counts Ottomans attitude could
possibly be bisexual exists but still
irrelevant when you take in mind that
lost legs either just focus only
treasure hunting eventually they
completely different going on what
annoys me so much it's just because no
one wants to push chaos happens
something I very much dads where's Mel
they'll change around characters they
said their narrative some people may
agree with me on this autism might sound
like a small point is in could complain
about what you need to understand I was
I'm very passionate about this series I
felt it actually foreclose make decade
now now he does he change to just what
you're saying reasons but this was
nearly despot what does he mean by that
I was attached to it for decades and now
I hate to see it change did he like want
to [ __ ] the main character and now he's
sad that she's a lesbian or what I I
don't know wait I don't understand that
well I don't understand that means
deeper inspired by the extreme social
justice moving that we see today
you'll probably is a very big battle
Kezia he's praised the work I didn't had
it or no water it when I'm pretty sure
that a long girls will go off for many
of you just hearing her name she's water
someone I would look up that's what he's
a person who loves nothing more than to
accuse gamers and game creators of
sexism racism homophobia
judgmental fur you can find she was
never a gamer in the minute of research
will be clear that she represents the
complete opposite of tolerance and
freedom for games of creators decide
what to make what to play this is simply
worrying to me and the more I hear about
the last Massoud the more I fear the
noid orc is about to go overboard with
this stuff there is already an
overemphasis on female characters it's
becoming more and more visible to me
first me as fans asking for Cogan
fortuyn to fan favorites okay so like I
wish I would have say the comments so
this is something that bothers me
earlier he said we don't care who we
play as we just want to connect to good
characters and now he says there's an
overemphasis on female characters so
like here's like where what I'm
wondering happens in like the gamer
brain okay so it makes you uncomfortable
as a man that you're having to play
games now with an overemphasis on female
characters but whenever women complain
that there aren't females and games you
would say don't worry about it it
shouldn't matter who you play as how do
you hold these two incredibly
contradictory positions at a single
moment in time like
[Music]
aren't people more likely to ascribe SJW
things to these characters because most
of these characters are conspicuous in
how they are written many of them are so
obviously social commentary sure but
like there's a lot of like social
comment let's be real video game writing
is not like the apex of like writing
even today most video game writing is
pretty like I don't even want to say
teenage accessible because it's war it's
bad most video game writing is is bad
can like can we destiny not everyone
cares about representation what is that
how does that what does it have do that
anything I've said
I feel like I have to delve into it I
need his work just because it seems like
every dumb [ __ ] immediately brings her
it was a boogeyman and I can never trust
them to not misrepresent our arguments I
Anita's problematic for a couple things
in my opinion I think I don't even know
if she's a real person or if she's just
like a puppet of that mimic McEntee guy
or whatever like I'm pretty sure he uses
her [ __ ] Twitter account I'm not a
big fan of Anita but yeah people go a
little bit crazy she's kind of become
like the punching bag and the
representation of like all of feminism I
guess and yeah I'm not sure there's a
lot going on there but the latter was
