okay I'm not gonna lie guys this episode
was actually pretty [ __ ] cool can we
be real for one moment can we place
aside our cynicism for one moment and
can we just appreciate can we just
appreciate that this was actually like a
decent episode after all the build-up
after all the [ __ ] memes
okay actually I don't know how it
continues to pass under the already
horrendously low bar I've set for my
expectations for the show I'd I'm so
[ __ ] lost I can't even believe I can
as soon as I can't even imagine I don't
even know dude it's like the dumbest
[ __ ] I've ever seen literally my entire
life I have so many [ __ ] questions
okay first let me get the Boomer
compliance out of the way okay let me
get my Boomer compliance out of the way
I hope it's different when I go see
endgame or maybe they're one or two
things either happening either one I'm
getting really old or - we gotta slow
down on the CGI and the [ __ ] shaky
cam okay dude for like the first half of
this episode I could not [ __ ] tell
what the [ __ ] was going on I was so long
I couldn't see anything I was so lost
like I kept having like I was getting
scared that I'd have to ask Melina like
what just happened is somebody fighting
like what's going I had to check the
brightness on my laptop I had to close
the [ __ ] shades oh my god dude I
couldn't tell like half the time what
the [ __ ] was going on I was so lost and
I was talking like oh maybe just for
like a minute or two and then it's like
oh my god I have no idea what's
happening and like people would keep
getting stabbed and I was like oh that's
his death scene and I was like oh no no
no oh that's his death scene oh no oh
that like with the with the one like guy
with the fire the the Lord of Light guy
he would get stabbed like 20 times like
oh that's his death scene oh no no wait
and then he makes it except me oh that's
- oh no no wait and then he's dude it's
like a [ __ ] this guy's like ground
beef like through every [ __ ] hallway
and it's like what is happening I how
like yeah I yeah there were people that
I thought died like six or seven times
and then there was just like I don't
understand the scope of anything oh yeah
when Sam keeps getting like killed over
and over again and I can't tell if I'm
like if I'm looping on shrooms again and
I'm like stuck in a loop and I don't
know if I'm watching the same thing like
is Sam oh is Sam dead again
why is same even in the bite fights at
all he's not even fighting is he the
same in every weapon every time the
camera cuts - Sam there's just like
another zombie like falling on top of
them like I'm like what is he even doing
dude just like [ __ ] get out of here
like also yeah the unsullied are me how
many times did the holes or this how
many times did the unsullied die or like
Bria I don't even know I was so confused
I don't know how many times is happening
and then like the scope of the battles
don't understand what is the scale
because in one moment it's like there's
thousands of people fighting and then
the scene would cut and it's like oh
here's REO just walking through parts of
Winterfell without a soul around no
one's here and then it's like oh and
then cut to this person is like Oh big
battle is still going and then cut to
this random thing where there's like
three people standing here and nobody
else is happening and I'm like okay well
then cut here there's like I thought and
then like cut here was like wait what
the [ __ ] is he's like the fight over or
is that like a massive war raging on
we're like and then here's the guys like
what is happening I'm so lost on like
everything I don't understand also what
and like again like I don't want to be
like super critical of like military
tactics cuz it's a fantasy meme but like
what was the point of just suiciding the
whole Dothraki Army also I'm not even
gonna ask why do the Dothraki even want
to fight they're like what the [ __ ] were
they even there for I don't know why
they were just like dude like [ __ ] this
we're gonna go back across the sea like
this is some [ __ ] like and they just
like [ __ ] charge like what was the
point of that also I thought that that
charge I thought was it Jorah was the
one that well I thought he was gonna die
how did Georges come back from that like
yeah and then also what was like when
grey worm I thought that grey worm was
having to make like a really tough
decision to set fire to the barricade to
cut off his whole crew the unsullied I
thought that cuz they kept like showing
his face like 15 times like he was about
to make a big decision like okay buck
I'm sorry like my brother is boom but
then he just like but then he said it
and then they just all came through
anyway
like what was that even what was that
even about also lol how do they break
through the fire they just like sack
like three or four dudes to like just
lay on it and they all come running
across like hey I don't understand like
what was the point of all of that and
then I don't I don't understand like I
don't understand about anything and like
no main characters died but somehow they
keep transporting from front line to
front line to front line to front line
like transporting all over and they you
watch him die like 20 times like oh
there's like 50 monsters they don't I
feel like they didn't know how to set
like the tone of the battle at all and
like the clarity and everything I felt
like I was watching um what is the name
of um its Return of the King
do you remember remember in this song
you know how like the music changes and
like you can tell that the heroes at the
end of Lord of the Rings are starting to
get worn down and they're getting like
thrown to the ground and like oh like
you know you can tell that [ __ ] is
[ __ ] I felt like I watched this like
for an hour like where everybody was
like losing
but somehow nobody ever died like ever
it's like what is happening like how do
they keep moving like from like
teleporting from hopeless scenario to
hopeless scenario to hopeless scenario
like I don't understand Oh
and then I thought okay there were so
many parties that were like I literally
cringe like oh my god like I feel like
Game of Thrones feels like that thing
will you have a really funny name video
and you tell your friend like dududududu
come watch this this is so funny and
then you both sit and you watch it
together and you're watching it and
you're like oh my god wait this isn't
funny at all like oh my god this is so
cringy what is my friend gonna think
about me
that's what Game of Thrones feels like
right now like dude this is gonna be so
cool when
Aria and the and the red lady we're
having their moment she's like what do
we say to the kind of debt and Aria is
like not today and then she just like
runs she's just like runs on camera I
thought it was gonna be I thought that
when she said that I thought they were
gonna like go forward and they were
gonna like fight like all the people
coming out of him I thought they were
gonna do some crazy [ __ ] cuz it's like
the hound and her are two of arguably
the strongest people in the whole game
of Thrones world I thought it was gonna
be not today because when Serio said it
and I thought I was gonna like mirror
that scene right when Serio said not
today
then they he fights the dudes yeah and I
thought I thought that they were gonna
come through the door they were just
gonna [ __ ] kill everything
oh [ __ ] this is gonna be some [ __ ]
awesome [ __ ] she just like not today and
she's just like jogs off screen like I'm
gonna go do my mile today be right back
oh my god there is like so many things
that didn't make sense why did the jury
why did like where did your come from
Danny is like way on the outside of
everything and and she's like hopelessly
and you're like oh like what the [ __ ]
where the [ __ ] did you come from what is
even happening right now how did you get
out of [ __ ] waterfall and through the
hoards of like every time every single
time the camera panned it's like these
are like the walls of like um these are
like the walls of Winterfell and like
here's like all the monster zombie
people are like everywhere and like
Danny is like out here and George's
comes like from out of [ __ ] nowhere
and he gets like stabbed and killed like
400 - yeah or were treated like 50
fights and he was like what the [ __ ]
why didn't Danny and John why didn't
they use their dragons to maybe I don't
know help the people fight what the [ __ ]
were they doing the whole time flying
around also what is this new Laura meme
we're like why does John why do they
even have to be on the Dragons when they
fly around and shoot fire at people and
also what how did the night king lose
his dragon so easily what the [ __ ] even
happened why what did he just like die
they like Danny just flew in like oh
forgot they had a second dragon like oh
my god yeah the Dragons could have
killed so much [ __ ] and they did nothing
also I thought people knew that you were
supposed to set corpses on fire when
they died I thought that they were gonna
be like
I thought that part of the whole
barricade was gonna be them setting fire
to the corpses every time they retreated
from line to line to line they're gonna
set fire to our corpses why was
everybody surprised like oh [ __ ] the
dead are getting up like that's their
main mean dog that's literally the meme
that's what they do
it's the army of the Dead why wouldn't
you set fire to all the corpses
oh I could dude
as soon as Aria came running out as soon
as she did the thing where she jumped
and she and the guy caught her I was
like dude I felt so good for a brief
moment I was like oh my god that was so
lame I thought they were gonna have are
you randomly killed the night king but
thank God he caught oh yeah why did
Danny why did she land her dragon why do
people keep saying dumb why do people
keep doing the dumb seasons to build an
army one episode to lose it how did Aria
get past all of Winterfell that had just
been where I don't even know dude oh my
god we went like Simon we there were
like simultaneous moments were paired
simple and also Brienne and Jaime I
thought I saw them die but I don't even
know because everything was so hard to
see I couldn't see I feel so old
I felt so old I couldn't see anything I
couldn't see anything on my laptop what
was happening like I thought I watched
Brienne and and Jaime die like 50 times
I thought they were like oh you said
they're dead oh no they're dead like oh
but they're not they're still here Sam
is dead again everybody died oh my god
dude
I thought torment wait his torment still
alive see now wait torment was one of
the ones I thought really died because I
saw him die like most of people like
Jaime and Brienne I thought I saw them
die like three or four times
tormund died like six times though I
thought time I was like super-dead oh oh
he's alive okay I don't know
is Theon gonna be alive - I feel like
Theon's not dead
I feel like Theon is actually still
gonna be alive because they didn't show
him like close his eyes and he's like he
got up and like looked I feel like he's
gonna be alive I feel like he's gonna be
alive
maybe not he shouldn't be but I don't
know yeah also which dragon came in at
the end
where was that dragon the whole time I
can't keep track of which dragons were
like a librarian either because I
thought that when John crashed into the
ground
Arie I used the white Walker face nice I
thought when John crash on the ground I
thought that his dragon had died but I
guess it didn't he got up and got bored
and left for a little bit and then
Danny's dragon landed for some [ __ ]
reason
and then Danny's dragon but Danny's
dragon didn't die wait drogon waits or
both dragons alive oh so neither dragon
died
oh okay I don't know I have no idea dude
wait John's dragon never showed up isn't
it dead I thought John's dragon got
killed from all the clawing that the
night king did and then that's why he
fell off the dragon cuz the dragon fell
but oh wait no people think John's is
dead uh oh okay wait hold on who knows
looks like this is a highly contested
thing
jon's isn't dead watch the preview -
dragons in the next episode a well then
I guess it's yeah did you at least like
the scenes in the library where one guy
was like I'm spending my entire life my
life's mission
my whole life's mission is that I want
to direct one scene that reminds me of
Metal Gear Solid and I'm gonna do it
even if it makes no [ __ ] sense why
the [ __ ] anything is even [ __ ]
happening why in the [ __ ] I like how I
like how the White Walkers or where the
undead I like how there so I like how
they're so in tune with their senses
that they can hear drops of blood but
somehow when she's right in front of him
he looks down she's able to jump up on
the table and should and not be seen or
heard by anybody how did our us sneak
past a wall of eye walkers and white
surrounding bran and the Nike who knows
she's literally a trained assassin what
are you talking about Oh God the tabor
is the Normie cancer-killing Game of
Thrones Oh give me a break
she's literally literally trained for
like years to be an assassin I sue the
night game he's been preparing for this
invasion for longer than she's [ __ ]
been alive what do you mean
yeah but she's doing her own mystical
[ __ ] on her own - it's it's like
everybody has their [ __ ] thing like
okay are you kidding like seriously like
she can literally change her [ __ ]
face okay
so that means that she literally why
doesn't she just go kill Cersei then if
she can literally walk through like you
understand that after this episode of
the world she's made her way back okay
but I'm telling you that here's why
you're wrong I'm gonna cuz I'm Hawk once
I I just walked into the future like
bran does and I just taught and I don't
know I can tell you why you're wrong
ready are you ready so if she is able to
in the heat of all that [ __ ] just
randomly [ __ ] show up and kill the
night king like that then the next
episode should be the opening scene as
Cersei talking to the one two and then
area shows how the kills are instantly
and then walks away and the whole war is
over that's how it should go if it's
anything less than that and it's a total
waste
literally like Showtime took her like
twenty five minutes before we saw her
again because of Melisandre talked to
her and then she like she goes in even
blue eyes does she's gonna kill the
[ __ ] night king no [ __ ] yeah but I
thought it would be laying in some pool
there twenty five minutes of Showtime to
run across the Winterfell to get into
the [ __ ] garden
I'm trying to think
well none like like the your take is
just so bad I just don't even know where
to start like I'm trying to think okay
who else could have done it who else
could've it's not a matter of who could
have done it it's a matter of having
like a sad way to kill the night how
could it have happened a million ways
maybe you could have actually seen her
using the [ __ ] that she learned on
[ __ ] death Island to like infiltrate
the [ __ ] white Walker Kings or
whatever do some crazy [ __ ] like that
not just pop out of one [ __ ] scene
and randomly [ __ ] stab him like
that's the least satisfying way to have
her do her thing [ __ ] ever like it's
so it doesn't make sense like we didn't
need to see any character argue anything
she's ever done in her whole life for
her to jump from off-screen and just
[ __ ] stab him it does even make sense
what this happen sir see killer in three
episodes later it's not a matter of that
it's just making it satisfying you like
what you know would have been a more
satisfying way of doing it even though
this would have also been incredibly
[ __ ] lame a more satisfying way of
doing it would have been if another
white Walker would have walked up to the
night king to like talk to him or
something and then that would have been
are you and she would have stabbed him
at least then it would've been like oh
[ __ ] at least she used her disguise or
some [ __ ] not like [ __ ] jumped in
randomly from [ __ ] off-screen whether
she used to disguise or not and killed
him that way it's like fog like that's
so stupid like at least at least in that
way it could have been a [ __ ]
callback or something to things that are
you stunned before like imagine one of
White Walkers imagine a white Walker
like stabbing the night king and then
peeling off the mask to reveal its Arya
like she did in all the other ways that
she killed me I just think it would be
hard I don't know I guess so she can
change her face and why shouldn't I
guess there's like a million other ways
or imagine here you go this you know
what this would have been the nine
million IQ thing that would have taken
this episode from a negative four out of
ten to a three out of ten okay you know
what it would have been it would have
been this whole battle happening
everybody [ __ ] losing and everything
being [ __ ] okay and then all of a
sudden the night King walks up to bran
he takes his blade out and he raises it
to kill him and then brand us some
sick-ass dodge [ __ ] and stabs him in the
neck and brand and brand was Arya the
whole time and that was the point of the
whole setup was that Aria used her
abilities to pretend to be [ __ ] brand
and lured the night and bran is actually
extending behind the tree or some [ __ ]
and then you're like oh [ __ ] like
everything makes sense that's what they
had to sacrifice so much to lure him
there and then are you used her death
[ __ ] to dress up his brand and now
she [ __ ] killed him that would that I
would be like okay yeah fine sheriff
[ __ ] it now everything at least like I
understand why they did drag [ __ ] out so
much and all that [ __ ] it ever like
at the very least like wait does the
person have to be dead for her to use
their face I don't [ __ ] know she has
to kill to get the face well then how
does she disguise herself as a [ __ ]
white Walker whatever what or she could
have killed bran that would have been
even more [ __ ] epic holy [ __ ] no no
no well that's the whole point he can't
die or else the night king wins why
that's the whole point
wait she did it everybody is saying um
hold on am I allowed to show some of
this are might literally like DMCA it
off the face of the earth because I
don't to log into it people were saying
that um there's a scene right before the
night King talks to bran where one of
the White Walkers like looks behind him
and people like saying like oh that's
because somebody moved weird because
Arya was disguised as a white Walker
people are saying that I don't know if
that's actually what happened or not but
oh yeah that's true you don't have to
kill anything because her instructor did
use her own face sure okay yeah the some
guy like looks off to the side or
whatever mmm
have to watch those again I'm sure
destiny no one is saying that yeah that
was one of the top comments in here
[ __ ] there was something that you
mentioned that I was gonna say god damn
it what was the point of bran working
into the I don't know why he needed to
be worked so long I don't know if that's
what you call it but Rhema donation yeah
great take Tabor Arya isn't assassin
shaky she can jump in and kill the night
King from behind when his posse is
behind him great take Tabor who a magic
ICC's got real mad at you
Tara's the worst egg of 2019 and it's
only April damn Oh
and then also I don't care about that
anymore I thought that Sansa and Tyrion
yes we're gonna know I thought they're
gonna kill themselves oh that's what
that setup was for 100% I thought they
were gonna kill those so they wouldn't
get turned into like 19 like wow like
all the [ __ ] we went through really yeah
100% they both take their daggers out
like they're about to like cut their own
throats or some [ __ ] 100% and then they
were like up and then they just like ran
into the Crypt and nothing happened
no yes I never once thought that was
gonna happen I thought that was a really
nice moment between the two
Oh God why would they kill themselves
they get turned it away
really because everyone else in this
episode seems to have forgotten that the
Dead come back to life so I don't know
maybe they forgot I was I liked how
everybody in chat was saying like when I
was like hey isn't it kind of weird that
like they're going to the Crypt all the
dead are and everybody's like well
actually there's special sorts of House
Stark that protect those corpses or
whatever in sight so that means Lyanna
stark came out and just [ __ ] killed
everybody huh yes and I can't tell I
thought okay people are criticizing
Melisandre dying [ __ ] off Melisandre
probably died because she served her
purpose that was tell me why she died I
can't actually believe that this is the
end of like the whole war that this is
how it ended I can't believe it
this is so stupid it was so dumb we
built up for six seasons to the dumbest
[ __ ] in the whole [ __ ] world oh my
god
they still have to kill Cersei who cares
about that [ __ ] now though this was
supposed to be the big meme like that
well at this point I hope Susie wins
yeah everybody's [ __ ] because now I
mean the fact that the night king was
killed at all
Cersei might as well win I knew I pride
myself as soon as the episode opened
with the as soon as the episode opened
with the [ __ ] Dothraki literally just
[ __ ] rolling off into the [ __ ]
night to kill themselves I knew it was
gonna be [ __ ] I knew it as soon as I
saw that
the night king isn't going to come back
there's three episodes
didn't the didn't the dead use like that
I heard I briefly heard you mention it
before I came on your the whole mean of
them like laying on the fire then they
use that before for something else I
don't even remember
they they formed a chain underwater
right maybe I'm not hold on with some
black season I see a darkness in you
and in that darkness eyes staring back
at me brown eyes blue eyes green eyes
I just don't know
let me go how many times did Gendry die
this episode wait so who is confirmed
dead jor is probably dead Theon is like
50/50 um oh the one flame sword guys
probably is dead he's dead for sure
the little girl oh yeah I own a Mormont
she's like the biggest character that
died did all the did all the wolves -
honey the dire wolves
oh yeah a ghost ran in with all the
Dothraki oh I'm sure he's gonna come
back alive did you watch the post
episode talk oh no no no so way to stay
on actually super done well the only
thing I saw the post episode talk was
how they wanted to give the audience
like a false sense of hope whenever all
the Dothraki [ __ ] was on fire and then
they just like all disappeared they just
wanted to like do that like instantly
EDI is the Nights Watch ii don't even
know what the [ __ ] that is I don't care
my favourite screenshot from the episode
okay thank God I'm not old Thank You
holy [ __ ] I got so scared that I'm just
like getting old I feel like we need to
slow the [ __ ] down on [ __ ] CG iron
[ __ ] cuz oh my god
you
what's your bet red oak a currency shut
the compression was garbage what do most
of you guys watch on just curious yeah I
was on my laptop I was like what what do
you use what do you scream it from a lot
of people are saying HBO do you guys
know that if you have Amazon Prime you
can literally watch it on Amazon Prime I
don't know what your opinions on Game of
Thrones are trash but you are still my
favorite streamer haha you can yeah
apparently a lot of people don't know
this and I don't see anybody ever
mention it but if you have Amazon Prime
you can just watch Game of Thrones there
cuz I was getting to watch it earlier I
think it was getting released on amazon
prime before HBO go because I used to be
ahead of you guys last season no yes you
can yeah you can click the extension
that's on your twitch screen viewers
from the first thing that pops up is
prime video channels and it's a
screenshot of John and Danny oh [ __ ] I
think you have to link an HBO account
you need an additional HBO membership
wait do I have that wait how do I see if
I'm paying for that HBO has an
additional charge and what's the point
why did they advertise that I like how
John still does the thing where he just
runs in over and over again and doesn't
[ __ ] dick all and just [ __ ] yeah you
really thought he was gonna I thought
that's where he was gonna die so did
John's dragon die I apparently not got
its mouth ripped off right oh this guy
who the [ __ ] I don't know apparently
he's not dead okay all right I just have
enough vision complain three more
episodes and then we can be done with
this I hope that they just come one sign
after the next and it's not like a pause
between them like some holiday or some
[ __ ] or some Super Bowl or something
I was terrible but Jesus Christ yeah how
did Danny's dragon survive he must have
gotten stabbed like 800 [ __ ] times
yeah could you imagine a filler episode
the next episode is gonna be filling oh
my no how the [ __ ] are they gonna get
down to King's Landing they're just
gonna skip like three months of the show
to be honest those tabs are pretty small
compared to a big-ass dragon really late
let's say you had things that were like
the size of your finger all crawling on
you and stabbing you don't think that
would weigh on you eventually they were
like a hundred monsters I bet you could
die from getting paper cuts every paper
cut these would be like people stabbing
you with like maybe toothpicks or
something like I feel like a hundreds of
these stabs or every centimeter on your
body yeah not a needle how many
toothpicks stabs to kill someone
No
it's really hot how every non namecard
gotta take my whites with weapons and
every named character gets attacked by
unarmed whites oh yeah dude man that
would be it would sucked me one of these
fights if you weren't someone important
cuz man they come at you hard with like
[ __ ] weapons and [ __ ] but if you're
important if you're Sam they just
basically are want like a bunch of
piggyback rides like holy [ __ ] like how
many [ __ ] whites have Sam carry
around his [ __ ] huge body over and
over again Jesus stays hydrated [ __ ]
tears he cries yeah I know how many
times he paced himself show like holy
[ __ ] okay all right I'm leaving
okay I love you have fun I'm gonna go a
result I think name is as bad as this
some [ __ ] I'm ending it all Jesus
Christ guys Lois car he's talking about
Game of Thrones I bet he liked it scar
seems like the kind of guy that really
liked it [ __ ] me I'm just saying I
brought up I got some I got some it's
Lily did she even watch it oh maybe she
doesn't wanna go dive in see you in four
hours for endgame review wait oh yeah
just be careful yep so get out I'm
serious get out I I'm literally gonna
spoil the episode in fifty seconds 40
seconds actually get out thanks car will
respond to me on disscourn
oh definitely just sent me I want to say
I won't give any spoilers here because I
know your wedding okay I set a really
low bar for Game of Thrones and I am
astounded that it manages to get lower
and lower every [ __ ] time oh holy
[ __ ] yeah my grabs may not be as bad as
yours but there are some things I'm just
like hmm hmm okay for non spoilery can
we get a Boomer a Boomer unite thing
okay most people agree to me I'm glad on
this I couldn't see [ __ ] for having this
[ __ ] episode me I turned off more
light tonight yeah I put my blinds down
I like made sure my laptop brightness
was cranked I could not see [ __ ] oh my
god I was so upset I was just like is it
like it was I agree with you he just is
[ __ ] nonsense okay all right that's
all I have to go watch my reason I just
wanted to make sure that he's got a good
things that I like a nuclear take thanks
buddy okay have fun bye oh [ __ ] all
right I talking about a little more but
I have to leave but I'm okay all huskar
I can't I was so happy not happy because
my like my hopes had already been like
crushed it's like if a doctor says like
we have to amputate your arm and then
he's like oh hold on we only have to
amputate it like up to the elbow and
you're like oh and then he's like up
nope never mind we have to take both
arms I like as soon as the night king
caught arya and it was like oh like cool
like the callback do you guys know where
that callback came from with the way
that are you killed with the way that
are you killed the night king do you
guys know where it came from
it wasn't even it wasn't even a relevant
or good callback like this is literally
a training fight between Brienne this is
literally like a training fight between
Brienne and Arya so it wasn't even like
a relevant callback this like changing
hands with the dagger
so stupid will you be on later if I run
again probably not I'm probably gonna
sleep after how will they fight next
time some about any army left um they're
gonna have at least half the army left
now a little less than half that's my
prediction little they'll have a little
bit less than half
[Music]
do you think you'll ever be a pro-gamer
again no amazing right is when you first
establish it the bad guys all have super
amazing hearing literally hear the sound
of a drop of blood hitting the ground
and then have the bad guys defeated
because 100 of them gets snuck up on ya
you
is this actually unedited honestly it
wouldn't surprise me oh my god okay what
was brand doing the entire time
I don't know did maybe just wanted to go
have some [ __ ] Raven sex or some [ __ ]
Jesus Christ
the show is dark and full of terrors
uh and the brightness was turned up so
hard I could see the artifacting like
really hard on my stream - which was
actually like showing like true dark or
very dark colors is actually it seems
like it's pretty hard when all the
screen is [ __ ] dark you get a lot of
like artifacting and [ __ ] so it looks
pretty bad okay I love you guys it's
been fun wherever you know unless you go
out OLED yep you're [ __ ]
even with Olli LED cuz it's compression
artifacts not just showing the dark so
it's like actually like yeah what was
the point of brand he just knows
everything and can't tell anyone about
it
yeah I don't know dude I'm not sure the
music was good yeah the music was really
suck you
that's a good name
are we on season six or seven eight okay
I love you guys is my phone peace out
[Music]
