Wow my dude what's up hey are you done
pretty good how you doing all right all
right we're live are you ready to chat
my dude why not wait oh did you say why
not yeah why not sure okay well I guess
here's like my general question why do
you feel like you have to tie yourself
to people that aren't even alive anymore
to be like proud of yourself or to feel
like some level of success I'm really
curious I've never understood this
feeling about personal success I think
that's I get this a lot online it's not
about personal success or failure I get
this a lot from people who say that your
personal failures by aligning yourself
to your race or whatever this isn't even
really as much about race even for me I
mean it's about I don't mind favorable
white ethno state in general or any of
those types of considerations I mean
your name is literally mostly nightmare
and you reference the Warsaw Uprising
are we gonna pretend now that nothing
that you said in any of this
conversation was about race are we we're
gonna talk about race okay yes okay well
I mean I'm shy I'm just under the
impression it sounded like you were like
heavily invested in the race thing but
it I mean we can it's definitely a topic
that comes up a lot with me and I'm
definitely very I guess interested in it
certainly yes okay I mean you won't you
specifically called this out when I
referenced white culture yeah you
understand the difference between white
why there isn't really like white
culture black culture but there is black
culture whatever it's like the blacks we
took the blacks from Africa I get it and
they don't really they can't trace their
lineage back I get that I get that
Americans can trace their lineage back
to Europe but that doesn't mean that
whites don't also have a culture black
culture is kind of a reaction to white
culture in fact okay don't necessarily
agree with that but um I mean this is
like the general this is like the
general reason why there is like a unity
of black people in the United States but
for white people it just it works a
little bit differently because we are
Germans and Russians and British English
people whatever we can trace it back
a little differently I didn't seem like
you understood that distinction on
Twitter but I guess you do now do I do
okay a - and that's also in my opinion
nonsensical because we're not most
American whites are not one specific
Irish or German or whatever I mean
personally I'm a mix of many different
European ethnicities as many people are
that's why white American is different
for instance from Polish polish culture
is different so white American why do
you feel so strongly that this is like
such an important part of who you are
this like white culture thing why is it
so important to you it's not about who I
mean I am white certainly and I am a
part of white culture but they're things
I enjoy from black culture I love the
NBA for instance I love sports in
general there are many sports that are
dominated by blacks and by Hispanics for
instance like the Houston Astros are
just won the World Series they were a
team of mostly Hispanics and that mostly
Dominicans and okay right like okay so
like your running back on like
everything you said now because you
literally were saying like the founding
fathers recognized immigration was to be
the for the benefit of the native
culture and stuff like they did okay so
why is like the whole white ice and
everything why is this so important to
you is why what I'm asking I guess I'm
free when it was at its highest power
which essentially to me would probably
be in the 1950s would be post-war I mean
obviously there are reasons for why that
was but if this is an argument that I
get from Jerry Taylor also know as well
is that when you look at American the
world in general whites when they were
the vast majority of the country 90%
which is what this was before 1960 the
entire United States was 90% white in
general a point we were the leaders of
the world now we're diminishing more and
more each year whereas the Chinese for
instance are raising and the Chinese are
90% conscious and that Chinese are
engaging things like eugenics for
instance which we would never do in this
country and they're doing it on an
industrial scale they're do you think we
should engage in eugenics I think it's
something we should certainly have are
you Pro socialism
that doesn't necessarily I mean
obviously a socialist structure would be
more have a lot more ability to
implement a eugenics system because they
would have a central top-down economic
structure essential top-down political
structure it just seems it seems very
weird to me that you would say America
was at its height in the 50s and then
you like you're citing America's
likability like really the capitalism
that drove us our individual outlook on
the world individual freedoms that
Americans enjoy and now you're like well
in order to get back to that level of
freedom we had we need to literally turn
into eugenics advocating China I'm not
saying that all I'm saying the change
China recognizes racial differences we
don't I mean we kind of have this this I
mean we do I think there are many people
who do obviously and it depends on which
you know what study you're taking part
in they're biologists a lot of usually
Excel you the differences between
different races and there are so why
does any of this matter and because
we're having a discussion I mean like
you you've invited me here to talk about
white culture right so I'm answering
questions from you yet
oh yeah sure and I'm asking you like why
does it matter even if there are racial
differences why can't we have different
types of Superman country mission comes
from white pursuits ninety to
ninety-five percent in general okay
because we have like successful
immigrant founded businesses in the
United States like we have people that
have immigrated from other parts of the
world that still contribute here because
it's the United States of America
because there's a ton of economic
opportunity here opportunity because the
white culture here was superior there's
nothing with the white culture here it
has to do with the opportunity nobody
comes here people don't migrate here
from our immigrating from Nigeria
because they want to be part of the
white culture because they want the
Economic Opportunity here full culture
wait outside your might cut out what did
you say culture okay I don't know I I
what do you what do you do that's not it
kind of is though I'm trying to
understand like I'm trying to set your
head cuz I don't understand like you
think that people like across the ocean
like try to find like the like okay I
have my degree I'm a very successful
business person I'm ready to go and
invest like I'm gonna go see who has the
best culture like
just like a really strange oh okay
that's ridiculous they're going to
choose the opportunity yeah economic
opportunity studies yeah what does that
have to do with white culture or culture
the best culture for me because white
cultures create those economic just like
Asian cultures do I mean like poor just
say the agent cultures we're at like
what 60% white people in America it
still seems like we've got a lot of the
like the largest companies here there's
no people that immigrate here like what
it's not and we there are a number of
reasons why people immigrate here the
biggest part is the fact that being poor
here is better than being rich in their
countries for the most part I mean the
the vast majority of the rest of the
world is still impoverished so I mean
the fact that well okay so firstly I'm
not I mean look at America maybe I think
it's probably okay to be poor in most of
the Western world in fact you're
probably better off being poor and a lot
of wars
I say socialized countries when in
countries have better welfare structures
you're better off being poor in Germany
I know that's for sure you're better off
being poor in any Nordic country wider
countries in the u.s. okay but them
being white is an intrinsic to them
being successful it's not like if there
were you know 20% black people there all
of a sudden the social structures
disappear that provide like socialized
medicine or the things that provide like
education it's exactly what happened in
South Africa I mean they'd been the
whites were at majority in that country
for a very long time and up until about
the early 1900's in fact so so you're
saying that at certain point of the
United States somehow we're just gonna
reach the tipping point they're gonna be
too many black people here and then all
of a sudden everything is gonna go to
[ __ ] maybe - not to me non-white people
here but Chinese people are okay so what
kind of brown people are we talking
about the topic of immigration when
you're talking about that I mean maybe
issues politics right I mean it's not
it's for me it is all right now I'm not
you're a liberal right or you would
describe your describe yourself is
leaning more towards the left or
democratically right sure okay so you
are you aware that seven out of ten
Hispanic families in the United States
are life long Democrats mean for both
among voting families sure I Spanx I
come here the more left this country's
goes them it
okay right so I like conservativism I
like small government I like low taxes I
like you know the Second Amendment I
like a lot of conservative ideals not
all of them you know how you're not a
big fan of the Constitution
why because the Constitution allows you
the right to vote as long as you're
naturalized citizen and it sounds like
you disagree with the naturalization
process the people that immigrated here
that are Hispanic are as much of an
American as you are why don't you like
the fact that they can vote are you
against the Constitution just it's not a
lot it's a really basic thing so if you
come to the United States and you're
naturalized as a citizen you're endowed
the right to vote right this is what
we've decided this is what was written
in the Constitution do you disagree with
that notion yes why we should have been
choosing like we did for the first 200
years of this country who comes here and
takes part in American culture we did
choose and then we made a different
decision because it's granted to
Congress the power to the heart do you
know what that decision was yeah I sure
do yeah it was the 1965 Immigration Act
also referred to as the heart cellar act
70% of Americans based on multiple polls
at the time were in favor of changing up
the way that we did immigration and it
also had bipartisan support in Congress
so yeah ever everybody in America was
for this change yes it did from the men
okay they were thinking about you can
read me all the quotes you want my dude
even dixiecrats voted for that bill I
mean you're not gonna fight there is no
grand conspiracy of the majority of
Americans and bipartisan support in
Congress got it passed dog there was no
grand conspiracy here who was who lied
how would they lied how would they like
yep okay out of deference to the critics
I want to comment on what the bill will
not do first our cities will not be
flooded with million immigrants annually
we taken about three million immigrants
in this country per year right so that's
that's wrong right there first and
foremost okay
secondly under the proposed bill the
present level of immigration remain
substantially the same ok that's
obviously ridiculous immigration has
jumped so much in the past 50 years it's
completely out of a historical pattern
that we none of these courts are back
your initial claim up so far but go
ahead important part Edward Kennedy
Democrat from Massachusetts said this
secondly the ethnic mix of this country
will not be upset ok obviously is that
yes these are men who literally said oh
wait wait hold on your initial claim was
that they lied about it do you have a
quote in here showing me somewhere that
he knew what the impact was going to be
of that immigration bill or are you
totally pulling that at your ass this
was one of the crafters of the bill and
yes saying it will not mix the it will
not change the ethnic mix of the can you
prove time that he thought it would I'll
complete the quote contrary to the
charges in some quarters s500 the bill's
name will not inundate America with
immigrants from any one country or area
or the most populated and economically
deprived nations of Africa and Asia well
actually it obviously has because the
majority of our immigrants are Hispanic
can you prove that they knew that at the
time because your initial claim was that
they lied when they saw what was coming
out about the bill to the American
public they were saying this was a
stopgap to basically correct historical
racial ills this is this they did they
claimed at the very least that this
would not change the ethnic mix of this
country and that they knew that it was
going to cuz you said they lied about it
how do you know they weren't just
mistaken okay oh if you don't think they
did then they didn't then what are we
arguing about
yeah the 1965 immigration bill passed
nobody thought that I would have the
impact it did it obviously a much
different impact than a lot of people
thought it would why are we talking
about it because that was the point
where our immigration policy got so out
of whack that is going to change this
country forever sure it ain't you
changed you know they're the Carnation
people what at the time does not mean
it's not adding the effect that it is I
never claimed about I never said
anything about the effects of it you're
the one that initially played perfectly
except the lack because the people
supported it back then in 1972 or any
excuse me 1964 I mean that's kind of how
our system works yeah it's a democratic
republic the people supported it they
like
here but I hear this a lot - what about
slavery we thought slavery was
acceptable at one point yeah what is it
then we changed them - I mean what about
it now I changed and I think and many
many people have changed their view of
this bill okay we'll try I guess your
goal - to elect a person to change the
Immigration Act then I guess we did why
he hasn't done it yet I'm sorry dude
you're a bad surprise of youth a trump
is getting any comprehensive immigration
reform through through Congress but I
mean good luck my did just basically
stole Pat Buchanan's entire election
platform and that's how he won and as he
basically took patty cannon set 20 years
beforehand any motton I mean mimicked
him essentially in Steve an annuity bans
when poor castrated that entire campaign
so I mean I don't love Trump but at
least somebody was talking about
immigration that's why Trump won that's
exactly the reason Trump won okay all
right so so we've dropped the original
claim that they lied to pass that act
right that was just a big name right is
that lays how did Jared Taylor thing as
he say that a lot because I've heard
that claim from other people but you
have absolutely no proof of that you
just believe that based on your own gut
feeling your statements at the time but
you can't prove that they were making
those statements of the time maliciously
there's no evidence of standing or fill
apart whose name is on the bill right
the notion was created that somehow or
another 190 million people which was the
population in 1965 are going to be
swallowed up none of us would want that
this bill does not seek to do it and
this bill could not do it okay you have
any proof that he misled people
intentionally on that well part a liar
I'm saying that he didn't know what the
bill was going to do and the bill is
that disaster responsible oh okay we can
argue that we didn't know what the boat
was going to do I'm okay with that yeah
for sure
nobody at the time knew how dramatically
it would impact the American
demographics but they didn't
intentionally lied to the American
public and nobody was mislead and nobody
was malicious about the passing of the
legislation in 1960 wait how was it a
lot wait okay let's say that I let's say
that I tell my friends I'm gonna drive
us to the bar and I'm not gonna get in
an accident and then I drive and then
some guy t-bones me or something or it's
something [ __ ] something I do does
that mean I lied
it's really weird you still lied
wait so you would consider that a lie or
like let's say let's say that I tell
like I tell like a kid or something I go
I'll go pick you up from school at 4:00
p.m. and then I get into a cry or like
my car breaks down or something right
now I'm not able to get there would you
said oh you lied when you said you were
coming at 4:00 p.m. is that a lie you
implied there was some malice in your
tone of voice I mean it's not a
malicious lie I mean it's a lie that
that in retrospect you were incorrect
about do you not agree that the term
like carries with it mal-intent do I
think if you make a claim that later
turns out to not be true then you were
incorrect which means that your claim
was fallacious it was a lie so incorrect
and liar the same I'm just gonna get the
words correct so to you being incorrect
and lying are the same thing you you
recognized that nobody else like really
uses it that way right like if you would
have hand in a math assignment and you
were wrong on like questions 4 5 & 6
your teacher wouldn't say why did you
lie on 4 5 & 6 or something weird like
that writer yeah no I mean it's it's
looking back on it at the statements
they were clearly incorrect okay I'm not
trying to assign malice so you're lying
something right now hold on are you
lying to me and I don't appreciate it
okay you were trying to assign malice
that was the point of your quote mining
that you just did okay because you don't
fully understand how the 1965 Act you
were trying to say that there was some
verse what no you don't you really don't
do you know why do you know why do you
know why it was changed that first
provision to make it so that one of the
most important reasons was so that
families of people could could immigrate
here and how that ended up being like
one of the worst parts of it in terms of
changing the demographic composition
that particular thing that was put in
the reason why that provision was
changed was actually to apply or was
actually to bring over the more races to
people like you because the idea was the
only way that they could get part of the
the racist Democrats the Dixiecrats part
of the reasons why they could get them
on board is because they made it so one
of the most important thing was to bring
over family members because most of the
people in America were white at that
point in time they thought that if they
changed it so that mainly family members
were given preferential treatment more
white people would come over but that
first provision the
put in ended up being one of the big
reasons why so many other types of
people came over because people would
emigrate and then bring their families
