Dustin you agree that this is completely
internally consistent right it's just
impractical so the challenge that I
would have for this guy his argument is
internally consistent but it all hinges
on something that I think is impossible
to defend and that is the idea that
somebody below the age of somebody below
a certain age is capable of giving
informed consent to a behavior that's
the that would be the challenge right is
you need to prove to me that somebody
below the age of I mean even if we don't
say 18 like 14 or 13 is capable of
understanding the ramifications of
engaging in a sexual relationship with a
30-plus year old and that they have to
prove that they're making that decision
free of any type of influence that that
person could could have harmful
ramifications that they say know that
these questions are essentially am not
[ __ ] that's my whole party are
essentially like impossible to answer
which is why we typically don't let
children consent to things like this I
think that that challenge is
insurmountable I don't think you could
ever prove that there are certain
societal frameworks that I could see
where pedophilia would be nonchalant but
we don't live in that society right now
unfortunately or unfortunately I
shouldn't say that we don't live in that
society right now I guess unfortunately
for pedophiles what do we know that a
ten year old doesn't know all right I
mean I know a lot of things that a ten
year old doesn't know I don't know what
do you feel like you know about as much
as a 10 year old no my dude I guess
that's a personal question for you to
answer
sure but that's from a practical point
of view that is in our society we can't
imagine the relationship dynamics in a
40 year old and a 14 year old which is
healthy and sexual sure the unable table
but I mean all of the arguments that
we're gonna make from this are going to
be within the context of our society
right destiny that guy is obviously
going to reverse the question you're
asked how can you prove a child is
incapable of consenting to a decision oh
well because I can provide a number of
hypotheticals that would make consent
very very hazy let's say for instance
that you have a 30 year old babysitter
and you're a nine-year-old kid let's say
that the babysitter propositions you for
sex how can that child be sure that he
can say no to the babysitter without
suffering any kind of harmful
repercussions if the babysitter decides
to force him or herself on the child the
child has no way to protect himself
if the babysitter decides to mistreat
the child because the child said no the
child might feel like they have no
recourse so they can't do anything
because the person is much stronger much
larger an adult compared to them they
won't be believed or trust it if they
complain that the babysitter did
something wrong I mean you can propose a
number of hypotheticals a very
reasonable hypotheticals where it's like
well in this situation like a child
couldn't reasonably say yes or no you
know that the that the power
differential and the amount of influence
that the other person who's asking for
the sexual relationship has over the
child makes it impossible for that child
to truly give it an informed consent
consensual decision on but a babysitter
already sets up a power dynamic well yes
but most adults are interacting with
children in ways that a power dynamic
has been established like how many times
is a nine-year-old just meeting a random
30 year old for no reason like
unfortunately he would retort back with
sometimes pedophilia should be okay so
therefore it shouldn't be outlawed
across the board but the problem is the
reason why it is outlawed against the
board
well it's outlawed because of icky
reasons but the reason why morally it
should be a lot against the board is
because it is impossible for a third
party observer here is the problem okay
is that if we view pedophilia Croatian
ships as a sort of black box we have a
third party observer okay now this might
be is it consensual versus a
non-consensual this relationship might
be consensual this relationship might be
non-consensual but there is no possible
way for an outside observer to ever
determine if a sexual relationship
a massive power imbalance is consensual
or non-consensual there's just no way
for an outside observer to know the
answer to that you can't possibly know
the answer to that which is why we make
all of it not okay because the only
people that are capable of determining
whether or not it's truly consensual
will be the victim right so and if it's
a non-consensual sexual relationship
than the victims ability to complain
about the relationship is oftentimes
compromised so it's not you frivolous
use the argument of I don't want to talk
to X leftist even though they are
willing because I think their ideas are
too extreme the argument be
hypotheticals in turbulent our
discussion about the advocate of
legalized pedophilia is a good use of
time pedophilia represents an
interesting discussion about people's
views of ethics things like consent
these are all things that are very
practical realistic topics that we are
engaged
right now in society this whole
Hollywood scandal and everything are
things that were engaging with right now
the idea of creating a fantasy utopia
where a board of workers decides how a
factor is used and then Commission's a
man in society take products while you
is boring delusional [ __ ] fantasy
that has never worked in any point in
all of human history it's not an
interesting conversation okay
I'm sorry that this offends you but I
really just don't give a [ __ ] about
anything relating to communism or
socialism it's been failed every single
time it's been attempted and even the
discussion even the thought of it is
dreadfully boring to me wouldn't it be
cool if everybody owned the factory dude
and then we could all just make
decisions about what's best for society
the board of workers I don't care it's
if you want to talk about it that's fine
but it's so fun it's such a boring
thoughtless mind experiment I don't care
it has no practical implication to
reality what we're both workers in real
life do like okay I don't know what I
mean I guess we have unions it's not
really the same thing but like
conversations on ethics or the
philosophy of how we approach like
consent or something are very
interesting conversations that have a
lot of very real life very practical
applications that are important to us
now right the idea of a consensual
sexual relationship that that isn't that
doesn't just apply to pedophilia that
applies to a lot of different things the
the fantasy that is communism or
socialism is just a boring conversation
that is just I don't care don't
discussions about communism have
implications for the ethics of wage
labor and redistribution of wealth
I guess maybe but I feel like I would
have to go and read Marx to actually get
some good arguments about it because
most of the arguments that I hear people
just utter like as a single line are
countered immediately and then they go
oh yeah
like all like what like all labor is the
error all all labor is like the
exploitation of the work or whatever
well no [ __ ] you're exploiting the
worker but the worker is also exploiting
your capital in order to learn or wage
like I mean like it's a two-way
relationship right I don't know I gotta
talk to people like that before that'll
say something like well destiny every
time you work for somebody they're just
taking advantage of you to make money
off of your labor and your labor is
never gonna be worth as much as they're
paying you well no [ __ ] they're earning
a profit on it because they're providing
you the capital to work your labor right
when you go to McDonald's and sell a
cheeseburger you're
you are using their building you're
using their supply chain you're using
their technology to sell burgers to
other people of course they're gonna
take a cut of that but I mean you're
engaging in it somewhat consensually
right depending I guess on your life
circumstances I don't know I just find
all of these arguments to be really
really really really really really
really really really boring really
[ __ ] boring then have no practical
implication to anything that have no I
get nothing in my worldview is ever
going to be changed or shaped by a
discussion with communist or socialist
it's just insanely [ __ ] boring
this intense need to be rooted in the
real and now is often associated with
autism perhaps you should be more
willing to give theoretical discussions
a chance theoretical discussions are
more interesting to me when they're
related and like very very like like
existential things like if you want to
talk about like the nature of
consciousness or or maybe like the
purpose of life or the discovery of an
objective morality like those are
interesting questioning I don't know
socialism and communism are just really
fun okay if anybody from ok I'll do it
right now if you want to do it if
anybody from the politics chat wants to
come on and talk about socialism or
communism this is your chance if you
want to do it sure thing okay who wants
is anybody oh do I have any volunteers
yeah it is really awesome when an
employee gets X and a 30 and a CEO gets
37 X yeah that's awesome right yeah so
again like these are like the child
like the child like when you're like
maybe you are a ten year old dude I
don't even know if you're a lot on
Twitch if you're making arguments that
are this [ __ ] immature right so of
course a CEO is going to make a [ __ ] ton
more than than a low-level employee if
what is his name Sam Walton is that the
owner of Walmart the is that this guy's
name if this guy were to get on Twitter
right now and spam the n-word okay
how many millions of people would have
their wages impacted how many millions
of shareholders would have their
portfolios tanked how many millions of
jobs that are related to Walmart could
be grossly impacted the CEO of a company
has the ability to potentially
single-handedly destroy a company of
course somebody like that is going to be
compensated at a much higher level than
than a line level employee like via CEOs
get paid a [ __ ] ton more than employees
but they also have the ability to do an
incredible amount of harm to the company
there are millions of jobs potentially
maybe not millions but oftentimes
thousands tens of thousands or hundreds
of thousands of jobs that are resting on
some of these companies
all right Kayla Corey what's up buddy
apparently you're willing to talk to a
socialist and I got 4,000 dat's all
right what do you want well what you
never want to talk to socialists so what
what Sony and socialism I dude tell me
of the evils why is capitalism an evil
system capitalism is an evil system it's
a bad system why it's capitalism a bad
system so fundamentally you this has to
start with an ethics conversation yep
about what's one but I think that you
mostly at least have at times said
things that are necessary so we have to
care about what would make society best
for everyone okay yep Rawls curtain yeah
yeah so having established that sort of
the reason that capitalism is flawed and
socialism would probably be better is
because when you look at capitalism it
presents a series of incentives which
are bad for everyone as a whole because
it focuses on specifically profit rather
than better systems of determining
what's best for everyone okay well let's
start with this why can't the government
guide businesses to work in a
capitalistic way such that the profit
motive does benefit Society for instance
a program like cap and trade so there
are a lot of government regulations that
would make capitalism better and to the
extent that they would make capitalism
better it's because they're taking the
decisions out of the hands of
capitalists because the capitalists
motive of profiting themselves is not in
the sighs best interest and it's only
when we prevent them from doing that by
enforcing other rules on them that it
makes it better okay
how does socialism address this
there are a variety of different
socialist systems that people might
hypothesize I think that people told me
to talk to Irish laddie before and use I
don't actually know what he is I know
there's also some man comes and stuff in
our chat I am pretty in favor of a large
state democratic socialism so you would
have a society in which there are
government organizations that you could
think of as I mean it won't be the same
but you could think of it as like
nationalized businesses right
nationalized sectors of the economy so
if you if you go to if you go to work
for that company you get paid something
and then you can use that money to go
and buy things from ok wait hold on look
so focusing on the specific question I'm
asking how to socialism get rid of those
incentives it sounds like the incentives
are still there the difference is that
well the incidents aren't there because
there are no capitalists because they're
private because all of the property
would be owned in public right a
nationalized industry doesn't have the
same incentives as a capitalist owned
industry so there is no profit there is
no profit ok so where do people who want
to invest in businesses come from why
would anybody make an investment in a
business or do anything that with any
level of risk people don't invest in
businesses because that's not how
because when all the property is owned
in public the decisions about where
investment goes is made by the
government as a whole
ok so how do you get like new technology
or new businesses or products that
people will if if you want new
technology or new products you the
government decides that they want that
and then they pay people to work on
those things do you think it's realistic
to expect that the government on its own
is going to come up with all of the
innovation that the private sector can
to the government on its own will think
of all of these ideas of better iPhones
or anything like that on its own left to
do its own devices or yes when you when
you talk about these people coming up
with ideas right all these ideas are
invented by people
who do that right sometimes driven by a
profit motive though some people might
hypothetically Bouma be motivated by a
profit motive but most of most ideas are
a come up with by someone on salary or
be come soon when who isn't yet the
owner of you know capital but then once
they come up with the idea they set up
the process of benefiting from that as a
capitalist right yeah but how do you
decide which ideas make it through or
not it's usually businessmen that decide
which ideas are viable and well invest
that money and that idea it does every
idea just get equal investment under a
socialist system or well so right if you
have a nationalized industry like I
don't know if we have any of those
anymore in the u.s. well if you had a
nationalized industry with the trains
then if you come up with an idea for how
to better implement you know a train
system you've presented to people who
are worked there and who are experts on
that train system and then they would
decide if the that makes sense for the
train system and you could apply that
across any hypothetical industry is
there any Society in all of human
history that has emulated this model
successfully and maintained the level of
innovation that capitalism has yes sort
of so there's no no one who specifically
implemented this system that I'm
describing because the only time it's
been implemented there has not they have
not allowed Democratic control over the
means of production to remain so there
are several societies that have started
implementing them and then mostly been
immediately [ __ ] over by some much
larger stronger country as soon as
possible I guess it just seems unlikely
to me that like a government board like
knowing how [ __ ] [ __ ] most people
are that some democratically elected
government board could make optimal
decisions about how to move forward in a
given industry well so a government
force is not going to make the optimal
decisions to afford an industry but then
again the market doesn't make optimal
decisions on how to move forward in
history either it's a question of
there's always going to be failures in
process somewhere no one's going to be
perfect but when you're looking at what
the government's failures are going to
be they're going to err on the side of
protecting people as a whole
whereas capitalist will err on the side
of [ __ ] over every other person for
their own personal benefit
okay I guess I just I have a really hard
time buying that there's like um like
this idea that you can just elect a
board of people that will know like all
of the best things to do in society and
will make all of like the right choices
for like technological innovation and
technological investment and that like
this magical board of people again that
just seems like so fantastical to me I'm
not sure there's a board of people who
make all these decisions right I'm
saying you you would fundamentally right
now at Apple right there's what really
happens is technically when you make
profits the people who benefit are
shareholders now a lot of shareholders
are on the board but realistically what
happens is you go up the process there's
a CEO who makes decisions to employ and
they're a whole bunch of them plays
below him that make decisions they're
whole bunch of employees below him that
make decisions all these people are the
people are actually making decisions and
some of them might be benefiting you
know as shareholders but some of them
might not be but if you just replaced
all of those people as shareholders with
not being shareholders they would be
able to make the same decisions of the
same quality they would just have
different incentives so for any industry
that is currently being run by any group
of people you can theoretically imagine
that the same group of people would be
running the industry they would just
have different incentives what if they
didn't have the interest in running that
industry of the proper motive wasn't
there do we not think that that would
ever happen well so here's here's the
thing if you if you got paid more for
doing you a good job then you'd probably
still want to work wherever you you know
could do the best job gotcha um I don't
know I just this I don't know okay well
called you have anything else for me I
mean do you want to walk back any
socialism is [ __ ] terrible and stupid
well no it just sounds like an act like
it sounds like a fantastical claim like
you have this world where people are
working out of the goodness of their
hearts for all of men boys I described a
single person working out of the
