what's up mr. Bunty hi Steven Steven can
we just make a commitment here to not
bark at each other but I never market
anybody I'm the most cordial debater
you've ever met in your life and I'm not
even real Nazi dude yeah all right dude
listen so where do you start where do I
start like rocky know what I'm gonna
start right here first of all I wanted
to apologize to you I don't know if you
saw it earlier for calling you names
cuz it's shitty it's a shitty thing to
do not it's not part of yeah I accept
your apology but that's cool alright
okay cool so and the next thing that's
why scream Addlestone so i'll outline my
general problem and then we'll be Civic
to Matthew Buddha so my general problem
okay that I've spoken to every single
person in your kind of like corner of
the world is that you have two groups of
people okay you have overtly racist
people people get are anti like whatever
ruin okay yeah like anti-semitic anti
brown person like blatantly racist yeah
okay then you have this group of people
that are you guys where you don't come
out and defend these people but like you
viciously attack everybody on the other
side and then you always offer these
quasi haphazard defenses of these other
people who are being like pretty
blatantly racist okay and we pretend
that this doesn't happen that's the part
that bothers me the most
okay where we pretend of this isn't
what's happening okay looking at the
mouthy Buddha thing in particular okay
so I think you saw this cuz you guys see
everything I don't know if you guys are
in like a secret discord group but one
is no Steven soon before you go on okay
I don't see absolutely everything see
the thing is I like for me YouTube is
this thing that I love right because it
allows me to [ __ ] connected people
and then go ahead and like share my
story where I come from you know like
talk about Montreal talk about the stuff
that I care about okay I'm kind of help
people that way so that's what I'm doing
right so for but in the meantime I also
have like real life stuff I'm the
marketer like that's what I do like my
job is social media so like I'm doing
stuff with clients and I'm doing all
sorts of other stuff so that job that
I've had in social media has allowed me
to kind of like
I mean I only got it to begin to begin
with because they understood that I had
like an idea of what how to touch
certain demographics based on
information that they provided me
because they know like because I'm just
able to adjust something I'm just I'm
good at marketing I love it just [ __ ]
fun for me it's like numbers and all
that [ __ ]
so like that's what I do mainly so
should I see when people when people are
like telling me about stuff that's
happening like I miss a bunch of stuff
and so I have to rely on these
conversations that I've had with certain
people and just like based off of my
experiences with them and and how I
question people and how I like pretty
much establish if there's someone that I
want to keep around that's that's pretty
much like how I can operate based on
nothing it will just watch as much as of
their content while still following them
you don't I mean sure so no speak if I
need to explain it more explaining so we
have a massive difference in opinion
here so this is kind of what I riled
against you for saying this and I feel
very strong about this you know that
people can have you could find some okay
so what is your like or I don't know
your ethnic background is okay but let's
say I brown people what okay my parents
are Indian okay that's what I guess
hopefully see okay sure so like you can
have a person that legitimately doesn't
like Indian people like he wants all of
them to be deported he doesn't want them
in the country I get you in real life
and be really friendly
you know that's possible right I can
imagine it being possible absolutely
okay definitely so I'm not I'm not
saying that I'll imagine like oh no it's
not gonna happen no but I can imagine
for sure because people have certain
what of a cait motivations like I yeah
like I've had to you know I've had to
deal with shady people before for sure
I'm sure because they say one thing and
then they see another thing when you're
when you're back stand for sure okay so
do you see how it rubbed some people the
wrong way when somebody releases what is
essentially Nazi propaganda a Nazi
propaganda anti-semitic video and then
yeah that's your defense is literally
like well I met these guys in real life
and most of them are nice and also
here's a funny message I sent him on
Twitter and he said he wasn't
anti-semitic so he must not be the
oldest and but that you know what it's
you know that was like a joke right
that's like something to play on the
actual whole situation and kind of make
people laugh and there's ease people up
a bit I know that like what the
difference is
when you guys have anybody on the left
that makes even the slightest comment
you're later literally like this guy's
trying to destroy Western when you say
you guys are you really lumping me in
with this because I have something that
I do not do and I have people that can
actually a test for that it's something
that I really try to avoid doing in fact
you know because being a Canadian like
theirs we are so far ahead in terms of
social game in terms of gay rights in
terms of the fact that I grew up in a
multi-ethnic city like I had it rough in
the 90s and going up and through the
early 2000s but after that like I was
able to kind of it was easier for me
like I definitely have a sense of
privilege in the sense that like I am
like a Montreal Road that's got that's
living in Canada like an ethnic person
living in Canada is so different from an
ethnic person maybe living in certain
parts of the States or parts of Europe
you know so for me like that's where I'm
coming from you understand like that's
that's I'm not gonna go and [ __ ] [ __ ]
on an sjw just because I disagree with
their opinion and I don't think that
they're gonna bring an end to Western
civilization I really don't believe that
I refuse to believe that so like you
have to understand that like I'm coming
from it in an angle that's like I don't
think that the sjw's are all bad and I
don't think that these people on the
right are all that bad and like I know
that we start off on a very very wrong
foot like we would like [ __ ] called
you out because I saw the things that
happened with jontron and then the
animation thing and even though we
differ on opinion and I see how
passionate you are I mistook your
passion for you being a [ __ ] jerk so
for me I come right out of the gate with
like hard-hitting like [ __ ] being a
pig and that's and the thing is that I
didn't have to do that and that's why
you may put me in that group but I don't
do that generally that's something that
I don't enjoy doing because it closes
doors and so like because the problem
that I have and this is really really
difficult for me is that so many people
in this corner of the internet just
[ __ ] live will just lie to me
constant but what they actually so like
I look at your YouTube channel and I
look through your top videos and
unsurprisingly I think you're actually
telling me the truth okay
for once I do time which is cool so like
I talked to the do you know the Andy
warg [ __ ] what's his name you know who
I'm talking about Andy yeah so like this
is a guy every time I pull you guys on
the Jeff holiday sky sargon every time I
pull these skeptics on and talk to them
it's always like oh no I don't just do
this or I represent
sides or I'm in the middle and then when
you bring up their channel it's 52 ways
that feminism is destroying Western
society 100 ways and it's like dude I
know so the reason why I kind of lumped
you in with these people is because I
think several times now I think this has
happened with three different occasions
you've jumped in with them so I kind of
like put you on this side my big issue
here then so maybe you'll have a more
reasonable opinion than like the Jeff
holidays guy or whatever but like the
the mouthy Buddhist [ __ ] is pretty bad
when he first made the video my initial
impression was that he's another fence
sitting skeptic that's paying way too
much homage to people on the right and
he's doing so in like a way that he
knows what he's doing but at this point
I'm pretty sure that he's actually
anti-semitic do you think so or do you
think not I don't see that's the thing I
don't think so okay but now I was like
just before coming in here just before I
saw you quote eat which hurts my [ __ ]
feelings okay but uh but yeah pretty
much what happened essentially is like
that I saw this video and it was a video
that pretty much seemed very
anti-semitic and I had my friends played
I played him for my friends I'm like
what do you think of this cuz I was so
insurance so [ __ ] up I'm like there's
no way I mean have you seen it have you
seen this video in question I'm sure
people have been sending it to you and
I'm sure that you see all this stuff so
so there are two big videos that have
been released that are you talking about
the Jewish Question part 1 and 2 that's
what you're talking about okay well
those are the main videos right so you
so the way that he phrases things in the
second video
it's just presenting the other argument
it's really hard to tell that right like
if I was presenting um let's say that
I'm presenting like white Indians are
bad people right I would say something
like okay these people claim that any
white people any group of people any any
group of you right these people are bad
or you know it's said that these people
are bad these people claim this bla bla
bla bla right these are the kind of
statements you would make to make it
clear that it's somebody else's point of
view you wouldn't say that um you
wouldn't say that um X person said that
white people are really disgusting
therefore it's obvious that if you look
at all the data white people are
horrible people and this guy actually is
a good point and go on and on like that
and then at the end of the video be like
while I put a disclaimer throught like
it really makes it look like those are
his points of view yeah okay but and
when you study the other two videos okay
so yeah so let's say that we can never
let's say that we are at an impasse here
even though I think the video looks
really about in its own right so there
are I don't trying like ambush you with
these videos these have been getting
circulate alright my fans so this is a
video where you want to listen to like
the first like minute and a half of this
yeah okay if you've already seen that we
don't have to watch ever like no no okay
so I sent you a video and I don't have a
name I want to see the name or anything
it wasn't like a stream leery it's a
streamable video it's called we are do
you want to cook it and listen like the
first min and a half of it are you send
it to me yeah I'm sorry I do scope I'm
sorry but we're gonna do some [ __ ]
weird [ __ ] to watch it together oh I
don't have any of those things I know
but we could just art at the same time
okay
oh yeah okay so this one and then he
pretty much goes on to start talking
about like you know he says like there's
a there's a force taking over at which
point you know I'm like okay well maybe
he's just talking about the fact these
people want to control free speech and
it looks like that because he leads into
the next part and then he be and then
and then he goes and then he goes and
I'll put Israel so in terms of in terms
of like in terms of like what they're
doing is like they are rejecting this
and their mate they're putting the
burden on us so it seems like it's not
that's the where I cut off by the way so
I didn't watch the whole thing sure but
it's really example the first part I
wish a whole wing
I wish well they go the first part of
the video that is the Jewish Question
right the Jews are trying to subvert
Western culture debate and then he gives
an example of two Jewish people also he
earlier in a video that I'm sure you've
heard by now he says that he dog
whistles to his audience at like 115 in
this video he says that he's not going
to let his YouTube channel disappear
into the echoes okay and the echoes is
the parentheses thing you know what I'm
talking about this day right so I mean
like it's pretty hard and then I think
this is the same video where in the
beginning he talks of how the alt-right
has one thing right and that he thinks
the enemy of his enemy is his friend I
know dude dude literally I watched it
just before I saw a quote tweet and I
was like so but this was taken down
right like this is not a channel
anymore right I it was on a private link
like I like an unlisted video I don't
know if it's still there or not well if
it was unlisted that means that he
published it and then like that's the
well so you can publish a video you you
don't have to publish it but you can
list it on the channel but make it
unlisted so you have to it yeah exactly
exactly but most people if they want to
keep something private like this then
they would just go ahead and they would
they would private it right away like
they wouldn't have it didn't unlisted
they would have it in private if they
were I don't know why it wasn't privacy
but I mean like but that's the thing so
here's like I don't know I I sent this
link to him and I was like what the [ __ ]
is this explain this and what he is like
what I'm thinking here is that II put it
up a while back how old is this video do
you know how old this video is I'm not
sure because I only was seeing the
reuploads I think so yes say there's no
way to tell so the idea is that like
what I would assume here just based on
the fact that I like assume the good in
people is that he's took he had this
video up he was like oh this is not the
I'm wrong you know I'm totally wrong
this makes no sense because he probably
went and started talking to more Jewish
people and they were like no so at that
point he probably took it off and he
probably unlisted it instead of like
profiting it I don't know that's the
thing that's just me trying to like make
sense of it before he actually explains
it to me if he's gonna explain it to me
like I supposed to schedule an interview
with him on my channel like as soon as
he uploaded his third video so I don't
know like now I'm like now that
definitely brings in the question and
like but even even though I looked at
his first tube those those videos on the
Jewish Question
and for me they didn't seem based on
like me going in I'm like oh hey I went
in being someone that grew up in the
Jewish community being someone like that
is able to like kind of get an idea if
this is like really [ __ ] up and son
I'd worry about and for me apart from
the second video at the very beginning
and the very half of it I was like I was
like this is okay like this is like he's
just pretty much explaining what the
alt-right stands for what the hell let
me the first video for me sorry the
first video for me didn't seem super
propaganda because he was presented I
remember he spent a significant portion
on like defending you know Judaism and
and so I watched the first video okay
and I totally disagree with this so like
let me give you an example of okay we'll
use black people okay let's say that I'm
making a video of black people this
would be the equivalent of what he's
doing okay let's look at what people
think of
black people the United States we
they're violent they are
disproportionately represented a crime
spooky music in the background images in
the foreground look at this right in
Charlotte oh look at this right here
let's look at all the black people in
history that have been violent this
violent criminal trial Trayvon Martin
you know and like naming like 15 names
okay cuz he did for the Jewish part
right we know that all of these
different sahjhan etic scientists that
nobody takes seriously all think that um
black people have the warrior gene are
genetically predisposed and then you
spend like ten seconds and then you
spend Lincoln's then you spend it was we
can watch the video if you want he
spends like 10 seconds oh but that's
probably not true they're just they're
just cool people and then he moves on to
the next it really doesn't feel like
that because I mean I watched it and I
was like this is a there was a good like
solid two minutes there but here's the
thing before we do watch it okay uh-huh
going in I'm thinking this guy isn't a
I'm like he's not a someone there's not
there's no way like it makes no sense
based on the conversation of you had
with each other no conversation he's
never gonna tell you that he's
anti-semitic that's something that I
guess yeah I listen this now if we're
exploring the idea we're like everyone
that he's completely dishonest sure but
I'm assuming that he isn't dishonest
because I'm not I have no reason to be
dishonest with me but why will I
honestly say this is the whole reason
this is what's so frustrating by dealing
with skeptic Mooney is that these people
don't operate where they go like oh yes
we want to kill all black people they it
the way that they phrase it is so much
more insidious the phrasing race it's
like they're like it's almost marketable
and this is Riley so much against you
for the comments you made about Spencer
the whole point of rebranding the Nazi
movement into slick speaking awesome
looking dudes that wear suits that are
professional is to make it so their
ideas are presentable so when people
like you are literally tweeting well
Spencer's a really nice dude act like
that's their propaganda working that's
not that's not what I was saying so I
wasn't expenses really nice dude I'm
saying that I could approach Spencer in
an easier manner because of the fact
that he's doesn't seem like he's on like
an 11 every time he looks like he's down
at a [ __ ] 7 like I don't agree with
that it's it's so like I feel like that
was like really taken out of context I
mean like I'm not listen I'm not
accusing you of making a bad faith
argument that's definitely know what I'm
doing okay I'm just saying that like
maybe you're predisposed to think that
I'm just kind of like downplaying his
[ __ ] role
I get what they're trying to do I know
exactly what they're trying to do I'm a
[ __ ] marketer I understand it it's so
easy to tell anybody with [ __ ] like
half a brain can see that they're trying
to be more marketable to this this this
group of like white children that are
like disenfranchised by what the [ __ ]
media is doing but continuously talking
about race issues and it's like they're
losing it and of course they're
capitalizing on that so I see all of
that I'm like but like the idea is that
like I can approach Richard Spencer and
be like I feel like I can talk to him
and be like what are you doing why are
you being like this as opposed to
someone like Tariq machine who literally
will just send spend like a good 20
