that's like going outside with [ __ ]
honey smeared all over your [ __ ] dick
and then complaining that the [ __ ]
Bears are eating your [ __ ] junk maybe
oh come on into baby
Steven Kenneth Vanel the second holy
[ __ ] okay off to a strong start oh man
good luck good luck guys
Steven Kenneth Bunnell the second holy
[ __ ] that's a human name also known by
his nom de plume destiny is an American
video game streamer whose opinions we
apparently have to take seriously now if
you're a big destiny fan that's cool
just chill out for a minute I'm not
gonna pick on him too bad I just
happened to think he's not very
politically literate and sometimes he
runs his mouth and gets himself into
trouble now I totes get it I'm some
nobody and I get to throw out my
opinions all over the Internet and
there's nothing anybody can do about it
go ahead dislike the video fools it only
makes the algorithm consider me more
engaging even now my power grows any
clown can log on to YouTube and say
whatever in some people will listen and
that is okay people are gonna listen to
me
a sweaty weirdo talk about politics then
it must have been pretty exciting when
an already famous person in a pretty
toxic field no less decided to publicly
d-pants alright weirdos I mean the first
time I heard about destiny was when he
was styling on jontron and a turd him is
a white nationalist which is a weird
political alignment for a Persian dude
but regardless destiny clowned on him
and that was fun and it was good and it
was everybody liked it when he did that
and we were all tickled pink and pleased
as punch grow the size of the economy
and it brings talented from other areas
to continue to benefit the entire
country it benefits the global elites
that's the only people that benefit
doesn't like you make like millions of
dollars making YouTube videos you don't
count as a global elite okay what do you
will your thought are you like the
working man now so what are you gonna do
when you got a content style of working
you're gonna keep it going baby
destiny started clowning on a grater
variety of ding-dongs mostly far-right
youtubers like Lauren southern I know
there are people that think that like
like I literally didn't exist before
jontron but okay and Carl Benjamin and
count Thank You 'la then something
entirely unpredictable happened
destiny pivoted to debating left O's and
now he's debating all sorts of calm you
know it's like Peter coughing this Serbs
in the Michael Brooks and he's very
convinced the left are just a bunch of
bozos even though he doesn't understand
the basics of what we believe in a
debate about anarchism with America
Jonestown destiny had to have it
explained to him that Marxism Leninism
and anarchism are not the same thing any
idea of explained to him by an anarchist
at a Marxist Leninist and they explained
it a few times each and by the end I'm
not so sure he actually grasped the
distinction or that there was a
distinction he spent the whole debate
trying to trap American and some sort of
weak logic trap wait if I try to ask
somebody what dude when I ask somebody
what they mean by their beliefs I'd do
this because every single [ __ ] lefty
that I talk to has a different set of
beliefs like I've heard like 12
different definitions for communism I'm
still not 100% sure like my
understanding of anarchy is is basically
some system that tries to eliminate
hierarchies whatever the [ __ ] that means
or unjust hierarchies and like the
broadest sense of the word my
understanding of communism is in the
broadest sense of a word of the word
like a stateless currency list system
that and that's it I don't know outside
of that like I I'm always going to ask
somebody that I'm debating especially
when it comes to this dumbass lefty [ __ ]
hey what does this mean to you because
every single one has a different set of
beliefs because every time I debate one
of them I get a different even one who's
like hey that last anarcho indicator was
singing echoing you know that guy he
doesn't believe the right things let me
tell you why it like every [ __ ] time
but
okay app by selectively listening to his
arguments and trying to own him with
gotcha questions and it kept blowing up
in his face because he didn't understand
the basic principles of what he was
arguing against he went into the
discussion with the intention of winning
rather than coming away with a richer
understanding of his opponents worldview
which he it was a debate yeah of course
I go into this I mean like it's so weird
what people use winning as like a proxy
for the things if I going to a
discussion somebody by somebody disagree
on obviously I think I'm correct
obviously my goal is going to be to show
that I'm correct let's think that's a
given for any conversation where we have
a disagreement what do you think I just
walk in like or art or hover two strong
competitors at all will tell me what you
want me to believe sir like what's the
alternative here I mean like it sounds
like when people say this is usually
what the trying to say is the other
person isn't concerned with listening to
the other side what the other person
isn't concerned with making valid
arguments they're doing some sort of
post hoc rationalization or they're like
not listening to their opponent River
well let's see if these let's see if
that's what he's getting it let's see if
that's substantiated oh boy he'd already
decided was not worth considering okay
in a way that is kind of what makes
destiny a good debater he's able to stay
resolute in his beliefs and speak from a
place of authority that is convincing to
an audience it's also what makes him a
lazy thinker who by his own admission is
bored by the theoretical someone who
doesn't really research the positions of
his opponents because he knows that all
he has to do to defeat them is argue
more forcefully than they do he trusts
that he can pick apart their position
using only the context clues they drop
in conversation it's tempting to call
this arrogance and on a nuts-and-bolts
level so the reason why I'm too lazy to
read little SD [ __ ] is because most
of the lovesy thinkers that I've talked
to haven't given me any reason to the
very least when I do it like all writers
or conservatives or whatever I usually
have to read a little bit to figure out
like okay well what is the correct
position on this or how should I feel
about this but for people on the left
they can't generally they can't even
answer like the very basic economic
questions Hey how would your factory
determine this and then it's like and
now you completely fall apart like okay
well I suppose it sort of is but I don't
think it's because destiny is dumb or a
bad dude though to be clear
sometimes this habit leads him to behave
like a bad dude and I remember that yeah
no no wait I want to talk to you about
this when I remember them when you told
me that though there's no evidence of
Communists of stable communist country
in the world and you know why because of
capitalism capitalist country the word
[ __ ] all us up I mean even if that was
true that's not my fault that your
economic system is too weak to resist
outside pressure if anything you're a
man brother why why do idle it easy this
is a slam dunk argument well the reason
why all the communist countries fail is
because all the socials cuz you [ __ ]
them over
[ __ ] it dude that ain't my [ __ ]
problem I'm not switching to your
[ __ ] [ __ ] so that I get [ __ ] over
by the [ __ ] capitalist countries in
fact if I could do it what the [ __ ] get
rid of all the capitalist countries that
we could talk then if that's
legitimately that argue but you would
have make that's like going outside with
[ __ ] honey smeared all over your
[ __ ] dick and then complaining that
the [ __ ] Bears are eating your
[ __ ] junk and then I don't even know
what the [ __ ] that analogy was for I
woke up like 10 minutes ago okay but
like if you have a remedy the underlying
problems is [ __ ] over your system
like the existence of all the [ __ ] of
all the capitalist countries I'm not
gonna [ __ ] switch to your dumbass
[ __ ] if it's [ __ ] your [ __ ] over
this is pretty [ __ ] obvious this is a
basic [ __ ] okay I hate this dumb [ __ ]
this [ __ ] [ __ ] guys [ __ ] Lunars
a dumbest [ __ ] I've ever talked
to my life [ __ ] this piece of [ __ ] okay
I also [ __ ] her she I should have
reported that [ __ ] video for
real-life violence cuz she said she was
gonna [ __ ] hit me that was some
[ __ ] [ __ ] the only reason I don't
is because I'm guessing that she
probably got a contact from her little
Vietnamese government representative
saying she didn't make that video she
was gonna get [ __ ] stayed executed
okay
[ __ ] this [ __ ] [ __ ] this person and [ __ ]
that debate and [ __ ] that guy - I don't
remember look at this guy [ __ ] oh I'm
glad my comrade came in to make
arguments for me huh
country's roll over because they can't
defend themselves that sounds like a
good argument for my sister
they rolled over wouldn't I just I think
it's because his mind has been
imprisoned
yes imagination has been suppressed yes
by the most insidious and ubiquitous
Brad Smith dude debt debt destiny the
empress' imprisoned imagination the
obsessed debater in washing program the
world has ever seen cackle liberalism
liberalism wait what the frig thoughts
fun damn he doesn't even go for he goes
right for the he goes right for the
liberal isn't start with that capitalism
[ __ ] okay no hiding our power level
your boys what are you talking about oh
I bet some of you are probably confused
right now particularly those that are
new around these parts you may have
thought based on your understanding of
the left-right political spectrum that
has a leftist I am therefore a liberal
you might consider values like lgbtq+
rights feminism anti racism all things
that I care deeply about to be liberal
values you might be worried at this
moment I'm about to say some real
conservative [ __ ] because you've been
taught that liberal and conservative are
the boundaries of serious political
discourse and allow me to set your mind
at ease find calm my friend I'm not a
conservative I'm not about to attack
liberalism from the right
I want to attack it from the left in
fact I actually think it's pretty
incoherent for conservatives to attack
liberalism because I consider
conservatives to be liberals albeit much
too dear liberals with generally
shittier haircuts liberalism is a
centrist political ideology that
supports individual freedoms in theory
representative democracy and theory
equality under the law in theory and
free markets ie capitalism in practice I
don't wanna like nitpick calling
liberalism a centrist position is very
strange to me what handgun do you see
see with I had to collect 17 but I don't
bring it to California with me on the
surface that sounds like a bunch of good
things with one bad thing thrown in for
flavor and I very much stress here on
the surface because I have my qualms
about representative democracy even in
its most idealized form but there is a
contradiction at the heart of liberalism
individual freedoms equality under the
law and capitalism cannot coexist
capitalism by its very nature creates in
and undermines individual liberty you
cannot have equality under the law when
some people can afford to mount
expensive lawsuits keep defense lawyers
on retainer or Lobby policymakers to
tailor the law to suit their interests
Congrats
both you and Chevron have the same legal
right to hydro frack without worrying
about whether or not you're gonna poison
the local drinking water while that may
be equality under the law in the
strictest sense it's not meaningful
equality because it's designed to only
benefit a select few people the idea is
that laws apply equally but that doesn't
guarantee that they represent people
equally
likewise you cannot have individual
freedoms when your ability to survive is
contingent on whether or not you obey
your boss whether or not you can pay
your landlord you can pay for your
groceries your power bill whether you
can pay for your medication the very
nature of capitalism and commodity
production are fundamentally at odds
with your ability to live freely the
methods that look god damn this is so
[ __ ] woke dude I love this type of
political commentary which is just get
all of our goddamn [ __ ] for free god
it's so enlightened holy [ __ ] I never
thought of it that way that you have to
work yeah it's a [ __ ] work friend to
live in society that's some [ __ ]
we've never felt more oppressed - my
[ __ ] life holy [ __ ] this guy is
[ __ ] woke as [ __ ] I can't wait till
we get to the part where everything is
given for free and all the production
and economic efficiency remain exactly
the same in a centrally planned state
god I'm so excited for that part
how woke dude [ __ ] liberal suggest to
fix this contradiction have failed time
and again and always will because
they're not actually interested in
solving the speaking of failing time and
again hahahaha but that wasn't true
socialism problem which is capitalism
because that is fundamental to their
worldview they believe that these
systemic and justices are natural and
unsolvable
so the best we can hope for is a free
market with strong regulatory practices
put in place by a vigilant state to keep
the market in check amen brother
and that certainly seems reasonable when
you compare it to the other solution
that mainstream politics offers which is
I don't know [ __ ] it
let's just
do whatever we want and might kill
everybody but we'll make some money and
let's not get it twisted sometimes
regulations do a real good job sometimes
they have a very positive influence like
for example we don't use leaded gasoline
anymore thanks regulations of course
leaded gasoline was only sold in the
first place because it was profitable to
do so so in the absence of the profit
motive it's a problem that wouldn't have
needed solving in the first place wrong
please demonstrate how at any dumbass
[ __ ] system you have people wouldn't
be using [ __ ] ha i lot like you want to
talk about how capitalism has [ __ ]
problems a [ __ ] men brother there is
some real dumbass [ __ ] [ __ ] that
exists within our [ __ ] margaret's
100% this belief that all pollution and
all bad things comes from capitalism is
so stupidly [ __ ] delusional and every
[ __ ] conversation I've had with any
[ __ ] flavor of lefty has always had
all of them abandoned that [ __ ] claim
almost immediately when we start talking
hey so you said that pollution comes
again oh yeah one harder percent but why
is it Oh cuz companies are incentivized
to pollute oh do you think that like a
workers come up might have like the same
incentives that do you really think
they'd vote to make their job harder to
like whatever oh ok I guess so
what's the next topic sneaky destiny I'm
already planning my next YouTube video
against you ok dude nice but still
regulations did it they fixed it and I
mean sure the whole process got tied up
in the courts for decades because the
only science on the effect of lead
exposure in humans that these regulatory
bodies considered as evidence was
conducted by people who literally work
for lead companies but you got to give
the system a little credit here ok it
came to the right conclusion and it only
took 50 years of delays while thousands
of metric tons of neurotoxic how long
did it take for the Soviet Union to
collapse was like 7 here I don't
remember
sorry chemicals were pumped into the
atmosphere for no reason poisoning the
entire earth what were they supposed to
do people had only known that lead was
toxic for a couple of thousand years
these regulatory bodies were on the
cutting edge of modern ancient Romans
and they've kept us safe ever since
which is why climate change is not
poised to destroy the human race within
say ten years and just look how
seriously our leaders are taking it like
for example there for the 1995 the
post-soviet countries were the world's
largest consumers of leaded gasoline in
Russia leaded gasoline had been
completely banned by 2002 for comparison
in the u.s. that had been fully phased
out by 1996 and in the EU by the year
2000 mmm communism leaves toxic legacy
in Eastern Europe ban and Mines and
Romania leech waters contaminated by
heavy metals in two rivers a Hungarian
chemical plant produces more than a
hundred thousand tons of toxic
substances career soils in eastern
slovakia it's contaminated cancer
producing PCBs none of this was real
none of this was real communism though
that's the difference it's one of they
one of my favorite things about
political ideologies that exist only in
books is that they're perfect perfect
perfect that's my favorite thing about
him boys
is this recent crisis where the Amazon
rainforests in Brazil were just burning
down because the bolsa narrow
administration is full of lunatics and
our leaders stepped up to the plate and
boldly ignored it or didn't even notice
we're saved we're honestly probably all
gonna die I don't even know why I'm
making this video liberalism sells
itself as a means to keep capital in
check with democracy and regulatory
agencies we can leverage the power of
the state to prevent rich O's from
running rampant over everyone else if
you work within the system you can
effect change without the need for
violence without any of those messy
revolutions that could backfire that
could make things even worse for you
problem is the rich O's have just as
much ability to leverage that power
against our interests which is to say
they actually have a lot more power to
do that because they can pay thousands
of people to do it for cash they can
fund entire political campaigns they can
bribe officials they can bit-by-bit
erode legal protections against cronyism
and corruption and let everyone else
exhaust their political capital trying
to win them back
not to mention they're also signing your
and paycheck so how hard are you really
gonna fight them exactly
we can't progress forward under
capitalism because there's always a debt
equate okay I built so many blocks up
how do you get this achievement I can't
get it how do you get the sniper
achievement kill a skeleton from at
least 50 meters right I'm more than 50
blocks up I killed that skeleton I don't
understand how you get this go to a
desert z-axis doesn't count I'm it's why
it has to be horizontal what what what
dude that's so far away
located cabal of rich ghouls trying to
pull us backwards and within capitalism
there always will be because our
interests conflict with theirs
that's why large corporations and
billionaires managed to take over all
relevant political parties and carefully
teller their agendas not to interfere
with the interests of the rich and
powerful all of the mechanisms that
gonzo attacked ourselves from the whims
of the rich become recuperated and
controlled by the rich that is a feature
of liberalism not a bug the purpose of
liberalism the reason an ideology
theoretically underpinned on the idea of
placing limits on the influence of the
rich and powerful became useful to the
rich and powerful is that it functions
as a mental filter a way to place a
limit on the possibilities one is able
to imagine to combat injustice by
presenting a comforting illusion of
control you can vote for a candidate
that represents your interests I mean
sure there might not be one that
represents your interests but you can
choose whichever politician you like to
vote for among the small pool of ones
that matter you're in control
hey are you concerned about the
environment you can buy the laundry
detergent with the green cap on it and
it's got a picture of a mountain on it
so it's good for the environment you're
in control here are you worried about
all the genocides your country is
committing well don't worry you can
write a strongly worded letter to your
local representative thank God thank God
communist or socialist countries have
never been involved in imperialistic
behaviors of genocidal behaviors oh
thank goodness and a few months later
you'll receive a form letter saying that
they take this issue very seriously and
also they spelled your name wrong you're
in complete control now what you don't
want to do what nobody wants you to do
is act outside of the system that's
brash that's dangerous there's no way to
control that that's not serious god this
case oh well totally unrelated as anyone
you ever seen Fight Club I love that
movie God is such an intelligent it's
such a good movie so commentary on
society people think they have control
but really they don't have any control
right
god I love Fight Club so much sorry it's
not related to this at all political
thought real quick I probably would
agree like with most like
any-any slow reform that works I'm
always in favor of so if you think
flattening hierarchies makes people's
lives better or lets them keep more
money or whatever if you start subtly
doing this in some factories and it is a
plank empirically working then I'm 100%
in favor of it and I would hope that
musket would be a small - liberals are
horny for the idea of gradual reform you
can't make too big a change who knows
what will happen although the changes
you make have to be incremental and
easily reversible and oops wouldn't you
know it
they got reversed by the next group of
ding-dongs and passed as opposed to
socialists who want to take their
minority opinion and violently murder
everybody that doesn't agree with it
that's a way that's a way better
weighted good for you man hour now
you've got to win them all back again
round and round you go and where you end
up everybody thinks it's pretty obvious
if you think about it for even [ __ ] it's
a stopgap that prevents the public from
resisting when the government or capitol
act against their best interest
it quells discontent by funneling all
political will into the directions that
the system controls and convincing
everyone that any other expression of
political unrest is illegitimate any
civil disobedience which is successful
is revised in the history books until it
appears as though it worked within the
system thereby demonstrating the
system's flexibility and fairness the
civil rights movement for example faced
severe state repression were accused of
being terrorists and inciting riots but
then a couple of decades later when
everyone can look back with the benefit
of hindsight and realize actually the
civil rights movement ruled all the
textbooks say that everything they did
that was successful was thanks to
passive resistance so if you want to
fight injustice you two should be
passive if the system can work for them
and you're just gonna have to take my
word for it that it did it definitely
did it work for them or great then it'll
work for you too you just have to trust
it okay and then you'll be fine just
don't rock the boat too much any civil
unrest which acts outside the system and
is unsuccessful becomes demonstrative of
how only working within the established
boundaries can be productive Occupy Wall
Street failed because these hippy dippy
kids failed to get the right zoning
permits and that's just not how you get
things done in the real world you want
to resist the government
it's fine it's your right go ahead just
make sure you fill out the right
paperwork and get the government's
permission before you start resisting
them bit by bit limits are placed on the
liberal imagination until they can no
longer conceive of any sort of political
action outside the boundaries of
liberalism it isn't simply that they
disagree with other ideologies though of
course they do
it's that they're completely unable to
even picture a society that isn't
liberal succeeding or being desirable to
anyone therefore the transgressions of
any liberal government are just things
that happened that they're just
individual failures they're not related
to liberalism in any way but the
transgression this dude first of all
this pointed he's about to make a super
ironic considering he's gonna say that
there are no failed socialist or
communist states because they didn't
count and those weren't fails socialism
those were failures or individual states
where um how can I ever shoot these
killings far enough away to get the
sniper achievement I don't think this is
possible like they did they disappear
these ranges 50 blocks away is how far I
have to shoot it like that's insane you
have to go to a desert where our desert
right there how do I get the sniper
achievement
build a wall / France rents the senator
contain it leaves I'm healthy to shoot
through next you're looking through the
holes it's not I could be the - Mona
even throw away and to kill it first hit
it with a sort of the hole and so it's
underway then back off fifty blocks of
sniping sins of any non liberal
government are proof that only liberal
governments can work in the 21st century
take for example this Bologna of a tweet
where destiny talks about how using the
hammer and sickle flag means condoning
the hallowed Omer any support for that
system means passively being ok with
starvation and genocide okay well what
about this flag or this flag what about
this flag displaying these flags
signified tacit support for slavery
genocide colonialism or manufactured
famines if the hammer and sickle are
equivalent to a swastika why aren't
these dog and just side note I think all
of these flags are bad but let's be real
I love firstly sometimes it kind of does
I'm not gonna lie I get real [ __ ]
weird when people go on those crazy
[ __ ] USA USA USA chants I'm pretty
sure most people are critical of America
for doing that we say the Pledge of
Allegiance every day before [ __ ]
school and [ __ ] most people do say that
kind of [ __ ] is pretty weird firstly
secondly secondly what so I can't tell
if this is like the big mean like all
states are equal all countries are equal
like everything is like I mean like so
like is the argument that like I don't
know I don't really want to defend
American imperialism just [ __ ] all that
[ __ ] but you'll hear let's cut through
the [ __ ] none of them are as bad as
a swastika and before I get accused of
colonialist apologia let me explain what
I mean by that while all of these
countries have committed and are
committing hideous atrocities most
people fly these flags because it's like
the place that they live or were born
they don't really think about it that
much when you fly a swastika flag you're
announcing your intention to start
murdering minorities give me like what
the Soviets did alright all of these
flags have been flown while minorities
have been murdered of course but only
one of them is used exclusively to
signal support for the murder of
minorities pretend otherwise is to make
excuses for the most
dangerous also wait what this totally
ignores in fact how many people that fly
the hammer and sickle [ __ ] lived in
the [ __ ] Soviet Union what the [ __ ]
right-wing goons on the planet the tape
or organizing and rallying support for
their murderous ideologies right now
liberals will always make the
distinction between liberal nations who
may have done bad things in non liberal
countries which are just essentially bad
because they did bad things to them the
crimes of liberal governments up to an
including
ongoing genocide are incidental to
liberalism but the crimes of other
governments are essential to that style
of governance the upshot of this is that
you can't really use any bad outcomes of
liberal policy to argue with them
because they refuse to see the
connection between the outcomes of
liberalism and liberalism itself god
that's got to be so frustrating I do
agree with him there could you imagine
if when you try to argue with somebody
like hey every single style this form of
government seems to lead to like this
[ __ ] up [ __ ] if they were just like
well that's John that's not a feature of
the cover that's just an interview apart
I do ger them there that's gotta be I
can't imagine how frustrating that would
be Jesus I would that would drive me
[ __ ] crazy if every time you pointed
out that like every time some certain
economic system was trying to led to
some like [ __ ] up results or whatever
or was like totally otherwise I agree
with that
look at all those hungry people in
Venezuela a definitely socialist country
well it just goes to show socialism
doesn't work these people go hungry yep
that's why we need capitalism like we
have here in my country oh hey there's a
homeless guy in my neighborhood begging
for change that he can buy food does
anybody think that anybody else agree
that the number of homeless people in
America which is by the way tragic is
definitely equal to the situation in
Venezuela where they tried to
nationalize have their [ __ ] set up
strict price controls and tank the
entire existence of their [ __ ]
economy they took it from one of the
strongest economies in South America -
like a literal [ __ ] [ __ ] show anyone
else think these two things are entirely
equivalent wall wallak steel all like
steel all extend their I assume a goblin
must have stolen his wallet
hello and welcome to the eyeball zone
where I promote small left of who need I
but wait he didn't even Billy any of
this video even had to do with me is
even all's on their work you know what
everybody loves spooky video games on
August 30th 6 p.m. BST which I think
stands for a British Standard Time I
don't know probably should look that up
before I started recording this twitch
streamer Brett Midway gaze will be
playing Resident Evil with their husband
to raise money for Amnesty International
it's the link is in the description to
their twitch channel you can go check
that out you don't have to wait till
August 30 if you can go right now you
know what life's too short go check it
out you know what you know why I love
capitalism you know what they call me
they call me a job creator because I
gave all these [ __ ] losers somebody
to talk about ok me god damn it what a
waste of time [ __ ] video
did that guy even cite like a single
particular thing I said or was it
literally just a chance for him to get
on his little pulpit and preach the
beauties of socialism for an hour or 20
minutes it's not over was it really oh
no it's sort of plugging some I switch
streamer Brett Midway is he not done
well be playing Resident Evil with their
husband to raise money for Amnesty
International
it's the link is in the description to
their twitch channel you can go check
that out you don't have to wait till
August 30 if you can go right now you
know what life's too short go check it
out hey do you need eyeballs on some
explicitly leftist project Wow just send
a dang old email to thought slime editor
at gmail.com and I'll see if I can hook
you up but maybe I can't because I get a
lot of these emails oh well I'm trying
now we return to our regularly scheduled
programming oh there's a very
frustrating exchange between non-compete
and destiny or destiny asks how an
anarchist factory would deal with a
majority white workforce using its
majority to force racist legislation on
the entire group American points out a
number of ways that could be resolved
theoretically but also no not really men
I really hope he goes over some of the
examples he gave because he didn't
really give any good answers to that at
all he was slimy and wiggly as [ __ ]
because he had no good answer to that
but medley concedes that no method of
labor organizing can solve racism and
destinies think this is a will slam dunk
argument
checkmate enter kitties racism is still
possible in a factory even if your
anarchist check mate I mean homeboys not
wrong to say that anarchist labor
organizing alone won't solve racism
I mean he's wrong to suggest that we
think that for the record we don't oh
you can play the Jordan Peterson game
and say I don't think another form of
economics will solve racism but when you
constantly say capitalism reinforces
racism and capitalism constantly makes
racism more horrible in our country blah
blah blah it kind of sort of make it
sound like if you switch to a different
system
it's gonna either fix itself or be like
dramatically alleviated I think that's a
fair statement but okay well what he
misses is he never turns that analysis
inwards towards the society that he's
defending imagine that big factory may
wait don't I literally I'm sorry don't I
literally in that very debate answer his
question when he when I when I say like
well in a capitalist system you have HR
firms because you're pressured because
if you have bad publicity about your
company in a capitalist system it's
gonna decrease the social utility of
your product people probably gonna be
less likely to buy it you're gonna go to
business we've got protected classes in
our government that protects like
certain types of against certain types
of discrimination I'm pretty sure I
specifically say this in the
conversation by the way these protected
classes of you probably couldn't really
do effectively under an anarchist
government government whatever like but
okay I guess we can pretend it into any
event making googas seventy percent of
the workers are white thirty percent are
black in this hypothetical factory that
I've made up in this made up anarchist
society each worker as a commiserate
amount of ownership and say over the way
that the factory is run and what is done
with the Dugas it produces if the white
workers decided to stiff the black
workers they'd have majority control and
they could do that pretty good example
of a situation where collective
ownership can run into problems good job
so far now let's take a look at the same
example in a liberal capitalist model
the decisions are no longer made by
consensus they're made by one dude the
boss and since white workers outnumber
black workers almost two to one he's
likely to be white even if we don't
factor in institutionalized racism now
away person gets to make decisions
unilaterally the black workers have gone
from 30% control over their workplace to
zero percent which is not exactly
liberating
okay so firstly the ratio of workers
doesn't change under an anarchist system
right we can agree with that firstly
secondly going I mean depending on how
you're doing your votes going from 30%
of the vote to 0% of the vote I don't
know how significant that is if you're
on a racist workforce right I don't know
how much that Matt I guess maybe in some
if you can pull you have to pull less
whites over to your side I guess but I
mean like functionally
thirty percent can be 0% if you've got
ten people voting on what kind of pizza
they want and you're only ordering one
pizza and zero out of ten people vote
for pepperoni or three out of ten people
vote for pepperoni you're kind of left
with the same pizza kind of a simplistic
analogy but maybe I shouldn't use a food
analogy to a socialist that might be
triggering but uh-huh
ding-dong in a liberal society I can ask
government for help you know if the laws
are on your side and also the laws are
enforced and also you're not afraid of
losing your job or being retaliated
against and also your employee hasn't
found a loophole like just pretending
that all of his [ __ ] is based on
performance rather than race and also if
all those conditions are met there's
really nothing stopping your employer
from just screwing over all of their
employees rather than improving
conditions for black employees if you
live in a liberal democracy you might
notice that there's still systemic
racism the regulations that were meant
to address this problem didn't fix it
now they've helped and we're meant to
treat that as sufficient giving dirt
that why that's such a vacuous statement
now we've done some changes in racism in
liberal study and we're meant to treat
that a sevate no we don't do we talk
about [ __ ] systemic racism
institutional issues in the United
States all the [ __ ] time how are we
gonna pretend like these conversations
stopped unless here's some brain-dead
[ __ ] Republican no one in the u.s.
pretends that racism is [ __ ] fixed
direct control of the workplace to the
worker I would argue would also on its
own fail to solve this problem but it
would also likewise help a great deal
but that somehow is woefully
insufficient so yeah this is a problem
that could come up in an anarchist
society you know if anarchists decided
the only thing that we wanted to do was
organize factories and then decide the
revolution done no need to solve other
problems everybody that everything's
gonna be fine good job comrades let's
all go get Popeyes couldn't think of a
funny thing they'd be getting I don't
know it's Popeyes funny I don't know if
that joke was funny but even if it's a
problem that could come up in an
anarchist Society it's also a problem
that has
and and is happening in liberal
societies right now that's incidental
for liberalism but essential for the
system he's critiquing because he can
imagine it the system use critiquing by
the way doesn't exist so we can say it
has all sorts of problems it's full of
vampires
what if people's legs fall off now in
fairness to him we don't have data for
what a hypothetical anarchist world
would look like we have some small data
samples for anarchist countries which
seem to do pretty dang good all things
considered but we'll never know until we
try at some point every economic what
are what are the anarchist countries
that do good was there a good example
outside of like Catalonia or whatever
that existed for like four years
whatever the after that revolution [ __ ]
wait hold on I need to like hit the
ceilings in order to actually be able to
wait can I do this Mad Max
No
mic system every political system every
[ __ ] idea was untried liberalism was
a new idea at one point and they fought
bloody revolutions hey the scientist
Elias sometimes argument just you know
in the past they said X would work and
now it works therefore anything can work
because they said something wouldn't
work and then it did work so now
everything can work I love that argument
it's one of the most intellectual
arguments I know is to install of that
it's pretty convenient that after the
fact it became too dangerous to try new
ideas without some arbitrary amount of
data don't you think no we just have to
stick with our current model because at
least we have the data to know that it
doesn't work and will destroy earth and
that's how the liberal minds prison
works it's a difficult problem to solve
because we're fighting against a
complicit education system and mass
media anyone can make a single
compelling argument against the liberal
but can you make 12 years of compelling
arguments between the key developmental
ages of 5 and 17 can you reinforce those
compelling arguments with a complete
hegemony over all mainstream political
discourse oh no you can't don't say that
you can cuz you can't do it and look I
get it even making a good argument can
be difficult because it's easy to get
frustrated with liberal smugness and
just want to yell at them just [ __ ]
stop thinking this way I don't really
know how to solve that problem entirely
but I'd like to offer one suggestion
when arguing with a liberal or anyone
else for that matter never justify your
position without demanding that they
also justify there's the pertinent is is
simple to demonstrate to liberals that
their positions are not just the default
they're not just the natural way things
are they're a choice they're an
ideological position just like anyone
elses that must be justified getting
these wieners to consider that they even
have a position is half of the battle
getting them to recognize their
assumptions about the world require
justification and can't just be taken as
it given you can take them out of the
liberal mind prison by forcing them to
make their case now they might remain
liberal afterwards in fact they probably
will but it means they have to prove
themselves to you just as much as you
have to prove yourselves to them
passionately pleading our case and
letting them sit back and poke holes
lets them continue to imagine themselves
as the judges of Reason ability it lets
them play pretend like they know what is
and is not realistic
it makes them the authority in the
conversation you must win over and don't
give them that make them justify
themselves to you and here's here's
here's the thought slim original you can
have for free if they start complaining
about the death toll of socialism
whatever ridiculous number they believe
that to be go ahead and ask them mmm is
that way wet I wonder are we sneaking in
the tanki apologia there or is that when
people try to say like communism killed
a hundred million people whatever which
is pretty dumb they feel about the fact
that capitalism is leading us towards
climate collapse and will literally kill
all people in the world unless it
stopped yeah it's not a real easy thing
to justify there's not with well okay
sure it's gonna kill all of us but I got
an iPhone just see Avengers endgame it's
pretty cool fans finally got to see
spider-man and Rocket Raccoon together
on the screen good top that socialists
what are you doing what kind of movies
you gonna make are they even gonna have
Groot in them these socialist movies
even gonna have Groot didn't think so
hello it's me thought slime I'm back
again I'd like to give a shout out to
Alex from lost in the folds who made
this ridiculously adorable little
thought slime guy well paper fold up toy
hey does my voice sound different it's
because I recorded this part at a
separate time okay thanks thank you for
that one guys I feel like I just
listened to somebody ran about socialism
for 40 minutes
get addicted to it like pretty quickly
like chemically
