because unlike you [ __ ] I walk
the walk and talk the talk ok suck my
[ __ ] dick I had my killed I was on
the precedent breaking up my girlfriend
working as a [ __ ] carpet cleaner
having failed at a [ __ ] school while
[ __ ] losing my house and following on
every single [ __ ] Bell I had because
that was my [ __ ] life when I work
Arba cleaning okay so yes I did need an
abortion and no I did not do it because
I do have moral convictions so suck my
[ __ ] dick you fat-ass [ __ ]
piece of [ __ ] there's sitting behind
your computer thinking that you know
anything about me okay [ __ ] off
yourself in a video game okay so I
continue okay let's talk about abortion
instead now all right talk to me so
you're I don't know anything about your
perspective but yesterday I was talking
to a person who was a philosophy major
who said that they were they were a fan
of yours and he they brought up they
constantly brought up your perspective
on abortion and I just wanted to hear
what it is because I don't really don't
know I've never heard it oh I just have
a really I feel like it's a really hard
thing to define like when a human life
starts and it seems like the most
consistent way to do it is at the moment
of conception because everything else
puts you in really weird areas and then
if you believe that a thing of fetus or
every living thing
if you're aborting it you're essentially
committing murder and it feels like a
hard rule to make for society to
function if I don't want to be murdered
basically we're going back to my
descriptive egoism [ __ ] okay so it's a
hard rule so you don't think that oh so
you don't think that there should be any
legislation that goes one way or the
other because well no I think that like
in terms of like how society functions I
mean like abortion has to be legal like
I mean the idea that I would legislate
like my morality to another person like
that is makes me pretty uncomfortable in
an issue as gray as this I don't think
you can do that and then also I don't
think I mean people are gonna get
abortions one way or another I think
that we should reduce the amount of
abortions in the United States as much
as possible the best way to do that is
through like contraception sexual
education like stuff like that access to
yeah I guess okay so you you so because
it's descriptive egoism you were saying
that you as a fetus would not have
wanted to get murdered and that you know
that's the reason why you don't think
any fetuses should get murdered if
that's what you consider
to be abortion right though I don't want
so basically so so my met ethical
position as descriptive egoism right I
don't really believe in immorality or
any of that exists right my normative
position is I'm a rule utilitarian so
that means that I want to make the rules
in society that I think will most
benefit me okay one of these rules that
I think shouldn't be made is that it's
okay to kill people without good reason
I don't think it's okay to kill somebody
unless you have a really really good
reason to kill somebody that would be a
rule and when you do an abortion it's
okay to murder some people because
they're very inconvenient to other
people and that's a rule that if
actually you do okay that's our role
that like if you craft that rule I feel
like a good I feel like at some point in
my life I might become vulnerable to
crafting that sort of rule and that
would be worrisome to me that's the kind
of position that I got interesting so
correct me if I'm if I'm wrong here so
you do so you are under the assumption
that I'm not gonna bore like a fetus has
a personhood and you also admit that
like murder in some respects could be
reasonable or acceptable under what you
just described do you think that
murdering a fetus like do you well I
guess my question is do you think a
fetus has personhood and also what you
mean like in a similar fashion to like
animals and and and whatnot like we've
had this conversation before on on like
the veganism debate but do you think
that a fetus especially like a fetus
that has no viability outside of the
womb and this is not even under like
modern medicine I'm talking like
viability outside of the womb without
any sort of other [ __ ] additional
like technological achievements or
technological events advancements do you
think that anything beat before that
point of fetus does that fetus have a
personhood yeah I would say at the
moment of conception um okay wait what
what at the moment of conception really
yeah
um wait can you define why you feel that
way like what what because it's like the
first thing that you are is I created as
like at the moment of conception that
like a fertilized egg is like the very
beginning of like you or I guess unique
sequence of DNA or whatever
okay that I was not expecting that
okay so I'm home so for you
I guess personhood just means like like
under your boundaries is personhood just
anything that could even become a person
but in the conceivable future well I
guess it's whatever we consider a person
to be I don't know what I mean like
that's kind of a that's the this is the
problems that like abortion debates they
get like this like I guess like
philosophical get like very very very
strange very quickly but yeah you know I
I know this is more of a I mean I guess
this is more of like a morality or or
this is definitely a philosophical
conversation and I think abortion is
that 100% either either it's like
religious morality or traditionalism but
usually what's guiding this conversation
at the heart of this conversation is I
think what is a fusion of persons yeah
what makes a person a person is they
feed as a person and viability like or
allowing the fetus to exist inside of
the host even if the host is going to
have like actual harm is that okay or if
we were to have an antenatal as
pronatalist debate then that would be a
little bit different that would be more
about like assigning a value to
existence and if you have a negative if
you assign a negative value to existence
then inherently all births are a selfish
act which we don't have to talk about
that right now though that's a fun
conversation to but so given that we're
talking about personhood what defines a
person and is a fetus a person you said
that life begins at conception a
fertilized egg is immediately a person
right uh-huh
so um but you also understand or you
also admitted earlier that that there
are certain rules that could allow you
to murder someone right uh-huh do you
think that if the the person is
completely like the person the fetus
that you would consider to be a person
cannot even exist without the host like
at that point the
not exist whatsoever without the host
and is required it requires a tremendous
amount of physiological damage or
emotional harm then don't you think that
it's acceptable to let the other person
make that choice like when it when does
it supersede when is the the baby's
personhood or the fetuses personhood
outweigh the interests of the mothers
personhood I think it's really hard to
say that if somebody is incredibly
inconvenient to you it's okay to kill
that person that seems like a really big
line to cross basically like the way
that I kind of test these arguments is
like if I were to like draw the
comparison to a one-year-old but I still
be comfortable making the same arguments
and usually the arguments that
pro-choice people make from a
philosophical point of view I'm not
comfortable making so if it was like
well this is like a something it's gonna
be like heavily dependent on your psyche
okay well the one-year-old is heavily
dependent on you like is this something
that like you know I would be
comfortable saying you know like well
could we kill a one-year-old for this
and generally the answer comes down to
no for that for me
so you're uncomfortable killing a
one-year-old but but but you understand
that there's like or do you do you think
there's a distinction between a
one-year-old and another like in a fetus
like a one-day-old it doesn't seem like
it but I mean well like there are
differences obviously but not things
that would make you a person or not make
you a person that doesn't seem to be the
case or if there is I would if you have
any good ones I'd like to hear like a
one-year-old a one the most important
one being that it's not just a
fertilized egg I go one-year-old has
fully for it one of your old is like
fully formed outside of the body
well I already we're already into big
problems because that's not true when
you're old sin even close to fully
formed you're not fully formed into a
twenty five or thirty no I'm like fully
formed as in you have your fingers and
your eyes and ears of you all right
you're running into lots of problems
right you already see we've already
gotten like way off like you have
fingers and ears like in the world come
form up you have you have sentience and
definitely some form of consciousness
that is developing I know that you could
technically say that about a fetus as
well uh-huh but I mean you have
processing power in there at that point
you have a brain you know I mean it's
not in its it's in its infancy stage but
that's why I talk about viability
outside of the fetus with
out any sort of medical intervention
literally like every single trait you
just gave we can find out like different
points of development for a person right
and it seems strange that anyone know
you can't find it nobody you can't find
it in a [ __ ] fetus is what I'm saying
that's the whole point that's the whole
difference that's why I wouldn't
advocate the murder a [ __ ] folder on
human being regardless of whether or not
they have like all elements of sentience
or all of them's a person hood but fetus
does not have those things that is what
that is the designation or that's the
distinction between why you don't think
plan B is murder or maybe you do I don't
know but you just said life begins at
conception so someone technically taking
Plan B would be murdering yeah because
you're avoiding a lightly conceived a
yeah versus a one-year-old is not it's
not the same well I mean I would argue
that if you it seems to be yeah wait you
actually so you think that okay you have
let me guess Plan B is the ejection of a
fertilized egg right there that's my
yeah so and to the people who are saying
holy [ __ ] I think destiny is is at least
one being honest about it to thinking
about this seriously and in three his
perspective he admitted does not impact
his decision on legislation like you all
right am i if I'm not mistaken you're
pro-life when it comes to I mean you're
pro-choice when it comes to legislation
right correct
okay which is why I think this is
interesting
most people are dishonest in my opinion
I think that most people that that claim
to be pro-life are dishonest if for
example they make distinctions for rape
or murder why I mean it doesn't matter
what the product or it doesn't matter
what actions led to the creation of life
if you believe a life is life and if any
fertilized egg is a life and a person
then what difference does it make it's
not the fault of that person that it was
a product rape or incest the argument
there that that person is trespassing
and you didn't consent to it in any way
so I should perform or do anything to
cause that to happen and you could argue
that people that on the pill or people
who take a condom still recognize that
there's some percentage chance that you
will get pregnant so you should you
can't just abort something that would be
like the argument somebody would make
good man so oh so you're saying that
it's but it's still a person right like
just because it's trespassing doesn't
Shambo say like even if you are a part
of the personhood I thought that was
well no but it doesn't matter you can
tell people contractual things some
people feel like you can kill people for
trespassing so they would say like here
where you're literally stealing somebody
else's like bodily functions this
represents like a form of like
trespassing that you could absolutely
kill somebody for well I think a lot of
people consider to be trespassing but
those people who consider to be
trespassing in the case of rape or
incest are are still I guess agreeing
that you can I guess there is still
agreeing to killing an innocent being is
what I'm saying
sure so ultimately well it's not an and
upon that to say that well it's still
technically trespassing even if it's not
rape if you didn't know like what if you
didn't have access to the education
which is the ins which is the reality
for a lot of people you know what I mean
well I don't think they would say not
having access to the education makes it
right and so the argument for like a
pro-choice is you're not killing
something that's innocent you're killing
something that's aggressing on you it's
violating the Knapp right it's literally
leeching resources from your body and
you didn't necessarily consent to it in
that way so it doesn't get like
protections like a normal person well
that's not like stealing bodily
resources okay well the non-aggression
principle is a bit of a meme I don't
know if you still believe in that or not
but okay so from a contractual
perspective this thing that can't even
this thing that didn't even make like I
guess if it's trespassing in your body
it's still not it's still not the fault
of the fetus though you know what I mean
it's like a random [ __ ] being like
you didn't it didn't consent to being
put there to begin with right like a
fetus does not have the choice to be in
your body a fetus is just there right
sure yeah I don't think it's I just
don't understand how like it's it's a
people try to make the case that you can
you know you can abort a baby for rape
but all babies I mean all fetuses are
baby
or it's probably just a politically
expedient position because you don't
want to tell rapists so they have to
have their rapists baby right yeah I
mean that's why I think that at least
Alabama is technically consistent okay
actually no they're still inconsistent
because here's the third part of this
conversation that I want to hear your
perspective on and this is something
I've been thinking about a lot so there
is still no matter what in every case
there is still an arbitrary line drawn
where you say abortion is illegal except
in cases where the the fetus can cause
harm to the host body right I mean I
don't think my line is arbitrary I think
my line is like as clear as you can get
it to be but if you think I'm sorry but
you're gonna go for it no I'm saying
this long I I find this line to be
arbitrary in the sense that my line no
no the line that I just mentioned that
abortion abortion should be illegal in
all cases except and I'm using it as the
Alabama line okay the only line that
Alabama drew was if the fetus carried if
the pregnancies carried the term the
mother will be harmed by it emotionally
or physically right oh I don't think
that's arbitrary I think that's if you
believe in abortion why but it's still a
life right yeah but you're choosing one
life for another you're literally saving
a life in that case would be the
argument but plenty of people okay so
here's the thing that I don't understand
then why can it expand upon abortion in
the first trimester all the way then
because plenty of women want to get
abortions not just because of what do
you call it not just because of
financial reasons but because they
experience emotional damage or even if
they are even if they're unable to
perform in the in the labor force I
don't think people say emotional damages
emotional damage isn't a good reason to
kill a child or a tyrant but they would
say the law is saying that emotional or
physical harm Alabama is saying that
yeah I mean that's in the writing that's
in the legislation which is what I don't
understand
I don't understand okay so so there is a
line though which is like how much pain
is is justifiable for the host take on
for this child that could have been a
product of rape or incest or could have
been a product of a consensual
relationship but you just obviously
didn't consent to having it in your body
but you no longer can get it you can't
get a contraceptive you can't do
anything because everyone is it's
established that this is a person or
life except for that one instance where
you can abort it because it causes you
emotional or physical harm why are we
why are we allowing the baby to why are
we allowing to murder the baby in that
instance but not in others if it's a
life it's still technically an innocent
life right sure you would have to ask
the people that wrote the license do you
ever take on this or what wait what
would you do in your in your world my
world nobody would hopefully ever have
to have an abortion because things like
contraception probably be freely
available people that can't afford it
and hopefully sexual right you fear that
again you got cut off hopefully people
the way to minimize abortions would be
to provide contraception to people
probably at no charge if they can't
afford it and then that our sexual
education be good enough that people
don't think it like [ __ ] in hot tubs
are ways to not get pregnant okay that
would be like the way that I would
probably seek to get rid of abortions
oh no but I'm saying but you would still
allow abortions to exist even by even if
you offered them everything possible
right well like in my in my perfect
moral world no I guess there would be
like a state agency or so I'm sure that
adopts out kids or something I don't
know so so you would in your in your
perfect moral world still force women to
carry pregnancy to term yeah if but you
would but you would still provide them
with everything like with all the
educational material possible so so is
your is your suggestion and that
abstinence only outside of procreation
then no I mean I don't do abstinence
only what do you mean well the reason
why I say this is because I think you
and I both agree that we
like to have sex not just for
procreation but also for pleasure right
for fun sure okay
so I mean I I mean yeah we do it for
recreation and procreation so you
understand that condoms and birth
control and all of this still has the
capability of failing yeah no matter how
educated you are right now you can even
make you can even impregnate someone
through pre-cum so my point is it almost
seems like if you made abortion
completely illegal but also gave them
all of the educational materials and
contraceptives and whatnot and taught
them safe sex there would still be
plenty of pregnancies that were unwanted
so what do you do in that instance
now you've made now you've made abortion
illegal I mean [ __ ] happens but I mean
that people would carry them determine
and then you would adopt it out to
whatever state I could me him in like a
perfect world I guess that would take
care of them or put them up for adoption
or something so you oh so you would you
would so you're you don't have a problem
with you don't have a problem with
telling people to carry the pregnancy to
term because of an accident no even if
not like and like in my in this flawless
world that we've created now in this
flawless world you I mean it would
probably still be a little flawed given
the fact that they have to carry
pregnancies the term because of an
accident but well right now there's a
[ __ ] ton of reasons why it would be
[ __ ] up to suggest that one the
support that we have for single parents
in the United States is [ __ ] abysmal
so it seems kind of [ __ ] up to say hey
you need to carry your child a term but
once it's born you're totally [ __ ]
you're on your own good luck to access
to contraception is really [ __ ] you've
got a much higher chance of having
access to it if you're an associate
economically advantaged position three
the amount of people that are going to
get pregnant and be affected by this is
gonna be disproportionate because poor
people are more likely to [ __ ] around
then wealthier people because they have
less [ __ ] to do
I'm sure there are even there I'm sure
there are other reasons too I'd be
[ __ ] up to do stuff like this as well
but I mean like yeah this is not good
and well we have today that's why I was
just using the what is I forget what the
statistic is I was just using statistics
in regards to like what percentage of
times condoms fail perfectly perfect you
spell rate for condiments 'kathy there
98 or 99 percent I think and then the
pill is like 99% and then real world use
I think is for economies less than 90 I
think and then the pill is like I think
95 I thought it was 15% failure but even
if you're even if you're like double
strapped in the sense that one party is
on birth control on the other party is
using condom there's still an office
there's still an opportunity to
impregnate the other person and
fertilized egg very very very rare it is
very very rare I'm just saying that but
there is still a likelihood even though
that no one wants to have sex with a
condom including yourself I've heard you
talk about this million times over so
greatly reducing the the recreational
aspect or the the maximization of your
recreational aspect so there's still
there's still a percentage even in that
world where people are having the most
boring sex possible because they're
terrified that they you know abortion is
illegal even though have been access to
all of these educational materials and
contraceptives and whatnot I feel like
still carrying a pregnancy to term in
that instance is still kind of torturous
like it doesn't change the it doesn't
change the fact that okay why should you
be allowed to kick okay well sure so I
understand the positive for mine is very
hard to defend and we can run through
all of these arguments and it's very
difficult it's a very very difficult
argument what is it what is it what is
the positive argument you give them when
should you be allowed to kill somebody
oh I don't I don't I don't describe the
personhood do a fetus I say like oh why
not it's not it doesn't have it doesn't
have consciousness it doesn't have any
okay so we have the OT of consciousness
so consciousness is that gonna be your
your bar for when some no well why I'm
not giving I'm giving you multitude so
yeah but I want to just go through the
ring I want to go through the arguments
one
time instead of laying out 50 things
okay but then don't don't let your first
question be okay is that it
consciousness know obviously conscious
is not the only reason for not the only
reason for personhood I'm and I'm going
off these I mean I'm making this up on
this bottom I need to probably think
about it a little bit more if we're
being honest of like what makes it a
person because currently is just mmm my
feelings if we're being honest like I
don't feel like a fetus is a person but
but I would have to think about it a
little bit further and I'm doing that
right now but consciousness it let's say
is one but it's not the only reason okay
don't forget that you wrote it down okay
sure so I don't want you to turn around
be like oh well what about what about a
[ __ ] 95 year old like that doesn't
have consciousness okay there's multiple
reasons okay so that's one do you want
to keep going or do you want to talk
about consciousness as they stand alone
sure so why does consciousness make you
worthy of being like considered for life
whatever um I think morality like a
moral agent moral agency is something I
care about I human I mean humans are
technically moral agents Oh with it when
it's combined with obviously other
factors as well but consciousness in
that sense is is important to me to
distinguish it's to distinguish whether
something is a person or not especially
because especially because this is
causing harm to the body that does not
want it it is like a parasite okay so
for we value of consciousness because of
moral agency and what else um what do
you mean we value consciousness because
moral agency what else we just we value
it because we assume that we have it oh
man you're giving me two arguments so
far that every vegan will give you for
veganism but I won't take you down that
road right vegans argue that we should
value all sentient life because we are
sentient but oh yeah
yeah all sentient okay but I guess we
won't go to that so your your counter to
that which you
you have told me in the past is that you
ascribe like human hood a different
value a person hood a different value
just by virtue no that's a hypothetical
argument one could posit my actual
position is that I don't give a [ __ ]
about animals because animals will never
hurt or harm me for my actual position
is that I don't give a [ __ ] about
animals and there are definitely species
of animals that I understand that we're
conditioned to give more [ __ ] about
okay okay so we are in agreement so one
of the reasons why you so one of the
reasons why you value consciousness is
because it makes us moral agents do you
believe that a one-year-olds a moral
agent um a one-year-old has the
capability of being a moral agent more
than like your chances are a lot higher
becoming a moral agent than a fetus like
one second old fetus
you so you really think that one year
olds can make moral decisions no I'm
saying that a one year olds capabilities
increase like a one-year-old ability
it's a viability outside we're just
focusing on like one argument not
viability not whatever
no talking ml very clearly you're
outside the body your likelihood of
becoming a moral agent or your
likelihood of like your you're going
down the natural trajectory of becoming
a moral agent yeah but without me when
you're in the body what do you mean no I
know but you're not you're no longer
you're no longer tied the [ __ ] host I
think that's a pretty significant
difference okay so but now we're going
to a different argument now so do we
want to abandon consciousness why no
because I said that it's obviously a
multitude of different factors not every
single one of them could stand alone
it's not about standing alone it's about
whether contributes your argument
whatsoever and consciousness is able to
contribute whatsoever because you're
saying conscious is important because of
moral agency I believe that I have
consciousness and I believe that a fetus
does not have consciousness and that
consciousness is important because
that's how we that's how we describe or
consciousness and becoming a moral agent
is something that we seem to value an AI
value and other human beings value as
well okay so consciousness is something
that we should value when you say
consciousness the reason why you value
it is because do we want to get rid of
the moral agent part or what do you mean
like what like why do we care
like it seemed like you were saying why
us why do you care about consciousness
and I said consciousness is indicative
that someone has the capacity to be a
moral agent or was a moral agent at some
point or could become a moral agent at
some point way do you think animals are
moral agents when they're conscious or
no not as a standalone like a
consciousness is they that's why I said
it's a signal that it could become a
moral agent animals are not obviously
moral agents no okay so then we do hear
about consciousness at all we just care
about somebody being a moral agent and
consciousness is a signal that they
might become a moral agent okay um I'm
saying that that's why I started off the
conversation by saying consciousness is
only one element and it's not yeah but
you're treating it would you say one
element you're making it sound like what
that means is that every time you can't
substantiate anything on one claim you
can just bounce around do you gather
that again sure I can hear anything it
sounds like when you say well it's just
one part you don't mean that it's just
one part what you mean is like any time
you can't defend one point you can
bounce to another one and just forget
the past one so I'm just trying to
figure out why it is it works no I'm
well I said and I started off this
conversation that it's not a standalone
thing you're you're trying to play down
the same vegan argument that it's like a
single factor that contributes
independently if a single factor was the
reason if we were talking about a single
factor I would say personhood then you
just then you ask me what it's a
described personhood which opens up an
entirely different conversation where
I'm going to give you multiple reasons
why I think a person who it is important
or what a personhood would signify and
what are those it's so obviously those
things are not going to work as a
standalone in and of itself so it
doesn't point them piece by piece and
attack the argument when you know that
it's a collection of multiple things
that human it is you admitted already
because it's not a collection of things
that's the problem okay so let's say for
instance you would ask me why our car is
cool and I give you three reasons and I
say well I think the color of a car how
fast a car goes and the type of
transmission those are the three things
that make cars cool and you were to go
okay well well let's talk about the
color okay cool I like well so if a car
is let's say your favorite color is blue
mine is blue okay
and I'm like okay cool like well if the
car is blue is that like enough to make
it a cool car
then I would say well no now a blue car
gives it a plus that's a bonus but
that's not the only reason it's cool
that's just one part of it but I like
the color blue so a car being blue is a
positive thing that means that the color
is part of my argument okay
in that case it works but let's say
instead let's say I say oh well I like
the color I like the color red because
red cars are fast and then I go well
hold on well it sounds like the color
isn't important at all you're just
saying that you like fast cars go well
no no no no the color is important but
red cars tend to be fast and then I go
we'll hold on it sounds like you don't
care about the color of the car then
what you really can you're confusing me
you're confusing me do you not want me
to stop you okay am I not allowed to be
confused like I'm admitting that I'm
confused why are you dog okay alright so
you need to walk ahead a side you have
30 seconds to respond for not being able
to understand the analogy that you were
making
okay can I explain the analogy yeah okay
well alright okay do it again I'm asking
you why is consciousness an important
thing to determine if something is
worthy of life and then you're doing two
things one you say well because it makes
you a moral agent and I say well do you
think that everything that's contras is
immoral well no no no no no
consciousness is just part of it and
then you retreat to that but it's like
well hold on okay I understand conscious
is a part of it but how and it seems
that you want to keep getting off of
consciousnesses and talk about something
else
so it sounds like consciousness isn't
important much the same in the car
analogy where if somebody says I like
red cars because red cars are fast okay
well it sounds like you don't really
care about the color you just like fast
cars and red cars tend to be fast but
you don't care about the color because
the color in and of itself doesn't
bolster your argument for why a car is
cool
much the same way that for you
consciousness doesn't bolster why
something should be worthy of life it's
just a proxy for some right like moral
agency or something
do you not okay here's the difference
and I'm gonna try to use your analogy in
the way that I understand it and I might
totally [ __ ] it off so don't get mad I'm
saying that I like cars for three
reasons
and you're asking me what those reasons
are I give you the first
because you know cars are red not all I
mean let's in in this circumstance all
cars would have to be really red then
I'm telling you I'm not telling you that
like I like some cars that are red I'm
telling you that I like cars and if
being red is one of the byproducts of
being a car then all cars have to be red
all human beings have consciousness and
one of the reasons why consciousness is
important a precursor to why
consciousness is important or a
precursor to consciousness is is is what
I was describing to you ahead right up
until you made the car analogy yeah but
the problem is like I don't agree with
your description of consciousness there
because I don't believe that all
conscious things are moral agents and
you use moral agency to defend why
consciousness was an important part of
in doing some productions of like Oh
agent sorry okay alright let's so if I
flipped it would you be more comfortable
with that then if you use moral agency
instead of consciousness if I said moral
agency but babies don't have I mean uh
fetuses don't have a moral agency but
babies don't have moral agency as well
that's why I said a capacity to develop
moral agency because you said that as
well the babies have that outside of the
body outside of a different fact like
outside of so again you just bounce to
another argument so you said moral
agency and then you reel it so no
doesn't work at all that's my point
I'm not saying that it's not it doesn't
have to work on its own but you
literally said you said a moral agent he
said well hold on the capacity to
develop moral agency and they said well
hold on I understand that fetuses have
that it's the fact that they're viable
outside of the womb that means that
moral agency has nothing to do with it
capacity to develop moral engine has
nothing to do with it because you just
said it's the fact that they can exist
outside the womb so then that's our next
argument and that's what you're actually
talking about the moral agency doesn't
anything to do with it it's the capacity
to exist outside the womb
no I'm saying okay no what if I were to
say moral agency Oh moral agency out the
capacity to develop moral agency outside
of the womb would you be more
comfortable with me describing it that
way rather than just saying moral agency
sure okay so that's the factor then okay
that's a little bit better we're working
through it together
not very I'm I guess I'm not very good
at arguing my position in this way well
no it's not that you're not good at it
like
capacity to develop moral agency outside
of a host body that you are directly
tied to okay so maybe instead then of
getting this capacity it seems like the
more important part here I thought but
those were two separate factors though
like I thought that those were like I
that's what I was using well I mean I
would argue that every human has the
capacity to develop moral agency I don't
think I don't think that this is like an
important thing where it's saying
outside of the whim so we're really
talking about is like viability outside
of the womb that's the important thing
that we're talking about right and and
it's not just viability outside of the
womb my arbitrary boundary on this is
viability outside of the womb without
like a significant medical intervention
and the reason for why I say that is
because I know that medical
interventions are going to make it so
that viability outside of the womb is
now at I would say like what five months
or even before that so what about
children that are babies like a fully
formed [ __ ] like it still doesn't
even look like a [ __ ] human is what I
mean okay but now we just stepped into
another huge pit because what about
children that are born at term like
their full-term or whatever and they're
born and then they need medical
assistance in order to survive should we
be allowed to kill these children if we
don't like them no because you're
because the difference there is that
you've already made the choice that you
want to have that pregnancy and plenty
of people should be able to have the
right to to abort the pregnancy if they
think that a medical intervention is
necessary for them to survive okay but
wait so what if I mean it's actually one
of the legal exemptions that what you
have what if you made the choice to have
a pregnancy at two months and then you
wanted to have an abortion at six months
should you be allowed to do that um yeah
okay so then if you've made the choice
to have a pregnancy and then the child
is born and it's got a few medical
problems that required to be hooked up
to like a bypass for a month
why shouldn't you be allowed to abort
that no once the child is born or a
viability outside of what do you call it
that's why I said viability outside
without medical intervention and I'm
giving you the exact already given the
birth you've already given birth there's
another that's another you're gonna get
mad at me but there's another
distinction between a baby
and a fetus that is in your womb okay
what is the distinction it's not it's no
longer connected the host body okay
so we have three different things right
here we have the fact that the baby is
not inside of you is one thing wait can
I just spas for one second how the [ __ ]
can you how the [ __ ] can you dumbasses
actually go I agree with the Samba
destiny is owning him hard but like how
can those two how can those two factors
coexist in your mind don't you think
that that's indicative of how [ __ ]
dumb you are if you genuinely think that
someone missed on you can you can you
can agree with your ideas but maybe
destiny is more strategically taking you
down no this is not read to know this is
not rhetoric this is logic I'm where
we're doing exercising arguments right
now not our rhetoric this is so [ __ ]
dumb
like I just people are literally
admitting that they're stupid in this
instance if that's something that that's
like hey I know that you're right or I
agree with you but this other person
seems more right that's literally what
they're saying
alright everybody vote for who you want
to keep not kick okay wait hold on Raj
go on go on go on I'm sorry I got
[ __ ] so triggered but like people
keep saying like ha loser POV I agree
with what you're trying to do is
impossible you're stepping into the
minefield of this abortion argument I've
had like a trillion [ __ ] times on
stream without having thought about this
like a lot in your like there's gonna be
a really [ __ ] difficult I mean I I've
still thought about it a significant
amount just because I haven't you know
had these debates or whatever doesn't
change that reality no don't give me any
[ __ ] concessions like you're you're
let's keep having this conversation okay
um so what was the last question that
you what was last question that you had
okay so we have like a multitude of
things that we're kind of juggling here
okay we have viability outside of the
womb without significant medical
intervention it seems like this doesn't
matter because it seems like if I give
birth to a child that needs medical care
up to one or two months you wouldn't be
comfortable with me killing that but
then it seems like it's because you make
a distinction between a baby that's in
or out of the womb which makes it sound
like then what really matters is like
the birthing process
and then we brought up earlier the fact
that you've made the choice to have a
pregnancy although that doesn't seem to
matter because if you choose to have a
baby and then at six months older you
choose to kill it it seems like well no
that's not okay because of some reason
that's there's a difference between a
baby in and out of the womb so it seems
like in all of these things what we
really need to focus on is that there's
a distinction between something that has
been born or birth and something that
hasn't been there's a separate
distinction between something that has
been born and then another distinction
between a fetus that hasn't been born
yet that that is in the second or first
trimester or even third trimester yes
that's so those are two separate
instances I think it's not the same
thing like III categorize it as
different things like that's why I don't
have a problem with first trimester
abortions which is just very easy very
simple not even a medical invasive
medical procedure where you just take a
[ __ ] pill can I wait real quick okay
hold on there's a lot of [ __ ] dip
shits in your chat there were three
people that I've seen say this I hope
Jesse never needs an abortion bla bla
bla bla bla
I absolutely 107 would have gotten one
because unlike you [ __ ] I walk
the walk and talk the talk
okay suck my [ __ ] dick I had my kill
diamonds on the precedent breaking up my
girlfriend working as a [ __ ] carpet
cleaner having failed at a [ __ ]
school while [ __ ] losing my house and
following on every single [ __ ] bill I
had because that was my [ __ ] life
when I work Harbor cleaning okay so yes
I did need an abortion and no I did not
do it because I do have moral
convictions so suck my [ __ ] dick you
fat-ass [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
they're sitting behind your computer
thinking that you know anything about me
okay [ __ ] off yourself in a video
game okay so I continue okay
go on we were we were having this
conversation where where are we so you
were I'm trying to get the distinction
between the baby that's in the womb or a
baby that's out of the womb okay the
distinction of a baby that's in the womb
and a baby that's out of the womb is
that there is no need for I mean there's
no need for the host anymore so it's
it's no longer up to the host at that
point do you see what I'm saying okay so
it's not without significant the reason
why I have an issue with the reason why
I believe that people should be able to
get pregnant is because I care about the
host I don't think that sex is only for
wreck I don't think that it's only for
procreation I don't think that people
should be punished financially or
emotionally or physically for for an
accident and I justify that by saying
that
a fetus is not a fetus is not a full
like human being or even a baby and that
it there are multiple factors that that
contribute to the fact that it's it
might be a living organism but it's
technically not a person in a similar
fashion to how plants are not persons or
even animals certain animals are not
considered persons from my perspective
and from yours as well so that's but
most importantly the reason why I'm
comfortable with this decision or the
reason why I care about this is because
I care about the life or the personhood
and the in the living conditions of the
host parent that is suffering it because
they are suffering if they don't want to
have this pregnancy if they don't want
to carry this pregnancy to term you are
causing them unnecessary suffering okay
well let's try to get like one type of
weight so what was like the one argument
we can get from that or like what about
like the bullet points of that we just
there was a lot of stuff there okay
harm to the host at all cases if the
host does not want to have this
pregnancy that means that you that that
is a child or the the fetus that's
growing inside of you is causing harm of
the host it's it's in terms that you
will understand it's like a violation of
the non-aggression trip okay so let's
let's focus on this one then okay so
we're saying harm to the host what
counts as harm emotional harm material
harm physical harm these are all these
would all be considered harm to the host
okay so a one-year-old can cry a lot and
keep you awake at night I would say
that's a type of physical harm
one-year-old requires a lot of money
that's a type of a material harm and a
one-year-old can prevent you from seeing
your friends and cutting back on your
sleep will cause a lot of emotional harm
why shouldn't you be allowed to abort a
one-year-old because you're allowed to
adopt give them up for adoption okay how
long so giving something ouch poor do
which is the right thing to do if you
can't take care of your child or the
right thing would be to not let this
fetus become a child okay
so let's say for instance you have a six
or seven month-old thing that could be
viable outside of the womb in some type
of medical device okay do you think that
instead of aborting something you should
have like a moral compulsion to
medically
this thing outside of the woman and give
that up for adoption wait sorry you're
saying would it be okay for for you to
forcibly like get someone to to heat out
the baby and then and put it in an
incubator or whatever surgically removed
and put in an incubator so have it
surgically removed um that's an
interesting question it depends on what
stage of the pregnancy that you're in
and it depends on how invasive of
surgery it is you know what I mean
because like if you're going to force
people to carry the child or carry the
fetus up to the second trimester to the
end of the second trimester so that you
can have this medically invasive surgery
even then it's a little I would
obviously consider the abortion to be
the best practice in that instance in
the first trimester or even in the
second trimester if it's if if the harm
is is far too much for the host okay but
so at what point like if they can
survive outside medically right we agree
that it's given some like human
protections or no what what do we get
there I'm saying that if it has
viability if the fetus has viability
outside of the womb then I'm more
inclined to agree that there is a that
is like a I'm more inclined to agree
that that's going to become a person at
some point you know what I mean like
that that will what what I mean fetus is
because closer to personhood ya know for
sure it's closer to personhood but it's
no longer attached to your body so it's
no longer you can literally just catch
and release it doesn't have to actually
okay so does being attached to a body is
that what makes you a person then or not
a person as if you're attached to
somebody else's body it's not no that is
that is a separate distinction from the
personhood it sure that's a factor but
the real reason why I'm talking about
the attachment to the body is because
it's it's I'm talking about it from the
perspective of the host and the
suffering that the host is well yeah but
I'm trying to figure out like why
because you're giving me reasons where
you can like abort a pregnancy but we're
still trying to find out like when is it
a person because you don't believe that
abortion is killing a person
so that
we were stuck on this trying to define
personhood thing yeah and now you're
saying okay feeling a person yes and
that yeah III don't believe abortion is
killing a person you're asking me what
is a person or like what yes and it
sounds like now you say well if you're
attached to a body that like makes you
not a person or something yeah yeah you
know like viability outside of the womb
is is one of the factors of personhood
sure
okay viability outside of the womb
without medical assistance here's what
you said right I think yeah my ability
outside of the womb without medical
assistance okay but then we were trying
to drill in on that like so if you're a
one-year-old or not a one-year-old I'm
sorry if you're like a one-month old
that's still like on some kind of type
of medical machine because you're not
healthy or whatever you would consider
this a person or no because you would
but don't you know what let's let's do
this let's do this because this is know
know that the most important part of
this conversation is personhood yeah
we're trying to do something that yeah
this is something that we I can't
obviously I'm not doing a great job
defining on my own I would love to hear
your perspective what you said that you
said that a fertilized egg is a person
yeah because that seems to be the
easiest most consistent way to define it
because as you can see when I try to run
because every argument you're having
right now when Rachel was pregnant I
went through all of these [ __ ]
arguments I spent like three months
thinking about this every single [ __ ]
day because I wanted have an abortion
because we're gonna [ __ ] my life up and
it did it caused a lot of [ __ ]
financial and emotional and material
harm to me in those early days it was a
[ __ ] nightmare
so so trying to figure out right when is
a person a person is essentially what
this boils down to like what about rage
what she wanted to do whatever what I
wanted to do she said she was cool with
the other thing okay now I'm now I'm
beginning to understand why you had this
is this is so like this is a this is a
blind spot that like academic philosophy
already has but I understand why you're
you considered all of the options but
you actually never really considered the
most important factor which is that the
the situation that you were under like
emotional material and physical harm
was was nothing in comparison to what a
fuckload of women go through because
your has nothing to do you know every
time like she already gave that
responsibility over to you but you
didn't personally you didn't personally
experience that so how did I not
experiment what I'm saying no no never
you know what actually none of this even
matters because every single argaman you
give me so far is horribly fallen apart
so this is totally not where there's a
definition of an ad hominem this is
absolutely nothing to do with any of you
no no my point was your you've you've
contemplated all other all options but
ultimately given the fact that your is
Rachel your girlfriend wife I don't know
Rachel at the time gave that Rachel at
the time told you that she was going to
do whatever you want to do which means
that she was still accepting like she
was comfortable with carrying the
pregnancy to term okay anyway whatever
but let's keep going that's it's not an
ad hominem but it's just the way I was
just trying to me you're trying to
discredit mine I was I wasn't well know
what you did that was the definition of
it at home it was the way you were
contemplating this the way you were
contemplating this the stakes were not
the same as all other instances but it
doesn't matter that's why I'm saying
let's move past it
wait do you actually understand what I
was trying to say or yes and what you
don't understand what it wasn't way you
were talking about it the way we're
thinking about it
your Rachel at the time was already
except like she was already accepting
the the reality that she carry the
pregnancy to term so that so object of
that a big chunk of that emotional
material and physical harm to the host
goes out the window when you're
contemplating it because the person who
would experience that more severely than
yourself or the person who would always
experience that in every single instance
no matter what is saying that she's
acceptable she's accepted taking on that
burden okay so an annex is when you
overtly attack somebody or more subtly
cast doubt on their character or
personal attributes as a way to
discredit their argument so nothing that
we're talking about now has anything to
do with any of the argument listed
earlier you're just saying that because
I didn't experience
as much material harm as Rachel who was
actually carrying the child that somehow
this should be taken into consideration
one consider no I'm saying that you were
thinking for two people but the second
person in this conversation was already
was already it was had already accepted
the the reality that she was going to
carry that pregnancy to term if you came
to terms with that as well what does
that have to do with any of the
arguments that we said earlier what what
does it have to do with any of the
argument that we've been giving earlier
though because she because she had
accepted it so therefore when you're
considering the emotional suffering that
your partner is going to go through
she's already accepted that she's
already taken on that burden most people
don't take that burden that's what I'm
saying most people don't want to take on
that burden okay does that not make
sense do you don't understand what I'm
trying I understand it but it just has
nothing to do with anything so we're
having like she chose to carry the
pregnancy to term already when she gave
the responsibility over to you because
you had two options you could have said
no you could have said yes but the fact
that she was comfortable with the yes
option that you were you could come to
terms with which you ended up coming to
terms with means that she was also
comfortable with that yes option I
understand that but that still it's
nothing new to the argument we had
earlier it isn't how does that relate to
any of the argument we had earlier well
you use this as an example of like or I
I just thought it was an interesting way
that you came to that conclusion and it
kind of I understand a little bit more
about your way of thinking if that was
the if that was the example that led you
down this like philosophical
contemplation sure anyway I wasn't I
wasn't trying to personally attack you
at all by the way I know I understand
yeah wait hold on okay there have been
three instances in my life where I've
tried to give a personal example to make
an argument and I usually don't like
doing that because I don't like arguing
in that way cuz I think it's a really
poor form of rhetoric and every single
time I've done it the person has flipped
the argument back on me and tried to
compromise my argumentation because I
used a personal anecdote it happened
with that one Irish dude for the rape
[ __ ] it happened with the domestic abuse
[ __ ] and then just haven't know the
abortion [ __ ] I hate giving personal
examples because people instantly turn
it around and how to add home your
argument even if you felt like you were
in the right with every argument earlier
it really triggers if I go to me holy
[ __ ] okay so I had a coffee a lot okay
what's up all right go ahead a
personhood yeah I don't I don't feel
like we ever
to it I mean we were stuck I want to
hear your I want to hear your
perspective on what oh I say at the
moment of conception it seems to be the
most clear consistent way to do it okay
um why what because all other answers
seem to fail a multitude of litmus tests
which is what we just went through now
is trying to define it in any other way
seems to open you okay correct me if I'm
wrong and I might totally be wrong so
you went through every single factor of
personhood and and you came to the
conclusion that it's impossible well you
came to the conclusion that it's it's
very difficult at the very least to
define personhood or reduce it to
multiple factors so that a fetus is a
like you you a fetus would be a person
yeah it seems really hard to make that
to make a case where this is a bar that
I can set that every single fetus will
fail and every single human being that
we considered normal humans will pass it
seems really it seems impossible to do
that it feels like playing the name the
trade argument with vegans and animals
which is also an impossible measure to
pass yeah but you understand that when
you're doing that you understand that
there is an almost undefinable element
that that that allows us to feel
differently about humans sure if you
want you can do that but this is now now
we're on sure and non-human animals and
I'm saying that it is a if you want to
do this we're going to do this but now
we're appealing to some form of
intuition ISM if you want to do that we
can but then we then we can throw out
all the other waste of time [ __ ]
like logical arguments mean it earlier
we can just appeal to intuition ISM but
I have problems with intuition I have
other reasons but wait hold on
so we said like consciousness another
one that I was going to bring up is like
the capacity to feel pain like morality
like the moral agency capacity to feel
pain these sorts of things I feel like
are factors that but none of these are
factors that contribute to personhood no
hold on hold on no but but yeah I said I
can this is like you're not
independently
no they don't in all that your weaseling
you're trying to like weasel in like a
bunch of arguments that we've already
disproven we're about I'm not it is the
capacity to feel pain doesn't count
[ __ ] fetuses can feel that at an
absurdly early age
none of us use capacity if nobody that's
like a pro-life thing and then moral
agency isn't something that six months
olds have they don't have a moral agency
so these are both things that we've
thrown out completely so we can't just
bring them up quickly and hope to
address them again I'm saying that it is
a it is all of these factors that have
to work together or or at least a decent
amount of them have to exist or have to
coexist otherwise sure I can still I'm
trying to I'm trying to let's steal me
yes break this down for a piece by piece
okay um in real time I understand the
strongest form of your argument then is
maybe we can say that humanity or human
or a person is some emergent property of
a whole bunch of underlying traits that
on their own are actually [ __ ]
worthless that a board or plank is never
a ship and you can't use even part of a
ship but if we got enough of them
together we can make a ship but maybe
maybe we can make some sort of argument
at that point that humanity is like an
emergent property of a bunch of
underlying physical characteristics or
something like that would be kind of
what we're getting at um because in that
case that we don't need to individually
justify right like if I were to pull a
plank up out of a ship and I were to go
well how is this plank a ship and you go
well okay that's just a wooden plank but
like all of this together it can be a
ship if that's kind of we can do that I
guess I don't get it are you using the
ship of theseus no analogy to describe
no we can use a car if you want all of
the factors that all of the factors that
I mentioned and more that I'm trying to
come to terms with as we're having this
conversation is it contributes to what
defines something as a person to to
contribute to personhood I'm sure that
there is a philosophical like materials
out there that have gone over this
process before me we could try to find
it perhaps I could dive a little bit
deeper into that without making a fool
of myself in front of thousands of
people on the internet but I I'm working
through it step by step but what did I
tell you from step one is that
do not it doesn't it's not enough to
just point to a single property it's not
enough to point to a single property to
say this is a person it is a it's a
factor of multiple like it's a it's a
and and some of them can't exist or some
of them can't exist in every single
person it's not it's not all or nothing
is what I'm saying it's a combination of
multiple factors yeah I just have a hard
time seeing how this combination of
multiple factors doesn't appear either
I mean it's complicated you admitted it
yourself originally yeah I do admit that
it's complicated but complicated in ways
that can be totally avoided if we just
say a fetus is a person because that
avoids literally all of these
complications what do you am I just say
you are a person at the moment of
conception my argument is relatively
airtight like there's not much you can
really say now we can try to find ways
where it's acceptable to murder people
or have abortions those are separate
arguments maybe somebody violating on
the autonomy of somebody else's body
even if they don't necessarily know or
intend to do it maybe that's enough to
kill the person we can have that
argument but that's but but if we're
gonna go with the argument at a fetus
isn't a person that arguments incredibly
[ __ ] difficult to have or it seems to
be but if we just say well the fetus is
a person now let's find ways but we can
kill people that seems to be an easier
argument to win but but this is really
hard to try to define a person to some
arbitrary point or some arbitrary
collection of characteristics that not
every person is going to possess wait
hold on you know I understand it's the
harder argument to have rather than a
non-aggression principle which is
something that you already something
that fits in your logical framework
which you already admitted you'd be
comfortable with under special
circumstances but I think this is the
more interesting argument to have
because this is that this for me is at
the heart of this conversation and I
think figuring out personhood and what
defines personhood and whether a fetus
is a person or not is important to the
non-aggression principle argument that
we can have on top of this because then
I can be like hey this is not just a
this is not just an intruder that has
doesn't have the capacity to consent to
being an intruder or not an intruder
we're all down to like where we this is
like so we're getting into like these
weird like epistemic realms where like
all of these things are incredibly
arbitrary anyway so I don't think there
are good arguments be had down at this
foundational level for instance because
you could say okay
okay but what do you think separates a
person from do you not think that there
are characteristics that separate a like
different organisms you already admitted
this too when it comes to like eating
meat for example what do you mean other
things that separate different organisms
are there things that separate different
sentient beings that that every sentient
being or separate thing it exists in
different physical space Oh what what's
important things are about utility they
provided me and and not just the sorry
not just importance what I'm saying like
but you don't have a problem you don't
have a problem killing a chicken and
eating it but you do have a problem
killing your child and eating it so what
do you what is the difference between
that and also what is the difference
between in that instance like what there
was between a child like a fully grown
child or an adult or a fetus that's
inside of the body do you not see that
there is a distinction there okay so the
first question I'm Esther that's like
you know the size of a [ __ ] gummy
bear and doesn't have like hands or
anything like that and can't feel pain
and doesn't have brain power at all and
okay you have to be really really
careful you're trying to win with weasel
words and I could say the same thing
about children oh no no listen what you
just did was we words like oh well they
just have weird [ __ ] hands bla bla
bla I could say the same thing about
people with [ __ ] witless cerebral
palsy or people down syndrome right
these are weird [ __ ] kids that run
into the [ __ ] you know wall and their
faces are all [ __ ] up and they look
we're like every argument you make about
fetus I could make about some people
with some forms of like developmental
disabilities right and you would never
do it you'd say that's Horrible's like
okay well you just did that to hand guys
but they can still exist
well now not all of these people can
exist without round-the-clock intensive
medical care and some of them have to be
permanently attached to me shrine if
they're not viable outside of the womb
either because I need to be attached you
can yeah but you can give that
responsibility over to someone else as
you can as well by delivering something
before it's before it's reached
full-term and and putting it in an inky
which is why I said which is why I said
I would be I would definitely be
comfortable with that
depending on how invasive the medical
procedure is and at what stage this
person is in like as far as the
pregnancy goes sure that's why I said
that's why I said I was I was already
comfortable with that okay yeah I guess
then it like then not then you get into
other we heard Harry has this argument
is no [ __ ] gobble
you get into other weird areas then
we're like literally the viability or
the personhood of somebody is literally
defined by the times current medical
technology which doesn't feel very
satisfying and I guess we can argue over
whether satisfying should be a criteria
for of an argument is good or not but
like you're basically like oh well this
fetus at seven months old this isn't a
person it's like well in 2025 it is a
person and you know 19 or I'm sorry like
in 1550 it's not a person right well
that's kind of weird that's a way but we
we have taken away I mean I think you
and I both know that you know personhood
has been taken away or given to even
certain subsets of the population so
this is an ever-changing concept sure
but that's why I made a distinction of
that's why I made the distinction of not
just a like personhood that changes in
regards to what the what the current
technology is but just living without
severe like medical intervention I feel
like the best thing for abortion is to
focus on the policy arguments and just
say no for sure
good yeah but we already agree on the
[ __ ] policy arguments well yeah I
know but like the philosophy I agree
this argument is so age like I don't do
this with anybody when I do they don't I
don't do this with REM I always tell my
fan base that I won't have the same
thing with veganism these did this
debate is cancer because we're getting
into areas that are so incredibly
arbitrary and undefinable right like
friends is like people in your chat keep
raging is like oh does another science
this is not a scientific question this
is a philosophical question no we're in
science do we get a definition for what
is a human it doesn't exist it can't we
have to arbitrarily value some
characteristics that make you human
nowhere in the scientific literature
kid will you get something saying this
is what a human ought to be or this is
what a human should be you know like so
I mean like this or you know I know that
we're having a philosophical argument
but it's a really boring one because
like no none of it neither of us are
gonna win this or solve this and it's
like it's so convoluted about winning
it's about contemplation or hate right
that's what that's what it was for me I
just wanted to hear a [ __ ] person
whose opinion I respect tell me what the
[ __ ] why he has the perspective that he
has and try to put holes in it do you
didn't you could do the same exact thing
which would make my argument a lot
better when I'm when I'm talking to
[ __ ] I didn't realize that I didn't
realize that this is much worse than you
[ __ ] sitting around playing
legends all day oh well it's not worse
it's just frustrating for me I don't
mind having the argument like one-on-one
with you maybe I'm letting chat like
influence me emotionally too much I
don't mind having a one-on-one with you
but like lefties load up a whole bunch
of [ __ ] stupid [ __ ] rhetoric when
it comes to having these types of
conversations I don't know the destiny
has babies himself or destiny vibe
landed his kid or well men shouldn't
make any statements about women's bodies
or he just person doesn't know anything
about science who's that aardvark guy
you should drive in people dude I mean
who cares
obviously Minh oh I'm just having these
arguments to not look at that [ __ ] sure
no no I know I understand I'm just
saying like in combination with like
publicly having like a discussion like
this like lefties like load this up with
a bunch of cancers as [ __ ] right
everyone right do as well for sure
I hate being [ __ ] pro-life pigs and I
get a whole bunch of [ __ ] morons on
my side will agree with me that for a
whole totally different reasons dude I
only yelled once and that was because
someone kept spamming how much you were
[ __ ] owning me and also agreeing with
me simultaneously sure but they're
telling me to take the El the entire
time that we've been having this car
that it's not true you literally have
had at least three different people in
your chat overkill x7 is one and a
couple others that are saying like oh
why is this he made this room at all he
had been in his kid I mean like people
have been looking at why are you looking
at my G coz I always have a chest when I
had these conversations but um okay I
should I I am not even looking at my own
chat because it's [ __ ] pissing me off
sure I don't care but listen I don't
care for the chest I'm just saying like
these types of conversations aren't very
fruitful neither of our position is
gonna be budged I guess if you're like
curious on how like aids this
conversation is like that's a way to
have it but like it seems like it's like
a not fruitful like the policy position
the applied ethics position is more is
more interesting than like the meta
ethical position that we're like
debating right now which is like very
very very [ __ ] weird also if you want
to drag that one guy you're [ __ ]
[ __ ] it's the part that I don't have
an answer for so I'm trying to [ __ ]
I'm trying to find an answer by talking
to you or not it's a part that I have
feelings about but I'm trying to
actually develop them into something
more conclusive or rather than just like
I feel like a fetus is not a human being
or I feel like a fetus is not a person
yeah but that's literally all it comes
down to because I say kind of like oh
well I think we should define humanity
as having like a certain genetic
sequence and it's like okay well why
it's like I mean I don't know I really
could argument for that either like
that's just what seems to be consistent
it seems to work out more consistently
with other
but like I don't think this I don't even
know if something this fundamental will
ever come up in another type of argument
like I don't know how I have to have to
consider this type of like really
esoteric position when it comes to
talking about things like like
healthcare or immigration or anything
like that okay I mean and by the way for
both of our chats obviously we agree in
regards to like legislation and we also
agree about the the awful consequences
of forcing people to [ __ ] carry
pregnancies determined whatnot which is
why I think you don't disagree with me
when it comes to legislation so
everybody chill the [ __ ] out
this is like Destiny's personal opinion
yep that's all so I ask you I have to
leave in like four minutes do you want
to do viewer dragons wait what do you
want to do viewer dragons I feel even
like four minutes I'm going to that
[ __ ] place tonight what I can't say
what's viewer dragons Dexter Morgan God
really wants to come on and so does and
so does uh aardvark narc um sure
whatever yeah I'll talk to some other
people you'reyou're leaving I don't get
it oh yeah it's listen I just really
want to shout out some of these people
cuz they're [ __ ] trigger on the [ __ ]
at me yeah I don't know where they are I
don't know who they are I don't all
right well there in your you gotta get
you guys gotta go to destiny discord oh
they're in your discord I'm looking at
them in your chat I'm just really
curious because they say I know nothing
about science I'm really curious what
the scientific my my discord then go to
mind us or drag him and I'm sure I got
four minutes I'm excited alright see me
in the debate corner all right I don't
worry in an open room I don't know where
did his son go I don't know oh god now
everyone's here in his discord in a
channel called hosta base corner oh [ __ ]
I'm in my discord yeah you're in your
he's too much I am a boomer I [ __ ] up
okay where are these [ __ ] people what
are their names
one was called aardvark something horrid
Voort are they in my but they're not
even in my [ __ ] voice channel like
they're not even
looking at it right now do you see their
names on the voice channel no I thought
they were talking [ __ ] so they'd show up
and [ __ ] talk the talk but they
didn't okay I don't have discord at work
pepé go
[Music]
