okay unless this has been horribly cut
out of conduct which I can't tell I
don't know why you [ __ ] [ __ ] SAR
so obsessed with editing down [ __ ]
unless she's pulling this from an
already [ __ ] edited video or whatever
I this means I win my debate with Sargon
can we can we can we settle that I won
my to debate with Sargon Sargon continue
to say that black people just needed to
get married I kept trying to push him to
cultural reasons he wouldn't find any
and I would finally I think I asked him
three or four times so you saying its
genetic is that the reason why it's
different and he kept saying that it was
disingenuous from you to back him in
that position but now it seems like he's
come full out and he's admitted it right
he does think the differences are
genetic so I win the debate right can I
can we be done with that now is that can
we move past that I got I got I got
violence at low IQ inside my DNA oh wait
cuz you didn't is it called up smash
because he didn't do the thing and he
blocked it at the wrong time what's the
things destined to go through after his
move working out staying healthy I have
not said that
stay tuned for land of broken promises
this guy you know where this guy's going
right to the gulags
SIA wouldn't want to be a [ __ ] got
him annihilated very strange he's been
doing some amazing streams Lily weird to
see people complaining welcome to the
life of being a streamer that feel when
I've literally been on like 20 hours of
like requested content over the past
week four and a half hours of pka train
wrecks podcast every night startups
podcast with Dan Dungeons & Dragons
organized solely by me a podcast with
trihex and it's still not enough I love
the grind but that's okay
cut his tongue oh this is Annette this
horrible [ __ ] squad guy this was so
[ __ ] bad too dizzy
yes [ __ ] they're like on the edge of the
blue fighting he's getting sniper
what are these guys doing they're
running around he gets a full trauma kit
off while under fire how a single shot
is supposed to interrupt this how he
gets a full trauma kit off under fire
what are these guys doing oh my god it
was a setup dude that was a setup
guaran-fucking-tee unbelievable play
says I don't like I don't like being
talked down to people who can't practice
what they preach that's personally me
and I'm not saying I'm not saying about
that I am and this exclusive
one-of-a-kind talent I'm just saying if
someone I wanna seem to like actually
absolutely fair and there's this story
divide it sort of this sounds like a
real dumb take am i trying to be really
generous here this sounds like when
people are like how are you gonna coach
me when you're not even a professional
player yourself you [ __ ] idiot
they're like hi how are you gonna be a
movie critique curb you can't even make
a movie how are you gonna say that
bridge that fell over was bad if you
can't even build a bridge like I don't
think the merits of your critique stand
on whether or not you can actually
execute what it is you're critiquing do
people really think this I don't think
that's true ever here's the reality all
right this guy's actually totally
[ __ ] wrong here's the reality okay
a lot of people don't like to hear this
this is 100% true just because you are
good at something doesn't mean you have
any [ __ ] idea why you're good at it
or how the [ __ ] to help other people
become good at it
that is a fact of life that you find if
you find any person that has any
background in teaching or any
understanding of how to teach they will
admit that and tell you that 1 million
percent there are a lot of people that
are really [ __ ] good at [ __ ] that
have no [ __ ] idea how the [ __ ] they
got there or how the [ __ ] they can help
other people get there and you can see
this golden you can see this galore this
is so stupid I just take the doublet I
forget how much work it is meanwhile I'm
spinning all day working on animation
yeah then it's like oh wow well you're
you doing it on a computer you're doing
it by hand wow you're doing it digitally
you're not even a real [ __ ] artist
dog who whatever use digital tool it's
not even
thing dude you gotta get [ __ ] pen and
paper out man like you get get the
[ __ ] God Diane okay I really don't
care I don't care about any of this I
don't know why were watching this I
don't care all right it's a [ __ ] these
dumb takes a long time you're here with
a question I'm working in a on a
psychology work I'm working on a
psychology work and it's asking me to
give an example of a field study in
relationship into cognitive learning and
proximity of mobile phone dog you got to
take a [ __ ] English class longtime
viewer here with a question I'm working
on a psychology work and it's asking me
to give an example of a field study in
relationship to cognitive learning and
proximity of mobile phones any ideas on
what kind of field study it would be
without making it into an experiment I
don't know dude that would be a really
[ __ ] hard thing to design oh yeah the
real answer is make interns figure it
out that's true
I don't care all I can say good job
that's what my mom said Wow it's almost
like [ __ ] rolls downhill oh [ __ ]
where's my mom at oh oh molar de moly
dude is a [ __ ] is so [ __ ] hardcore
Flynn came out
Flynn came out and was like yo this is
some [ __ ] I didn't even know that
perjury was really that bad his Liars
apparently came out and said that um and
we're like well we didn't know that he
was like gonna get in super trouble for
what we didn't think was that big of a
deal
Bay some dumb [ __ ] like that and [ __ ]
molars team came back and said you
[ __ ] were planning on lying two
weeks before the [ __ ] interview the
defendant made his decision to lie about
his communications with the Russian
ambassador two weeks before his
interview of the FBI firstly holy [ __ ]
how the [ __ ] did they know that
I feel like this investigation is some
scary I [ __ ]
I like cuz my mom my mom was one of the
people and I'm sure there's a lot of
[ __ ] Republicans that are like
pointing it out like oh well he just got
confused during the interviewer oh well
they just didn't know like during the
interview that this kind of does lying
this [ __ ]
not only made the plan to do it weeks
before the FBI interview but apparently
Mahler's chief yikes
[ __ ] dude if there was a [ __ ] you
should be able to drug people and accept
them into another [ __ ] world okay I
just
just imagine imagine the [ __ ]
headlines were a black man Barack Obama
is paying off [ __ ] porn stars and
[ __ ] them behind his wife's back oh
my [ __ ] god the fox news coverage
would be insane it would be
un-fuckin'-believable how much he would
be [ __ ] destroyed by the media if
Barack Obama a black man had [ __ ]
videos out there he I grabbed him by the
[ __ ] oh my god he would be annihilated
it would be insane oh I've been trying
really hard lately I don't know if
anyone notices I don't know if anyone
because I'm trying really hard lately
not to make fun of people's appearances
I really want to say that like McConnell
looks like a frog because 1000 ways to
do it I'm trying to stick to non non
appear in space insults though I feel
like it's a thing that it's really hard
not to but it's something to try to stay
away from over the past like six months
if you don't give her the concessions
that she needs
that deal will fail in Parliament and
you might end up with low deal yes are
you prepared to run that risk to drugs
it is your choice not mine oh [ __ ] why
would this guy think that this guy
[ __ ] cares I don't I don't know the I
don't know the background or that all
the cogs in place so maybe these reasons
he should but if you don't give us what
we want we'll shoot ourselves in the
foot yeah I don't understand are you
guys ready for a No Deal brexit oh I'm
feeling it I'm feeling it if we were to
do something like that and essentially
economically wage war the European Union
we could probably beat it just by
lowering our taxes beyond about anything
so stupid yeah what is the European
Union like I said um so that your people
Union is the largest frog I'm pretty
sure is the largest market what would
you measure it in terms of like market
size the European Union is like the
largest market in the world in terms of
like in terms of like unified trade I'm
pretty sure this is true right age'
hasn't set up any market that would that
would rival the European Union the idea
that the UK could go to war wheat with
with the European Union like market and
win like Germany by itself can beat the
British economy easily the greatest
single largest single market in the
world the eel is the world's largest or
the world's biggest exporter of
manufactured goods or services it's the
biggest import market for over 100
countries it's also the world's largest
single market area but the United
Kingdom which in and of itself isn't
even unified on really wanting to piece
out it could take on the whole EU and
wit what is we just lower our taxes we
just lower our taxes we'll do it boys
just by lowering our taxes just
encourage all of the investments of our
country and that would just drain slowly
France and Germany and that would suck
for them but there's not a lot they can
do or destroying France and Germany
economy [ __ ] okay dude okay dude
absolutely fascinating
[Music]
