so I know very little about you and I'm
sorry I was brought here by a pull
thread to beat you
let's I guess talk about the election
because it appears to be the really big
thing that we're gonna talk about this
is a discussion I mean it's not like a
hardcore debate I'm not gonna be
screaming at you you're not gonna be
screaming at me this isn't like Bill
O'Reilly or hardball please absolutely
I'm very happy because that's not what
I'm interested in doing [ __ ] you've
never lived this [ __ ] not only that you
have no idea what I've lived honey okay
she gets all of her money from Wall
Street which is treason well this might
be a stretch but it's legally treason
Trump is actually like just very stupid
I mean he's stupid why does he have so
many million dollar energy well before
you say that they were all bankrupt you
understand that a smart businessperson
sells off their bankrupt okay so I say
I'm not talking about any bankruptcy
means okay I understand how bankruptcy
works I know that he's never filed for
personal bankruptcy he's had businesses
that have okay all right sure I'm not an
idiot I promise you I'm not an idiot
okay or at least not as much of one is
the average Hillary supporter okay let's
reverse this why don't you tell me why
you like Trump okay one
I think he's charismatic [ __ ] who I
think he knows how to run a [ __ ]
business do you think that running a
business and running a country are the
same things yeah this country is an
extreme debt do you understand that what
kind of thing we owe trillions of
dollars why is that a bad thing why is
it a bad thing that you yeah tell me I
want you to tell me why why it's a bad
thing
listen listen to me I want you to I want
you to see what you're asking me you
asked me does it put us in a good
position when tons of countries around
the world hold on to US debt and have an
invested interest in the success of the
United States economy you're asking me
if that puts us in a good position yeah
okay listen the debt I understand where
you're coming from and I know what
you're talking about okay however this
is part of the reasons why Trump is a
[ __ ] idiot the debt is not a
one-dimensional thing when you come up
and you say like well look at our big
national debt you have to have a little
bit more than that than just well our
debt is kind of bad right I know this is
like a really common trouble talking
points that's interesting we
be a sovereign nation and we should get
out of global economy I don't know tell
me why you disagree with 97% of
scientific organizations around the
world can you tell me what like what I
don't
I actually I am a scientist I'm a
professor so I actually do agree with
them that the climate is changing our
actual influence on the table the whole
temperature of the world is not entirely
based on human influence maybe not
entirely but I again actually guess 97%
or 97% that is used but the fact the
matter is that that is partially based
on cow farts I hate the fact that every
single time a wolves in your case a
Democrat says something you guys spin it
as this is him trying to destroy a white
culture this is him trying to destroy
rich people this in trying to serve is
America however any single time Trump
says something oh no he didn't mean that
oh he was just being hyperbolic
oh he misspoke there oh you're twisting
his words oh that was just locker room
talk oh that was like dude dude does
that bother you at all tell you a very
simple thing okay what Trump does are
something called thought crimes you
could read George Orwell's 1984 I've
read it I don't understand how we're in
thought crimes okay I'm not here to
defend Hillary Dawg I'm talking about
sorry but I'm saying that's what always
gets brought up believe me a [ __ ]
what and then let your calling me a
[ __ ] Pig no I might ship my chats not
running for president dogs like I don't
care my chances buddy how do you feel
about teachers how do you feel like they
should get paid how do you feel like
that [ __ ] should go down education in
the United States is really bad right
now I don't know what the solution is
it's a really complicated thing it's how
should we teach students I don't know
there's a lot of like PhD level analysis
on education I don't know what the I
don't know I don't have a good answer or
you ask me a question that's like this
like hang this [ __ ] you one do you
wanna do you understand why it's because
if you ask me a question that I don't
know the answer to
I don't pretend to know the answer
that's why I don't get crucified for it
what is one question that I've asked you
it's not having an answer to you rather
than being able to provide an anecdote
to back up then why are you providing
them as a basis for an argument because
you're asking me about questions so I
have a [ __ ] answer you could answer
like I do and say I don't really know I
don't have an answer for that I mean
sometimes I do have an answer but like
you don't like my anecdote either
because the anecdote is irrelevant when
we're talking about classes in the
United States guys like to kiss pretty
women is that how you're spinning this
I'm not trying to spin you're spinning
it so if I would have find you in your
university or to walk up and just give
your boob a little [ __ ] shake and
then try to [ __ ] nuzzle on your neck
and [ __ ] and you think I'm the most
disgusting person in the world but
because I'm a [ __ ] streamer and I
have some money you think that's okay
for me to do it that's not insulting to
you at all as a woman or a person I read
about the actual allegations against
Trump no you were defending the locker
room talk you were saying it's not a big
deal what he said talk is not action
yeah knock yourself out okay well wait
okay all right anyway so this book which
is really interesting okay that's
interesting
um how come white people should be held
responsible for the crimes of their
ancestors that's what you basically said
you said that should be held responsible
insinuating that I do think that people
okay I think that America yeah we did
yeah of course America has [ __ ] up
[ __ ] sure yeah okay so how come the
Japanese shouldn't be held responsible
for their [ __ ] up [ __ ] how come for
what [ __ ] up [ __ ] you realize Japan
got nuked twice right
you realize Japan got nuked twice right
which should we have dropped a third
bomb on them what do you mean held
accountable what you know what the rape
the Rape of Nanking yeah I know that you
know they got nukes twice right you
would like what how much what do you
want oh we literally destroyed the
country and went in and rebuild it from
the ground up what else do you want us
to do but know they're trying to make it
now illegal to talk about [ __ ] well I
think that's bad in Germany they have
similar things where it's illegal to
even be like a
is legal to talk about well no that's
not true no that's not true no that's
not true
are you insane like you and actually for
the shed for being a Nazi maybe yeah
okay sure but not for just talking about
really hate the fact they don't like
reality it's really funny so yes that's
pretty hilarious oh good they want to
attack me that's great
what you have to understand that my
field is a hundred percent on your side
the reason I'm so worried about being
Doc's is because I will lose my job I
will lose my position I will lose any
ability to ever work in the field again
if I am out of it as a right-wing person
then why even say that you where you
were from yeah I mean we can if we want
to end the conversation we can of it
makes it more comfortable I'm okay with
that
I mean it's already out there whatever
like people are already on that I knew
this going in here that I was gonna be
dogs so it's like whatever why is it
like if you're a liberal and you could
have the most extreme little position
like all whites are racist never had
that position before like why can you
have those positions I don't believe
that all white people are racist as a
person in my life you understand what
I'm saying why could you have this
positions and be fine and then I hold
like make them every right again and
then I'll get fired
do you understand you're posting the
best like hyperbolic things on both
sides in then asking me a question I
mean how do you want me to respond dogs
I mean you've asked me some pretty
hyperbolic [ __ ] so I'm like what what I
want unfair hyperbolic things do you
think I've asked you you just be like
some [ __ ] about like racism and like I
mean come on like make America great
again what do we need to look at look at
Sweden
what about Sweden why do I even why do
we even care about Sweden have you seen
what's happened to me what's happened to
Sweden they've been completely overrun
completely overrun in what specific ways
have they been completely overrun in
what way have they been completely
overrun please tell me
anything about the rapes oh so now you
want to talk about the rape statistics
now the rape statistics are relevant to
you that's really funny because did you
know that in Sweden actually these are
very closely tied together did you know
that in Sweden did you know that every
single form of unwanted sexual whatever
is reported as a rape and that's the
reason why the rape statistics are so
[ __ ] huge it's funny that you weren't
critical or skeptical of Sweden's rape
statistics because that plays into your
narrative of hating Muslims but it when
it comes to the United States is rape
statistics you are very skeptical I
think that it's kind of funny I thought
that was kind of funny when I was in
high school I had a girl her name was
and she raped a boy in my class named
Trevor she got pregnant and she's
[ __ ] sued him for child support
that's why I'm against this [ __ ] I mean
dude you should [ __ ] polish that so
if it happens here one friend I mean
damn gee that sounds like we should
change the entire way the entire world
works cuz it happened that one dude like
and you I know what it's not just me
it's basically everyone it's 90 [ __ ]
percent 90 percent of what divorce is
where the children put the mother so
what does that mean you know you've got
you've got a dude Hillary and Obama
control everything so anything bad comes
out is their fault and anything good
that comes out is spun by them I can't
win you got a dude I don't think Hillary
wants to go to war with Russia ugh so I
say you won but I'm not gonna say I won
it's just a discussion dog there's no
winners or losers the people that agreed
with me the people that agreed with me
before coming that they're still agree
with me and people that agreed with you
probably still agree with you coming
into this there's not much that these
discussions really do I mean I know I'm
not looking for like I just really hope
I don't lose my job because of us all
right I have fun thank you I appreciate
the conversation yeah thank you it was
actually really fun yeah good luck in
your PhDs and your teaching and your
streaming memes all right I think this
is a mistake
[Music]
