how much money for ninja to move to
mixer this is my guess
no Bernese bill does not allow for this
type of supplemental and shirt stop
spreading this rumor okay like wake the
[ __ ] up and figure out like oh [ __ ]
am i the one that's out of touch no no
no no it must be the DNC that's rigging
it against Bernie that's a challenge
sometimes so I go ahead he's Mike he's a
good friend of mine so they like took a
lot of the [ __ ] [ __ ] that we'd left
for their military didn't they likes
didn't they take like literally all the
[ __ ] Humvees and [ __ ] that we'd left
for the Iraqi military there do people
really watch cops and I feel like twitch
would ban me and not ban anyone else
give any plans got any future debates
you're gonna do coverage of them or not
anymore for the CNN memes um I think
c-span is still safe I probably won't do
CNN anymore I'm too nervous to even I
don't know if I would even rebroadcast
the audio I sent an email today I sent
an email to one of the online tech guys
for CNN you're alive Angela thump ow was
the day off and I tried to present
myself as a like hey I was the largest
broadcaster of the debates blah blah
blah young people like super engaged and
blah blah blah and I tried to swing it
to see if I could get the guy to at
least revoke the DMCA from me trihex and
Hasan I don't know if he'll even see it
or respond though but if I could get
some kind of license to be broke ass I'd
be cool too but I don't know if I'm if I
have that type of online presence or not
probably to watch it stuff
keep it coming I don't have those
contacts at all so as a total just a
cold email real quick before we go into
anything I don't even know dude my head
is pulled in a million different ways
anybody that's [ __ ] on Ninja for his
moving to mixer why the [ __ ] would you
side with the corporation over a laborer
I'm sorry before I spend all my time
[ __ ] on the left tonight dude don't
don't do that why would you sit here and
pretend like you should have loyalty to
some corporation when you have the
chance to make more of yourself that's
[ __ ] insane gross scores take with
super [ __ ] stupid on that holy [ __ ] I
don't know hopefully that's not the
mainstream opinion awfully most people
and chill about it but it's super
awesome that ninja was able to move to
mixer that's gonna drive a lot of
excitement to that platform you saw ice
beside and make an account of there as
well and I'm sure a lot of other people
are going to be starting to stream there
too because they're gonna look for that
ninja viewership overflow so
can you speculate how much money it took
how much money for ninja to move to
mixer this is my guess
and I I would have to think about this
more but my guess would be that if you
suggested that 10 million would be maybe
around what it would take to move him
somebody they would actually knows would
laugh the [ __ ] out of you it won't even
be close to that it'll be way [ __ ]
more i I would my total guess would be
15 million is probably the floor that
would be my guess that would be my guess
on where those negotiations were you
sent multi-streaming on other platforms
well yeah what I was thinking of doing
was if I could reach out to the mixer
guys and get some sort of sponsorship or
contractors to do political stuff over
there that would be interesting equity
no a ninja would never get equity in no
keemstar said 100 million I
unfortunately never trust anything
keemstar says ever he's proven himself
time and time again to be unreliable
this album is really good I was saw this
last night Wallace doing emails I really
like this album destiny said ninja might
have gotten 50ml okay that's the total
guess I don't know I don't have any
context that no I haven't heard rumors
or whatever or whispers or whatever from
anybody I don't know if that would just
be my guess what I what I'm fairly
certain of is that 10 million would be
way too low not even close
I mean how many sub stood there is a
question how many sub students you have
on twitch oh my god Nate Silver Oh Nate
Silver I love you I'm sorry I have to
forge I have to forge a new friendships
okay because I've gotten so deep I got
so deep into this here is a really
uncomfortable thing here's a really
uncomfortable thing that a lot of people
might not realize [ __ ] I were two
articles on this yesterday I didn't say
them I need to start saving this to
argue with a Bernie bros early polling
early polling is actually not that bad
in terms of figuring out where a
candidate will wind up at the end of a
primary I think it was something like if
you had like a 20-point lead there was
like a 75% chance that you would win the
nomination through your primaries or
whatever there's a whole lot of people
saying a whole lot of dumb [ __ ] about
early voting right now
I'm only bringing this up because at
this point in 2015 Hillary Clinton poll
at 58% of the primary but she had
already fallen from being the most
popular politician of the country to
being underwater Hillary Clinton got 55
percent of the Democratic primary vote
so those early polls showing at 58% were
pretty [ __ ] go ahead please don't
mistake your podcast audience for the
Democratic base the best Nate Silver
tweet of the day if your opponent can't
figure out why real actual people like
Biden you're not good at your job
t moon he talks about the middle class a
lot he talks about Trump a lot he
represents the continuation of these
very popular President Obama and people
think he can win oh and by the way by
Anna's policy positions are pretty close
to those of the average Democratic
lightly a voter if you look at polls and
so forth I'm ready bring on Peter where
is he at come on please talk about this
before he comes on it's better to start
higher unless you walk into the start
$100 and they kick you out immediately
because they're not taking you seriously
let's see you want to buy a rug and it's
mine oh this is like this is like a
really stupid meme okay this keeps
getting passed on when you talk about
negotiations right be like oh don't
start farther before you get to what
your oxy board start farther before good
dogs you have to give a high offer
before you okay like this is like
general this is like general advice this
isn't something that is 100 percent
followed every single [ __ ] time with
every single [ __ ] negotiation you do
right if I want to have two kids with my
wife I'm not gonna start out by saying
hey do you wanna have six [ __ ] kids
and she's like wait what the [ __ ] I'm
like no I want six kids I'm like what
the [ __ ] that's insane it's like I'm
just trying to get you to negotiate down
to two okay
you don't start in coming in with like a
more extreme healthcare plan than most
European countries have and be like oh
I'm just trying to go Sheeta die to a
public group especially if that
single-payer plan makes you [ __ ]
unelectable weren't your tweeting
yesterday they're talking about Trump a
lot is counterproductive why are you
agreeing with the Nate Silver now and he
says the same thing I said that talking
about Trump when you're polling at less
than 2% is unproductive all because
you're not setting yourself apart people
that hate Trump everybody on that stage
hates Trump if you're biting the you
wanna talk about it that's fine you're
the front-runner by a huge margin he
still has a huge double-digit lead by
don't wanna second bunchy hates Trump
all day that's fine if somebody like
Delaney wants talk about hating Trump
will the [ __ ]
you nobody knows who the [ __ ] you are of
course they hate Trump you're not
setting yourself apart that way
move the chat outside okay do you think
now is a good time for a streamer stoped
a mixer you wanted to write now would
probably be a good time because that
ninja [ __ ] is gonna drive a whole lot of
[ __ ] hi also LOL at people saying oh
no ninjas SEO is ruined because of you
google ninja mixer it's only gonna show
the actual brand called ninja mixers
that shit's gonna be gone in like three
[ __ ] days guaran-fucking-tee oh never
mind it might already be gone i'm sorry
i tweeted about that earlier okay so it
never went so I'm on the incognito now
you shall he's checking ha ganado but
like this [ __ ] looked like two or three
days tops like this [ __ ] is gonna be
thanks yeah if anything it's gonna be
really bad for the ninja mixers I see a
phone okay am I gonna get banned if I
keep asking us anything what is where
Matt Brody's playing pretty european
plans I don't think I need to do a
little bit more reading into this but my
understanding is that single-payer
outside of I think Scandinavia is not
that common single-payer is not
generally how European healthcare
systems work in most I'm pretty sure
most European countries you can um we
started tweets you to say 14 I woke up
this morning and I tweet for like an
hour and I went back to sleep you can
pay prime wait I couldn't find that can
you actually pay privately in sweden cuz
i couldn't find that for scandinavian
health care systems like most countries
allow you to buy health insurance
Bernie's plan would make that illegal
you cannot purchase health insurance you
cannot have supplementary insurance
under Bernie's plan oh ok so [ __ ] so
then even in Scandinavia like yeah
somebody brought up some dumb [ __ ]
French [ __ ] brought up like well in
France
Bernie's plan would actually be
considered right-leaning ah no it
wouldn't in France you [ __ ] idiots no
no single-payer either well [ __ ] you
tweeting some dumb ass [ __ ] I mean why
are we even formed Bernie fans [ __ ]
morons what the [ __ ]
sorry where is Peter coffin I'm ready
we're about to spend all week we're
[ __ ] bastard progressives this week
okay
I don't care are you off burning
completely now or just as bros now I
probably still support like a Bernie or
Warren for the for the Democratic
nomination I like the idea of having a
president that sits far to the left of
our current establishment window like I
think that it's important to move things
a little bit back to the left because
holy [ __ ]
because what the [ __ ] cuz we're [ __ ]
concentration camps on [ __ ] border
what the [ __ ] is happening and
ironically half the country defends it
so I'm totally in favor of having a
president that moves things a bit far to
the left but that doesn't mean I'm gonna
be [ __ ] delusional about it and
pretend it like America's ready for some
socialist revolution that is literal
[ __ ] dilute that is an embarrassing
amount of delusion holy [ __ ] you are so
[ __ ] out of touch with America if you
think the average [ __ ] voter is just
waiting for the socialist revolution
who's so [ __ ] lost you're so lost to
internet politics are you for a public
option amen brother the way that Kamala
Harris said it last night in the debate
I believe it was she that said it he was
either her or he saw her Biden but the
idea is that you present a public option
and that public option is so good into
so well that eventually the demand for
private insurance drops or or some
private insurers are forced out of
business because they get their not
profit that would be the goal with a
good public option and then maybe at
some point maybe that becomes
single-payer I think Biden might've been
the one that said that yeah
also oh I'm sorry that might have met
what Peter said also by the way you
ready to get [ __ ] triggered and I'm
gonna admit I only watch probably better
hour the debate because I was doing a
whole bunch of other [ __ ] when I got
banned to make sure I wasn't [ __ ]
perma banned and I got a horrible
headache last night went to bed so I
didn't actually rewatch it so I know I
missed some parts but if what I saw
people were attacking the [ __ ] out of
Biden I know it's gonna trigger you and
maybe you think policy-wise they're
right but Biden was [ __ ] awake last
night if you walked away from all those
exchanges think wow Brian got [ __ ]
[ __ ] stopped no Biden was handling of
self way better last night than he did
during the first debate there were a
couple that he came off kind of met on
but you can only have nine people on
stage
attacking somebody so much like I think
he did a I think he did a much better
job than than he did the first night's
Pakman said the same he said all the
attacking extra sort of helped him after
a while sure and I think CNN agreed as
well yeah
Biden is actually a pretty good debater
maybe the Biden the Biden of last night
was so much better than the Biden a week
ago or was it two weeks three I don't
actually [ __ ] month I don't even
remember my time I'll runs together now
what uh no it was over a month ago if it
lasts to be right whatever Biden that
was that dude looked like he was on
[ __ ] death's door I thought I was
watching a current day Bill Clinton that
dude was like [ __ ] what are you even
doing here buy it and get out but last
night he late he was in a much better
for him
why do people think CNN is trying to
help Biden win because some extent they
probably because to some extent they
probably do like people complain that
that CNN wants Biden to win and they're
acting like CNN is pushing Biden to win
against what the American people want
but the reality is if you take a step
further back sannen probably wants Biden
to win because most Americans that are
democrat mom Biden to when he has a
plurality of the support and all of the
other candidates that are gonna have
drop off voters so like the Kamala
Harris's and the war and the Elizabeth
Warren's those people are going for
Biden too so like it's not like Biden is
this massively unpopular candidate and
for some reason I don't know why CNN
seems to favor him it's because that's
what most Democrats want as well
dude [ __ ] chromatic movements
dude chromatic mood this is our that
should be our next that should be our
next meme I think the Zelda song does it
that song that sound is [ __ ] sick
there's a lot of that [ __ ] on this album
do you think progressives will blame you
of Biden gets the nomination I think
that Bernie or Warren I think could I
don't know about Bernie at this point
okay but like you need to be appealing
to moderate some what you have to like
yeah but the idea that people think
we're ready to go from Donald Trump to
like
quasi socialism it's like what even kind
of interested in following the news that
talking about is just oblivious to
reality and he's like almost ad hoc or
post hoc rationalization on the timeline
and seeing if he can follow through with
it and as long as it's like it's it's it
takes an incrementalist approach like
mainstream media articles and things
that nature are usually going to
correspond to that level of thinking
that way of thinking so the problem with
Hassan and a lot of the other online
progresses I understand it is that if
you only do internet politics and you're
deeply embedded in these circles where
like you're like your family is the
[ __ ] Young Turks and everybody around
you is super progressive and everybody
online you talk about a super
progressive is you can kind of miss the
broader electorate like I said like when
you listen to these people talk like
again like you put like a you put out
like a 15 minute [ __ ] hit piece on
on Kamala Harris and then it's like oh
[ __ ] well she's actually like pulling
like forth in the polls and Biden is
still sitting here is a huge
front-runner like what are you missing
like that's the question I'm not missing
the broader picture here you're the one
with the problem
because clearly the Democratic
electorate doesn't agree with you you
can cry until the [ __ ] in until the
wolves come home or whatever I know
there's a saying there but obviously you
are missing something right you're
missing something like wake the [ __ ] up
and figure out like oh [ __ ] am i the one
that's out of touch no no no no no it
must be the DNC that's rigging it
against Bernie
it must be CNN that's rigging it like
you start to sound like you and not at
this point do you realize that no no no
it's the super-delegates that's why
Biden is so popular um
oh no the black people just aren't
educated enough to know about Bernie um
the under 35 black boat goes Bernie he's
got a lot of Latino support I mean
there's no reason why
like come on dude like what the [ __ ] up
a lot of people like to like to Obama I
know that's hard to believe but seven
months [ __ ] good luck destiny I gotta
get this is my next this is my next best
friend he's kind of be made silver the
people hashtag on here who are like oh
my god all these candidates are killing
Biden are the people who don't get why
he's still 16 points ahead and everyone
else in the polls I just find it hard to
believe that the electorate is so deeply
invested in buying it because of his
policies they probably just think he can
win and he has some name recognition
name recognition is really [ __ ]
important dog and in my now here comes
my here is my subjective somewhat
uneducated opinion I totally admit that
this is where Bernie's biggest problems
lie in my opinion Bernie had so much
name recognition coming into this race
he had a whole campaign cycle juxtaposed
against the most moderate Democrat in
the world and he came into this election
when they started polling early at 16
points and he just really hasn't made
any ground right like everybody that
knows about Burt everybody that's going
to know about Bernie pretty much already
knows about Bernie like Peter is out
destiny I don't think Biden could be
Trump Biden is someone that polls the
most favorably against Trump compared to
every other candidate though so did
Hillary bro oh I'll it's so great this
is what REM means by morally lucky do
you understand that progressives are
demonstrating it right now the pro let's
back up and explain what's the problem
with being morally lucky
the problem with arriving at a
conclusion that you didn't reason your
way into is get them at the snap of a
finger
you could think something completely
[ __ ] different the next day because
we didn't reason yourself into a
position you can be emotionally moved
out of it right and all of these
progressives are like well actually the
the polls actually lied the balls were
actually so [ __ ] wrong didn't know no
they weren't the polls were about where
they should have been Hillary won the
popular vote I don't know if you missed
that or not most people that were doing
good progression per good projections
showed that Trump had like a reasonable
chance of money I think it was 20% given
by a Nate Silver people are acting like
the polls like totally missed [ __ ]
everything they didn't they were pretty
accurate don't pull out these [ __ ]
qyn on conspiracy theory the polls are
rigged blatant [ __ ] here because
you're sad that uncle Bernie's just not
popular with the American people
okay most Democrats even don't want
[ __ ] socialism I'm sorry I feel like
I'm back to when I was 18 and I thought
poles were [ __ ] because my favorite
can it was primal yeah seriously dude I
remember I remember
listen and you know what let's let me be
real for a second okay what non-top for
candidate Harris Biden Sanders Warren
excluded would be most likely to earn
your vote should the other four either
drop out or have never run in entirety
which it went on top four candidates
will be likely to earn your vote my
lettuce a Pete peep seems like an okay
dude although I don't know he's got a
lot of weird [ __ ] behind him honestly
[ __ ] life like any angry some [ __ ] I
think you bi would be an interesting
direction to move America to I think
it'd be really interesting to see I
don't know enough about Delaney's
background but Delaney was spitting mad
[ __ ] facts holy [ __ ] oh [ __ ] I think
I watched him go off on like [ __ ]
trade policy god damn that dude seemed
like he knew some [ __ ] but I don't know
enough about his background and honestly
I don't know how I feel about having
like another like multi-millionaire in
the White House seems kind of weird
isn't Bernie a multi-millionaire not not
really the Center for elective lawmaking
scores members of Congress based on how
successful they are at moving legislate
yeah I don't understand it's so weird
because people say you're in telling
well destiny Pelosi hasn't done [ __ ] in
the past two years like what do you mean
the House has passed a ton of what you
second okay well none of that counts cuz
it's dying in the Senate what the [ __ ]
is Pelosi supposed to do with a [ __ ]
Senate walk across the hall and go
[ __ ] fight Mitch McConnell like like
on the like fist fight him like box him
did [ __ ] make him play push
legislation through but then when I
point out hey guess what guess who else
is [ __ ] dog [ __ ] when it comes to
actually getting legislation pushed
through the answer will shock
conservatives and liberals alike well
probably shot conservatives but like
Bernie Sanders his [ __ ] dog [ __ ] when
it comes to pushing legislation through
dad well of course I wouldn't expect
Bernie to be good at pushing legislation
through that's because he's trying to
push more better things like are you
saying you're in favor of the Iraq war
why do you say that you like Bernie
despite seemingly disagreeing with them
on all policy
did you see that snippets for a one-year
record I don't know I don't think that's
true
[ __ ] I looked this up last night like it
says here that the it says that the
ranked scores are using new data but I'm
pretty sure this is like it's using new
data to compile the score but I think it
takes into account like their past
history too but even if it's not I tried
looking back for like different scores a
burny like it through the legislature
he's never been an effective legislator
he just hasn't been okay and then this
is another thing too I like people and I
knew I should have put this in my
original tweet well actually deci Burnie
:
Bernie was the roll call Amendment King
he showed up to class everyday destiny
okay cool good job dude
if you combine what elite early numbers
of war and then Sanders you get the same
number as Biden therefore the data
concludes that the progressive
candidates are just as popular as your
average moderate
nice wait which I can't tell if that was
true or not
wait were you memeing I actually don't
know anymore because Biden shares his
fans with Bernie Bernie and Waring
Bernie and Warren voters are not the
same people at all you like so that's
not true you can't just add Bernie you
can't just add Bernie and Warren photos
together like oh well look it's about as
popular as Biden that's not how that
works the people that vote for Bernie
and Biden are both less educated less
call it less college education lower
income people that vote for those two
people
Warren voters are more likely to be
shared with Kamala Harris voters more
educated more likely to be female higher
income source [ __ ] what did we we
white reread an article and we watch the
video last yesterday that broke the
stone where we watched a video on this -
does anybody have the video on it as
well but sure I mean like you can see
like who who their voters go for it
right like Biden voters don't go to
Bernie right or arms I'm sorry
Biden voters go to Bernie Bernie voters
go to Biden but Bernie voters don't go
to Warren right
Bernie voters are more likely to go to
Biden than they are to worn by a pretty
big chunk and Warren voters are more
likely to go to Harris than they are to
to buy anymore - Biden or Bernie but
between Biden and Bernie they're like
they're pretty much split but they're
most likely to go to Harris this idea
that Bernie and Elizabeth Warren voters
are some big coalition it's just not
true just go on YouTube and check your
video history what if I was watching
like [ __ ] YouTube like girls stuck
bananas yesterday or some crazy porn
[ __ ] I'm not gonna risk that my dude
nice try
destiny is claiming that Bernie and
Warren supporters are not a coalition
but their policies are so similar
compared to Biden whose policies
literally are the literal opposite oh my
god my dude I I feel so bad for you
because one day you're gonna wake up and
you're gonna hop on your computer and
you're gonna be like wait a second do
Americans really not vote on a
comprehensive understanding of policy
but that's okay oh I was gonna say this
before I'm being kind of a dick okay I
admire the starry-eyed optimism that a
lot of you had I had it too I'm 30 years
old I'm I'm older I'm jaded
a little bit more experience under my
belt
everything that you guys are feeling
right now about Bernie Sanders I felt
the same way about Ron Paul okay
now you might not know this story it's a
little told story of American political
history but there were me and a whole
bunch of other people that were that
were dewy-eyed political virgins online
that were ready for Ron Paul to take up
to win the nomination he was gonna crush
all the states he had unprecedented
grassroots movement okay
online young people loved him people
were talking about him everywhere
constitutional cared about economics was
super smart had all the right policies
all of these people we were ready for
Ron Paul to morning you know what I have
a caucus started the New Hampshire
caucus started he lost a little bit but
we were waiting for those fewer states I
think he won the or he did okay like I
think in Texas or his home state or some
[ __ ] and then he did okay and like one
of the same Ron Paul was winning every
online straw poll and somehow losing
every single caucus or primer I don't
know how but but it's okay I know were
you guys I know what you guys are
feeling did this dumbass [ __ ]
just compare Ron Paul's movement to
Bernie's Bernie did amazing in 2016 and
he would have beat Trump the numbers
show it it doesn't matter what you feel
about it no they don't I want to cry I
don't like Biden you have no idea how
Bernie would have performed in the
general because you hadn't even seen
Republicans open up on Bernie actually
at that point
Republicans were supporting Bernie
Sanders and he still lost to Hillary
Clinton anybody remember that
anybody remember your history Donald
Trump came out multiple times and
admonished the DNC for their treatment
of Bernie Sanders said that Bernie was
being cheated out of his primary and it
almost got to a point where where it
almost got to a point where Bernie was
going to have a debate with Trump even
though he wasn't the nominee could you
explain with the hypothetical benefits
are of banning private health care I
have no idea I didn't know Bernie's plan
was that extreme that was ignorance on
my part that's why I supported his
health care plan initially I didn't
realize that his Medicare for all thing
was like literally the [ __ ] fifth
Reich of health care I had no idea that
was my mistake
I actually I actually should probably go
back and reevaluate some of the
candidates because like because Bernie
has so many
policies now maybe I shouldn't say that
I superb Bernie Bernie and Warren I'm
not actually sure if I would because
bernie is disastrous on [ __ ] trade
and and the Medicare for all thing is
like a really really really stupid plant
too so I'm not entirely sure I don't
know I would have to I mean I maybe I
should go back and evaluate it Bernie's
plan doesn't ban private health care
Bernie's plan makes private health care
illegal we can even go back and we can
read the [ __ ] UM and we can read the
text I feel like if Biden wins then
there's really no reason for me to care
about politics because the elections are
controlled by old people and there's no
way to affect it to elect people who
care about the country Pepa hands don't
worry dude Ron Paul Ayers felt the same
way am i dude you'll get older it's okay
shall we start Britain should we start
dragging on progressives ignoring
political viability do you think MFA is
a bad idea
Bernie's I I think Bernie's is I just
don't know why you have to ban private
insurance I don't understand that what's
the argument in favor of it besides like
ideology and capitalism is bad to make
rich people invested in the overall
health care quality of the country okay
I can kind of see that much the same
like I don't know if I'm in favor of
private schools because it
disincentivizes the need to kind of like
clean up public schools maybe I don't
know if that's a strong enough option
though to do such a politically
ineffective solution
doctoral slash hospitals will stop
accepting Medicare since their rates
will inevitably lower I'm pretty sure
that any type of public option plan
would have it be mandated I could be
wrong but it'd do European hospitals
generally say sorry you're using our
public option we're not gonna accept you
here like in the United Kingdom other
hospitals that don't accept people that
come with like NHS insurance or whatever
is that does that happen I think Canada
a single-payer I'm pretty sure in Canada
you have private health insurance as
well because it's a for-profit model
that exists to make money not for the
betterment of human health please get
these boring [ __ ] lefty arguments out
of here
okay I'll drag on progresses but I don't
want to have to talk about econ 101 for
12 [ __ ] hours okay please don't do
this to me
please don't [ __ ] make me do this
hold
[ __ ] destiny they have private
supplemental insurance like Bernie's
bill no Bernese bill does not allow for
the type of supplemental insurance
spreading this rumor okay Bernie's bill
allows you to get supplemental insurance
for cosmetic surgery it explicitly
states in Bernie's bill that it will be
illegal to provide insurance for
anything that Medicare for all covers
which is being expanded under his plan
to cover dental and vision that means no
private health insurance for most things
like say for like plastic surgery no it
[ __ ] does not source link the bill
does anybody have a link to the bill we
can go read it because someone can
somebody goes [ __ ] like me the bell
we just we read it two days ago when you
don't read it again but does anybody
remember which line it was section 107
is what it was section 107 prohibiting
against duplicate coverage bidding it
beginning on the effective date
describing section 106 a it shall be
unlawful for a private health insurer
sell health insurance coverage that
duplicates the benefits provided under
this act or for an employer to provide
benefits for an employee former employee
or the dependents of an employee or
former employee that duplicates the
benefits provided under this act that
means no insurance covering whatever
Medicare for all covers do you
understand get the [ __ ] out of my chat
you big [ __ ] [ __ ] progressive don't
[ __ ] party with us on about your
delusional [ __ ] [ __ ] you don't
understand what the American people want
and you don't even understand the
[ __ ] policy of the guy that your
circle jerking the [ __ ] is wrong with
you why the [ __ ] are you in here but I
love you dude I notice here it's here
once every so keep smashing that sub one
why would you need a private option when
you have a public option because America
is the capitalist country it's the land
of the free generally the idea is is
that we should have a baseline medical
coverage for every citizen in America to
make sure that you're not [ __ ] dying
of cancer or diabetes or some [ __ ] if
you've got a problem okay
that's like generally what it would it
what it works for I'm sorry that's
generally how we want it to work but if
you have more money and you either want
to get ahead in line or whatever or if
you want to do some [ __ ] like that then
[ __ ] you should have the right to do
it as long as it doesn't compromise or
earlier care the difference being is
that like in Sweden if you want to go to
the [ __ ] hospital resumption
sometimes you got to [ __ ] wait in
America you can go in the same [ __ ]
day or you can make an appointment like
pretty soon depending on what the
procedures for and you can get in and
out pretty [ __ ] quick like you're
describing single-payer now with
supplemental coverage not a public
option what I could be I could be
describing either one you can have your
own private insurance that doesn't have
anything to do with Medicare or whatever
or you could have Medicare for all and
then gets insurance on top of that it
could be either one I don't care
both are fine banning private insurance
though it's probably not going to be the
way forward politically instead of
interacting with [ __ ] skin' destiny
please confirm he understands how risk
pools work I don't know dude maybe I
don't maybe you have a better
understanding of me my understanding of
what a risk pool is is that you have
some people that are super high risk
that are gonna have to consume a lot of
health care and you have other people
that are very low risk that have low
consumption for health care the more low
risk people you add into a risk pool the
lower the premiums are that the high
risk people have to pay because the low
base people effectively subsidize their
care that's my understanding of it I
don't see how anything I've said
contradicts anything having to do with
risk pools though so go ahead and tell
me where I'm [ __ ] wrong my dude the
electorate doesn't understand what
Medicare for all is in general according
to polling I understand that because
health care is complicated as [ __ ] and
to be honest until a week ago I didn't
even really have a good understanding of
the I'm pretty sure if you go back and
you listen to me talk when you see my
tweets I probably interchangeably use
single-payer public option and universal
healthcare
but these aren't this none of these are
the same thing right single-payer and
public options are both forms of
universal health care universal health
care just means everybody cover
everybody gets coverage a public option
means that there's always like a public
entity that somebody can like
into and single-payer means that there
only exists one inch primary insurer in
the country that everybody is more or
less forced to buy into it would may be
supplemental insurance or not but there
is like actually like single-payer
creates the biggest risk pool who cares
doesn't it doesn't necessarily matter
how big your risk pool if it's a [ __ ]
subsidized by the [ __ ] government who
are generally wrote low risk people like
me that Obamacare made by into a morning
consultant poll that showed people
actually cared about their doctors and
hospitals not their private insurance
plz don't go apeshit on me if I said
something stupid I'm just kidding okay I
won't say anything can you stop using
the leak line in the background as an
ominous threat okay if you want to fight
with me and you're a progressive join
the sub only room on my desk right now
I'll go through subs first okay [ __ ] it
what do you want slug Christ wait hold
on somebody donated 10 paragraphs one
second would you agree that a universal
healthcare system not mfa would be
overall better than the shitty system we
have now seems like rainbows has their
shape together I don't know if I don't
know if universal health care I don't
know if that means anything like
universal health care I think just means
that you have some system where
everybody gets covered but that could be
a private option that or I'm sorry that
could be a public option or that could
just be that could be single-payer like
universal health care I think means like
a ton of different things like it does
it doesn't necessarily imply a singular
plan ok go what's up ok so I think the
main thing with the single-payer versus
public option is when it's a public
option its pressures are you ended up
like your parents in that you give up on
new ideas or become incapable of
accepting new ideas in general has this
campaign of apathy not been heading
there no but nice try but I felt like I
wasn't making actual arguments and I
just was scared of
new [ __ ] that's fine but I think the
people on the other side of the aisle
have way more to worry about than I do
when it comes to that okay ghost like
okay so with the public option i think
the main argument for it is it would be
pressured by having on average
lower-income people on the public option
so like what people have been saying
about risk fools but kind of not as
vague about it yeah but it's gonna be
subsidized by the government so who
cares well the government will have to
pay for it somewhere and whenever they
start or it's attacked by people
bringing up the fact that oh now it's
cost more than the average private
insurance for the government
it'll just be arguments in place to try
and reduce sure so why that governor I
don't think from a from an empirical
point I don't think that'll happen
because America already spends in the
most on health care I have a hard time
believing that any public option that we
put forth is gonna cost more than what
we're spending now in health care
because we like run away with costs for
health care compared to any other OECD
country so that's the first thing the
second thing is we're gonna have to pay
for it no matter what whatever
government program we expand or start
with Medicare or any other option it's
gonna have to be paid for that's not
gonna be unique to any plan well I think
you're ignoring the fact that the
private insurance that already has or
has these more high-risk individuals on
it would pretty much be subsidized by
the government taking those high-risk
individuals and lowering the risk on the
pools in the private insurance if that
makes sense so you're saying that oh
this is interesting
okay so you're saying that let's say
that I have a private health pool and I
have some some people in there are
paying higher premiums because they're a
higher risk right yeah and then you're
saying that those people will all jump
ship from the private options and
they'll head over to the public option
which gets bring down the cost of the
private options to a dramatic extent
which would make them get more
competitive with the with the government
option right yeah I believe that's a
main argument between the two I've heard
have you heard how people address it I
would have to think about that for a
while that's it that's a pretty good
challenge
what do you mean dress it like what is
the argument again what is the argument
otherside against that happening um
first single-payer or oh do you just
mean against that argument yeah
and I don't think I've seen that or I
wouldn't remember it anyway but that's
pretty much all I wanted to bring up
just that point sure I don't know if
that would be a good enough argument
against it like I don't think that the
average person even if you took all of
the people from those from those risk
pools and started pulling them into
Medicare for all I would hope that like
the simplicity of that system might but
right because a big thing that people
talk about with Medicare fraud reducing
overhead - right yeah for sure that that
the reduction in overhead would
compensate for for the increase in risk
pool that versus like having like
private health insurers having to run
through all that paperwork and [ __ ]
but yeah definitely
it a lot of it I think needs more just
empirical data to kind of determine
which isn't better than the other but
mm-hmm currently I just think that's a
pretty decent argument to say why
single-payer would ya likely the only
thing but even if it's not politically
effective it yeah the interesting thing
at the end of the day would be to see if
there I'm sure there's some quantitative
way to analyze like relative levels of
risk between different pools of insured
people it would be interesting to see if
a public option significantly increased
the risk of the overall American health
pool the only reason why I would wonder
that is because um is because there are
so many people that would come under
that public option I don't know if a few
high-risk individuals moving over from
private insurers would actually move the
needle in a significant way in terms of
like cost per person unlike an overall
health care pool for the United States
yeah for sure because I know like
because what I'm talking about i think
is pretty standard practice for most
european countries that they have some
public option or even a private option
but most of them can it can by
supplemental insurance on top of that on
top of it I think so yeah
so like I think in Sweden it's [ __ ] I
don't remember the name of the vorks I
don't know [ __ ] remember the name of
their health care shed but do you you
can you can buy insurance on top of
whatever whatever like public option or
even single-payer whatever is already
there you can buy supplemental insurance
that covers on top of it what would it
what is it on top of it imply because
you would imagine that public option
would already cover my guess is gonna be
it gives you access to different
hospitals or something I'm not
sure I'm not 100% what does anybody in
Sweden know what does buying that
insurance on top in Australia you buy
private health insurance and choose what
to use in which situation maybe with
queue times
yeah the public option would be filled
with low-risk people destiny yeah so
like my the interesting thing with the
public option is I I don't actually know
if the risk pool would go up or down so
like I'll use my I guess I don't know
this is a fair but like I can use myself
as an example like there's a lot of
young people in or actually if you have
data you can link me there's a lot of
young people that don't have health
insurance like I really know I want to
know what the percentages of it wouldn't
surprise me if as you get older that
likelihood of you owning health
insurance increases so like if a pot if
a public option became available and if
you have no insurance you're forced into
the public option kind of like what the
ACA mandate did it basically gets people
like me paying into healthcare cuz I
don't have [ __ ] health insurance and
I didn't have it before but when the ACA
was there I I did have health insurance
because I had to pay a penalty otherwise
so I got a [ __ ] so a lot of people
like me are brought in via a public
option that probably increases cuz I'm I
would be like very low in the risk pool
for healthcare related stuff and if
people like me were brought in for a
public option I don't I wonder if people
like me would outweigh high risk
individuals coming from private risk
pools to join the public option you know
so you're pretty much the same like
instead of the mandate or whatever it's
called you would just be put on the
public option instead yeah I would
imagine for a public option to work
you'd probably have to make it necessary
that people are in it if they have
nothing right that'd be my guess
so I think if you're gonna go for a
public option at the very beginning you
would have to be sure like I guess
pretty much advertise it and try and get
people to switch from their private
insurance towards it instead of just
allowing like the people at the bottom
of the rings' to go to it but yeah
that's pretty much all I wanted to ask
and bring up okay all right have fun
buddy be careful yep thank you see you
uninsured rate by single year of age oh
yeah so like something like this so
something like this makes me think that
um something like this makes me think
that having a public option would
dramatically reduce
the risk pool of like all of the insured
people that would be my guess
right because you have all of these
people aged 20 to 35 these are probably
like your lowest risk people that don't
have health care that would be forced to
be brought in under like a public option
system nobody might guess I know man
dude I got a maybe I when I tweet maybe
I need to like tweet like seven
different qualifiers at the end or maybe
I just need to understand that maybe
like I guess like I don't wanna say like
progressives maybe are a little bit more
sensitive than other people because to
be fair when I debated all writers those
people were [ __ ] sensitive as hell to
one stream I don't necessarily like
delaney I don't want I don't think I
want a moderate president I think I want
someone quite far to the left like a
Bernie or a Warren I think for the
president he's good blah blah blah on
Twitter Delaney made a ton of amazingly
effective challenges to progressive
platforms tonight revoking private
insurance I slash his foreign policy
expect to see progress on twitter'
incredibly a spate about him for the
next hairdo
just because I say somebody made a ton
of effective challenges doesn't mean I
hate all of the progressive platforms
but I guess it reads like that because I
said that progresses are gonna be a span
on Twitter but destiny I think you
should talk to David Pakman about health
care and trade I think we could probably
mostly agree with you okay who's next in
the room what do you want fantastic yeah
you should be nervous yeah I'm used to
[ __ ] posting about serialism I'm sorry
oh yeah so so yeah I'm like okay okay
I'm just like anything I'm gonna start
I'm gonna start off by saying like I
don't generally have any particular
problems with a public option I think
that the main benefit that single pair
has is largely that overall it's
probably more efficient cheaper because
you've got a single system a single
payer and the marginal cost goes down
like with each person that you're
insuring but that's like kind of the
private companies problem I'm not sure
exactly how costly that would be I'm not
to burst in that I think the mean as far
as a justice approach goes I want to
clear up a misconception about see what
their health care which is that though
for generally speaking see there refers
not to the fact that you ban private
health care but the private health care
doesn't really exist because everyone in
the country is automatically insured so
yeah that was like the strongest thing I
think biden was the one that said that
or - no I think Pete was the one
the idea is that you offer a public
option that's so good that most people
end up migrating to that anyway and
private insurance becomes pretty much
unsustainable oh yeah but like the the
that would be kind of a gateway that a
public option would afford you uh-huh
but the main benefit that single-pair
has is is that yeah so the public option
you would have people migrating over
naturally and hopefully because
ultimately private companies are gonna
be finding ways to like not make payouts
not to uh not to actually cover their
customers which is that's to me before
the ACA they pretty much already took
that right ya know that's that's what
they have been doing and that's what
they will continue to try to do yeah
and I think the mean from a justice
standpoint the main argument for
single-payer over a public option is
that there are people who are going to
opt for their private insurance policies
that are covered by their workplace
instead of the public option and if
those people have pre-existing
conditions and they run into situations
where they need to pay out and their
company doesn't provide one they might
wind up being [ __ ] so I'm gonna appeal
a little bit I'm gonna pull my little
capitalism efficient-market hypothesis
[ __ ] out here what my my gut take is
that that's not going to happen that if
a few story my gut take would be that if
there was a good public option that was
actually available I think that those
private plans would become a hell of a
lot more competitive because it only
takes a couple stories like that to come
out or people are like holy [ __ ] I'm
sorry but where people are like [ __ ]
this [ __ ] I'm [ __ ] I'm just gonna
switch over the public option like if
you're gonna really play this dumb [ __ ]
we're like not insuring people and it
costs me nothing to move over to like a
like a public option I'm just gonna
[ __ ] switch why the [ __ ] would I sit
here on your [ __ ] US private plan
and then end up not getting covered i I
feel like that would be the more likely
thing to happen um I I think that is
entirely possible entirely plausible I
think that the the problem there is and
this is actually kind of where we're
gonna largely agree on things where a
public option is ultimately going to
lead to probably the death of private
insurance good either way
Amen brother if I saw that yeah yeah
burn in chat please um but like
essentially if they start covering and
paying out there to their high-risk
patients they're gonna stop making money
in there
choosing other areas probably will
further towards supplemental insurance
and people are gonna buy into the public
option plan at which point it will
probably evolve into a single-payer plan
sure that's time and that that path
sounds fine to me much the same way that
if you were to come in here and say I
want to make the country socialist I
tell you to get the [ __ ] out but if you
were to come in here and say here's a
whole bunch reforms that make us more or
less a social democracy like Sweden and
maybe at that point at some point people
are actually like hey well I don't
really want capitalists in this country
anymore maybe everything should be polar
yeah that's the path you want to take
that's fine I think that's totally okay
yeah but like so the the main the main
thing that I also wanted to not like I
generally speaking I'm ok with public
option but I also think there's some
unfair critiques of Bernie's plan um I
don't think that banning private
insurance is generally a good name but
generally speaking single-payer
countries most of them do you have like
there's a bit also just like a
distinction between single-payer
insurance and single-payer actual health
care for example the NHS is entirely
nationalized healthcare while say Canada
or Belgium are just single-payer
insurance countries where if you live in
the country you are on the Belgian
mutuality and you are able to have
supplemental insurance and what
supplemental insurance means is
different country by country so for
example in in Belgium I'm pretty sure
that dynamics which is the mutuality
covers things like dental things like I
don't know I think we have a copay for
prescriptions and we get reimbursed for
those a little bit yeah and there are
different sort of ideas a different sort
of ideas of what the single-payer system
covers all that it really means is that
there is a national health insurance
system or a national healthcare system
and everybody by virtue of being either
a citizen or just a resident of the
country is automatically enrolled in
that system yeah whether that means that
there are private insurance systems kind
of depends on what single-payer covers
itself for sure and I think it's more or
less the same I think that's more or
less the Nordic model of health care as
well I'm pretty sure that's that's more
or less the same right and then
everybody in Sweden automatically
enrolled in their health care should but
if you want to be more is whatever you
have the option to do so for sure I mean
but mainly that's to say
like banning private insurance is kind
of draconian but as far as saying that
like Medicare for all I'm putting the
entire country on single-payer that's
not actually that radical compared to
you plants it's not like super almost
okay like when I say that it's when I
say that it's radical compared to EU
plans what I mean is that it's a bit
more extreme compared to e u plans which
makes it insanely radical compared to
where we're at right now in the United
States right it is come on
that's it's more than even a European
public option plan is like extremely
radical compared what we have any way
even the the ACA was even fairly radical
compared to what we had that was it's
rat sorry I mean I didn't yeah it is
radical compared to the American plan
it's not radical compared to a lot of EU
plans because a lot of new plans do have
systems where effectively private
insurance companies only cover cosmetic
surgery where you have a national
insurance system that covers dental
covers optical covers prescribe I don't
think it's like that in an don't think
it's like that like in Sweden I think
you can have duplicate insurance it's
not what maybe not in Sweden um but like
I don't like free the United Kingdom for
the NHS can you have insurance that
cover is also like what your NHS should
cover or do they literally ban it you
can only get insurance for like cosmetic
stuff um you can only get in I'm pretty
sure because the things with NHS yeah
people are saying you can entire health
care systems national when you say that
you may like all the hospitals are
public as well right yeah all the
hospitals are public essentially sure
but you can still buy another private
insurance plan on top of your what no
wait there are private hospitals in the
in the UK as well right there are I
think so I'm yeah there are there are in
the UK yeah yeah I want I won't comment
on the NHS large like as far as how
private health care and how private
health insurance
factors into that my best ones actually
doctor in the NHS so I might ask him I'm
seeing a penny yeah actually I was
wondering if I could ask you a question
about a different topic a difference
would I take yeah go for it oh no no
wait what was it just defending Twitter
destiny that's a challenge sometimes so
I go ahead he's Mike he's a good friend
of mine so
whatever he said I'll give you a good
interpretation of it what oh sorry your
friend's Twitter take ya Twitter destiny
what do you got you mentioning wait call
it ooh we're talking about free college
Oh the road race to the college thing
Yin yes so the roads wish to college me
I think that's that that's an apt
analogy but it leads us to kind of a
deeper question uh-huh which brings us
to the I'm trying to just quickly bring
in like what exactly my reaction to that
was right here we're talking about like
a very big change in sort of the elastic
the elasticity of demand for for public
college by wealthy people and there's a
difference between your substitutes of
consumption in terms of like public
versus private college and then also how
much income you have that's also going
to change the level of us elasticity you
have so when we're talking about how
when we're talking about how how likely
you are as a poor person to get your kid
into college where amber I'm coming at
this from kind of a consequentialist
perspective well the bottom-line
question is as a poor person am I being
put in a position where I can send my
kid to college and it sounds like your
argument is that if we make College free
for everybody then wealthy parents are
going to send their kids to public
colleges for free and that's gonna take
up slots that poor that poor or
working-class Americans can't send their
kids to is that correct yeah so the the
other frame that I wanted to come at
this from and I and this was a this was
a I'm kind of parroting Michael Brooks
take on this and I think he put it very
very well which is that the appeal of
free college is that um
kind of evidence by things like voter ID
things like the ability to get driver's
license and the administrative processes
that poor people have to go through that
they don't necessarily have time for
income certification and qualifying and
doing the work to qualify for things
like free college are arguably and I
think there's a really good argument to
be made that those are administrative
barriers to access that a lot of poor
families are not gonna opt
for and they're just gonna say listen
you graduated high school just get a job
and support the family yeah so you're
going with me
no no so so wait that sounds like that
sounds like the exact argument that I'm
making no so what I'm what I'm saying is
that a across the board free college
plan what Brooks is saying is that and
across the board free college plan no
paperwork no [ __ ] is basically
saying okay that's gonna mean that um
the the no paperwork no administrative
stuff no qualification process what
that's gonna do is it's gonna take the
paperwork and you and the admin out of
the way for the poor families and
they're just going to be able to if they
want to send a kid to college a kid got
into college they're just going to be
able to send their kid but they don't
have to worry about certifying their
income filling out a FAFSA form these
are things that they don't have to worry
about they automatically qualify if your
kid gets into college to go to college
and so that's the argument yeah okay so
yeah so I understand this journal
argument so I'm gonna use an extreme
example here
let's say that I subsidized the opening
of like a like a Charles Schwab account
and I made it so that anybody could like
the cost for opening this type of
account would be free or whatever I
don't know if Charles Schwab charges
Commission's to open their cans but
let's assume they do if I were to make
that type of thing subsidized by the
public do you think that all of a sudden
poor people would be jumping on board to
like open charged Wahb investment
accounts or do you think that like do
you think that this would be like this
type of subsidy would mainly be utilized
by wealthy people because that's kind of
what I'm getting at with the college
thing is that there are barriers to
entry for college that aren't
necessarily just the administrative
costs for going to school that if we
were to make College free 100% free for
everybody in the United States that if
we if we could okay holy [ __ ] I wish I
would have taken a formal econ class I
don't want to draw this what we're gonna
imagine some graphs in our head okay are
you ready if I were to take like a
person who's from a middle-class family
okay and I were to draw like a demand
curve based on the price of college for
this person that as the as the price for
that college approaches zero the demand
for the consumption of that good is
going to dramatically increase because
for like a middle-class decently wealthy
person pretty much the only barrier that
they'll have to
that I can think of is probably going to
be the actual cost to go do you think
that's fair um yes but I would I would
say that I think that as far as uh as
far as your elasticity changes the
elasticity of call specifically speaking
that you ask to see a public college
demand I think that changes heavily the
lower the income bracket goes well we're
not there we're not there not there I'm
only a middle class people right now you
agree with me that if you have like a
middle class a decently wealthy person
that as the cost for that education
approaches zero the demand for the
consumption of that is going to
dramatically increase right the closer
gets to zero the middle class person
that financially that's made their main
barrier to go in college is probably
like taking on the dead and everything
but more or less that like I would I
would say the your chats being today
don't worry about it don't worry but I
don't recheck just listen to me okay
yeah I'm so so that the quantity
demanded is I would say actually no you
know what I'm gonna I'm gonna rephrase
yours I'm gonna change your statement a
little bit okay I'm gonna say that the
the quantity demanded for college
generally the propensity to purchase a
college education no specifically -
sorry I'm going to rephrase the
propensity to purchase a public college
education as opposed to a private
college education that is going to
increase dramatically so middle class
people are probably gonna opt in a lot
to free college over sending their kids
to private college for sure I don't know
how many decently okay wait educated
middle class people are going to ought
not to send their kids to college if
they can't afford it they'll probably
take back-breaking loans and I think
generally that's a good argument for
saying that their college should be free
as well okay that all of that gets way
too into more stuff that I don't care
about all I'm saying yet because I don't
even think there's a meaningful
distinction between like private or
public college right now so I don't even
care to like address those differences
okay what I'm saying is that if you have
a middle class person and college cost 1
million dollars okay and then college
could cost zero dollars that if we were
to trace
there so the quantity demanded or
whatever I guess if we were to trace the
demand to go to college or or their
consumption of that good I guess
the demand so many time to e-commerce I
used to me
okay sure okay so then the demands that
saw them the demand for that at 1
million dollars is gonna be almost zero
right but the demand for that at zero
dollars is gonna be almost one that like
a per a middle-class person if they have
the means to send their kid to school
which most should that if it costs zero
then then almost everybody will probably
do it if it costs infinity then
everybody probably won't right sure
okay yes so right so what I'm saying is
that if you take a very poor person okay
and we put we graph their their demand
on the same line okay then if we make
college infinitely expensive and we
bring it to zero dollars that eventually
there's going to be some level where the
quantity demanded even at zero dollars
is still not going to reach 100% because
poor people have other barriers to entry
before them that keep them from going to
college rather than just the cost of
education that that might be a kid that
needs to stay home and work to help
their family that might be a kid that
got somebody pregnant in high school and
can't afford to not work through college
so has to work a job that might be
somebody that lives in an area where
they can't relocate to go to college or
something because they have they're
helping family deal with things or
babysitting or whatever it right that
there's gonna be more barriers in front
of poor people that are going to prevent
them from consuming college even if it
was given away as a no-cost good rather
than a middle class person that could do
it do you generally agree without
anything that's that I'm off the mark
there no I think that that is a good
that is a correct statement I'm gonna
say a couple things though uh-huh the
middle class person sending their kids
to college I think that their elasticity
of demand is pretty heavily tethered to
their actual ability to pay I think it's
a fair statement to say that most middle
class like probably college educated
people make a fairly decent amount of
money they're going to want to send
their kids to college if it doesn't
absolutely yeah well so I agree with
that right now but if you made it free
you would run into another barrier I
think if you I think from middle class
people if you made college free the
consumption of that would probably
almost all
much like what like if they want to go
to college they'll go but I think if you
made it free I think there are a lot of
poor people that even though they want
to go no and it's free they still
wouldn't have the opportunity to do so I
think that is a valid critique of free
college but this is where I'm actually
gonna go a little to the left and say
maybe that's not radical enough what a
Clemson is like we're in Norway style
stipend in which we're subsidizing
people to go to college in order to take
that financial burden off I think that
actually is an argument that pushes us a
little further to the left because I
want those middle-class families to be
send their kids to college because those
middle-class families like um these
aren't these probably aren't people who
are making ridiculous amounts of money
you know if you're not able to send your
kids to college I don't consider that to
be making ends meet
so sure I don't think I necessarily
disagree with that but if you find out
whatever equivalent wages that person
could earn working and you pay them that
stipend to attend college and then as
long as they maintain their grades
they're paid out that much I think that
would be a fair addressing of that sure
yeah and but I guess my argument is that
um that is a process of removing
barriers to entry uh-huh that I think
that making no-questions-asked free
college as a policy generally does
without all without any like
particularly substantial and negative
consequences oh yeah that it's possible
that that would I guess my only problem
is and I don't think I'm against free
college I'll also by the way well I
don't know they're a couple weird things
my problem is that like if we
incrementally move toward single-payer I
think that I think that right now I
think that moving towards a public
option is superior than what we have for
single-payer and that moving in that
direction would be good even even the
process to getting there it's kind of
like evolution like every little step
along the way hopefully benefits you
more however doing like massive loan
forgiveness right now I would have to
man maybe I should spend more time dig
into numbers but the ones that I looked
at so far it kind of seems like we're
paying a huge subsidy for rich people
it's just seems it feels wrong like all
of these people that now have their
degrees whose earnings are significantly
boosted over high school owners and
whatnot all of these people are now
gonna have all of their education and
everything subsidized I was like well
hold on these are like our highest
earners in chat why are we subsidizing
all of their loans like if you went to
med school and you're
dr. now you know clearing like a quarter
mil a year is some [ __ ] you're a surgeon
or some [ __ ] even more why am I paying
for you why why are we subsidizing the
cost of education like you made a
significant investment your education
but it paid off and now you're reaping
the rewards of that I don't know if like
that quintile like those top two
quintiles of earners need to have their
student loans or or the class word you
can for the children subsidized it just
feels so strange to me so this is this
is where I'm gonna double down harder on
the administrative argument sure that in
order to qualify for college loan
forgiveness I've had to jump through six
and a half to try and get my loans
refinance and ultimately figuring out
that most of the people who wanted to
refinance my loans if not all of them or
just kind of people looking to make an
extra six hundred bucks in flat fees and
not actually reducing like that at all
and the reason I the reason I looked
into those sorry anecdotal but no reason
I looked into those options was that I
feel genuinely like the the debt that I
am dealing with because I chose because
there's a [ __ ] stupid-ass 17 year old
I decided to get a mad expensive private
school music composition education that
I I now feel a little bit crushed by a
relatively small amount of debt compared
to a lot of my the people I know but
it's a lot of debt um so basically like
the the alright so so the thing is that
I can I ask a question because I'm man
I'm curious about this okay so let me
state these two positions first firstly
good job on your education I went to
school for music okay and I love music
secondly the idea that you should only
go to college to get a high paying job
is [ __ ] okay I think the oh you know
I'm just I'm stating that right now
because people are gonna attack me for
not believing it okay I think that going
to school just for the acquisition of
credentials to get a better job is
[ __ ] I think there's a ton of value
in the humanities and the arts so much
more than the average stem [ __ ] gives
credit to okay however what would there
ever be a fear that we would see a
massive consumption of these types of
degrees of all college were free could
that start to lead to some pretty bad
outcomes if we saw for instance like a
huge shift
people going to school for things like
arts degrees and whatnot that couldn't
get jobs or anything with it or couldn't
make any kind of career whatever if we
if we were to start to see that happen
because the consumption of that good is
free would that happen um maybe I don't
know
that's that I'd have to think a lot
about that and probably that would be a
good question to ask people who know
more about this and I do
um the once one like one empirical thing
I'm aware of have you seen anything
about the United Kingdom like the
country well so [ __ ] we should actually
read through this whole thing on stream
because it's insanely interesting but
the the analysis that this study had
given was that apparently in the United
Kingdom their education used to be
completely free but then they started to
but now it's not anymore the United
Kingdon they instituted those those
those price escapes or whatever I don't
know if that's a real word price gap but
when I started to charge for college
like all every single thing related to
college in the UK started to increase
that like inequality started to fall
that the consumption of the of these
colleges was much better that the tech
like everything related to it started to
get better when you actually started to
put like premiums on going to college oh
[ __ ] yeah I don't know we should read
into this in in details like yeah when
they when they up the when they up their
tuition did 9k uh-huh I was by the way
chat I was kidding I grew up in Europe I
know what the [ __ ] United Kingdom is
um the the yeah I know that I haven't
really looked into the effects of that
um highly anecdotal like all of my
friends really pissed off about it
because my all of my all of my high
school friends went to UK schools and
the tuition increase happened halfway
through our education um and everyone
was like I'm gonna have to pay 9k per
year and I was like huh you have to pay
9k per year look at my tuition and then
relative privation of stuff but um but
ya know I I don't I don't know much
about that specifically but to address
the generally to address the the thing
about debt cancellation uh-huh the thing
about debt cancellation is that it's
easier to cancel poor people's debt if
you just cancel all day
instead of creating a qualification
barrier and the difference between this
and say Medicare for all is that
Medicare for all will be paid for by a
middle class tax while specifically debt
cancellation at least the way every
progressive politician is putting in
huntly they're telling the truth that
debt cancellation would be paid for by
wall street taxes wealth taxes estate
taxes basically all the people whose
kids are getting their debt cancelled
they are paying for it they are footing
the bill for their kids and for everyone
else's kids as well and so ultimately
what you're getting is a system in which
the wealthy are footing the bill and the
fact that we're cancelling the rich kids
debt that's just reducing the burden on
the rich a little bit I would have to
see how those taxes pay out I need to
read more on the financial transaction
tax ideas because the little bit that
I've read on it so far
makes it seem like a disastrous ability
[ __ ] horrible idea Bernie's a tax on
speculation that it would dramatically
decrease the amount of like derivative
trades that go on which would
dramatically decrease the amount of
revenue that these taxes would actually
raise and that would also have possibly
a negative impact on some sectors of the
US economy that would be offshore to
other banks so for instance like I think
Sweden tried to implement a financial
transaction tax and it caused like a 98
percent decrease in volume and certain
types of trades and all of it just moved
to the London Stock Exchange so I would
have to look more into like funding it
through those means but yeah I mean yeah
I generally I'm also generally fairly
intuitive on things like corporate taxes
and Wall Street taxes because I don't
like to regulate I don't like to I don't
like to get interfering in like basic
market activity I think that Wall Street
we should generally treat with like
things like regulation things that we
can actually use to properly rein in
like it problematic Wall Street
behaviors and then like things like
speculation taxes really rubbed me the
wrong way even as a capital aspect of
the skeptic or whatever um I think that
that's that's not necessarily a good
thing for our economy but I don't know
enough to actually have like a proper
opinion I it just kind of bothers me to
me I think the better I think the best
the most sensible way to pay for this
sort of stuff is with things like wealth
tax and estate tax sure I don't know how
much an estate tax would actually raise
I don't know how I feel about a wealth
text maybe what um was I gonna ask is it
is it actually true that passing
something like I don't know how you
would test this is it actually true that
like passing something that you
universally forgives debt that that
would be easier than passing something
that just forgives like dead of poor
people like is that actually true
um I figure what it would be is
essentially that the that the government
would because because most of I presume
most college graduates already have a
FAFSA 5 and we already have things like
+ not PLUS loans but the unsubsidized
student loans that we've taken out or
whatever Pell grants that we've received
any student who has taken out any kind
of loan probably has like a Fed loan
file I would assume and every single
student does who has taken out a loan
has a Fed loan file and so what they
would do is they will probably go
through those bureaucracies and they
would just go essentially the the the
government would pay out of its own
budget you pay fed loan presumably like
directly and then we wouldn't even have
to worry about the administrative factor
of like finding out who has loans and
figuring out like getting in contact
with people I'm pretty sure there's like
probably a pretty centralized directory
of like who has outstanding loans and
just paying off those loans sure oh yeah
I don't know I'll think about America ok
I love you buddy I appreciate
conversation thank you can I can I just
do a cell phone [ __ ] do it dude plug
away all right hey hey do you like Super
Mario 64 speedruns if so wait do you
like someone who doesn't [ __ ] Lee if so
follow Shan tastic 93 on Twitch I
streamed semi-regularly and I do over
one runs per stream so I checking out
all right thanks buddy Frank's been
quite a lot of people use private health
care here in Finland most because it is
higher quality and a lot faster mostly
for small things though if you can
afford exclusively private for your
family your very safely
upper-middle-class employers often send
their workers to private uh sort of
public gates of the speed as a benefit
oh no no sorry hold on I'm gonna back up
because anything could happen okay
anything could happen okay
anything could happen now it's still
possible I could have been wrong about
everything I said because it might be me
that's out of touch okay it is possible
that everything I said was incorrect
okay
however Delaney posts best online
fundraising they have campaign after
primary debate well hold on
what was his what was his fundraising
before because this might not be that
significant of it increase cuz it might
be that he was fundraising like total
[ __ ] before and then like maybe he
raised like 20k instead of like the
normal like 1k or something right
farmer up John Delaney and presidential
campaign at his best online fundraising
Dave 2020 cycle after Tuesday's
retirement and the campaign announced on
Wednesday it saw a 20-fold increase and
donor rate during the 24 hour period
spanning the debate and that Delaney got
a 10 percent boost and his number of
personal Twitter followers winning
debates on Twitter buoys huh I'm really
curious where his poll numbers are gonna
go afterwards we'll see Delaney was
literally our neoliberal favorite
candidate you're being in a rowboat
maybe I don't think Delaney can make it
though and I'm only saying this I'm only
saying this based on based on his stage
presence for people that look and sound
like they could be presidents to me
that's restricted to Bernie Sanders 100%
I think Elizabeth Warren could I
actually think Kamala Harris could Cory
Booker absolutely and Pete Buddha judge
I think those are the five that I look
at them and I listen to them Pete Pete I
listen to him speak and I'm like oh and
Biden by Biden could if you would have
asked me to like after the last round of
debate cycles I would have told you know
I don't think Biden actually has the
stage presence to be a president it was
embarrassing but after his last debate
yeah I think so I think Biden has the
stage presence to do it
so I think those six I think are the
ones that I would say like these people
look presidential like they could do it
tulsi stage presence I didn't see Tulsi
and Camilla go back and forth
unfortunately toll sea has pretty good
stage presence I just hate everything
she says by the way in the military yeah
Pete seems pretty presidential what
about yang Yang is too timid
maybe I'm just racist against Asians I
don't know
I don't think gang has it what about de
plazi Oh wh Omega Lowell did you guys
see that yang literally ripped hope
[ __ ] idea from his subreddit for his
closing speech okay somebody on a
subreddit suggested that like hey you
should point out that it's like the
whole debate is like a reality TV show
and the Trump is a reality TV president
somebody actually suggested I'm gonna
sub red and he responded like this is a
good idea maybe I'll think about it and
he actually put in his closing statement
it was pretty [ __ ] funny thoughts on
Booker book there's a really good
speaker in terms of policy in attacks I
wasn't watching that much one book who
was talking last night I just missed the
parts where he was talking I mainly
watched other people attack Biden
somewhat unsuccessfully for a long time
but wait Tulsi gabbard's record on I
have to do the train rings podcast like
20 minutes I'm sorry [ __ ] me talks about
her January 2017 trip to Syria when she
met Bashar al-assad toward Aleppo after
been reduced to rubble and interviewed
Syrian civilians and the regime approved
opposition the NMC told her and Assad
was a better option for Syria within a
terrorizes the gabart never talks about
her other trip to the turkish-syrian
border with a group of lawmakers in June
2015
which mmm of authentic opposition
leaders who victims of Assad's barrel
bombs and members of the Volunteer
Rescue Brigade known as the white
helmets their stories which don't
support Assad's narrative never make it
into gabbard speeches on the campaign
trail wait is she did she actually come
out saying she's pro-assad there is no
way right no she backpedaled oh no I'm
sorry wopo listening to Gabbard one
might think the United States initiated
the Syrian conflict by arming terrorists
for a regime change war that had
resulted in untold suffering I mean kind
of Isis gained like a lot of their
[ __ ] momentum in the aftermath of the
destruction of Iraq they like took a lot
of the [ __ ] [ __ ] that we'd left for
their military didn't they likes didn't
they take like literally all the [ __ ]
Humvees and [ __ ] that we'd left for the
Iraqi military there and then didn't we
also fund some of the opposition or
provide training and weapons to a lot of
the Opposition in Syria that ended up
fighting alongside and sometimes against
Isis in attempting to dethrone Assad is
this actually that off
but Gabbard knows better she's heard the
testimony of children who've maintained
and orphaned by the actual murderers the
Assad regime but she chooses to ignore
them we gave them vibranium weapons but
as that arming isn't that unintentional
no America had a huge infrared interest
America has a massive geopolitical
interest in seeing Assad dethroned Assad
is one of the few loyalists to Putin
that still exists in that region and
that port in their city is one of two of
warm water ports that Russia actually
has access to like we have massive
geopolitical interest in that area not
to mention access to the minute training
and everything as well like that like
the real question is why is the US to
Skerritt to out-and-back the Kurds let
me out of the basement Steven I promise
I won't tell them what you're doing to
Nathan
even though they are the most stable
dependable and progressive groups in the
whole region of Iraq and Syria
my guess is going to be that backing the
Kurds is very strange for two reasons
one kind of big reason is because I
don't I don't know what the current
state is between the Iraqi people and
the Kurdish people in Iraq the Peshmerga
and Iraq want their own autonomous state
and I don't know if a rack is in favor
of that I think they have like some
deals that they kind of reach for they
kind of like make agreements like you
can govern this region and we'll do that
blah blah blah blah blah so like that
thing is kind of weird and then you also
have the Turkish group that the the
Kurdish group that exists in the
Southeast region of Turkey called the
PKK Turkey [ __ ] hates him he they
hate him there is nothing Turkish people
[ __ ] hate more and the Kurdish people
that exist in that region holy [ __ ]
so you have to one very strong US ally
which is Turkey and then one ally that
we're trying really desperately to hold
on to which is Iraq both of which have
decent Kurdish factions in their
countries that wait no you're too
getting your conflicts mixed up that
article is referring to the Syrian
conflict the Syrian civil war that
started in 2011
the ISS a rocky foothold got traction in
2014 it was the destabilization of Syria
that helped Isis in Iraq oh I didn't
know this was referring to an earlier
conflict I assume this was over the
recent 2013 stuff I don't see them list
like an exact date but that's pretty
ambiguous if that's really what it's
trying to say especially since our trips
were in like 2015 and [ __ ] but destiny
as an Iraqi I'll tell you right now you
won't find a lot of Iraqis that are in
support of an independent Kurdish state
yeah I've heard that um even Hassan
doesn't like the PKK yeah sure I've
heard mixed things I've heard that the
Iraqi government has like reached a deal
right now with the Peshmerga were you
kind of like are living in an okay back
and forth with the Kurdish people in
that country I don't know I haven't kept
up on Iraqi politics in a long time but
um but yeah that that supporting the
Kurdish people would probably go counter
to some US interests right now I would
imagine on the region they have a
semi-autonomous State yeah I think so
kind of like the kind of like the I
think the Taliban anywhere in
Afghanistan don't they still run like a
decent chunk of that country [ __ ] I wish
I had a map I don't I'm not 100 percent
of the data I'm like what's what's going
on with Afghanistan at the moment in
terms of how much the Taliban support or
how much they how much they control
peshmerga's and military it's on an
acting political organization you mean
the Kurdistan Regional Government which
maintains relative autonomy of Iraqi
Kurdistan oh I thought that whole group
was called the pet the Peshmerga Kurdish
people but okay that that's juggers is
the name of their military sect are
they're their military you mean the
Kurdistan Regional Government gotcha
this is your Afghanistan team at how
weed is the green section ran by the
Taliban or by Afghan government forces
or what how can you tell
what's the where's my the same conflict
there is only one Syrian combatant just
that Isis involved themselves in the
Civil War but my point is that it's not
false that Isis in the destabilization
of Iraq didn't spawn the Syrian civil
war
it's actually opposite my point is that
it's not false that Isis in the
destabilization of Iraq didn't spawn the
civil Syrian war it's the opposite do
you think the Syrian civil war caused
brought about the creation of Isis I
know that Isis gained a lot of power
when they moved to Syria to recruit
people but I was under the impression
that Isis in Iraq started to get big
because the new the new Shia government
started to move in ways against the
Sunni people there that caused that
caused extremism to start to pop up
there and then they ended up getting
funding from the Gulf states to start to
support that resistance like I'm sure
both probably I'm sure both probably
played into it but so you have to donate
money to get to talk to him that's right
al Valen car governance in Afghanistan
is much more complex than territorial
control life under the Taliban shadow
government Jesus Afghanistan is a
shitshow how we've been every so long
and like nothing I don't understand I
don't know what the [ __ ] we do there I
really don't I should read more into it
I have no idea we've been in Afghanistan
for like a [ __ ] decade no I'm sorry
we've been in Afghanistan for almost
like two decades right like I don't
understand what the [ __ ] I don't
understand what the [ __ ] we've done
there the whole time we have to stay
because we [ __ ] up the region and if
we leave it would be worse yeah that's
probably the worry the problem of the
war is that if the u.s. exits
Afghanistan that the Taliban would just
overrun my guess is like places like
what is it Kabul like [ __ ] like that
would end up getting [ __ ] I don't know
no less than three it's a secret
government program to terraform it for
the upcoming climate crisis
it was started a long time ago but
generally the destabilization of Syria
and the influx of unemployed fighters
and unaccounted for weapons is what
moved Isis from a terrorist org to an
insurgency with the ability to hold land
in the long term oh sure yeah that
wouldn't be surprising it's what gave
him the ability to control and run all
those oil fields and [ __ ] a lot of oil
fields by the way they shipped gas to
[ __ ] turkey that was purchased there
you're not a Taliban Mujahideen
Mujahideen isn't it Mujahideen or what
does a Mook is mu hunting another word
get out of here I know all about the
Mujahideen I played Metal Gear Solid 5
[ __ ] got him I'm not gonna lie guys I
was so [ __ ] bored last night I must
have masturbated like [ __ ] 80 times
at what point do you have to get worried
about actually doing permanent damage to
reproductive system this is a real
question click my link where I say
goodbye to you at which Prime okay
listen I wanted to watch this on stream
but doesn't she literally get tased I
don't think I can watch stuff like this
is too violent
well I'm not gonna give you a warning
for something you've been driving for
six months
Larkin's friends for something that is
fixable and I can fix it what cuz you're
under arrest
what step out step out the vehicle
step out I'm giving you a law for step
out people watch cops all the time I'm
placing you under arrest do not do not
take off step beyond that
oh no
[Music]
get out of the car get out of the car
get out of the car get out of the car
get out of the park
oh my god okay do people really watch
cops on sky really twitch would ban me
and not ban anyone else
[Music]
[Music]
put your hands behind your back lay down
put your hands behind your back now are
those tasers like one use or oh he just
tased there on the ground are those
tasers one user can you like reload them
like push a button to like like bring
him back once the primer is in you can
zap aah oops I got ambulance on the way
check well you got hazed so they got a
check you you did not have to tase her
me you wouldn't comply you wouldn't get
out and then you tried to kick me so yes
I did
yeah I tried to keep you cause on the
Contra girl because no I mean you got
tased
yes I mean I mean I don't know what you
expect if so just as just so you're
aware signing a ticket doesn't mean
you're pleading guilty to it it just
means you understand you've been issued
a citation and you have a warrant to
show up for court I mean if you're not
gonna sign a ticket you're gonna get
arrested like what do you think what do
you think is gonna happen like I mean
like that's you're her under arrest no
I'm not police hate this woman find out
how to avoid jail with one simple trick
how did he arrest her she said he
couldn't multiple times by signing the
traffic ticket you avoid being taken
into custody at a time and are released
on your own recognizance
Rick recognizance pending the court date
a person is free to refuse to sign the
traffic ticket however the police
officer is free to play somewhere under
arrest and take him or her into custody
Destinee how are you going to handle
these presidential debates going forward
Nathon thinking t.ri hmm um c-span is
probably fun so that'll be okay and then
otherwise maybe audio-only or something
I'm not sure no offence sitter's it's no
secret that the world needs to change
and it needs to change now the status
quo was gone on for too long and if we
don't alter our course quickly we could
be headed towards disaster and when we
need radical change it's the people
sitting on their hands doing nothing
that prevent change the most that's
right I'm talking about the centrists as
a radical anti centrist I understand how
moderates have been undermining our
society for years us extremists have to
do all the work pushing and pulling the
Overton Window meanwhile the centrists
just have to tiptoe left and right
whenever it suits them what this is
resulted in is a political system that
doesn't change we move back and forth
left and right and we never get anywhere
and now that we actually need radical
change the people preserving the status
quo just aren't helping too many people
aren't picking aside too many people are
politically sitting on a fence we don't
have much
time I urge you go up to those fence
sitters and burn the fence down we gotta
throw a brick through the Overton Window
if all the extremists stopped fighting
each other and started fighting the
centrists we could actually get rid of
them all in a plan I'm calling the
moderate solution now listen I'm not
saying we should kill all centrists I'm
saying we should start killing the
centrist
basically all you have to do is find
someone and ask them a political
question if they give you a wishy-washy
non answer then that's your cue to kill
them now some of you might be thinking
oh that sounds an awful lot like
genocide and some of you might be
thinking ha ha that sounds an awful lot
like genocide don't worry it's not
genocide think of it as a much more
palatable politicize or more
specifically in a term I've created
centrist I'd here's the genius part once
the centrist start dying off more and
more of them will become politically
polarized until all the centrists have
either become extremists or have been
killed once there are no centrists left
there will be a black hole where the
Overton Window used to be that's when
all the extremists will get sucked into
that window like a vacuum
this marks Phase two of the plan where
all of the extremists fight each other
until only one prevailing ideology
remains then we can finally stop culture
warring and solve big issues like
climate change by dismantling capitalism
or letting the free market loose on the
issue or dividing ourselves into groups
and hoping the groups that we don't I'm
sorry so non history Steve over here
isn't this kind of sort of what has
actually happened in some revolutions in
the past so for instance like don't
socialists kill like other types of
socialists when socialist revolutions
happen in countries like isn't there
like a lot of people that will kill
people that are like slightly different
to them on the political side yeah I
mean like die first now some people
might say that differences in opinion
are valuable and we shouldn't be trying
to make everybody believe the same thing
that we shouldn't be trying to convert
everybody into one homogeneous ideology
and that conflicts between ideologies
are valuable and is what makes human
society in humans in general so
interesting those people are centrists
and we're gonna [ __ ] kill oh stop why
do you refer to ninjas a labor iron
twitch streamer self-employed yeah but I
mean you're still you're still selling
your labor right as a streamer aren't
you I saw my labor to twitch twitch runs
ads against my channel they keep the
surplus fire that I create from my ads
with isn't that what communists or
socialists would say right twitch is
making money off of my labour so there's
some surplus value that I'm generating
there that twitch is stealing from me
now a non one-dimensional analysis of
this transaction would say that I'm
actually paying for access to twitch his
capital and that by combining my labour
with their capital I'm creating a
product that neither of us could create
and twitch is fully within their rights
to scrape some of the value off of that
excess surplus but you know but who am I
to say that sounds like theft to me 33
months of neo capitalism omegle neo omni
capitalism we should be omni capitalists
dude that's way cooler than omni liberal
have you talking about Brittany's
derivative Texas in a disaster so it
would be I mean we've touched in a
little bit but I have to read more about
ftts it seems like a really [ __ ] bad
idea but maybe I don't know I'm gonna
host train I love you guys very much
it's been fun thanks for subscribing you
guys are beautiful okay
stay safe Ripper in a cappuccino poverty
no hobby no opportunity no cappuccino
cappuccino
Al Pacino my duderinos okay
protectionist ideas always sound good to
citizens because you're promising sure
that you could never [ __ ] deliver
protectionism sounds awesome we're gonna
