welcome to episode 15 of the Dark
Templar podcast of the Donald Trump
podcast how are you guys doing today I'm
joined by oh [ __ ] I just wish but I'm I
keep what oh [ __ ] that actually does
that we what did I just push
oh you're good I'm driving by my trihex
how you doing buddy Oh
babyface Triax destiny just found out
what the f11 key does he's like oh [ __ ]
it fullscreen how do i how do I fix it
wait f 11 oh [ __ ] I don't know that
worked on OBS it's not roasting me what
are you doing you're the one here that
is [ __ ] chill what you got going for
me today going on yeah well I mean uh
you know I I it's a very very dark day
in America because I fulfilled Jessica
Pearson's of a prophecy I was I kill
someone and gang-related vile they're
right here late today okay I didn't know
how hard we were going today
that's a girl house yeah why are you
late you are you able to talk about it
or yeah yeah well yeah it was a yeah
it's all it's all good news now super
long story short I was with my
grandmother at the ICU intensive care
unit ward at the hospital mm-hmm that I
lived near and she had a it's kind of
tough to get to all contexts not getting
the whole story here but yeah she uh she
is 78 years old she took some lisinopril
which is a medication for high blood
pressure and she had a negative reaction
she was taking it for a while and she
when you take lisinopril there's a 1%
chance quote unquote 1% chance you can
get a sour sour side effect of swelling
and inflammation her tongue was swelled
to three times the size and obviously
your tongue is larger than it appears it
goes down into your throat so heard the
swelling of her tongue was actually
gonna cause blockage of her only you
know he was only have one windpipe of
her windpipe wish she would have
suffocated and died but thankfully you
know I take care of her and I got it to
the ER in time and they they took care
of it but she was in ICU ward she had a
she had a tube put down her throat with
a breathing machine that way that the
swelling of the tongue with a kind of
you know swell around the tube so it
couldn't get completely engulfed or in
clothes I should say huh um now what
happened today today is day four of her
being an ICU ward by the way if you look
on my Twitter you can find all the
updates - I've been keeping him on
posted it's why I haven't been streaming
his often because I've been kind of
freaking out and trying to fix all of
our [ __ ] for and figure out where she's
gonna go once she's recovered and stuff
like that to get adequate medical care
um and she uh and today was a day that
dollars why okay well she's um we've
we've stopped putting on the sedation
she's she's meeting all of our metrics
well we would like to remove the machine
because we shouldn't have any one
machine for longer than like seven days
realistically here trying to get him to
heal back to where they were prior
uh-huh so and they were the thing that
held me up here was I wanted to go visit
her you know nine thirty you know is
gonna go there visit her real quick and
then come back here prep for the podcast
to the podcast yeah but when I was there
the ICU doctor saw that I was in there
so cool glad you're here I want to talk
to you about some things and so he was
talking to me about well hey look when
we remove when we removed the tube out
of her throat and she's breathing on her
own again you know so far there's no but
keep in mind wait so for us know what
you cut off her singers new sorry
there's no evidence of anything going
wrong on here like you know no
complications and she should be able to
breathe on her own and operate as normal
however in the event that we run into
complications where she can breathe on
her own she can't cough um you know or
anything that's not of course I mean II
put the the two back in her when you
talk about the complications that come
from that and what you wish to do uh-huh
you know she may need a shrink you know
that the thing in the thing the put in
the throat and she may need a shrink and
a feeding tube if we put the if we put
the the breathing machine back on her
when her throats already really really
sore and my cause damned information
beyond repair
huh so um you know she might need that
and if she did need the office they were
hoping that we don't need that but if we
do need that do you want to go that
direction do you want to go with you
know a major surgery being performed on
her or would you rather we just don't
and we just kind of let medicine
minimize what she'll deal with and have
this have the age or have the the health
slowly degrade
for she would you know eventually pass
and I was just in a through all this on
me and I'm like oh [ __ ] okay so yeah I
had it like a dude it was crazy man I
have like a 30 minute conversation with
two different doctors about like
complications and all the other [ __ ]
and that hit me really really hard so I
thought okay well well damn what my
grandmother would she would she would
she would my gut reactions yes she wants
to live to see her great-grandchildren
presumably my kids never not even know
whatever [ __ ] I don't know when that's
happening by the way like humming no
rush that at all um you know do I uh
she would want to live but which he
would she want this major surgery we
mind you she's like already like taking
four days to recover from the from this
whole from this like everyday a reaction
to medicine uh-huh years old okay I'll
show at 78 country yeah 78 had a stroke
about two months ago
so her her left and the stroke caused
her her left arm - uh - no longer
function properly she can like at the
shoulder level kind of move the whole
appendage around I guess you could say
but the hand the hands of fingers that
can't read too much in the left hand so
he only has one hand and it and she's
kind of weak so like every day
challenges like she probably can open a
door but can't lock a door she can't
really use a pen to write anything she
can't use a remote that well like she's
she's like that old thing she's like
they can work like she even her getting
an out of bed is like really debatable
at this point um to give you an idea so
yeah she's getting really up there and
yeah it does give me a little bit less
confidence with her ability to deal with
you know two major surgeries for the
shrink the trunk trinket I'm keep saying
it wrong cuz I'm never at the house
spelled so the throat thing and the
feeding hold they have to do that have
to go like around her stomach because
her throat would be you know not fully
functional anymore after the second time
probably of putting the the tube back in
her to keep her alive yeah there so we
were going to the whole thing there and
what that involves and you know does I
haven't like the hospital just currently
add a seam it doesn't even do that
surgery it's you have to go to a
different
spittle about 90 minutes out of my way
and recover there and then figure out
what to do you know what love with
adequate care she would need when done
for coming from that you know it's just
like you know and it gets surgery you
know she probably able to walk again
because she's already can barely walk
right now and it just goes on on on this
whole thing it was like hitting me
really hard all these decisions and but
ultimately now it's gonna go by the way
but ultimately I was like yeah okay well
my gut reaction is you know do the
surgery if need be like if things get
cuz if they get really bad which is like
vital on something today
I would assume she'd want to like live
or try to live a talk about you know
just to try to live so we can talk about
you know organizing everything and
getting her stuff together because right
now it's kind of a no you don't really
prepare usually for these kind of things
that happen so I um you know there's a
lot of that guy I think we all need to
do and I'd like to like you know
properly tell her goodbye if I'm
officially at that point sure I'm saying
this now but straight face because I
already like kind of did all the
emotional [ __ ] like way earlier so I'm
kind of like drain on that so don't
think I'm like exercise to the theorems
like I've already I've already like been
through all that how did I do it the
hard ball hard hardball stuff with the
doctor is like way earlier on topics
anything I have to ever get to today
particularly you know I was all team
recovery for her not really like team
not really like you know okay well team
skeptical I was like you know hardcore
on team recovering uh-huh but the good
news is yeah so all of her of all her
vitals look the court in a plan and they
the doctors wanted to remove her
breathing tube today so she can breathe
on her own in the ICU ward and yeah they
they they told to step out give him up
15 minutes to remove the tube they did
they told us to come back in which is
great and then like they didn't like you
know proceeded to go to some kind of
operations and tell me it's getting bad
and she's good they remove the tube
she's breathing on her own
um her ability to cough is not quite
great right now
you know coughing as a function of
removing debris out of your throat and
[ __ ] like that and if you can't coffee
probably just choked and died just keep
it really really short to have how the
whole thing here works so her ability to
cough is mild it's not great they have
to use like a suction to the kind of
like she would like kind of mean
everything yeah she would bring the film
up but wouldn't come all the way up so
that kind of accused the two of the kind
of like getting there and backing up a
little bit more but and she still she's
still a little woozy the kind of the
kind of scary thing is that she was on
sedation while you know while with the
tube in her because it's like you know
the tubes pretty invasive and probably
freak you out if you woke with the tube
you throat uh-huh
but she's been off the sedation now for
about 36 hours and and she's uh she's
still kind of woozy which is a little
bit alarming because usually by now most
would like get with the wake up to like
being a little more coherent she's like
barely there so as me they asked me a
little bit nervous but but it there's no
chance I think she's done she can't she
shouldn't have like any serious like
long-term like neurological problems
anything right no the only thing she has
neurologically is that she does have
dementia I mean yet that's like I think
again I don't want to like give her the
whole thing into like my dream off you
don't hear about it if you don't hear
about but yeah she uh she has a the
reason why you know out the reason why I
was even able to go to the ER was
because I already saw her declining
health the past like really like five
years and I was like look um Graeme you
uh you're not walking very well like I
she's she's so prideful man you're not
walking very well you kind of hunched
over your kind of dragging your left
foot um she's very forgetful she forgets
where her her glasses her remote her
phone are and and she has like this
dementia thing which thinks there's like
people in the attic who are out to kill
her so she thinks that like when the
glasses are or you know somewhere else
that the people in the attic came down
and moved her glasses to mess with her
to torment her if you will and it kind
of goes even further where she's like
she doesn't want to order food prepared
for her because the people will touch it
so if she almost to go to like buffets
where it's like prepared mass where they
can't target her specifically
so she she's currently yeah so he's like
this dementia kind of freaks her out and
doing these like like crazy rituals that
kind of consumed her entire day combined
with like being old and slow in handy
captain it's like I'm like okay look
look all bodily all alone widowed at her
big house out in the country and I'm
just like
look granny let me how about we escape
the people and I get you a nice
apartment near me in the city near of a
better hospital where you can get some
better doctors out here in the city and
the ones you have in the country and and
yeah I'll help take care of you um that
I would I would feel a lot better if
you're with me and not driving because
your vision is terrible if you were if
you're with me and I took care of you
when we can kind of like move on on a
better direction she actually she
finally agreed she actually agreed I was
counseled prior to actually said yes to
that and so that's kind of where we did
all the moving like in the February
that's when you know my mom helped move
all her stuff from the house to her new
apartment that she got at a senior
citizens folks apartment complex I
didn't even think actually 55 and older
only yeah I lived in one of those for
two years yeah really
yeah yeah so I did all that with for her
early March and then she was really
happy but obviously you know she needs a
lot of care and she's really forgetful
and kind of and kind of rebellious too
with the dementia so she would swear
that she knew what medicine she was
taking but she couldn't keep track of it
she would swear that she needed 10 cc's
of insulin every night but the nurse
would tell her you need 20 your your
prescription is for 20 so she went to
the Oh long story short she went to the
ER twice this week first time was for
high blood pressure she had a 220 over
110 second time was for the tongue
swelling that you know proceeded to
become this giant thing now where she
had to go under for emergency
circumstances because of the tube being
put in here due to before that for a
tongue swelling engulfed her entire
throat doctors told me that she was like
you know honestly within an hour of it
completely closing out and probably
choking to death and dying uh-huh which
it happens that's why I was that's what
were cool that right now
I was pretty crazy thing about honestly
that she wasn't that close to that kind
of thing yeah but yeah she bats you a
question here about her mental state
yeah she has she has dementia she has
short-term memory lost she's frail she
has her or her left arm is like stroke
stroke struck I guess worried she can't
do anything with it and
that's where I currently am now she's
recovering she's a little bit delirious
she's a bit off sedation for a while now
I'm hoping she can get a little hearing
I don't really know where that goes from
here I'm kind of like you know the four
stages of grief
like I'm like hardcore on the first one
about denial I'm just like I'm because I
didn't even in my it didn't even enter
my realm of possibility that she could
be it was he like you know she'll
recover or she won't recover I didn't
think about the whole like mental part
where she might just be permanently in
this like doozy state of a vegetable
hood I guess or whatever so that's how
my week has been mostly pretty very
stressful not gonna lie to you I do a
bunch of [ __ ] they had to look at you
I've done so much like old people stuff
it's ridiculous now I had to like look
into like you know nursing home versus
assisted living versus versus getting
you know private pay full-time sitters
at her current apartment I think you
guys have you guys secured a power of
attorney over her yet do you know yeah
that I have I got that prior to all this
actually so yeah yeah I've been working
on that too been getting over been
getting our big accounts and paying her
bills off and [ __ ] knowing all the stuff
yeah so I that so I've been I've been
working on all that that's actually why
they to talk to me cuz I had the power
of attorney so I was like they were
hidden me with the hard stuff like from
the very jump yeah I'm sorry the doctor
said is they ready to move all the hard
stuff so she sounds like she needs
assisted living someone in chat said I
think that as long as a person is able
to live on their own it's probably way
healthier mentally for them to kind of
be more on their own gives him up like a
greater sense of purpose especially
living in like that senior citizen like
community you can have friends and talk
to people and still feel like pretty
normal and well-adjusted
um okay how come my parents don't do
this stuff I leave it to the grandson um
well one I I live in the I live in the
city my my problem you'd answer that
question I get a lot more to get into a
lot more context I know if you
particularly all care still care about
hearing more about this my dad lives in
Florida he's not the best I mean he's
not I kind of contest a little before
he's not
the ideal father figure he's I'm kind of
like I kind of aspire to be everything
that he's not or trying to be nothing
like him in short but uh yeah I told him
in 2016 that look she was her mental
state was declining really really badly
and I was like whatever II don't know
what to do because she's being really
stubborn and I don't want to I don't
want to be Marta's an enemy with her
because she might because the minute you
tell her you know if you actually pause
it real quick Dessie have you ever dealt
even with the vichy before um my mom's
mom had Alzheimer's and then I lived
with my grandma for two years and that
when I said I lived in that senior said
it's an apartment complex it'll be there
for about two years and she had dementia
yeah yeah so in short just giving us a
little bit of context here so I've kind
of explained the scenario she thinks was
people in the Attic out to kill her and
everything that happens in the real
world that you can't explain is defaults
to being the people doing stuff to her
so the thing is when you call out the
logical fallacies that that inevitably
involves the person with dementia is
inviting snap at you yeah they usually
get really clearly they get really
confused or really confused and really
upset yeah correct yeah so here's where
it got crazy um they're the reason I
wouldn't call my dad to ask for help
unless it was like really dire but I
called him 2016 and told them hey look
uh so I found out Grammy has guns
multiple guns I don't know how many guns
she carries a screwdriver and a knife in
her purse at all times around the house
I assumed to use in case anyone were to
come around her she's talking about
suing the people in the Attic she had
she called 9-1-1 at some point in 2016
to tell them there are people in the
attic they searched her attic they found
nothing and they put her I would assume
that point they put her on the crazy
people list and just kind of like take
your calls a little less seriously yeah
yeah I was like yeah look dude yeah I
don't do like I want to the thing is you
know and by the way the house you know
built in the 70s a big-ass houses I'm
just like look I have no clue where her
guns are I kind of want to take her gun
so it doesn't like shoot me buddy
because I don't know all that magic some
some person know The Paperboy
worth up to her door gives her her
morning paper he just tries to like
shoot or whatever or it sucks to think
about but even somebody like you they're
depending on the day right yeah yeah
yeah so I was like you look I she has
guns and I don't know what to do about
it
I would love to have you here I don't
want to like you know get invasive and
just like you know ram ram through her
and just kind of like go through her
stuff and try to find the guns I'm
concerned about or whatever like I don't
even know don't know even where to begin
this whole thing here so I kind of uh so
they had me worried and he ultimately uh
kind of blew off he was like yeah yeah I
know I'm gonna I'm coming to take care
of her soon and you know 2016 2017 2018
goes by and then 2019 is filing when I
go you know I hadn't seen in about three
weeks I went over there to see her I
want to say like late January 2019 and I
was like yo it really hit me how far she
had gone dude the house was like on the
house was like 86 degrees she had it she
had it like it was so [ __ ] hot in
there because for her she said it was to
to burn the people in the Attica I'm
like [ __ ] it's hot as [ __ ] here does
she have does she have Alzheimer's
disease probably what the domestic
husband there's been no diagnosis for
either of those things and she hasn't
meant like a neurologist because again
in her eyes and again this something I
found recently so I'm like I want to
take her to like a neurologist or
someone to get a diagnosed so we can
mind kind of move forward on maybe
minimizing the intensity this right now
or something like that but the situation
is that like in her eyes she's not crazy
and no she's crazy she thinks you're
crazy and that you're wrong and for her
and and that now the thing is I found
out what her triggering criteria was for
determining such if you are a doctor and
you don't have an MD in your name you're
not above a certification high enough to
determine whether now has to meet you
she won't even take you seriously what
you have an MD in your name
that's her like triggering point is what
I realized she let that one slip
nonchalantly in a conversation earlier
this month for me but I didn't know that
but yeah I got to know like you got mad
you know it's me coming into this whole
thing here because I have to and I know
nothing I don't know her big accounts I
don't know who are doctors I don't know
like who her kidney doctor is I don't
know who are her blood work statuses you
know I don't know medication she's
taking like I come into this thing you
know literally mid-february I'm being
thrown everything to figure out what to
do with her it's almost like dude if I
if I see and they do she and she's like
she should not be driving I'm like oh
like yeah like I'm like you you just I
need you to say grounded I had to like
how Turkey summer that's when I was like
dude you you need to be I don't even
know how chic even see you honestly
that's how old that's how bad her vision
is like you said did you say she was 87
she's 78 oh 78 my name I gotcha yeah so
damn yeah what do you dislike towards
the end if somebody's like this life I'm
not sure what what are you supposed to
do what do you think that's it was a
tough call honestly this is the UM the
big picture you know where I am right
now with her and I'm sorry if it's
boring people here I might immunity real
endure this visit
I mean fries this is the this is what my
week has been honestly if you wanted to
know well sir I was a question again I
lost Rick what do you think you're
supposed to do with somebody towards the
end of like when you can tell they're
getting to like the final like years of
this type of life like what do you do
with oh I'm not sure I'm not sure either
do because like because all right the
the the doctors the doctor specialist
I'm sorry I won't say it like there's a
doctor who did the the tube removal but
there's like like the the ICU ward
management case director who spoke to me
she was about the upper up person and
was like you know I'm gonna give you the
nitty-gritty of what happens usually
these events and what what you could do
going forward but right now unless you
give me explicit consent I can't put the
trink and the thing in her I mean I
would need your explicit consent as
powerful Tori to do yeah also if she
chokes I'm gonna put do CPR on her I
unless you give me a written consent or
I'm sorry X was a consent for a day or
whatever yeah yeah for that and if you
want to like go with them know the
comfort route huh I'm not gonna do that
have you been have you put a lot of
thought into like a DNR anything yet or
what sort of how do you like Phil what's
poppin do they hit me this is all that
was like four and a half hours ago this
whole thing got told to me so oh damn
okay yeah yeah this is all like today
but it's also kind of why I'm talking
about it now because it could kind of
get to I get to hear at other people's
perspectives one and then two I'm very
much I'll admit right now I'm in pretty
deep denial I don't think anything's
gonna happen so far because I have no
reason to believe she had any like
cardiovascular
degradation beyond purely this one
incident for being on a breathing
machine for four days straight
so maybe I'm ignorant of how how frail
one can get when they're on like
synthetic everything for you know over
half a week um I don't know maybe I'm
really to get an idea of how old she
actually is with with her like very slow
recovery if it she can fully recover I
don't know but I'm as I but you know I
went into this kind of hopeful that she
would bounce back and this time now I
would learn what what we need to do even
though nothing supposed to happen from
mismanagement a negative reaction to her
medication but yeah this whole thing
you're hitting me really hard hit me
like we're very sudden very hard so the
s4 what you do so here's the general
thing whenever you have someone who's at
near I guess near-fatal circumstances
this is what you're gonna be prepared
for it the doctor told me there are
doing two options you can go with like
team team invasive medical team whatever
czar Syria right you do invasive stuff
there's gonna whether it be invasive
surgery or whatever whatever steep
recovery medical induced things got to
do to keep them alive and going you do
which in this case would be you know the
two surgeries for the for the things
that would have to happen probably
following putting the tube back in her
huh or you go with team you go with the
other option which is team comfort you
uh you say well she could live longer if
I technically do the medical procedures
but what would she have a better quality
of life what would she had preferred
what's important for her what was she
living for doctors sitting here asking
me all these questions about like you
know what do you think she would want
and I'm like [ __ ] I don't know [ __ ] I
was just kidding I was I was trying to I
was just kidding to solve those problems
honestly I really hadn't gotten that far
yet yeah team comfort seems those seem
to be the easier why shouldn't it seems
like the very very end of life that
seems to be pretty like an easier part
like I think team comfort is generally
pretty obviously the answer there
because I mean like if you go for the
resuscitation route you're gonna be like
doing invasive [ __ ] after invasive [ __ ]
and every time they come back their mind
is just slipping further and further
away I feel like the harder part is like
the last like two to three years of life
living with something like like
Alzheimer's disease
like if they I'm assuming that's what's
causing the dimension it's the most
common cause that seems like I don't
know like I'm having somebody that just
gets confused or it can get lost in your
house or whatever like can't live on
their own it seems kind of weird I'm not
sure what the what you're supposed to do
in those circumstances you don't know
yeah and I'd even an even get as far as
asking her like what the you know I
assume she has really good insurance she
has like a chef she has got a ton of
insurance on everything like she's very
old-school so she has like her house is
insured I know that she has like a
stroke policy and she has much other
[ __ ] so I assume she has like really
good insurance to have what would be
probably the very invasive medical
procedures done but you know usually
those are gonna be like you know I'm for
most people that's pretty pretty you
know you do you do first think about the
financial second and I could easily
being like you know thirty grand plus
surgeries to do on both ends there
and it's like you're all you're right
though it's like for what you know would
it if she is right now walking around
the walker able to get up on her own and
kind of like you know eat on her own and
stuff like that if she recovers from
this here and it's just you know like
she's gonna be you know let's say it
worst-case scenario right like she has
to get the two surgeries and she's being
fed through a tube to her stomach and
the throat thing where she probably
won't be able to walk anymore from the
pain from the surgery so they're gonna
be they're gonna be done that require
you know the torso work to be able to
move at that point you know so we're
talking about you know wheelchair into
bed you know motorized wheelchair into
bed it's really about it you know how
great of a life would that really be I
don't know it's like it's tough to say
but I don't want to be the I might
almost feel guilty even saying that cuz
it's like is am I am i declining her
life I no I don't think so I don't think
at all I mean like at that stage like
especially towards the later days like
things are gonna be so confusing and
scary anyways like the idea of hardcore
obsessing over preserving just like the
the number of days a person is alive for
I think it's a lot less important than
improving the quality of like their
final days I think it's way more
important yeah yeah that's why I would
think to Micah you see he's kind of
really don't really know when to get
into it so right now the tube was
removed
she had no complications being able to
her ability to cough is not that great
but she is
coughing with assistance at this point
she is breathing on her own which is
great the only that really worries me
right now is that she's like been off
sedation which will soon now be for two
days and she's still very delirious and
like the most I can get her to do is I
said hey hey it's it's a it's it's your
grandson it's Mikey and I would tell her
hey like if you recognize him can you
squeeze my hand
you know and she can she can squeeze my
hand can you give me a thumbs up and it
not really she doesn't give me a thumbs
up if she can just kind of squeeze my
hand but I can't tell that so her like
squeezing my hand because like I need
something or if it's like she's actually
computing what I'm saying I'm not quite
sure yet like she kind of gives me a
blank stare no matter what I do so I
kind of really know is that as far as it
gets or not I don't know it's like I'm
again I'm really deep in the denial
right now somes like yeah she's gonna
she's really no really smart man teacher
for 34 years always one to really push
me to the higher standard of like
enunciation and diction and and
vocabulary like she was the one who was
always adamant about me being like be
the best you can be don't dumb yourself
down the fit in at school be smart
uh-huh be your best and she so she's
like she's very very very very smart and
it's just it's it that's why I kind of I
convinced that yeah she's gonna recover
because clearly she's like a very smart
woman so I'm just let's kind of where I
am with it now I haven't really even
finished relieved my own thought pattern
of like what to compute from what I was
told today uh-huh but right now we're
playing it uh we're playing it day by
day
yeah having uh talking to the doctors
and having like a realistic assessment
of what's gonna happen in the future too
is like really important I think one of
the worst parts of my mom dealing with
her mom was um the it's it's kind of
weird but like her mom would have really
good days and then it would make you a
lot more devastated for like the next
bad day right because sometimes you
think like maybe everything is like on
its way to get better but then like
obviously you know like these kinds of
things usually progress in one direction
which is like really shitty to deal with
it's a really really rough thing yeah
yeah
q um is your mom helping you all her
yeah yeah they're uh it's mainly my mom
and me and my cousin Justin we kind of
take turns like doing helping her out
for a day I was getting a lot of power
of attorney stuff done throughout the
last like the entire four days she was
recovering or she's been recovering I've
been like doing at least one or two
errands related to like getting all her
ducks in a row
uh-huh paying her bills getting routine
tea fixed getting her you know letting
the apartment complex know about her
health right now looking you know again
going to nursing homes versus assisted
living facilities and figuring out how
all that [ __ ] works you know ha spice
doing is learning about more about that
one and you know all talking to the the
the ICU doctor is why when I would visit
every day to ask him about like you know
when she wakes up in her recovery how
does that work out and I went oh I
learned all of that doing all my
homework comprehensively while she was
recovering up until now uh-huh I'm sorry
I forgot I was going with this whole
thing here um you would ask me about
what again if anything um right there
about I mean the most recent thing I
asked you is whether or not your mom was
helping you exactly with everything but
yeah she's helped me a lot yeah so um
and yeah everything's going as good as
it can be right now so we just we just
wait and see how it goes damn
well there's anything your grandma's
ever like really wanted to do or
anything you guys have a lot of fun
doing you should definitely do that like
quickly as possible and the big thing is
yeah I I kind of want to like it's like
okay here's what really gets me right as
it may sound partially grim I guess but
like as long as I get one more chance
not I know it's like my if it maybe now
that I know it might be my last chance I
just really want one more chance to be
with her and talk with her and like
really you know get that time you know
that you know you never really think
it's gonna be the last time uh-huh but
having a call this close you know it's
like okay now I'm like really woke that
you know I I can't tell I'm mostly in
the dark here I have like a little small
little you know let's call it a little
candle light not even if I find a candle
light you know how long does this thread
go you know this little this little fuse
to the very
here I don't I don't know but if I get
one more chance I will from here on take
full advantage of that you know it and
not take it for granted here like I
don't really want to
yeah you should set up like a like a
really cute like a date night or
something where you guys go out to eat
dinner and they go to like a park or
something whatever you have like the
sooner the better is probably yeah you
know and that's not to imply that it
wasn't really doing that but I do know
that I was like she wasn't cooking I was
feeding her all the time like I would
asked her what do you want we want to
eat today and I'll try to find like the
most low sodium option I could find for
takeout and that would and I would like
bring it to the house defer to eat
uh-huh just because it was like way easy
to like bring food to her rather than
bring her to two places no I was like as
often I couldn't predict like how it
would hurt two men she would kick in and
she'd be like you know I don't like him
or I don't trust him or he's he's with
the people and you know only takes one
of those happen it makes the whole thing
get really complicated so I'm usually
all about like I would try to I would go
over to her apartment hang out with her
and she's like really close to me and
just like just bring her food and meat
we all eat together so I have done that
and I have been doing that but you know
I didn't I haven't had that he's like I
guess I do I think I was gonna be like
you know anywhere near the end or there
was the end coming soon this was the
beginning because finally the beginning
you know because finally I got you out
the house you're you're no longer 40
minutes away from me you're now you're
you're you're here I'm here I can I can
go see you it's way it'll be way better
you know you're no longer at the house
so you have less reason to think the
people are gonna be over here because
you're not at the old house anymore
you're at this new apartment and I even
furnished your apartment and for a
particular way where it's Grammy proof
where you can't lose [ __ ] because I know
everything is I know where you're I know
where your pill box is know where your
medicine is I know where all your things
are so whenever you give me with the
other people took X I can say hey nope
it's right here and it's you know I
pretty much made it as dementia proof as
I could be true so yeah so you know that
I just I feel really good about what
I've done so far but I would I would
love one at least one more conversation
if I can get that conversation you know
so damn well damn good luck I mean if
you see her hopefully you catch her on a
good day or whatever sometimes talking
about like older things can jog memories
depending on the day sometimes you get
really lucky but that [ __ ] is really
shitty man
yeah yeah well it feels good even talk
about it right now you know that's like
the cuz honestly it's just been like a
giant tol'able of my head flushing all
day and i orally flushing until you know
honestly now uh-huh
and it feels good to talk about it you
know honestly so so shouts if anyone
else and Chad's been doing the same
thing trust me III get it dude it's it's
it's [ __ ] stressful to say the least
but yeah that's but again right now
we're on some good news that the tube
was removed successfully and there's
there was no immediate obvious
escalation of conflict which is good so
right now we just we played hopeful and
we Furr to come back to cognitive
ability and then we'll proceed from
there I suppose but he would take a day
at a time
sure won't and well good luck with
everything
yeah thanks all right well so moving on
from that do you see Captain Marvel now
fight sorry I don't know where to go
from there
yeah there's no Scotty relevance so uh I
okay so let me guess right here so so
professional professional broadcast best
in here you've you have some talks
prepare for us right you uh I mean I
know because of because our roles here
are I'm the charismatic one who kind of
like carries a conversation and you're
the producer who gets the topics and the
twitch clips and you know the general
direction that shows them to be going
here that's why it's the DT podcast not
the TD podcast so I'm sure you have mini
listen that's just an alphabetical order
that's the DS not in front because it's
like more important or something okay
alphabetical or racial superiority whoa
oh so I'm joined today with my guest
Jesse Lee Peterson here I guess Jesus I
mean I'm asking you are you saying they
called my question loaded that's a
pretty it was pretty loaded sorry I
watched too much JLP lately I wouldn't
know any better but now I know so yeah
we have a yeah um you asked me about
Captain Marvel on a serious note yeah
you said a pin it so so so you see a
tooth oh right I have yeah oh my god so
finally a movie that we all saw that
somewhere relevant that yeah what
relevant oh my god
okay all right so who goes who goes
first
um I don't care what do you wanna do
I'll leave it up to you all right well
look I'm gonna tell y'all right now
right look I didn't see the opening
weekend cuz I was busy with [ __ ] but I
finally saw it like at some point waited
wait should we do spoilers or no
spoilers oh my god alright no let's
pause real quick my stance on spoilers
is I completely respect your wishes
opening weekend clearly you didn't go
for midnight so cool you're gonna go
opening weekend don't come at me about
yep [ __ ] I'm you're right I agree all
right okay full spoilers have that
spoilers it's [ __ ] week three now I
did the [ __ ] out here dude like baucom
well if you're not gonna see it now in
[ __ ] we'll see anyway like you mad
mute that's alright do it
alright Oh Captain Marvel mash it suck
dude [ __ ] that dude Captain Marvel it
was for me easily like a bottom three
MCU film that's saying a lot dude that
is that was a that was a freakin sand
and mayonnaise sandwich on nothing dude
it was as bland as [ __ ] man oh my god
like in the problem years I feel like
the the politicized aspects of you know
female empowerment all that I completely
get it but I'll just keep it completely
candid here right now for you um to me
Wonder Woman was a better female
empowerment movie this here was like
nothing nothing nothing this that the
movie for me like brie Larson out a few
was like not not directed well or if
there if there was though the ride with
the script but it seems like it was like
just constant pandering about like about
all this about trying to be this female
empowerment but really the Charis that's
not interesting to be totally honest so
just to give you a quick little thing
here about this Captain Marvel it's like
it's kind of a prequel takes place in
the 90s and so you get to see the the
the agent shield Nick Fury you can see
how he starts his very beginnings of
scene he's like extraterrestrial
activities and all these like super
powerful elements that lead to
eventually the Assembly of the Avengers
to take care of like no foreign threats
as a part of the private you know super
secret top government agency that he
operates it within and you can see you
know young Samuel Jackson
in the 90s you know you get to find out
you know how all these things happen you
know whether it be the the ice car and
the eyepatch or or you know how he was a
young rookie way back when and his first
time encountering any of these like
supernatural elements and how plays into
comparative to his like you know his
jaded his jaded self you see him you
know you know 20 years later almost in
an Ironman one and since then and the
particles down oh and the problem here
is that the main character is like I
find there's more development done for
Nick Fury than for the protagonist of
the story
Captain Marvel there's to put it totally
in short dude she's like a equip
equipped equip yelling snarky character
in the beginning and then after her big
metamorphosis she still equip equipping
snark snarky person towards the end I
didn't really observe pretty much of a
character arc change in her and and I
can go into more than that but I kind of
want it like so out here and kind of
hear from you before I before I project
more possibly onto yourself so yeah my
biggest problem was the in terms of like
how superhero movies work this is kind
of like this is for me usually this is
like the central like success or failure
of a movie is I feel like you have to
feel like the character kind of earns
the payoff at the end and I don't think
you had any moments in this movie
whatsoever where it felt like this
character struggled with literally
anything all of the struggling was like
very superficial I mean for a superhero
movie
she's never exposed to any real danger
ever right you're never at any point of
this movie feeling like she could
actually die or that her life is in
danger it doesn't seem like she ever
really has much to overcome I mean I
guess she realizes she was human and
like that one scene and the when she's
talking to the the lady the old woman
that symbolizes whatever in that in that
thing they're in with the Creed do you
know what I'm talking about I think it
was called by yeah
yeah that and that kind of like that
thing just basically cheapens everything
like it just it makes everything so bad
right like at the ending scene where
she's like flying through space like
blowing a bored shitless she's just like
it says press the wind button just yeah
like nobody really cares no no conflict
yeah as opposed to like what you see
like Thor you know when he comes in and
infinity
war and blast the whole field with his
giant hammer whatever like you just saw
him go through what he needed to to
rebuild the hammer and everything right
like and even that wasn't like a great
Butler but at least you had something
like oh like this it feels like a little
bit more deserved or a little bit more
earned and yeah I I feel like that was
like a really big problem with that
character and that kind of killed a lot
of the movie for me I also felt like
there was um I feel like we needed to
develop like one relationship harder and
leave another one to the wayside either
more time with Nick Fury or more time
with her like like her old pilot friend
because I didn't feel like I had like I
thought that there was an okay amount of
time with the Nick Fury person but I
didn't feel like there was enough time
with her pilot friend for me to ever
give a [ __ ] about their reunion I agree
and and then by the end of the movie and
Rory's boys now if there's something
double down on that real quick here
wasn't she like piloting one of the
crazy-ass Jets or whatever and just like
okay so he's needed like a comma sounds
so unappreciative of like look around I
am all for racial diversity and and uh
you know adequate representation for POC
stuff like that but it look like a
checklist dude we got to have an NPC POC
do something important at some point in
the movie here so just like yeah here's
a here's her her best friend here's the
best black friend pilot doing [ __ ]
during the climax was oh so she couldn't
be you can't just have a black pilot
that's a woman trihex is that what
you're saying I mean look I you you
could you could but unless she should
have been white that's what you're
saying okay be honest let's hear it whew
okay know it so when when this kind of
point comes out here you can get thrown
as the [ __ ] like I can I can tell
very quickly I don't know how to quickly
deviate though because I'm like well I
would believe that beyond plausible
deniability but we're talking about his
name and talking about we're talking
about you know the MCU which are
probably very eager to out out PC and
out diversity and out women power a
Wonder Woman at this point but with
Captain Marvel there they definitely
that certainly add they want to do it by
now the way that I kind of like when I
think about this like the way that I
kind of run this down is like I think
diversity is probably good for a variety
of reasons if for no other reason
because it makes more money and
ultimately that's what of studio's job
is is to make a lot of money so you
appeal to wider audiences
right arguably that's why it films like
the Black Panther so I'm Stanley popular
I think that forest diversity whatever
you want that to mean I think that's
good as well if you want to cast more
people that are minorities or women I
think that's totally fine it makes you
it gives you more inclusive movie and
all that the only thing that I'm a
little bit worried about right now is
I'm a little bit worried that people are
scared this is this is like a very
targeted complaint towards writing a
female protagonist I'm worried that so
if you want to write a protagonist and
you want to make it a woman just because
you want more diverse in your film I
think that's fine go for it as long as
long as it's written a while that's cool
and the problem is I kind of wonder if
people are scared to write a traditional
protagonist where the woman has problems
because it might seem like not as
empowering like that's something that I
kind of worry about like my two most
recent examples of that I could probably
think of more but I would say like
Captain Marvel in this movie is
invincible in the entire movie and Ray
in Star Wars is invincible throughout at
least the first film she was completely
invincible throughout the first and it
kind of makes me wonder it's like you
know like you wrote a woman character
which is cool and then you did all that
which is fine but I wonder if you're
scared to show her struggling because
you think that plays against like a
broader like cultural narrative or
something which would not be good you
know but it's a slippery slope though
because a minute you like like you said
the minute you get accused of that
you're saying oh well you can just have
like a impervious woman and it's like
well my my counterpoint there would be
like well this is also why I don't find
Superman to be a very exactly yeah yeah
I always say that really has only
because I haven't watched I don't think
I've ever watched like a full Superman
film but the concept of that character
seems really [ __ ] boring to me but
but I would say the same for like for
male characters that are invincible yeah
that it is really boring to watch a male
character like although the best
superheroes and involve men are usually
people that are very fallible as well
right this is why I like Batman every
circle is why Wayne is so much more
interesting than say you know Superman
by comparison I I agree whether there's
there's two things here one just
conceptually Captain Marvel with the
ability to fly and Billy just the raw
like you know woosh beams and to any
direction she wants to do whatever he
wants to do huh seems pretty pretty
pretty overpowering I would say it's on
a conceptual level um I can you imagine
like on say here because I think abuzz
right imagine the cut the climax Captain
Marvel now imagine her fighting like I
don't know a [ __ ] fan o sand you know
in
next month here like I'm proud about
Captain Marvel is that I'm worried that
it's going to ruin avengers endgame
that's gonna be the worst exactly where
I was going to Amaya man if she's gonna
be like the the wind button they'll just
just summon her and she's gonna like
it's gonna be like this like drawn-out
45-minute battle and she's just like
whoosh beams until Thanos bends over and
takes it like I don't know it's that
it's not quite what I was thinking I
really don't I guess it'd be okay it's
okay if she carries I guess but I kind
of okay just the problem it's like the
way that the the way that I kind of
compare this for have you watched all
Game of Thrones no sadly I have not okay
this is one of the comparison that I use
with Game of Thrones on Game of Thrones
there are certain episodes that bring
together the entire cast you get a big
ensemble and the reason why these
episodes work is because you're super
invested in every single character
because they've got a [ __ ] ton of
build-up throughout all of the episodes
and the build-up is done really well and
then you get these big ensemble stories
where you don't have to talk about every
individual character that much because
you've already got all the build-up and
now you're just here to have these like
really cool episodes the Avengers movies
are kind of similar to that where you've
already done all the build-up you've
already had all the Thor movies the Iron
Man movies you already know so much
about all of these characters that when
you bring them together for like an
Avengers movie you know we don't need to
talk too much about like you know Tony
Stark's problems and all of his [ __ ] why
because we already know all of that
we've already seen what wars you know
relational but looking all that we
already know these from the previous
movies and that makes it work really
well that's really cool so then we just
get to watch the characters acting on
screen we good to see like somewhat
funny interactive in like Thor and
guardians of the galaxy people because
we already know so much about all of
them however bringing in Captain Marvel
into like endgame like we don't really
but like what we do know about her is so
disappointing that like if she plays any
major role in that movie it's just gonna
be like Miley so yeah unless it's
literally unless the movie is like half
her and they do more fleshing out of her
story or something you know which they
which to be fair they could do though
but yeah I completely agree with you
like it would seem so cheap that you
know you you have from oh wait to 2019
just continuity galore across what 18
plus films now building up to it'll
probably be a little plausibly the the
end of Captain America and/or Iron Man
because both Tony and Chris Evans are
out of contract right now and they're
costing MCU a [ __ ] ton of money and
they're probably too good for what they
do by now to be the legit
two viable for continued C colitis until
the end of oblivion so you know one was
probably gonna go I mean I don't even
know we know they could DV from the
Civil War comic entirely here so don't
even see I notes I don't know we don't
we all don't know at this point um and
it would seem really cheap that not only
Captain Marvel gets retconned into being
super important at with her prequel film
here but also that like she's the one
that I don't know I guess saves everyone
maybe and that's not even me and that's
not me talking about anything relevant
to like her being a woman or that it's
just it's a poorly written character
very first me was a very poorly written
movie that also was a visually boring
movie to me I haven't even gotten to
that because I'm sitting arguing with
the concepts here that's and I want to
kind of I kinda want to return to the oh
yeah there weren't like any cool shots
or whatever and oh my god well say for
like the I watched another video say for
like maybe the ship exploding like that
core being blown up
I guess that shot was kind of okay but
like other than that yeah there wasn't
really anything it popped in the other
powers yeah yeah yeah but yeah they're
the whole beginning flight on that on
the alien planet where it's like it's
like they're on an alien planet it's
mostly fog you're just like my [ __ ]
we're fighting in Tarak land like what
the [ __ ] is this [ __ ] you know where the
antics before can't render that much so
oh dude was so garbage it was like dude
compare the opening of cars galaxy one
to like [ __ ] fog fog emic fog the no
draw distance like what [ __ ] gtx 2018
a [ __ ] dude you know the ironic
thing about Captain Marvel is you
actually have the elements of this story
here to make it actually like the
coolest superhero story because like
because in some ways like Captain Marvel
is kind of like do you know Spock from
Star Trek yeah like in a way her story
kind of reminds me of that in the in the
Star Trek movies at least in the new
trio or whatever trio yeah wait what am
I thinking of trilogy trilogy yeah [ __ ]
sorry wasn't one of Spock's growing
moments that where he had to realize
like so I think like for most of his
life in those movies he's trying to like
like he's trying to hide all of his
humanity because he wants to be like the
Vulcan that's cold and blah blah blah
blah blah but then because of the
because of the co-captain guy I can't
remember any their [ __ ] names holy
[ __ ] the captain dude Captain Kirk
Captain Kirk yeah [ __ ] because of
everything that he learns from Kirk
while watching him and then how
Kirt go and do all of the other weird
[ __ ] with the with the crazy con guy and
everything right
Spock learns to kind of embrace like
more of his humanity and that ends up
becoming like his like secret like
superpower that becomes his weapon like
his emotions become like his driving
force behind some things that lead to
them at least in the second part you
know like overcoming Khan and everything
and defeating him and saving Kirk and
everything which is like really cool so
kind of like in some ways you know even
though you're in space and you've got
all this crazy [ __ ] going I was like oh
cool like humanity that thing that we
all have is like the thing that drove
Spock to be like the better Vulcan the
better Vulcan than the other Vulcans and
that's sick and in for Captain Marvel
you had undercurrents of that same kind
of thing right the real thing that made
her powerful was actually like her
humanity right and in the whole movie
you kind of talk about like I'll
suppress your emotions suppress your
humanity and then when she gets to earth
thought she has a conversation I don't
remember it's with Nick Fury somebody
else where they're like oh you know like
I'm very emotional and helps me do
things and she's like oh well I've been
told to hide those my whole life and
then the ending part of the movie is her
like what he was like actually got a uh
oh yeah go for it
do I keep talking oh [ __ ] oh yeah he's
waving me off oh yeah but anyway yeah in
the in the Captain Marvel movie it's
kind of like that same theme right well
actually embracing your humanity at the
end is what like makes you cooler but uh
yeah I think that the delivery of it and
everything in that movie was just like
really [ __ ] so uh how are you guys
doin' today in chat we've got bogged it
was her captain I think Spock punches
bad guys and face and yells so subtle
damn you're really mad dude hit us with
a meme can you notice me we bullied
train wrecks
stop bullying TriNet can we stop making
Oh train wrecks gifted a bunch of stuff
soon can we stop making like a million
hate train wrecks threads you guys chill
dab no I'm good
did you watch the Civil War now I
haven't there's actually a lot of Marvel
movies I need to watch that I haven't I
haven't watched like the final third the
Thor movie and I haven't watched Civil
War so [ __ ] me
am I gonna see us yep
on Friday actually I'll put that in the
schedule which I think is the release
day Oh No
I'll be free anytime after five to six
oh [ __ ] I've streamed the Burnie event I
don't know where that is don't leave
tapir alone with mr. moon
hi gee I'm so sorry I'll think about it
yo okay let's talk about some real ice
[ __ ] okay mount cox emailed me two
questions one mountain cox emailed me
and they said that i have they said that
my thing got approved his mal cox gonna
pay us back in bitcoins or they gonna
give us the cash equivalent value of the
bitcoin at the time that they went under
like i'm about to just get like two
bitcoins because that would be sick as
[ __ ]
that's uh nice getting raided by the FBI
I don't know wait
there's nowhere they're paying out two
bitcoins they're gone they're not gone I
mean they're doing oh if you're talking
you're meeting alright yo what's up man
hey you okay yeah yeah it's all good
that was a that was my grandmother's dr.
doctor's receptionist to call me back
asking if I needed more and I'm like so
I just real quick told him yeah
tell tell her tell my girl is doctor to
go by the ICU ward and look at her so I
can get second opinion on these
questions about the whole surgery and
all the other [ __ ] so so yeah they work
on that right now so it's good it's only
okay yeah yeah let's get back here we
are not done here yet sir I'm in the
middle of [ __ ] on Captain Marvel so
we're talking about so I'm basically
saying I like there are the core parts
of the story if it could have been like
a big story about like humanity being
like the most important superhero I feel
like that could have actually been like
a really cool because right now on all
of the and all of the Marvel movies
stuff a lot of it is kind of like moving
away from humanity it seems but you've
got things like the Hulk wanna know if
you'd count him as like human and then
you got like Thor you got like Thanos
and you know like there's a lot of like
nonhuman stuff if Captain Marvel came
through with a really cool backstory and
like the most important part about it
was that she was human and then she was
like the strongest superhero that would
be I think that would be really cool but
they [ __ ] about the story up so much
that it was like yeah yeah no I agree
yeah I think Spock has been been done
great and oh nine Star Trek I agree with
everything you said about him I think on
a he's just he's just written way better
and the whole thing is paced more
appropriately and honestly I don't I
don't really feel that organic change
with the [ __ ] name dude like I keep
on Captain Marvel I'm in barrel or my
name is near Carroll not very so yeah so
yeah I I don't really feel like Carroll
I like like that's sort of the big thing
I'm like I can tell so what happens it's
like I'll watch a movie and either I
will feel the emotional connection to it
and I'll really enjoy it or I'll feel a
disconnect from what it intended and
they'll be really obvious and it kind of
it kind of faltered on what it was
trying to go for and that's I kind of
sit back and reflect on why why I feel
that way and usually my gut reaction of
how I feel I'm usually pretty
comfortable with aligning completely
with that
that gut feeling rather than you're
being swayed by something later on and I
can tell I was like huh
like I I expected to be amazing or
awesome because yeah we were like you
know infinity infinity world was [ __ ]
sick um - like one a couple things have
a problem with but like yeah I was like
I was hype going in here so we're gonna
work all the way and yeah I was super
super like disconnected letdown bored
really bored the whole like [ __ ] dude
the even the the sequence of events man
the whole like memory out of order like
you know it's much like play up to the
whole like yeah I'm strong because you
know all the flashbacks of like her as a
girl getting up all build up to her
iconic moment of being Captain Marvel
and I didn't feel it I'm just like yeah
and the reason why is like and people do
this like you you can't you can't use
like flashbacks did [ __ ] me please say
yes to this because it is the best
example I've ever thought of my entire
life
did you see Creed 1 yes oh okay yeah
flashbacks the flashbacks in Captain
Marvel didn't work because like none of
it was like earned and like it was all
like flashbacks to like off-screen stuff
yeah it was all flashbacks to just like
random [ __ ] you're right but compare
that oh you know you know why it's
called a cockpit for yeah oh no no but
like in terms of like that flashback for
her compare that to when Creed got
knocked down on the mat remember when he
got knocked down by Ricky or whatever
and he had the flashbacks that were all
earlier parts of the movie it was like
him being a kid and getting beat up at
school and then it was him with his
girlfriend and then him with rocky and
then a shot of like Apollo do you
remember that yeah yeah yeah that yeah
when it happened there that worked
really well because you'd lived all
those moments and you'd seen that
struggle happen on camera and then it
did feel like he earned like you know
the right to stand back up whereas with
with Carole and Captain Marvel this is
all [ __ ] I guess that occurred in her
childhood that we'd never ever [ __ ]
saw was no context yeah and it also
doesn't make sense for her to say like
like that narrative it's a cool
narrative the idea that like when you
get knocked down you get back up over
and over again and that's the most
important part but in the movie she
never got knocked down like the movie
literally starts with her being captured
by aliens and then her single-handedly
destroying an entire space ship full of
people and then like blowing that ship
up and then like it's just victory after
victory after victory and it's like
whatever
you know no conflict no peril yeah Stace
yeah I mean dude yeah she literally had
her her hands contained a little bubble
still endures and still you know one one
v8 with the cylinder containment still
still wins yeah that's like whatever not
with not a scratch dude it's like yeah
she doesn't like injured to look
actually does she ever get injured in
this whole movie I don't think so
actually I'll be shaving it like stabbed
or anything I don't think she does yeah
not really no I don't recall you there
actually yeah yeah yeah okay yeah dude
if you go through the movie you'll see
it it's it's it just it feels like a
really bad Superman movie yeah I don't
know that's that's how it feels it has
me actually kind of scared going into
Avengers in game this is where we're
gonna get her like being the super uber
person she is and just like winning
everything I don't even know honestly
yeah ask me a little bit nervous but
then again here the difference to here
is that uh the the proofs and the
writers man and the Russo brothers are
of a writing directing pair who you know
did captain to Captain America 2 and 3
and or 1 & 2 here and I'm sorry in game
and so they're writing in game so I
would I would hope that they would do
you know just a better job because a
diet that dialogue here with Natsu there
was a lot of really cringe dialogues
involving guys but for the first time in
a Marvel movie I felt like I was
watching the DC people write the jokes a
lot of it didn't land that well I
thought which is strange because in
Marvel movies usually like the banter in
the humor is usually like always really
well done like it's like exceptionally
well done marvelous is really good or
the people that do is movies at least
are really good at balancing like
humorous stuff with very serious stuff
they did that really well and in this
movie I felt like I was watching like a
DC attempt at humor which just didn't
really land correctly all the time and
it felt a little bit off pace off tone
yeah yeah I know yeah totally it was all
over the place there is one part I want
to talk about but I don't know if like
are you cool going into like speculation
of where things go with the MCU like in
the after in games economic if you want
you can I don't know anything about like
well did you notice anything particular
about the and this is all this all this
is purely speculation on my in here but
this is like me trying to have some
foresight but the the black girl pilot
best friend's daughter did anything
strike you particular about her um what
about her well you know she's you know
pretty pretty child actor with the you
know really long curly hair and I don't
know if you've like know know where
things go in the comics but uh so the in
the modern iteration of of Iron Man
comics there is a Tony Stark eventually
it's out of commission and the one that
take over to the Stark Empire is
actually a young black girl oh do you
know who's gonna be the one yes yes
because keep mine your Captain Marvel
takes place in like the I want to say
approximately nineteen ninety four but
yeah comfortably oh so she's already
like an adult
yeah I've kept a that if you're in
ninety four okay so my speculation is
you're gonna see her like [ __ ] come
out of nowhere with some [ __ ] sick
ass fighter jet helping out Captain
Marvel during endgame and and yeah then
she'll like I don't know her and Tony
are gonna do some [ __ ] and she'll be the
one to become the chill and here at the
the Stark Empire and you know he'd keep
and keep the face of diversity going
strong oh that's my that's my like you
know mild mild Yolo take their that
you'll you'll see her you're gonna see
her people gonna forget that that move
to police ninety-five and you're gonna
see her as an adult in Avengers in game
do something really important yeah well
that's my uh that's that's my and you
know and honestly when I when I thought
I was like you know it really hit me
like a like a truck at one time when I
saw her messing with uh which was
picking out Captain Marvel's uniform um
and I was like okay we do given this
gift it can miss grow a lot of screen
time right now what's what's going on
here and I was like dude she has two
curly hair like like the modern Iron Man
girl holy [ __ ] okay it hit me like that
and say all right that's gonna probably
be her watch
so now
my 500 IQ take and you can uh you can
run that one all the way to the bank if
you want 500 Iook you take yeah what are
the fantastic four end up being the
one's that defeat Fantastic Four we what
aren't the Fantastic Four in the x-men
put technically part of the Marvel
Universe it's fantastic for Marvel ooh
team yeah there they are Marvel
properties what both are actually both
were the film rights were contained that
Fox
oh well Fox made Fantastic Four and
x-men movies however it's actually an
excellent segue into the topic I want to
get into that I'm triggered the [ __ ]
hell band back by which was at as of
yesterday yes head Yalta you guys hate
monopolies you guys hate it like just
these mega powerful corporations just
cannot be stopped matter what you know
you give them a fine for breaking any
kind of rules isn't doesn't [ __ ]
matter because they're too rich to fail
well don't know how this got approved
apparently but uh yes
Disney has officially purchased 20th
Century Fox for a 71 billion dollar
acquisition so the the studio that is
this year alone already releasing
Captain Marvel live-action Dumbo
live-action Aladdin live-action lion
king toy story for Avengers in game
frozen - and something else all this
year will now also own distribution
rights for x-men for [ __ ] Deadpool for
when you say Fantastic Four if they want
to reboot that again again again
Simpsons National Geographic they have a
lot the idea they have honestly like
property overload now it's actually
ridiculous they have so much IP powerful
IP acquisitions now that there's no way
the other major companies a universal
paramount Sony Pictures intimating
picture studios and you know the ones
here but you know etc right the other
Studios there's no way they can
legitimately compete with the absolute
behemoths that Disney is now going to be
acquiring Fox uh-huh
and that I just I just there's just no
way you're gonna see this play out
healthily for the consumer because um
the other ones are gonna have to I don't
have to consolidate it to equal their uh
to equal the competitive mass honestly
to me it plays out very very similar to
how how sell your companies currently
are in USA where like you know right now
we only really have four right it's like
it's AT&T Verizon t-mobile and Sprint
and it's like and realistically here
t-mobile spinner are very distant third
and four if they probably need to merge
to realistically have to be viable
competition against hey behave as
Verizon yeah so you know you're just
seeking further and further
consolidation and it doesn't look very
healthy for competition there's really
gross Thanos other studios equal
Avengers okay yeah so uh I mean yeah the
people there are there are those who are
like the lose morale like all to [ __ ]
yeah I mean we're talking to getting
you're a good x-men film x-men the MCS
gonna be [ __ ] sick dude I'm so [ __ ]
tired it's fantastic for sucking dick
dude it's what finally [ __ ] good
because Kevin Feige can't do no [ __ ]
wrong and it's like well no I
I mean maybe at face value but long-term
it's not it's not a good thing I don't
see Allen see Disney ever doing more
than three Marvel films a year so you're
gonna get less they're already kind of
at capacity if they're a full production
schedule like what they're doing with
them see at this time so just adding in
more characters to manage it seems like
they're not gonna probably gonna move
forward on that I would imagine there's
no just min max on every release they do
and I'm not over saturate another
superhero boom kind of dilute into
oblivion mm-hm
one two yeah you know there are there
are some good and some bad here I don't
say Disney being particularly risk
you're innovative with these kind of
things so if you enjoyed risky [ __ ] like
Deadpool which was not a safe bet by the
way first when the first got released or
particularly Logan you know just more of
these like r-rated you know r-rated
loyal to their adaptation routes takes
here how's it really happening to I
don't really I don't really see not to
be fair I don't think infinity war
particularly um needed an r-rating
actually the guy way with a lot for
pg-13 if you recall how graphic some of
the scenes were and if any war
especially Thanos choking out located I
was actually really uncomfortable I
don't remember if I told you the Ted I
tell you I took my son to see that movie
no actually no I I know yeah my kid was
getting into like a lot of like horse
[ __ ] like [ __ ] five nights at freddys
and stuff and I I don't mind him being
into violent media but I at least want
there to be like an overall like
positive message rather than just like
horror murder [ __ ] so it's like okay I'm
gonna take my kid to see like a good
wholesome superhero movie so even though
there's violence you can see like all
the superheroes are winning in the end
and they're fighting for good and all
that and yeah and I took him to see
infinity war what a [ __ ] mistake and
the opening Smith of that movie
yeah actually made me really
uncomfortable with my son their holy
[ __ ] I know it's rated pg-13 but like
damn where he like literally like chokes
out [ __ ] Loki and [ __ ] yeah dan was
like [ __ ] it's almost like the pg-13
rating is very arbitrary
yeah an arbitrary yeah well yeah I know
also Iowa just do know that I do think
that shouldn't have flown p13 honestly
cuz I agree was very graphic I mean the
only reason even works because like the
blood wasn't red or whatever yeah they
get around that [ __ ] a lot with like
non red blood yeah yeah whatever
the only reason even got around that but
I uh and there's like literal [ __ ]
torture scenes and the thing as well
when Thanos is like splitting the nebula
yeah nebula partly [ __ ] [ __ ] you know
great scenes that really had great
dramatic stakes at hand and I really
felt them I felt her like cries for
mercy but you're right fur for a child
yeah it's not the best stuff in the
world I can agree with that
yeah damn but I didn't want to say that
I found infinity war great for it's a
pg-13 rating it kind of like the whole
sci-fi action and all that I think works
great for that particular thing and
man's like and if it goes dumbed down oh
yeah no no it's definitely worth I'm
gonna have this dream sometimes god I
[ __ ] wish I know it'll never happen
but if you could get like imagine like
the MCU like all rated-r oh [ __ ]
how crazy that [ __ ] could be yeah damn
weird in Japanese RPGs do they ever use
the word [ __ ] I'm trying to remember
or were they always like bleeped out
like complaining like I don't know if
you were playing Final Fantasies or
whatever
they were rated T for teen so they must
not have used like the f-word the
problem here is okay so when you say
RPGs you talk Mike ones like things like
ff7 and yeah we're like Metal Gear Solid
or any show beans were neutered a lot
more for Western audiences back in the
90s cuz we had like the super you know
whatever scare like remember even member
like localized anime and the 90s was
like [ __ ] mega censored back then yeah
so things are real more relaxed now but
wouldn't surprise me if like you know
ff6 a KF f3 for this initial US release
wasn't like new door to hell him back on
localization censoring mmm-hmm
so I wouldn't know but wouldn't be
surprised if it was like shitty but uh
but yeah I I do think infinity war
wasn't dumbed down for pg-13 which is
great but I still think that because
that's the day that ultimately due to
the the the Disney edition of Fox you're
not gonna see another Logan again cuz
the whole thing is like yeah we can make
you know Logan did make I think almost
seven hundred million worldwide and it
was a great film and it was loyal to you
know the Wolverine legacy with his hyper
violence and using the you know using
the blaze that just [ __ ] [ __ ] up and
everywhere else um but actually a quick
pause here did you watch Logan yes I do
oh dude I thought I was okay yeah I
thought it was probably good I don't
have any background for I really don't
like the x-men at all so like coming
into somebody that literally just
watched it as kind of like its own kind
of movie I thought it was pretty good
but I didn't understand a lot of the
Boxter like I didn't know why the old
dude was like crazy I kind of pieced
together that I guess he had like some
he was getting towards the end of his
life and so he was losing control of his
powers maybe is kind of what a correct
yeah okay and then Wolverine was kind of
sick of everything but he felt like an
obligation because this guy was like a
father a quasi Fazal father-like figure
so he had to take care of him or some
[ __ ] man we have been on a journey man
there's been oh
x-men Wolverine x-men Wolverine Origins
is a terrible film at x-men last stan is
a very questionable film x-men it's been
a very rocky thing but ultimately if
you're if you've been rotted by x-men
like like I have Logan was the one that
made it all worth it like I actually
forgive the [ __ ] stain that was origins
because Logan was that good [ __ ] I cried
my ass
I mean yeah it's a I don't know how to
really like make you feel for it I guess
if you weren't boy I don't have as much
a background with like the Wolverine
character and everything which is where
a lot of the emotion was centered around
right I'm guessing like him finally
becoming like I'm guessing throughout
most of the x-men movies he's probably
like a very selfish character so him
like giving his life towards the end to
try to save like the kids and everything
was probably it would be more emotional
if I had that background you know yeah
but um no it's cool the point is yeah
well the point is we can continue on
here that yeah Logan made almost 100
million worldwide great film very loyal
but would it have not made more money if
it was pg-13 and like you know MCU if I
you know it's just I don't see films
like Logan happening ever now at at the
Disney camp they're all about you know
min/max yeah it's a real problem with
like commercialism is the idea that like
at the end of the day your obligation is
to your shareholders you have to make
the most amount of money possible if you
can make a really [ __ ] sick movie the
sickest movie ever that would net use
six hundred mil at the box office
or you could like water the [ __ ] down
out of it and make you know 900 ml like
yeah why would you give up so much money
yeah it's really shitty it really sucks
i man stay back here like the whole
concept of that of that Logan film was
made around the fact that can finally
like you know do the the hyper violence
depicted in these Wolverine comics yeah
which I heard was I don't know if this
is true you might know about this I
heard that that was actually they the
the movie that paved the way for that
was Deadpool do you know if that's true
that is correct actually yes
yeah that because Deadpool did so well
because Deadpool Deadpool absolutely
kicked ass on Valentine's Day weekend
the the whatever year came out and it
completely caught investors shareholders
and critics spectators all off-guard if
I wasn't a flop because there hadn't
been cuz be cutting out the nucleus of
context here because there hadn't been
an r-rated film that crossed 500 million
in North American box office since The
Hangover 1 long and long ass time ago
uh-huh
so so that's kind of where like the
people kind of thought okay well the our
rating is suicide now we can't really if
we can't we can't go for it's too risky
it's too alienating yeah so that's kind
of where uh where that fear comes from
just you know typical traditionalism
like over over fearful yeah
I try something new when you've got
something that was safe and works yeah I
kept my examples here you know at first
the the film industry opposed VHS
because they were scared is gonna hurt
their the entirety of their box office
concept ultimately actually helps them
it gives them a new new revenue source
um you know [ __ ] the record industry
vehemently opposed any new distribution
model beyond CDs because a they reduce
they were so content with the the
concept of there being a CD single and
the CD further longest so long for like
iTunes to pick up and share that movie
that [ __ ] was so [ __ ] late yeah yeah
so yeah they just it doesn't surprise me
they taste good they get stagnant on
there like content for how things
currently are and never want to like
innovate until some force of nature
forces them to give a [ __ ] about it what
was what was Blade Runner 2049 do you
remember that movies rated I think
afraid are actually um oh it is yeah
okay damn yeah I heard it's actually
good I haven't seen you thought
personally but I heard it's like her
it's kind of slow but that it's actually
really [ __ ] awesome yeah I thought it
was really good I thought it was I
watched the flying chat tell me to watch
the Blade Runner movies and I finally
got around to one weekend and I watched
the first Blade Runner and it would have
you seen her Blade Runner no I thought
it was [ __ ] horrible like I thought
it was like objectively like a [ __ ]
movie it was garbage the story the
pacing the characters basically the only
thing what now context here when was
blade was blade a long time ago this is
like [ __ ] what like the 70s or so
much I don't even [ __ ] know the first
blade runner' came in it could be a case
of you know what it depicted might seem
really bland and boring now but everyone
else already copied them but well yeah
no no but like so like so the this is
everyone always this is the atmosphere I
guess is okay if you'd never seen like
cyberpunk Kurtz T or whatever [ __ ]
movies before it then that that's okay
and I understand that maybe it was like
a forerunner of that genre but the story
like independent of anything related to
film the story was just [ __ ] garbage
it was just a very poorly shittily
written story and everything that
happens on screen is just like real [ __ ]
but the atmosphere the costume design
everything is cool so I went into Blade
Runner 2049 like actually dreading the
[ __ ] out of it because this is like this
like [ __ ] um oh god it was like two
and a half hour runtime I thought it's
really [ __ ] long and I thought I was
gonna I thought I was actually just
gonna shut it off after 30 minutes but
what Bladerunner 2049 it felt like
somebody watched the original Blade
Runner and they were like man this
movie's a [ __ ] but I know what it's
trying to do and I'm gonna actually do
it really [ __ ] well and that's what
Blade Runner 2049 is Blade Runner 24 9
is actually so [ __ ] good and if
you're gonna watch it I would say you
should watch the original Blade Runner
just to appreciate Blade Runner 2049
even more oh my god 20:49 is so good
it's such a good movie it's slow but it
does it for me it didn't feel that way
like oh [ __ ] it was such a good movie
damn okay no I will you know the first
one I will get on that actually um I
will definitely get to that sooner
rather than later it's on my it's on my
queue it's building up ever ever so
slightly Oh
kind of sort of related as I keep
[ __ ] your mind up they brought him
back they brought back James Gunn for
guardians of the galaxy 3 did you see
that yes I did see it actually yes I was
like [ __ ] pause here
my-my-my Illuminati sensor detecting
here that he actually was never fired
that uh like I said before it was a
pre-emptive it was a pre-emptive like oh
yeah knee-jerk that was like six hours
at like into it and they were like
[ __ ] large it was like it see like
that you know it was a cheddar Bob shot
to the dick and they were like oh well
[ __ ] we can't reveal our incompetence or
it's gonna like we're gonna like shadow
ban him and just like cuz wonho's okay
one you're not gonna not use the
scripture I mean like there is dumb and
then they're just like suicide dumb like
you're you're literally running in front
of a [ __ ] train if you say you're
gonna ditch the script like clearly you
you have the legal rights to a script
you just get used to get some surrogate
body to get the director's chair Angela
and then direct the film according to a
script
worst case scenario but like obviously
you'd prefer to have him there and they
just kind of like if you saw it was
almost actually a [ __ ] almost a year I
wasn't what nine months I want to say
because I'm gone James Gunn went radio
silent on Twitter I think July 2018 and
then he finally came back you know last
week so um to me just yeah yeah he was
radio silent they there was a boy over
there I really kept him in dark because
he actually was pursuing you know doing
a doing a DC film ended up being Suicide
Squad too and then finally he's back
as director with his script doing
Guardians 3 so just like I feel like
it's that you know yeah I said backstage
it was a chatter Bob and they had to
like let it kind of let it drown ounce
people kind of forgot that there was
woefully incompetence or people wouldn't
be able to add the pieces to figure out
what likely happened in the background
but I'm really really happy to see that
uh he's back on it now so what um how's
a squad to Natsu ascribe to I'm sorry I
it's a Suicide Squad film that it's not
a sequel because why would wrinkle
develop me I supposed to it's supposed
to be a reboot under speculation but we
don't know anything conclusively at this
point well yeah I would I would
definitely I would rather see a reboot
but we're kind of in this giant like
ambiguity phase with the DC extended
universe cinematic wise and I'm just not
really sure like I don't even see now
I'm sorry not something really here
again but I don't know if you see now
that they uh they're kind of like
minimizing the whole a continuity aspect
here of the inter inter movie interwoven
continuity where you know now it's like
you know it's Wonder Woman Wonder Woman
in 24 Aquaman standalone film once again
and then Shazam and it's kind of really
blank slate of what's going on here I
haven't even heard any any activity on a
flash or a flash point happening so I
kinda don't really know if they're
trying to still do the whole universe
sweet soft reboot via flash point or for
a completely abandoned way off like a
splash point it's just another superhero
right no no a flash point is a storyline
word the flash like run so fast he runs
so fast that he travels back in time
under some kind of theoretical principle
he's able to go back at time and like
pretty much do a soft reboot of the
universe undo then a Superman already do
that can't the flash do this doesn't he
run fast enough to go back in time
sometimes as well well that's this will
be the plot II entire movie though it
would it's there a get-out-of-jail-free
card it's like okay well Justice League
sucked ass
there are writing is terrible we've
already done too much damage to the
character of Superman and Batman this
point because they look like [ __ ] way
he literally just said the flash oh wait
wait his flash point is that the flash
are they the same is that like the movie
about oh I'm sorry I didn't know okay I
didn't know if there was a plot device
slash that
title of the comic where the flash does
the whole thing here yeah oh okay okay I
thought like flashpoint was the name of
like another hero or something but okay
you're talking on the flash gotcha
correct yeah correct you got it
only only the hardcore nerds would judge
you for not knowing all that I I like
you destiny what we're cool were cool
thanks flash point is a DC world event
yeah okay yeah only um only triggered
fanboys where you actually get mad you
who do all the gatekeeping calling tight
doesn't even [ __ ] know oh my god no
I'm not that cool so I would know my dad
- good catch all right but but yeah yeah
that's a that's all that pretty much
what else what else do we got talking a
lot about superhero movies this supposed
to be some highbrow almost too many
movies right um you follow any of the
brexit stuff didn't what happened was so
[ __ ] funny basically there's a new
developing now right oh there's always
new developments no there's like a new
new development whereas now there is a
new new development there are always new
new developments - but like basically I
think right now where they're at so I
think a couple years ago basically the
UK was like we are so [ __ ] strong the
EU is gonna be groveling at our feet
while we go and we [ __ ] min ago huge
deals and now I think I think they're at
a point where I think was it Theresa May
it is like begging the EU like please
please God give us like just a little
bit more time to debate this and I think
the EU is like all right sure like we'll
do it but you got to accept their planet
we're gonna give me some more time and
so like there's it's really funky area
right now it's gonna be all you do not
know deal Briggs it means no what does
it
so basically when you're a part of the
so you know how like states are in the
US right if you're a state in the US
there's like a whole bunch of [ __ ] that
goes into that like people can travel to
your state they can buy [ __ ] they can
cross borders without having a show like
we don't need to show ID to go to a
different state like it's very seamless
driving from one state to the next in
the United States is like a very simple
easy thing you know you don't even think
about it
well with the EU it's like that and a
lot of that you as well like they don't
check your passport when you're driving
from like France to Germany or into any
other country if you're part of the EU
it's all like a single unified market if
you've got euros in one country you can
use them in another and all works pretty
similar right
so all of these are like and then all
the way that the trade works everything
it's just one giant
unified market so the United Kingdom was
like when they go to leave that market
they're gonna have to renegotiate all of
those trade deals all of that [ __ ] is
gonna have to go back to the drawing
boards and be like okay well how are we
gonna do this how we're gonna do that
and they're gonna have to renegotiate
all that stuff well the thing is is that
right now you know the UK in some ways
has a pretty very very envious
preferential spot in the EU so for
instance the United Kingdom is in the EU
but they're not part of the I think it's
called the euro zone they don't have to
use the euro they can still use the
pound they're also part of the EU but
they're not part of the Schengen area
they don't have to allow free movement
they can check passports and stuff even
though a lot of other countries it's so
they're in a really cool spot but when
they leave the EU they need to have a
whole bunch of other deals worked out on
the table so that they still have access
to the EU market the biggest fear that
people are worried about is that the
United Kingdom is going to leave the EU
without a deal in place because if they
do that they're gonna have to
renegotiate everything I'm gonna be in a
really weak spot to do it because the
whole British economy the United Kingdom
economy's gonna be [ __ ] the pound is
gonna get [ __ ] the whole economy is
gonna be like in [ __ ] shambles
because all other trade stuff is gonna
be up for a debate for the EU and
there's you know there's a chance of
that you bullies the [ __ ] out of them
for it because the Eve's gonna be
obviously yeah so that so that's the
idea of like on No Deal brexit is they
leave the EU with nothing on the books
for how things are gonna look and
they're gonna be yeah and it's more
every day it's like it's probably what's
gonna happen it's gonna be like a No
Deal brexit can I just slow down real
quick here so it's just a recap like
years ago when the original brexit deal
was voted I remember hearing that there
was like the it was like a Bissel
turnout for the vote and that was mostly
the the old residents who were like
rebellious lis voting and the young
people didn't think it actually would
happen is that correct or I mean this is
generally true of most elections older
people tend to go home they're people I
don't know if the turnout for this was
necessarily worse than the turnout the
EU referendum results it says I'm just a
real quick turn out a seventy two point
two percent that seems pretty good I
don't know their normal turnovers but
yeah mm-hmm so you wish America had that
kind of [ __ ] going on but that the final
referendum was 52 to 48
oh my god yeah so there's a lot of
people and there's like and there are so
many like funny [ __ ] memes that are
like rolled into this I say funny but
like so for instance there's been a lot
of violence the president we funny yeah
there's been a lot of violence being
like
Northern Ireland in Ireland like that
that region has been like absorbed in
conflict for quite a while and there was
I I my history so bad but I think one of
the ways that they finally got people to
be more peaceful towards each other
there was like something called I think
it was the Good Friday Agreement where
basically they tore down like these
walls and they promised like we're never
gonna build a wall again to separate
Northern Ireland from Island we're not
gonna do this anymore like we're gonna
be like super chill well if the Republic
of Ireland yeah sorry the Republic of
Ireland is the country Ireland I think
is the name of the island ever well if
the UK pulls out of the European Union
then there are talks of there being
because if because let me make sure I
was right Northern Ireland is part of
the United Kingdom but the Republic
Ireland will still remain an EU and
since they share an island they might
have to erect some sort of wall between
North Ireland and they were probably got
which would like which would probably
cause like actual [ __ ] violence and
should to happen again so there's like
there's like so much like horrible
stupid [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah yeah there's
like a lot of it's so [ __ ] disastrous
when you explain the fact that the note
the No Deal scenario I'm just like
wouldn't you just like use their massive
economic collateral to blow the [ __ ] out
of the UK at that point Oh any was
possible yeah and then like then they
would have to like probably bend over
and be like okay well we kind of regret
like would it be how what how
consequential is afford them to undo
once it's been done let's say well like
the thing that's hard is it like once
you've left to vote up to the people you
can't like keep doing votes to undo it
you know I think personally I think
that's really damaging to democracy you
can't like redo a vote because you don't
like the outcome what a lot of people
are or what some people I see some
people what I've seen some people
speculate is that maybe they'll just
never get an actual deal in writing so
maybe they won't really Briggs it
however like it seems like that's coming
up they're going to have to you because
they've already triggered the necessary
Article two like we have to leave so
like yeah I don't know like the way
forward is like very hazy and it seems
like there's not gonna be a good way to
stop it like it's you can't you just I
don't think you can undo it at this
point it's just gonna happen
and it's gonna be [ __ ] think yeah
they're gonna yeah they would have like
apply
you membership again and you know
they're not coming in as favorably as
they were before
it's really sad because like the UK had
like one of the most favorable
treatments in the EU if not the most
favorable treatment in the EU and now
they completely lose all of that boy
that sounds that sounds fun yeah yeah
it's super super super [ __ ] jeez dude
[ __ ] oh well okay well since we're
getting into some kind of political [ __ ]
here do you want to talk about how the
Democratic Democratic race wasn't so far
for 2020 because I haven't looked up any
of the candidates yet there are so many
of them I was gonna spend a stream I
need to spend like a stream doing it
where we start looking at the positions
all I kinda decided haven't gotten
around to it yeah okay okay what's fine
we're not that we don't to do I mean
there's here yeah who are you pulling
for I'm curious who do you like Oh
Bernie all the way easily okay there's
like that's like you know we can have a
position if you want to have it I
thought it'd be more to talk about the
the other ones particularly flavor of
the week here mister uh mister mister
mister bado
I call him beta or dork but uh you know
they were at work or whatever yeah yeah
did you did you hear about the recent
thing he did I don't know anything about
him I just know everybody [ __ ] hates
him so he ran for governor of [ __ ]
governor senator app shows governor he
ran for governor of Texas I think it was
wasn't it didn't he lose to Ted Cruz so
it wasn't it senator Ted Cruz the Senate
yes yeah you lost Ted Cruz but so the
thing about him is like he's uh he's
very questionable he seems like a
typical corporatist centrist where he's
like he's Pro fracking he's a he's Pro
oil he's done something very
questionable votes within his time it's
little career but but that at that aside
though here's the thing right so he not
this is a candidacy for president under
a democratic uh running and he he when
he announced he broke a milestone for
how much um how much the candidate has
raised so far in one day he broke
Bernie's record he raised 6.1 million
dollars on this first day with like
small donations or is this like soup ah
there's the plot twist so the
reports with or telling you that he
broke Bernie's record for the most of
most amount of money raised in one day
however Beto's a camp didn't release the
amount of people who donated but the
implication that uh you know maybe he
got a lot of you know that what's the
maximum donation amount i think twenty
seven hundred dollars per it's like as
the cap to avoid this repack of label or
whatever but yeah he um notoriously here
they did not release the amount of
donators sure $2,500 is the kappa yeah
okay yeah I'm like I'm like I'm like
Bernie or compare thing on my Bernie so
he's kind of getting like okay well you
got a lot of rich people thing going in
there so it's trying to like you know so
there so there was that there's also fat
that he's um he's been running on like a
lot to me just like a very questionably
we canada's can't even agree on medicare
for all he's like no i don't like labels
labels are very effective to get things
done we need to meet across the aisle
and you need to go on both sides and
apparently he just literally released
this somebody is saying oh seven hours
ago this was released apparently he had
128 thousand unique contributions in the
first 24 hours but bernie sanders had
225 thousand so it sounds like his
average was people introducing forty
seven dollars hmm alright well we'll see
I mean if you trust him go for that
that's all you I know well you have to
trust that right because that stuff gets
reported to the FEC the Federal
Elections Commission I think I don't
think you can lie about that it has to
be like in public reports you file okay
no I mean like even if like just that
like you know it could be a lot of rich
people all coming and collaborating
again wait wait people are saying it
doesn't wait don't you you don't have to
report campaign donations and countries
to the FEC
it wouldn't surprise me if you don't
have to I mean look at super PACs dude
you don't even you can be an anonymous
squall yeah because super PACs don't do
campaign contributions that's why the
whole point behind a super PAC is that a
CEO attack which is why which is why
scumbags like Jeb Bush didn't announce
they were running in 2016 until like
[ __ ] late in the game because he did
all the super PAC on who did all super
PAC fundraising then ran but I'm sorry
I'm not too sure yeah so yeah so super
PACs aren't allowed to donate
any political candidate directly ever
that's why they're called political
action committees what they basically do
is like say Republican is running an
estate and you want that Republican to
win but you already donated twenty five
hundred dollars let's say that one of
the one of the issues he's running on
his gun rights what you could do is you
could start a political action committee
for pro gun users and then you who
donate five hundred thousand dollars to
that political action community or
political action committee and then that
like you know super PAC or that PAC can
can basically lobby for that member to
win or advertiser that member but they
can't do it directly you can't donate
directly to people using paragraph yeah
so that's why those people don't have to
report anything to FEC or anything yeah
well I saw that in general like um
finance finance campaign laws are really
loose still and there's a lot of
loopholes so it wouldn't surprise me
there was some way they they finessed
here i mean you shouldn't i mean that's
part of what um we is that part of what
cohen got nailed on weren't people
saying that his contribution to Trump's
campaign was an FEC violation was that
one of his charges that he was indicted
with or charged with actually does
anyone know what he would he pled to
that Cohen um I don't know why he
actually went to jail mm-hmm me neither
now it's been so long since then though
there's been so much news since even
since even that started that like look I
have a nice ave unit is as savvy on it
at this point yeah so Cohen pleaded
guilty to committing campaign finance
violations and financial crimes I'm
pretty sure that campaign finance thing
was that his paying off that woman or
the however many women he did on behalf
of Trump counts as a campaign
contribution they counted that right
yeah yeah I was a stormy Daniels and I
forgot the other girl's name
Amy something I believe well yeah yeah
there was at least two differences that
stormy did the sixty minutes interview
and it wasn't attempted leave
transparent on the situation but but ya
know even then like he's like he's not
he's not for Medicare for all he's uh
he's been throwing platitudes and
cliches all day long and most mysterious
will here like I'm not seeing again I
don't kind of
dear Ellen to furthers your colony what
you haven't said the other candidates
yet but I'm not really seeing as much
traction from the other corporatist
Democrats like Kamala Harris like Cory
Booker so I mean it wouldn't surprise me
if they say okay well those two aren't
doing too hot let's go ahead and put all
art let's put all of our illuminati
corporatist backing chips into a blank
slate bado and see what he can do uh-huh
I know I feel like he wasn't really that
that popular but apparently is pretty
popular but I don't know the mess I'm
seeing right now it just feels and looks
kind of conflated my to me cuz I mean
like unless don't people just like it
really fall for the old school
politician where it's like yes we're
coming together and we need to come from
across the aisles in both sides and I
have no policin sub substance whatsoever
I'm just for unity and being together
and Brit and building bridges um so I
don't know if people are falling for
that or not I don't know they're just
just sleep at the wheel not woke but I
don't know I look at him like I'm not
impressed at all Mike gone so I'm not
really but yeah that's a that was like
the the news of recently was that was
that um but you said you talked about
the dims so okay well let's see what
else is there
how do you do you want some do you want
some money Triax how do you feel about
reparations Oh wasn't was it wasn't
burning s what this actually during his
scene and yeah I think Bernie got some
heat for his answer on it but it seems
like it's an issue I've seen Elizabeth
Warren bring up I'm actually curious do
you have any opinions on it or any
strong opinions on it er man you're
gonna put me in the hot seat huh okay so
when it comes to reparations I don't
think there has been like economic
turmoil and definitely a negation of
opportunity via oppression because of a
race institution whether it be things
like credit score or the or the very
invention of ghettos now due to the the
regional or if we get the prep room for
I wanna say like gerrymandering but like
there's definitely a thing particularly
where like ghettos are how they are now
because of the housing rate because of
like how housing loans were approved
yeah things like I think was called
redlining yeah
redlining there we go that's roasted
before you
because I'm redlining [ __ ] like that
means get kind of robbing opportunity
but how would you responsibly do
something as crazy as reparations
whatever the because I want a vibration
I think of okay yeah how do you how do
you appease those who were possibly hurt
and distraught from like a slavery and
massive segregation was from the 60s and
before and most people probably you know
you may have there those who have
probably dealt with racism but the
direct tangible no doubt assaults from
those times or probably kind of
memorized by now I can't think of a
response wave like you used to like free
cash or whatever but they were like
Native Americans what do you think
Americans what do you do with like
Japanese Americans who are put in the
containment camps yeah you know now
difference is that I do recall Japanese
citizens were putting those two those
detainment camps they were paid directly
cash where they I'm pretty confident
that was the case I'd have to like
google it I have to play some google
food before you were quick to find out
that you guys the exact amount but I'm
pretty confident America was very
embarrassed about that
um after the after world war two was
done and they went out of their way to
try to appease that wouldn't happen
because some of them were knows camps
are almost a decade if I recall
correctly damned if I if I recall it was
like some when they're like for a
long-ass time people Ising like Japanese
internment victims got war bonds and
cash but like did was it actually worth
it or did they get like held for five
years and then released and they got
like five thousand dollars or something
right that's that's what I'm curious yes
like people saying the legislation
offered a formal apology and paid out
twenty thousand dollars in conversation
to each surviving victim weight
surviving victim whoa chill we weren't
they were interment camps not
concentration camps wait it like a ton
of people died in our internment this
was dealing with like ethics not like
blatant racism well no it was definitely
racist and [ __ ] up but we weren't like
it wasn't like concentration camps in
America right I'm saying it's like I
don't know they're like hey your eyes
are thin [ __ ] you get in this camp III
could not have got think they were under
they were put there under suspicion that
they were working for the enemy I don't
think yeah read it well with a [ __ ] at
all some people must have died of old oh
okay um people who say they got paid out
like 30 or 40 years
I think I paid what nineteen eighty
eighty-eight Oh My Damn yeah [ __ ] weak
sauce are you serious well damn that is
so irresponsible holy [ __ ] um no that's
crazy
um but yeah okay so who you gonna put me
in the hot seat I haven't actually given
it it's a good thought exercise here how
would you hand the reparations um
because I just don't know right now if I
like the idea of just like giving cash
to two black people because it's just
gonna like how no it's gonna like funnel
like some short-term materialism spike
but does it really fix any of the
problems that they were caused in the
first place that's kind of the issue I
have with it here yeah that's kind of
like what I'm thinking if it was done in
the turn in like the form of like you
know like huge like funding boosts or
cash injections - yeah I think I would
be good restorations or like you know
undoing the red line thing or whatever
things like that like I don't think it's
gonna change like the the power of
institutions that allow [ __ ] like that
the damaging [ __ ] that they have gone
through in modern times and the past to
get minimized that's okay hold on wait I
gotta do this real fast internment camps
in the United States one for all the
Nazis in chat okay internment camps in
United States we're not like the [ __ ]
camps in [ __ ] the in [ __ ] Germany
okay so [ __ ] off with that [ __ ] firstly
if you're an alt writer secondly if
you're a [ __ ] tanky okay the camps in
the United States weren't like this some
of the [ __ ] [ __ ] going on and like
the [ __ ] Soviet Union or need that
[ __ ] [ __ ] either okay so [ __ ] off
tanki's and [ __ ] off Nazis okay both of
you I'm both sides in it right now both
of you can [ __ ] it's like a massive
[ __ ] dog okay get that [ __ ] [ __ ]
out of here Jesus Christ okay sorry go
ahead
[Music]
the only person um so yeah Bernie's
answer was was vague I think it's cuz
kind of like it's a hot one because like
you just say anything is gonna get taken
out of context no you don't support it
even right now it looks because of what
I just said here about not when you have
any black people you know that gets
taken out of context and not what I why
I'm saying what I'm saying obviously
uh-huh but um there's not an easy answer
and I am totally down preparations if
there was a way to fight if there's a
way to utilize that to fight long term
institutionalized racism yeah that is
that's definitely I'm team that
certainly and I'm because otherwise
reparation just make for like I better
please make the white man Richard be
totally honest here it's like hey I give
you a [ __ ] ton of money so you come and
spend it in my stores right yeah yeah
yeah that's so that's one way to put it
that's an interest way to think about it
yeah that's true yeah so not really not
really a fan of that conceptually nor
its execution in terms of its long-term
effects uh-huh but I'm definitely down
for the concept however would be done
for something to be done concerning
reparations I do recall [ __ ] I came here
it was cory booker andrew andrew yang
who was asked a question about that and
they kind of gave like a complete like
that's expected completely suck off
balling a non answer to like yeah we
should I'll have my committee explore
reparations and we'll look into it and I
kind of loved it like a very loose
hanging thing where people it's like
people who claps because I thought okay
yeah it means money and it's like well
you didn't even say money you thinking
money but he gave you like a non-answer
we're gonna look into it the committee
means thinkin do [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah it
was a policy being thrown right now
during the campaign better [ __ ]
believe I don't believe anything at this
point so I didn't see policy substance
out the [ __ ] wazoo during these
debates by here vague platitude nonsense
anecdotal [ __ ] I don't hear about
the farmer Joe and teacher Mary and
police police person police police
person Pat you know all that [ __ ] no
I need where them [ __ ] is the policy
substance and yo don't don't at me with
this [ __ ] vague [ __ ] where I
can't hold you accountable you're not
what you're gonna do not gonna do now
okay yeah now on that note though hang
one more thing you know you asked me
about reparations that's a that's a
loaded question that we had to get into
a debate into the concept of entirely
here one thing I do like is ubi
what about free money so that sounds
like such animate to do you know how
many [ __ ] donations here we get I
would scream on the first of every month
right when those neat bucks hit the
[ __ ] bank account we'd be doing our
[ __ ] ubi
we'd be doing our [ __ ] yang game
collection stream so what's up guys
welcome to the stream I know you guys
just got your new buck spices
meat books oh yeah jesus [ __ ] christ
in eet bucks oh yeah oh my god I'm
unemployed but I'm a [ __ ] tier three
that's right dude now I'm sorry I'm
sorry that's cash no I'm sorry
i'ma teach therefore okay thank you here
for the site yeah man let's eat I'm Tia
for baby what's up well we were talking
about this earlier but I didn't have the
picture on hand this is just randomly
related to what we were talking about
earlier that basically describes
everything related it breaks it and like
two pictures of here carries oh my god
God or the January 18 2017 give us a
fair deal or you'll be crushed and then
you fast forward [ __ ] March 20 today
may please to delay fertile hey the
brexit as he used an spoon here yep yes
Oh life comes at you fast and does oh
you hate to see it happen like that
goddamn dude yeah how about you want to
dig through some of the reddit questions
we've got like 15 minutes left I think
sure
damn the we yeah we did we did a good
job building a lot of nothing today I'm
proud yeah yeah yeah got that okay
here's an interesting one ready for the
beginning this is a big one right off
the bat I'll be going to read Emory do
you guys think pewdiepie plays a role in
the radicalization of young men it
started with Eddie jokes then he sent
his viewers over to a crypto-fascist er
platform Ben Shapiro and recommended to
Jordan Peterson's book followed stefan
molyneux and lauren southern among many
others on twitter and now the new
zealand setters shooter says subdue
PewDiePie right before shooting up the
mosque pd pi is likely just a typical
anti hgw galaxy brain centrist rather
than a nazi his fans like to argue that
he's a political but he injects his
politics into his videos all the time
even as early as a week ago he talked
about the Captain Marvel controversion
complained about sjw's restricting free
speech what do you think what's your
take on the whole PewDiePie situation I
think whenever so we live in a very
unique time right now where because we
have the the power of the Internet
medium you have
like there's they're so few middlemen
now that are able to dilute the message
into like a more neutered means from
those who are thinking long term of the
ramifications of what you say whether
you're broadcasting or you know
facilitating a particular ID or a brand
or thing you know so PewDiePie is you
know the most sub person and has a
commercial to the one person he is
compared to any other comparable
distribution platform has so much
influence cool audience it's actually
insane and I would say it has more to
tell about perhaps the the power
struggle here and those who are super
influenceable it could have been
PewDiePie it could have been anybody
else here only think it really is
particularly it's a PewDiePie just any
one person who is has a platform that
big is gonna obviously be malleable to
whatever thing you want to contort it to
because like whenever you're PewDiePie's
level whatever you're saying or doing
and they're in order to compute it
across your entire massive audience
there's no way you can be as excessively
thorough to get to a razor point
conclusion about what he's saying and
what he's not saying in order for you
the impressionable you know person to
take in say okay oh he's talking about
this thing and I agree with him on this
thing well you already like the person
so if I gonna figure out a way to like
what he's talking about unless you're
like not exploring a critical thing
exercise so that's kind of where I'm
where I'm with that it's a kind of a
non-answer there but I do think it's
more about if anyone was that deep eyes
level this situation would happen where
you can get a where you get like thrown
into the mix of some unfortunate
circumstances way beyond your power I
feel like when you become a public
speaker I think the onus is on you to be
a little bit more responsible with your
platform I'm not gonna sit here and say
I like PD pike causes terrorist attacks
definitely think he contributes I think
that I think he should have taken a more
firm stance against things I linked you
this was like all the people that he'd
like started to follow on Twitter did
you see this the picture that I linked
you yeah so you've got like yes you've
got like Lauren southern pretty Reuben
yeah really
Lauren southern Brittany Pettibone these
are like pretty blatant like white
nationalist notch it was probably white
nationalist stefan molyneux is
definitely a white - yeah you like so
much I did not know it was like
okay so I was gonna tell you this is
what I know cuz I don't really watch
PewDiePie so I was gonna say my TRS I
don't think I know enough uh people I
really say conclusively here but now
seen any follows always Dave Rubin Paul
Joseph this is dude and court of course
Vinny Shapiro good lord he just recently
if you check his Twitter now he unfollow
to every single person except for some I
think like k-pop group whatever but yeah
I don't know I wish that he would like
he ends up like fossil follows Twitter
so I was SS that's why I wasn't no here
yeah I wish that people would like be a
little bit more explicit with what it is
they believe in I don't know I mean it
really bothers me feel like you have
some responsibility as a public figure
like my like the worst part about my
audience right now is like all the
commies and [ __ ] which I don't like but
like I take like a pretty firm stance
against I'm like every opportunity like
if you legitimate like and even the
commies that follow me like hate me oh I
don't know why you guys are still
[ __ ] here but um yeah like I mean I
denounce these people like pretty
[ __ ] often like in every debate I'm
in I usually up [ __ ] talking commies or
I don't even to bait them because
they're so [ __ ] dumb well I'm sorry
to me like that but like yeah I I just
sometimes I wish that like I think it's
scary when you play into the narrative
over and over again that like the
mainstream media is all bias that sjw's
are running the world like when you buy
into these narratives over and over and
again and then you start platforming
people like ben shapiro add [ __ ] it's
like [ __ ] dude like don't you like don't
you think that like maybe it's possible
that a lot of your audience could watch
you and maybe start to fall into that
trap of you know if you're not careful
like if you don't say anything like
specific about it I don't know no you're
absolutely right I do when I see when I
see Dave Rubin on here that's when I
know that I cut out the window that
guy's [ __ ] Papa goes [ __ ] I likes this
is a big yikes for me honestly yeah
among other things but yes what those
appointing that's one clarifier to
disclaimer don't judge me on who I
follow yet I've been meaning to I like
I've been over a thousand people have
fallen out for a while I've been really
waiting for a really boring day to
unfollow a [ __ ] ton of people that I've
long since I've ditched here uh-huh
um say the least so if you want a pro
tip yeah pro tip
black somebody and then unblock them
before you unfollow them and then it'll
cause them to unfollow you and the line
you unfollow them
yeah if they message you be like yo why
don't follow me like oh I saw you had
and I was just kind of cling on my list
I figured it was cool and I'm like oh I
don't know how that happen so like if
you unfollow one hundred people that way
then like probably like 10 of them will
notice and message you back like oh yo
and then you can be follow them and then
just do it again at a later date
you know it's funny about that actually
you can I I hate that I don't want to
derail the Q way exactly I was a really
good question but uh I really want to
talk about this year the social
ramifications of the follow
first the unfollow like cuz I cuz cuz it
cuz in my eyes oh my god yeah I wouldn't
take it seriously if you don't follow me
or if I don't follow you because trying
to create my timeline because it's like
it either I oh you know cuz no when I
followed you likes were not being
broadcasted like some [ __ ] dirty
laundry you know now my timeline is so
diluted that Island get the proper
function of getting a chronological
order of what's happening in a timely
fashion to make Twitter effective things
have changed since then with the
algorithm and the sorting and displaying
that now has a you have to take an
action upon that to make it useable to
how it used to be back when I first
followed ex person someone following you
I don't know for you know not even
rested reason because I don't like you
maybe because it's your content is like
overwhelming on my timeline for example
possibly right so I wouldn't take it
personally if you unfollowed me or if
I'm called you look I'm gonna follow who
I like regardless
yeah that's pretty rare most people
there's a social ramifications I feel
now or people like take it personally
you like am i not your friend anymore
like and I want to know like if you want
think it's a topic worth the talking
about for a second or is it you just
kinda like it's kamek a high and dry
thing for you way if it's worth talking
about her yeah this whole like the idea
that like you know what I mean it's kind
of like the thing that I would compare
it to is um his um
modding people in twitch chat have you
ever had this happened before
yeah dude the [ __ ] yeah I had to I had
to do like I used to mop up all the time
and then I'm one cuz I don't want to
miss them and Jack I thought they were
important so Amy green batch I would see
them but eventually it's like you know
you get that one rogue mod you're just
like okay well I got a unmod everyone
again and I so it's slowly reduce
that's you lose viewers that way right
if you unmod someone in your chat they
will like leave your stream they get so
[ __ ] offended it's like a huge like
unmodern somebody is like basically you
saying you [ __ ] hate them and want
them to die like that's how people
interpret it it's insane yeah not my
kind of point bear is that you listen
nothing about streaming real quick but
like when I mod you you kind of have to
like you can't be like a massive [ __ ]
like a [ __ ] poster and be mod cuz you're
showing the ethics that there's no
ethics here yeah yeah like you if you
want to be a big [ __ ] then you don't
want to be a mind like I need mods to be
like kind of like taming a little bit
more chill and kind of set the tone to
be not complete chaos when I see like a
mod spammin you know spamming the pasta
harder than anybody else because I have
no limitations that's like yeah well you
know when you do that gonna get some
some [ __ ] monkey poo slinging and
[ __ ] infestation quarantine chat that
you know it's gonna look for it's gonna
make its self amused rabbit and
communicate and be in amusement and sync
with your content as a streamer yeah I
used to I used to mod people to kind of
like keep an eye on them and then I
started um I started when the VIP tag
came out I started to unmodeled the
streamers that watched me and I would be
IP them instead and some of them like
legitimately got upset like Greek got so
mad about it that he like threw a fit
until I reloaded him in my chat I think
people got so ass bad about it
oh my god yeah no I did anything
actually I
as soon as actually had a I had a not
stylish than that that extension got a
super corrupt with with leaking uh
leaking browser data but like is another
CSS style sheet mod similar to stylish
for google chrome and I used that to add
an imaginary badge to people and I
already had the VIP system already
emulated on my own personal browser so
that I could like unmod everyone and
they would ship on my chat as a VIP
because the biggest thing I was using
mods to see who was important more so
than my actual team of mine yes the same
here yeah so yeah once VIP came out I
immediately like you know you can see
how like what you're saying though also
plays into it and I agree that like I
mod people in chat because I think
they're important I want to see it so
like unmodern someone is literally like
you're not important anymore like I
don't care about you right that's how
people like interpret it
yeah even though it numbs I'm screwed
I'm replacing your bachelor's a
different badge that gives you what I
actually wanted to have you the first
place to shine um he's in my opinion so
that's like now it's off that way from
having like [ __ ] havoc and I'm not
just number of months I think I was I
got over a hundred one point and now I'm
like a clean like maybe like eighteen or
seventeen eighteen or nineteen uh-huh
that's what my points to be like like
eight years ago it was like cuz
basically if you like someone you ma
them so it would get to be like everyone
in Chad that was cool you like started
to mop like every person yeah yeah yeah
good old-fashioned favoritism you know
hmm okay well we covered all that so
what's the UH do you want to do another
question or are you gonna play the Devil
May Cry a game oh wait [ __ ] that game I
don't care actually what your answer is
are you gonna play sekito yes and no um
what well um so um because obviously
your big try expand you know there's a
new Yosh game coming out in the end of
March the new oceans in a switch um I am
known for being a big Yoshi guy that's
what my speedrun started in the Yoshi
games Yoshi's Island Super Nintendo and
so I'm doing this big you know a month
long event thing where I'm I'm playing
I'm speedrunning or just island again
and I'm building up to the hype release
of Yoshi's crafted world so that
requires focus okay so not really then
just say no yeah just say no well I'm
going to though like as soon as I'm
[ __ ] done yes I'm gonna play I'm
gonna finish Dark Souls 3 them a place
secure oh yes uh-huh
[ __ ] but like it's gonna be an April
like I think I gotta make got any
priorities man [ __ ] you know what you're
a parent I'm a parent too I got a parent
my [ __ ] baby ass chat who's begging
me to play Yoshi again so you definitely
saw get out right yes okay I'm
definitely gonna see uh and tomorrow
oh please talk Friday well tomorrow's
Thursday Thursday at midnight
quote-unquote oh yeah there's a midnight
release
yeah what kind of kind of whack ass -
you got my fear does everything midnight
at this point um dude you're no way what
you mean me [ __ ] dude you got like a
hundred years in [ __ ] plane I should
have been no you probably gotta be
honest all the week early [ __ ] yeah okay
wait hold on
okay hold on I'll find out [ __ ] cuz I
should see it at midnight if that's true
okay
they do showings like 7:00 p.m. Thursday
now wait really Oh anyway regardless
whenever we see if Thursday or Friday
because I had plenty of Friday well now
I wonder why I say Thursday
do you um we're gonna talk about that
right
oh hell yeah I do that I [ __ ] I [ __ ]
did you seek it out yeah of course
oh I do [ __ ] yeah I'm like I'm a huge
Jordan Jordan Peele fan dude I I cannot
wait
the trailer was sick the soundtrack
looks sick the [ __ ] there are showings
like tomorrow night you gonna see that
at the midnight premiere you gonna wait
to get spoiled on some some [ __ ] on
Twitter [ __ ] that [ __ ] man go see that
[ __ ] tomorrow that's what I'm doing so I
always do okay
good [ __ ] spoiled my [ __ ] nuts
[ __ ] I'm not gonna lie here comes my
racist white person take are you ready
oh here we go
in general I don't know if we've talked
about this in terms of dinner before but
in general I can come actually I can
talk about this with some level
authority because half of my family
Hispanic
I feel like middle-class kind of like or
like the suburban white family is very
quiet and very reserved
compared to Hispanic families and black
families so growing up I had my friend
Jay every time I went to this guy's
house every time his dad or his brother
talked to me I always thought they were
mad cuz they're just very loud like just
wait loud er than white people are and I
always I don't know if every black
families like this but like they were
very [ __ ] loud all the time like hey
Steven what's up how are you doing like
an Alice towers and troubling talk to me
right
Jay's dad and then my Hispanic family
was the same whenever that whenever my
grandma would talk to her sister it's
not on her [ __ ] screaming at each
other like I thought they were always
like viciously fighting and then as soon
as I'm you know my aunt would see me you
know she would laugh and smile and hug
me whatever and I should go back to her
gonna seeing movies with seeing get out
with an audience full of black people
which is really [ __ ] funny to me and
now I'm kind of I'm wondering if us will
be the same experience if I go home you
know yeah so let me okay so just for
those who understand ways getting here
let me translate here when you go is to
move with black folks they sometimes
can't discern if it's a documentary or
not so there's actually a great point
about your boss of your gangs I forgot
to bring up
earlier mm-hmm so when I told you I saw
Creed 1 mm-hmm
I did I saw Creed 1 and I saw Karate Kid
with my parents but you obviously came
out different years that the Karate Kid
remake with a with a Jaden Smith oh yeah
and Will Smith yeah right yeah so I saw
the Karate Kid remake with my parents
small town black people where they all
all Glore I saw Creed you know several
years later when it came out I think
Creed one came out in 2015 saw that
because it came out around Christmas so
I was visiting my parents for christmas
and i went to take him to a movie on
Christmas Day uh-huh black folks
everywhere for Crete one I remember
Crete one in better detail here but in
short you go you go to decreed one you
know a boxing film and they and all
everyone there is treating it like a
documentary like everyone and do when
you [ __ ] knock some out or get out I
was like [ __ ] dude yeah it again man
they that's a hundred percent not
surprising or I'm I'm just used to it I
guess sure I remember like the most the
one of the only moments in my entire
life where I had felt like a little
uncomfortable being a white person was
at the end of get out when that white
girl got killed and like everybody in
the theater was cheering I felt like a
little bit I felt a little bit like an
outsider I'm not gonna lie it was a
really weird feeling you can't be mad
about that
when like after the movie since then we
have barbecue Becky and permit Patti I
know no no I'm not mad I'm just saying
like it was it's like it's an experience
that I've never felt before where like
yeah it was just like it was very
strange I'd never really thought about
it before you know well I mean I don't
think anybody's gonna kill me in the
theater but you know I mean a little bit
different the stakes are a little
different but but ya know yeah it's an
interesting interesting thing to
experience so yeah I'm really anyway I'm
really looking forward to us I hope that
it's I hope that it's good I really I
got like I want to have like super high
expectations but considering that like
everything about Jordan is like pretty
extraordinary like key and Peele are
like some were some of the best sketch
comedy like yeah
then Jordan's debut movie get out was
like pretty much universally hailed it
was a really good movie it was really
solid you know it was just horror or
like action horror whatever you call it
but it was really really solid so I hope
that US is good because he's got like a
lot of expectations on him now I'd be so
[ __ ] worried if I was him he does he
does actually uh kinda was as
interesting as that itself is the fact
that like I don't know the comprehensive
gigs he was offered after it's after get
I was confirmed success huh but um if
you didn't know by the way he uh he was
actually offered some pretty big gigs
after get out but he declined because he
wanted to continue to pursue his
original work mm-hmm
namely familiar with the anime Akira
yeah the 1988 like you know super
awesome anime film
well Warner Brothers has been sitting on
sitting on the live live-action adaption
live-action adaptation rice for Acura
for over a decade now and Jordan got
offered to helm that film after we get
out like they were ready to give him the
whole thing if he wanted it but he uh
he'd decline it because he wanted to
make us instead it's pretty crazy
well I gets crazy these stories about
what what almost happened or what didn't
happen because in a similar sense just
to give you like a little bit more idea
the trivia here
Will Smith chose to star in Wild Wild
West in 99 instead of doing the matrix
yeah it could have been neo but he chose
West over the over over over being me Oh
honestly Will Smith is neo I think he I
think he could have done it I actually
really don't like Canterbury uses an
actor I don't know if I'm the only one
that feels that way but um I think that
he's like really monotonous in a bad way
however I think the one thing we all
supposed said that would have made that
movie [ __ ] was there if they would have
casted Will Smith or if they would have
cast Will Smith as a neo they would have
cast someone else's Morpheus who has
correct yeah he actually admitted that
an interview that if he had you would
have had a white Morpheus who but who
was it there was a specific actor they
named Oh Val Kilmer I don't I think that
I don't even know the actor's name but
who ever played Morpheus was a was a
very [ __ ] good Morpheus like that
character is like iconic to me I think I
don't think you could replace him I
don't think Val Kilmer would have
[ __ ] worked though Oh God named
fish let's say like [ __ ] let's name fish
Laurence Fishburne Laurence Fishburne
area yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah correct
but yeah yeah he uh he got for some
pretty big gigs but but you know chose
us over all that which is pretty awesome
of him on on it's also really refreshing
to see like you know in a seeing like a
major picture release and it not be some
like sequel or adaptation or backboned
off the property seeing an all-original
work too often these days like
refreshing ly good or not or in
refreshingly like not neutered down for
a diluted mass audience is really really
cool so yeah I'm super excited I'll
definitely see it next week so I'll be
I'll be and I'm honest I'm not gonna lie
to y'all if I can real quick here this
is for the audience here I was really
hoping that Loki destiny would have a
different opinion about Captain Marvel
so I can finally debate him on something
but I was actually kind of mad when he
agree with me that Captain Marvel sucked
so well my take was that it I don't
think it's stuck at a start was really
bland and then we kind of agree but you
just used suck a little differently yeah
but yeah yeah well maybe for us maybe
we'll have different opinions
hopefully it sucked because it was bland
now guys there we go I'll go with that
woman alright well what are you doing
after this you know after this actually
dude um um so I I was thinking about
actually I'm overdue because I cuz your
chat came last time I didn't have
anything cool playing for them so I felt
kind of bad whenever we're doing the
after party uh-huh but uh I have not yet
watched the Jesse Lee Peterson vs. Hasan
debate I could I could check out that I
have not yet watched Elizabeth Warren's
CNN Town Hall I could watch that and and
I heard that she uh had some pretty cool
answers I heard she has some pretty bad
answers but not her she's like she
openly advocated for abolishing the
electoral college dome all white but I'm
like right on
let's [ __ ] get rid of that [ __ ] huh
so uh you know I might I might do that I
might give you a gif destiny M camp a
little bit of some political pizazz
today after the after-party
maybe we can debate the electoral
college next time okay yeah I'm in favor
of it but I think it should be
proportional at least like I think
Nebraska and Maine are the only two
states that do it that way I don't think
winner-take-all for an electoral college
is good but yeah yeah I'm definitely
team team ranked choice voting and
Oh changing first-pass supposed to be
really good as well yeah holy [ __ ]
so yeah I'd be down for it um I think
it'd be a finalized actually like I'm
not even looking to win I'd actually
like to hear like more about like you
know exactly I haven't even considered
like I haven't considered modifying I've
only considered like yeah I don't like
how it is right now so get rid of it in
its entirety but uh modifying it another
as an option I didn't really explore
I just seemed doubtful I I doubt that it
would get to that point we would get a
modification at more I would see that
realistically in the political climate
it would either be like a it would be
abolished in its entirety or would be
kept as its antiquated it self is
because it keeps you know to be totally
blind it keeps the beeps to race from
being you know the countrywide
to just the battleground states which is
probably what Republicans want I would
say okay so I'd be interested to see uh
you know how that goes because you know
Republicans are I guess the opposing
party or definitely wants to keep you
know California in New York City as
minimally accountable as possible
because of their dwarfing population
quantities yeah well you know I'm
already looping into next week now so
yeah I uh what is yeah I'm gonna do some
burner come through the after party do
some cute QA [ __ ] along with maybe some
political banter after party and then
from that yeah I'm gonna do some [ __ ]
sick ass yoshi island speedrun should
really doesn't see me play really really
fast if you if you are not if you have
erectile dysfunction and you find that
Destiny's apex gameplay is not quite
give you that quarter and get a better
okay [ __ ] chill out oh my god I'm
working on it okay calm the [ __ ] down
then come over to my stream I'll show
you guys some [ __ ] 150 minimum APM on
a [ __ ] controller while playing a
platformer you don't believe me come for
a crotch cam babe you'll see what's good
alright well for me [ __ ] you follow
these accounts like column destiny on
Instagram because that's me and I'm real
cool and then follow modal sevens on
Twitter that guy's really cool I don't
know who he is but man he says some real
cool [ __ ] all the time
and then also buy my shirts just
introduce a shirt and I like that
- I love you all very much what happens
next week are you gonna pack seas you
said you're not right
or are you no dude I you know what sucks
ass actually won't have an answer for
you until uh probably Monday which is
kind of crazy I'm waiting on tempo storm
to follow up let me know am I going or
not they wanted me to go but they
haven't responded they haven't like
followed told me if I'm like doing the
whole I'm doing the the sponsor gig
where they want they have me at their
booth or whatever so I don't know yet um
it's probably it's probably a note but
unless they're gonna book the fight like
saying we can pay like a thousand
dollars [ __ ] then I guess we'll see
damn I'm we don't know Sosuke all right
are you going I'm like on the fence and
I'm leaning towards yes right now I
think just yeah we'll see I'll know and
like a koala Bobby I love to post from
Riley I'm very happy wearing I'm just
like I don't know like the dew of the
emails like I'm leaning the replies it's
me at this point okay but uh you're on
the fence okay well look if I if I'm if
I'm the one that makes you say yes and I
will let you I will Destin helper Steven
I will person let you know the minute
that I'm going gotcha okay I'm excited
to thing we can do the bromance thing
and make a make a jump up out of our
dicks and have a [ __ ] obnoxious dick
pretzel and just skip to the sunset
sounds good I did one that's good okay
all right I love you guys it's been fun
we'll see you guys next week
we should because it's nothing going on
thanks for joining us for episode 15
we'll see you guys peace out
