okay whoa are you excited yeah I'm
pretty stoked actually another it's
working I am super excited because you
were saying a lot of really mean things
about me on Twitter okay really means
even meaner than the average Quebec in I
knew you're gonna say that did you in
your might ignore mine I think I will
just roll a d20 what's perceivable in a
way that you're pro pedophilia or you
probably ignore that I said or if you
have a bias against the skeptics and
said they didn't have an argument before
listening to the whole stream you could
just admit that wait what
can you say that again I'm sorry I can
go find a tweet I said to me you saying
that no argument was made when a lot of
good ones were made Tomita implied that
or you're unconvinced able or you didn't
actually listen to the arguments before
you said there was no argument good
arguments I was made oh so I listened to
um I went back and I we listened to
because I talked to that Jeff guy quite
a bit I went back and I relisted to the
Jeff video and at the beginning of that
video for the first like five or ten
minutes he makes some pretty good
arguments when I'd listened to it before
I was linked like halfway through I
listen to two different like twenty
minute sections that were really dumb so
I thought that the whole thing was like
about that but I went back a tree listen
to the start and I thought that
everything he said at the beginning was
pretty good I said as much on Twitter I
think I said to Jeff that he was pretty
good at the beginning but exactly that's
the thing I I didn't see the follow-up
oh well I'm sorry you didn't see it well
that's why I said if you if you just
didn't watch it and then like I said
that but your mob was already spamming
me so I don't even know if you saw it oh
I might have I think I bought you it
pretty quickly though because you were
talking a lot of [ __ ] but I'm not sure
if I so hot or not but I think there's
more than that right it seems like it
seems like we had a whole lot of
disagreements about a lot of things no
well I'd like to I'd like to know what
do you think I believe first of all I
have no idea I want to know you think I
believe my son it looks like you threw
around a lot of I feel like we got a lot
of those that skeptic stuff going on in
your tweets but I'm not sure I'd have to
go back and look
exactly because I'm I'm a centrist
that's [ __ ] like I'm very Pro up a
equality of opportunity that's that's
kind of why I like I find it like harsh
the way you you know try to point paint
it out like Christians are like gonna
destroy the world and they're trying to
kill all the babies and gays and [ __ ]
oh no well I think Christians in the
United States are pretty [ __ ]
disgusting I mean we can talk about
Christian policy in the United States if
you want if they focus on yeah yeah
that's what we decided on oh sure okay
well how do you feel a person and is
Christianity and Islam like basically
yeah sure so how do you feel about
Christians in the United States trying
to prevent like sex education or access
to contraception to teens when the
empirical data has pretty much proven
that these things like improve outcomes
for teens as far as like teenage
pregnancy and stuff goes that's a big
claim you're making there what kind of
sources do you have to prove that that's
happening wait to prove that which one
is happening I'm sorry my real thing is
what if I ever say something and you'd
like disagree with it you could just
stop me immediately and we can go over a
particular thing okay I'm not trying to
like like okay if you can walk around
it's my debate over I'm trying my best
yeah that's fine no it's just a child
it's not like a like a super debate okay
yeah okay well because I agree with
young a lot of things it's just I it's
more sort of tactics that you use warm
you can cost instead of it well I want
to I want to get as close to the truth
at all cost but we can talk about
tactics later um so my initial statement
was that I think that Christians
advocate against like sex ed and whatnot
in the United States and the sex ed
seems to help students like access to
contraception and all that does what
which part of that did you disagree with
I believe that like first of all you're
saying Christians are trying to stop
that huh to me I I would uh I would
point out that it's probably more the
older Christians that are trying to do
that like a baby boomers sure because
like I have actually the statistics here
where is it
yeah like most of the the Christians are
[ __ ] boomers I think it was like a
30-something percent where did I write
it down sorry this is really messy here
yeah you do you realize though like that
basically the the younger Christians
aren't the same as the older Christians
right yeah probably imagine that age
probably plays a decent role into that
because like I went to check her the Pew
researches and most of like was it the
54% say that homosexuality should be
accepted 54 yeah 38 states should be
discouraged 44 are pro same-sex marriage
48 are against forty five percent are
pro legal abortions 51 percent want it
to be illegal in most cases so so to me
you're making it sound like all
Christians want to stop sex ed and
things like that and me the way I see it
is I think you're talking about more the
older ones sure but there are two things
going here one I'm just curious do you
have the poll numbers for the standard
population or for the non-christian
population so like if you say for
instance so like those numbers that you
just gave me if fifty five percent are
okay with gay marriage but the general
population or maybe non-christians are
like eighty percent okay for it then
those numbers are really bad but if
those are only like two percent off then
that's not a big deal I'm just curious
spotlights or anything but go ahead well
because what I'm trying to where I'm
trying to go with that is a the baby
boomers are gonna be dead soon sure so
basically it's gonna be young Christians
only so they've been raised having great
gay friends they've been raised having
trans people on TV and things like that
so they're they're gonna be more
accepted and used to these things than
their predecessors and so on and so
forth because their religion as is is
acceptant and it's moving in a accepting
way you know well compare I mean
not really accepting of gay people right
by religious doctrine I mean like you
you're like I don't know 54% say like
that this should be accepted that
there's homosexuals and like only 10%
think that they shouldn't get married so
I don't know well sure but like what's
but what's like the standard population
no no but we're talking about Christians
right right now you're trying to say
that all Christians are against
homosexuality it had to be a good crit
you're trying to say that being against
homosexuality is tied with christianism
but it's not so much anymore okay so who
firstly Christian you don't have to be
against gays okay we had a lot of
different claims in here okay
let's take one second okay so firstly I
never said that all gays or all
Christians were against gays I've never
said that right because you're making it
sound like it's a Christian problem yeah
well because I think that the majority
of the backlash against gays in society
generally comes from Christians so
speaking of that okay what backlash are
you talking about like trying to not let
gay people get married or being opposed
to gay marriage that's it well that's a
pretty big one I mean well I mean
compared to two other religions that say
that they need to or change their sex
and things like that so like I mean well
I'm really by Christian doctrine you
don't want gay people to be gay but I
mean I mean in the United States the way
that I would measure your acceptance of
gays or homosexuality would be whether
or not you were four against gay
marriage I think that's a pretty fair
test well well I just showed to you that
like there's a difference of 10 percent
people Christians that believe like like
54 say you should accept them 44 say
they're pro-marriage
yeah so that I'm inclined to say that
marriage is not necessarily a good way
to look at if they're there accept them
or not
okay so let's say that we have a
population of people okay let's say that
in that population let's say that 55
percent of Christians approve of gay
marriage but 95 percent of non
Christians approve of gay marriage
that's a big problem right even though
most Christians are okay with gay
marriage you would say the majority of
the opposition to gay marriage and
society comes from Christians even
though it's a minority of Christians
that have these beliefs right no
actually I wouldn't the only way I would
say that is a big problem would be if
the Christian faith in America would be
actually growing not in decline then I'd
say well maybe you could actually be
worried about this considering that this
movement is growing but I'm telling you
that they're becoming more acceptant and
there's less Christians as the time goes
and not only that but a lot of them are
gonna die soon
okay so again there's acting for no
reason maybe I mean we're making a lot
of different kinds a lot of okay so
firstly Christianity is shrinking in the
United States I've never disagreed with
that I would agree with you there
old people dying is generally a good
thing if you want more progressive
values
I would never disagree with you that's
absolutely true it's like the baby
boomers yeah old people baby boomers
right now yes dying is there yeah I when
they form the biggest part they're like
38% of all Christians or something sure
I don't disagree with any of that
however all I'm saying is that in the
United States today typically the
biggest threat to to gay rights comes
from Christians now whether it's their
old Christians or or they're not all
Christians I'm just saying that if you
would find people outside protesting
abortion clinics or members of the
Republican Party trying to push
anti-homosexual legislation or trying to
get Supreme Court justices that will
overturn the gay bakery case whatever
right it's stuff like this these are
Republican and Christian issues now
maybe the majority of Christians in the
United States are supportive of gay
rights but if somebody is protesting gay
rights it's usually a Christian in the
United States yeah but you keep saying
it's a big threat to gay people it's a
big threat for abortion well I'm you so
my only point my contingency here I'm
basically saying that I feel like you're
fear-mongering
okay hold on because we're jumping
around so much so okay so I'm gonna
ignore the show me like okay home okay
really think that rights are gonna be
taken away from the gays well I don't I
at this point probably not I don't think
I've ever said that I'm just so when I
say that like Christians are a threat to
gay people in the United States it's
usually in the context of compared to
Muslims so in the United States there
aren't there isn't like this Muslim
majority of people that are trying to
take rights away from gay people at
every type no no you're going too fast
now we're we're not we didn't get there
yet
okay wait which part are we yet
well cuz because you started talking
about Muslims like you just jump to like
wait oh yeah I just have to make sure
that we're very clear on the claims that
I'm making so well we've got to start by
coming to an agreement about how big the
threat on gays and abortion the
Christians do okay well let's focus on
gays no not at the abortion part that's
a separate conversation so for the gay
people right now at this point in the
United States with the Supreme Court
rulings and everything it's gonna be
pretty hard to roll back any type of gay
rights I don't think that there is a
legitimate threat to gay people in the
United States right now as far as like
getting married and whatnot go so it's
probably never going to get rolled back
I don't think so see I'm really happy we
could come on an understanding about
this well yeah I mean we've always
understood that I've never said anything
differently so I'm happy to well cause
you're you're saying that Christians are
a big threat in America compared to
Islam so yes but to me it seems like
you're saying like they're not not
actually at threat of changing anything
right now probably not but I mean like
for instance the Trump administration
has made statements judging the the
ruling of whether or not like a bakery
can be allowed to turn down serving a
product to a gay person right that's
something right now whether or not they
have the power to change that this is
stuff that's going through our Supreme
Court stuff that goes through our
Supreme Court is pretty hard to change I
don't know if any of that can ever get
changed or overturned but if it was
going to be changed
overturn it would come from Christians
in the United States right now yeah and
and it the Christians I'm pretty
emboldened right now with Trump in
office and Republicans holding the
majority on both sides I don't know if
that's going to be the same for the 2018
election season since everything for the
Republicans in the United States is
falling apart you do realize that like
Trump isn't a real Republican right like
he doesn't want her like he's not like
pence
well Pence is [ __ ] there's a lot of
different flavors of Republicans right
now it's like it's like Trump is more
liberal liberal than Hillary in my mind
a pin we've been accepting a gay people
like for way longer and I never heard
him say like like do you think that
Hillary would have enacted like the
trans ban via Twitter for military
people actually that there's a lot of
what you say propaganda that was spread
about that like what kind of propaganda
well people like basically their doctor
they're putting a halt on this and the
general Kelly I think was was in charge
of that and they don't want to outright
ban them forever that's not the thing
they just if you're manage to change
your gender and you're stable and
everything like they need studies about
that but where they cut wanna go is like
when somebody is stable and transition
completely and normal and it get proved
that it's fine
then like they can open the floodgates
you know it's just basically yeah but
this is how it was already it was
already like this I think the Pentagon
ended to ended up like overturning some
of what Trump had tweeted or wanted to
do but it's already been like that if
you've got like mental if you've got
like mental problems you're not gonna be
allowed to be in the military whether
it's trans issues or not like this was
already accounted for in the military
I'm pretty sure Trump wanted to enact a
full ban on transgender people no it's
because because what was starting to
happen was a it was becoming a thing
that people wanted to go there for the
operation so that means they would have
to be recruited before they get treated
okay so Trump tweeted that heat the
United States government
not accept or allow transgender
individuals to serve in any capacity in
the US military this means that even
people that had already transitioned
wouldn't be allowed to serve in the US
military
this is tweet what is the legislation
that came out though I all I know the
Pentagon overturned because Trump tried
to sign this as like a neo or something
or or an executive action and the
Pentagon ended up overturning hold on I
have to find the exact example maybe
they were like general lines I'm pretty
sure he just kind of like gave the
general lines and then gave his staffer
of the Army Staff dude was it Kelly
maybe I don't know apparent so
apparently the Pentagon hasn't taken any
steps yet to enforce Trump's ban because
he had the White House hasn't given
exact guidance yet on what to do this
article is a few months old but um but I
mean we were initially talking about
Trump being accepting of LGBT like this
is a pretty auntie trans tweet like
there's not much room for I am because I
no no because I am bisexual sapiosexual
and you know I'm accepting of the LGBT
I'm a part of it and I still can look at
that and be like well I understand why
you'd want to do that you want so you if
you had a trans person serving in the
military right now who is doing a good
job you would want them kicked out well
no that's why it's not gonna go in place
like that it's not going in place
because the White House hasn't given any
guidance to the Pentagon yet about what
to do but I mean look what Trump tweeted
well basically what I'm trying to say
here is like I don't think that you
should take a Trump tweet like it's a
official order like signed and printed
by your government okay we're not
talking the question wasn't whether or
not this was an official order or not
though the question was whether or not
Trump was pro or anti LGBT so of trouble
exactly I'm telling you you're saying
that banning trans people from the
military to you it seems like anti LGBT
I'm telling you I'm LGBT and I'm not
against the LGBT and I could see why
you'd want to
what let's back up and look at the let's
just philosophically look at the
validity of your artist no no no hold on
we have to look at this argument so
you're basically saying in the simplest
terms that if Trump tweets something
that's anti LGBT it doesn't matter if
the actual legislation isn't anti LGBT
no I'm saying that trumps saying that he
wants to ban the military the trans
people out of the military isn't against
the LGBT that's what I'm saying so the
fact that every trans person needs to
leave the military that that's a
statement made by the president that's
not an anti trans statement I don't I
don't think so
I think that's a pro security statement
so you don't think that any trans person
is capable of serving in any capacity in
any military position I have to ask you
right now you do realize that some trans
people are actually Pro that as well
you're saying so I don't care what the
opinions of some trans people are I'm
just trying to find out your it sound
like you can't hold both opinions at
once well you know I don't think you can
I'm trying to yes I'm trying to expose a
contradiction in your position I so I'm
asking you do you think that it's fair
to say that no trans person can serve in
any military position whatsoever because
that's what Trump is saying and you're
saying that he can say that and not be
anti trans that sounds anti-trans to me
to me it sounded like he was saying
until all the proper research was done
and everything was sorted okay so let me
just here I'll I'm gonna shoot you one
second but you know what I mean duh I'm
gonna shoot you this link okay so this
includes his three tweets after
consultation with my generals and
military experts please be advised that
the United States government will not
