are you ready for the hottest take
you've ever had taken before on all the
takes that have ever been taken here it
goes
okay every single section in Dark Souls
that had anything even remotely to do
with platforming were garbage the game
is [ __ ] at handling anything related to
jumping or anything related to that and
all of these areas should have made it
almost impossible even fall off there
you go apparently asmin gold to run is
dead today actually a huge wait oh my
god damn he was going hard and the HP
holy [ __ ] positive thoughts Korean
negative thought English what I want to
say something bad to someone [ __ ] you
okay what do you want hey what's that
buddy go quick
so what is your moral position on that
moral philosophy I don't believe that
morals are real moral ante really do you
think they exist no can you embed me
from like or and discord please I email
unbanned address energy G I don't know
no no no listen listen listen listen
here's the thing okay I'm never gonna
get them bad if you're right then you'd
probably need to be banned then no I
don't actually I never did anything
wrong okay we're done with that one
minute view I don't care I don't care
League of Legends videos i'm done i play
normal sometimes i don't want to watch
videos on min maxing [ __ ] League of
Legends
[Music]
there are you happy I could be wrong but
any defense sweatshops by saying it's
better than subsistence farming yeah
like maybe I'm wrong this might just be
emotional but like I feel like there's a
difference between like somebody's
working in a sweatshop to create a good
versus we're literally taking a video of
a poor person and laughing at them
because they have no other means as er
like Italy you know I don't know maybe
there is no difference measurably I'm
not sure wait people are allowed to
scream during the raja royale thing are
you serious or was that just buddy and
like everybody gave her a ship for it so
you don't see a person in a sweatshop
is that really your [ __ ] takeaway
it's not about whether or not you see
the person it's about the idea that one
of their being done to create a good
that you wear right versus another thing
is literally like lol I'm laughing at
this person and it's funny because
they're black and poor and from some
[ __ ] up African country and they're
saying some funny [ __ ] in a different
like I feel like these are measurably
two different things not just cuz you're
looking at one and not looking at the
other you he's a huge there's a there's
a measurable image a few things maybe
both of them should be okay above them
shouldn't be okay that might be
consistent but just like oh where was
that threat I think I banned someone oh
I need to ban people what is this
dumbass [ __ ] thread moving to LA
ruins just about anyone that does it
especially have lots of money no real
job firstly I know I put in more hours
into what I do than whatever the [ __ ]
you do I guaran-fucking-tee it now it's
my job like easier considerably than
some other two shitty forms of yeah sure
but didn't no real job come on dawg
okay so my [ __ ] day secondly how is
moving to LA ruined me I feel like I'm
literally doing more scheduled content
than I ever have in my entire life I
have my podcasts that I do every week
with trihex we're doing D&D every
[ __ ] week unless somebody cancels I'm
on the [ __ ] Roger Royale [ __ ] this is
gonna be my third [ __ ] time I do
train wrecks every [ __ ] Thursday
night like how is this I don't
understand where this idea is coming
from that I'm literally doing nothing
and on top of like the Roger on the
train wreck [ __ ] that's like five hours
a week that I that is like unscheduled 5
to 10 depending on how long out on them
is like stuff that's not even going
towards my hourly totals because I can't
stream while I'm on it right and even on
top of that I'm streaming 200 plus hours
a month like come on really
now if you want to complain that I've
been like unfriendly towards the
European time zone yeah ok I can view I
can do that
like 5-hour and like I'm literally over
the
last month even going out as much as I
have I've screamed seven and a half
hours a day every single day like what
the [ __ ] it's actually the mushrooms
like I don't understand what this has to
do with anything I can't wait to be done
with this game because I die because
there's no [ __ ] way I'm doing all
this [ __ ] again better if I can believe
it
okay what do I have to do to beat this
[ __ ] camp I can go 300 feet deep now
I don't know what I'm supposed to do
with that but I can do it did you know
this person is your neighbor wait how do
you guys know this who is this I mean I
see they're somewhat famous oh my god
it's Firefox holy [ __ ] this website what
is this awkward no mine is only 1% okay
too much I saved your credit card
information for you I am so confused
right now
[Music]
okay I would donate $1000 if Battlefield
made a battlefield 6 game and the game
opened with the prologue being you
watching your character like going
through grade school and then going
through middle school and going through
high school and then doing like a year
or two of college and then like you have
like a girlfriend you've got like your
parents and you get drafted and then you
get sent to war and you die in the first
two minutes of gameplay and its a
permadeath and then it deletes your game
and it fries your disc and the final
message is like one of the most
realistic parts of war is that a lot of
young men's lives were ended before they
could ever really begin and that's like
the actual game that would be [ __ ] so
[ __ ] funny
copper I get from breaking open dumb
[ __ ] right like that this should be
copper right here I'm so good you say I
just knew it guys are you [ __ ] jelly
what is happening here why am I not
getting Oh cuz it's growing
they were always stable you gonna finish
the Aurora's radioactive fallout will
have devastating effects on the alien
ecosystem the [ __ ] - we'll see about
that [ __ ]
deeper deeper maximum depth reached hull
damage imminent okay whoa whoa whoa
thanks for the [ __ ] warning dude wait
is that an outcry
[Music]
okay we're done with us wait what are
these things
[Applause]
Chuck your databank for a note left by a
player in the time capsule Oh cold ice
time capsules contain endgame items left
by others who beat the game please
please don't use the time capsule items
they ruin everything
sounds like Dark Souls oh my god is this
[ __ ] is there any way to get this out
wait why are people saying there go of
my upgrades I could just take him out
can I wear these just people who don't
live the game right you can craft a tool
to push things maybe okay wait where's
my ship are we done with this game
already okay what
I see is there how do I get this way can
i glitch through the wall okay so this
warp forward let me out wait what the
[ __ ] my sighs [ __ ] [ __ ] falling apart
oh wait what the [ __ ]
this is falling apart too wait why is
this falling apart now every time you
add a piece onto your base lower
structural integrity I just don't know
why cuz I guess this is somehow
connected to that somehow cuz they're
like close to each other sometimes boom
boom let me say way ho destiny
amazing whoa holy [ __ ] the [ __ ] is that
against Kotsay I'm done huh does this
turn you on Jesus Christ okay am ia done
with us I don't think
[Music]
they check and I did a blob spinny well
how was great kinda like a rubber hanger
cappuccino popping channel hub channel
box you know definitely got the Chop
Shop batino idiots
[Music]
