Wow am i dude what's up oh are you
excited not particularly but oh how you
doing how's life
um could be better but alright so here
we are in the flesh chatting to one
another
I love Poland random song from Twitter
missus this is the highlight of my week
definitely an effective strategy I agree
okay where do you want to begin my dude
I'll give you the option of directing
the conversation I honestly think we
should just go back to generally where
this started because track of it okay
sure
well it started with you tweeting at me
that I'm a short limp-wristed incest
defending beta male manlet that thinks
socialism is a viable option we can work
away back from there where do you get
the idea that I support socialism
curious I just was pulling that out of
my butt um okay I'll give you that one I
guess and then we've got limp-wristed I
give you that one I guess incest
defending we can focus on that one since
this seems to be such a fun topic yeah
what do you get the idea that I defend
incest
it's button we have a cold but I'll try
not to
um it originally starts with the clips
of you going well why is incest one that
one hence of all and I think that on
it's a direct affirmation you know
approval of incest like it's completely
morally correct it's I agree that it's
simply you know bringing up the topic of
discussion but so anytime somebody
questions something that any
that somebody takes for granted or
anytime somebody's got like like wants
to bring a discussion up like well why
is this wrong you think that that means
that they are explicitly endorsing it
it's not a little extreme mmm i I just I
okay let me collect my thoughts here
it's not necessarily if you question
something that on itself is not a you
know direct affirmation that incest is
morally it's it's more or less just to
opening up discussion I I agree but it's
wasn't that all I did when I asked that
question isn't it just a way to open up
discussion yes and that particular
instance however I guest was recently
looking at for your past it incest
debates with completely random people
such as myself and I disagree on why on
several of your points like yeah and I'm
sorry I have a cold I'm quite tired but
well I'm just like I'm curious I guess
you're gonna talk about a number so I'm
curious to hear it why do you think
incest is wrong I think incest is wrong
for numerous reasons and I think that
you have to look at it you know in two
different forums I think you have to
look at it you have to make different
arguments for heterosexual incest and
then homosexual incest so I think that
though or you know slightly different
arguments to be made against the two
well that kind of makes it sound like
you don't have any arguments against
incest then if you have to make
different arguments for different types
of it right if you can argue that incest
is wrong shouldn't you be able to argue
that all in size wrong the slight differ
different creations between you know
petals heterosexual incest and
homosexual incest overall I think that I
can argue fairly well that
of all is a bad concept but you also
have to go into further detail between
the two and you definitely have to make
that you know differentiation between
the two to stay
all right the same thing in my opinion
all right well which one do you want to
start with let's start with heterosexual
incest so the concept that incest is bad
is generally you know a social construct
that stems from the fact that humans
naturally want to with you know close
family members you'd see the fact that
there's possible repercussions
repercussions in terms of genetics in
offspring okay but couldn't you just
have protected sex yes that that's I'm
just stating quiet you know it generally
stems from yeah understand your state
but I'm so I'm countering your statement
with an argument to challenge the
validity of that statement you say that
one reason why people think that incest
is wrong is because of creating
genetically [ __ ] offspring so I
proposed the option to engage and incest
without ever having offspring right as a
challenge to that argument so it seems
like you can have heterosexual incestual
relationships without ever having
offspring yeah as a about that argument
that that's a perfectly you know valid
statement and that's why I think that
does somewhat of a between no sexual
incest and homosexual incest at least in
terms of that argument so I completely
agree with you there if it's purely just
to UM if it's purely just for the sake
of you know not creating a
however you want to describe it my
nation of nafse playing that is a
alternative to that so it's argument is
perfectly valid to defeat at that point
so it's this is more of a should it be
done rather than you know done with no
repercussions because I think yeah it
could be especially now in you know the
modern world it could be done without
any repercussions but well then let's
move on to the arguments that aren't
easily countered then okay I wasn't
[Music]
bring up but basically I think that
incest at its core is morally wrong
because of the different tips that you
develop with you
you know close relatives as you're
growing up I think it's much different
than that of someone who's in a
relationship it's I'm sorry I think
generally that I think generally that
waiting entirely if it's you know
distant relatives as opposed to close
little tips who are you to make a moral
judgment on the interpersonal
relationship that somebody else has with
a family member just saying that it's
mmm I need to face some stuff because
I'm not the best at articulating my
points okay as he can tell but I think
that these interpersonal relationships
just growing up I generally you know
different than those of which she would
you know
you ship the young relationship with
that person you know who you're a couple
with would be much different than one
with your siblings at least growing up
because children all right you know
little children aren't thinking about
that well no one's talking about little
children I never advocated for
pedophilia saying that but I'm just
saying when you're growing up as a child
the relationships that you're going to
be developing aren't going to be based
off of you know well you know you know
romantic relationships they're going to
be based off of friendships and Buzz you
know I'm having trouble describing my
walls but yeah you see what I mean
hopefully if not just tell me because I
can be quite well it sounds like yours I
think that children grow up and they
form certain types of relationships I
mean that are unique in the family
structure I don't disagree with this but
I'm I guess I'm asking what is your
moral argument against incest like what
my moral seems like a non sequitur so
morally all of this is originally it I
thought that wasn't too much of a gray
area now that I'm looking into it it
definitely is
it's wouldn't you I think okay let me
can you say that that's slightly
interesting because I feel like earlier
you tweeted that there was no gray area
my I did I literally asked you a single
question I just asked you why it was
wrong and your entire argument has like
fallen apart why are you such a mean
person online I'm curious okay so um
honestly I think that with you at least
in particular
because you do let it get to you
I'd let why got to me insults no I don't
I you just black up and move on my dude
that's why I didn't like respond to you
hardly at all I know but it's in my
opinion the fact that he did respond
prove my point
well I responded because sometimes I
firm content by taking people that act
very confident online and then bringing
them into a verbal setting where every
single thing that they said online
starts to look like a satire of itself
because you've completely fallen apart
when I posed you like a single simple
question
so I mean you kind of whoof were falling
a little bit far behind on the on the
make me look like a I'm hold on which
one was it a hobbit a little bit boy
getting ass blasted by whichever guest I
bring on are you one of those guests
that's ass blasting me right now most
definitely not I agree that I'm falling
apart that six I'm a loser why is it
irritates me because like you acted very
very very very very mean online and you
made some very strong statements but now
that I bring you on here you sound like
one of the most incest supporting people
that I've ever talked to you don't have
a single argument against incest due to
the fact that I'm I can't really
articulate my points too well
typically when it's online it's
difficult or you will fat Widow
definitely because it's you miss all the
connotation of actually you know talking
someone but it also gives me the time to
think out you know what I'm going to
wanna so you tweeted this like almost 20
like over 24 hours ago contra is this is
controversial ethics to a [ __ ] redneck
but to the rest of the intelligent
population it is universally a bad thing
like it sounds like you you have a very
strong opinion on this but you can't
articulate a single intelligent thought
as a defense yeah I am really bad at
that but it's kind of thinking
not necessarily how I would put it but
it's when you're actually you know
that's why I'm saying that this is a
very good strategy that you use it's not
a strategy I just brought you on you to
have a conversation I haven't I haven't
insulted you I completely go with me I
just asked you a question
no you just read yourself no that's the
point it's when you that's the you know
point of it at least how I see is you
know people do act much differently
online than they would you know when
actually talking to the person but uh
yeah it's I'm actually I'm a little bit
curious okay let's do a little exercise
in empathy how do you think it feels
from my perspective when I get a million
people like you that are tweeting under
Ian's little wing to try to like throw
up totally random insults at me saying
that I'm a socialist or that I'm an
incest supporter and then when I talk to
them most of them end up sounding like
you not that you sound particularly bad
I mean you are about on the same level
as most other of these types of drones
that I bring on like don't you think
like that's a little annoying like does
Ian have to do with a hit oh I didn't I
assume that you came from his crowd who
did you see - yo I I honestly don't even
remember but ya know I think it just was
I saw you generally with insults I'm
completely fine with people insulting me
because I'd be a massive hypocrite if I
wasn't okay with that I mean and there
are tons of things to himself I don't
care about insulting you
it's the the I don't even care about
being insulted that [ __ ] is fun for me
I've been on the internet my whole life
okay insults are fun for me the annoying
part is when I get misrepresented so
like how can you call me a socialist
like you said that you were joking but
you reference socialism in multiple
tweets you asked if socialism is where I
draw the line and then you said that I'm
phenomenally [ __ ] or a horrible
person based on a belief that you just
admitted you have no idea if I actually
even support I was do you think that
Sweden actually has bomb attacks on a
daily basis on a daily basis but they
definitely do have
terrorist-related tax at a much higher
levels and you know other countries and
I think that what is relatable do you
know how many terrorist attacks Sweden
has had this year there's also a gray
area to that because the government um
the Swedish government doesn't
necessarily classify all of these
attacks as terrorist attacks can you
give an example of a terrorist attack
that happened in Sweden that they didn't
classify as a terrorist attack
oh it's getting pretty sweaty man in
here hold on hang it on the fan on
hello um yeah I'm just yeah I'm sorry I
mean like yeah there are definitely
problems in Sweden right now I would
even go as far as to say there are
probably problems with Muslims in Sweden
right now but it seems like the
hyperbole doesn't really help the
conversation well in terms of socialism
I what's it I think necessarily to miss
was a misrepresent you mostly I guess
was I asked but well who's even who even
advocates for socialism
look at those applies for that comment
because that's it's definitely uh I
definitely was quite pleased with
reaction I got after that well like is
so that's how you determine like who's
actually advocating for a position as
you make a tweet and then you see who
responds to you I'm not necessarily
saying that you advocate for socialism
well you're saying that random people
that tweeted advocated for socialism did
anybody that usually had it even start
to defend socialism well hold on let me
I'm getting that but ain't necessarily I
didn't necessarily mean to myself as any
nor do I think you actually defend
socialism or advocate for it another
what but I don't think that the it's I
don't think that's the main topic here
which is getting a little off track but
if you want to keep on it I'm fine we
can go wherever you want to go here
just was looking at the Swedish thing
sorry for being so disorganized and
discombobulated I am quite nervous
because again it's this is a quite smart
D when you just Paul and the people from
Twitter to defend and make an argument
well I guess it's just it's just a
little bit irritating on my own to see
that somebody that would have so much
[ __ ] to talk on Twitter like when they
talk to me they like have nothing to say
I don't know that's just do you see how
that could be a little frustrating on my
end I guess I definitely do I'm a
disorganized mess but I I think that's
more to me because I've I think that
mm-hmm okay
I'm regular this um again I apologize
for being so completely disoriented all
right well hey do you want to call it
here buddy uh yeah if you want me off
the you know straight you can talk for
as long as you want but if you're if you
feel like the conversation but come to a
close we can call it here if you want no
cuz I've been a little disoriented and
discombobulated so I would like to try
and come off of this not looking like a
complete total jackass so um which I've
Enoch said looking like because I
haven't really made any valid points as
of yet I let's see
okay so just now that I've forgotten my
thoughts somewhat collected it's in
terms of why you know the original point
on why incest is um crap I'm eating the
chat and mmm don't worry in the chat
dude whoo that's yeah that's a it's
gonna stir it you know wolf now imagine
trying to do this on a daily basis
except it's all over your Twitter all
over your social media all over reddit
and then on random forums about you to
who you're getting at is a glimpse into
my life oh I can mmm again I really
don't want to come off as a hypocrite so
that's uh you be waited my copypasta
otherwise is what I'm talking about
it's in terms of like you know getting
insults I honestly think that it's as
long as you as long as you can
you know insult someone but then take it
when it comes to acted back at you I
think it's completely you know I think
there's nothing wrong with that oh I
agree I agree just as much i insult
people though I expected I guess was
rambling on Twitter so well but it's
just but now but ideologically attacking
me is different if you want to call me a
if you want to call me a limp-wristed
limp-wristed that's totally hard but you
said that I defended socialism and I
defended incest now these are
ideological disagreements that are
patently false you might actually think
I'm a beta male manlet which is fine or
that I have a limp wrist which is also
fine but a socialist supporter yeah no
no I'm just saying that like the it's
just the misrepresentation of arguing
I guess is a little bit irritating and
an incest supporter who yeah that's uh
yeah I know the cat is truly amazing
yeah in terms of that and
misrepresentation with the with the
socialism argument yeah I understand you
were just moving on that I guess I got
you there yeah I got it up in a second
tweet but we'll go ahead and say you
were moving there sure carried off with
the people applying but so I not
necessarily directed to achieve but of
with the incest argument I really
haven't
it's what's off what's the skull about
this is is your extrema and so when you
me now on YouTube it's usually in large
chunks and so it's it's quite difficult
to still to see that and make it cuz
concise point based off of that but in
any case it's I think I I disagree that
incest is morally ambiguous I don't
think that those you know I think that
there is some what there is a small gray
area yeah I'm dying on this is gonna be
I'm gonna die on stream well what is why
is it morally wrong then I guess that
brings us back to the initial question I
think it's morally wrong because it
destroys families um and also that in a
personal relationships which brings me
back to that well what do you mean by
destroys families what if everyone in
the family is cool with it I'm getting
to that
it's I think it's you have to be some
kind of messed up to just you know think
that it's completely morally okay and I
think the reason for this is if you're
so in if humans are so intrinsically
ingrained with the instinct to you know
be so opposed to incest that I think
that there's definitely that definitely
has to be something what about people
that made the same arguments against
interracial relationships people that
were revolts by people that look too
different than them do you think that's
a good argument that interracial
relationships are morally wrong
mmm I've gotta collect my thoughts on
that cuz that's actually a really good
point but um it's humans are naturally
you know drawn to people that are like
them they you know prefer to be around
it's just that's one of our instincts
that's of which civilization is founded
upon people natural you know humans are
social creatures and they naturally
really want to you know the they are
more attracted to people that you know
look like them act like them I similar
to them
that's generally you know again how
civilization has been formed as people
go you know it people form groups based
off of you know similarities so um so
what the idea that you're kind of
engaging with is the idea that we can
extrapolate morals from our intuitive
biological feelings so if you think
that's well because you're basically
saying that if you have an innate
revulsion toward something it is morally
wrong but I don't know if you want to
make that argument because I can ask you
