hey what's up but hey I'm not too bad
how you doing yourself I'm pretty good
how you doing I'm good some Goods uh uh
me too how are you doing what's your
pulse like what's been going on that
should be heart rate okay clutch to a
levels fine okay so you are a Brit boner
coming to bond yeah brexit stuff yeah I
seems to do everybody else's head of
doing versus head over in with it over
here in the UK so I thought I'd do your
head in well that's okay your head is
that like Brit Bangor for like have a
talkie walkie or what is that what does
do your head do your head in basically
get on your nerves
okay gotcha oh-hoo windup while your
accents already got you're halfway there
so yeah there we go yeah I'm on the
other side of the salt breaks it debate
I kind of covered with the last time you
spoke I can't under name the guy that
you spoke to last time I'm stream about
this but I'm kind of near the other end
of the bracelet debate I've been a probe
remain sort of campaigner since sort of
the referendum but now like a candidate
for one of the political parties over
here them across and stuff so I'm just
generally a Ramona as the lights of
callers over here okay and so we just
thought I'd sent a email to yourself
obviously to kind of offer any sort of
like sort of insight into the whole
situation because I know it can be a
little bit confusing to anyone it's not
kind of experience in it so how how no
deal are you feeling right now I I'm
sorry it's sort of the worst outcome for
me like I don't think there could be a
possibly worst outcome I mean but that's
like the at this point it's looking like
that's probably what's gonna happen
right uh it's it's likely and the
problem is at the moment it'll be a no
deal if Boris Johnson could find a way
past a recent bill passed by Parliament
called the been hat basic makes it
illegal for him to leave on October 31st
was a deal so there's only other option
yeah so there's only other option is to
pledge for an extension which
at the moment I'm hearing through the
rumor mill that a pro might be till 31st
of January so this will be the third
expansion yeah push through and so far
nobody gave a can down the road yeah
yeah yeah I mean this is exactly I mean
this I think it's a kind of the
conservative mantra over here it's just
kind of kid become down a road as long
as you can and then whoever's in the
future can deal with it anything at some
point you ever like people forget about
it it was like all right listen guys cuz
it's not one ago but it was simple minds
of the year like 2050 - or something
like that and people are doing the
ritual exit of the European Union nobody
really knows what it means but we still
do are you familiar with um how the
United States handles its debt um very
loosely there's only so much that nobody
comes - yeah so I'm pretty sure I could
be wrong but I think like in your system
you guys have a debt and you just can
acquire more and more debt if you need
to defend your government and it's not a
big deal right you've kind of I mean one
of the big things that conservators has
been the case since the 2010 general
election has been trying to get down the
deficit yeah sure sure okay check this
out okay in America all right we don't
want to have that much debt cuz it's bad
so we actually have a cap on how much
we're allowed to go into debt as a
country right right but the thing is is
that every single time we hit the cap we
just vote to raise it and it's always a
huge fight every time it happened it's
cuz they're like well we're not gonna
vote to raise the debt ceiling if you
don't commit and so we fight over like
every few years god of oak trees that
ice like God vote to raise it and it's
just like a perpetual fight that America
like always has and I'm kind of
wondering if like brags it kind of like
goes the same way where you guys are
just gonna be like alright listen
Briggs is getting moved to 2027 and then
we'll and then it like every year it
just becomes like another fight I feel
like the European Union oh sure nope
click that way to that I feel like at
some point the European Union though is
not gonna be okay with your perpetual
like state of flux no I think they're
already pretty much at the end of the
tether the pissed off is possibly they
come be mean France it's not the first
time they kind of mentioned anything in
regards to just having enough with all
this altogether and
can't really blame them because again
he's kicking the can down the road yeah
but for Britain on the sort of like but
mine so to speak it's a division across
so many divides that have been
long-standing in the country you know
I've always kind of seen it it's like
Britain's always had these long-standing
issues that would come in to face
whether the moment with brexit the
issues that the face Elizabeth breaks
itself that's a symptom of long-standing
issues that we've had for decades uh-huh
and it what breaks it does it holds up a
mirror in front of the UK and we don't
like what we're seeing so it's just a
case of either smash the mirror with a
No Deal breaks it or embrace that's the
fact of what we are and look against
whether we enter in the EU but look at
the reforms that we need to make
ourselves I'm kind of curious if you go
to summarize the whole world and put
people on on either side of one line
what would like the big divide be in
your opinion like where what is the
dividing line see I mean it is
complicated because I can say something
that will kind of resonate the same with
the UK it might be the same with the
u.s. because I mean that very much the
the energies and that student went in
for Donald Trump's election very much
the same as walkins in for the leave
vote in the UK so with that because I
think what power Donald Trump's election
is the same what breaks it it wasn't
particularly there was an element of
xenophobia and racism those in there but
that wasn't confused driving factor it
was an appetite for something different
and a sense of abandon that needed to be
kind of met so with where I live in the
UK were considered in the labor
heartlines it's a very working-class
town old mine my community and stuff and
since the factory is to when the mines
have been closed down and everything
over that time the town has never been
given an opportunity to kind of
revitalize or find that identity itself
for that time so as years have gone by
it's just kind of stagnated and people
become resentful and then when you start
drip feeding poison people's ears like
oh it's the immigrants fault is the
--use fault you'll start to believe that
as being
the reason as opposed to seeing what you
know we're the actual business owners
because there's no investment or
development going on in these places and
so I would probably say it's I probably
say it's that it's a difference between
the haves and have-nots so to be sure
all right so I kind of agree with you
but I almost feel like that's a proxy
for another divide it really feels to me
and this is a kind of dystopian er it's
kind of weird but when it comes to
things like Bragg's it when it comes to
things like Trump I'm gonna comes to
like a lot of social issues it feels
like the dividing line is as simple as
urban versus rural I feel like there are
so many dividing lines and that that
like divide between like the people that
live in these like I would call them
mega cities now places like LA San
Francisco London these like huge
sprawling centers of like urban wealth
are always seem to be like at ends or
juxtapose to like the rural people like
their social values are different you
know city dwellers tend to be more
tolerant of immigrants of like
homosexuality transgender people like
all these social issues or whatever it
seems that the divide is economic city
people tend to want like globalism
cheaper consumer goods they don't care
as much about like protecting our
manufacturing wares world people can be
a lot more like motivated into like
protect like mining towns and whatnot
yeah and and then in terms of like
leaders you know like rural people want
like these strong I don't to say fascist
but these strong like authoritarian
quasi protectionist isolationist leaders
and then the city people are more like
hey like I want to be connected to the
rest of the world yeah it seems I mean I
don't know I mean there's suppose
suppose I'm a UK US but there's kind of
a folder when it comes to the breaks
that argument now because a lot of
people I generally tend to face with the
local leave campaigners or regional
leave campaigners and stuff and you're
generally turns here's like or the II
use of protection strategies a
protection racket it's like but part of
it I mean that there's a certain level
of protection every cover every sort of
when you look at um let's see if I can
find like if I break down like [ __ ] I
hate synergy so works grammar okay see
if I like it like brags it leave or
let's see if we can find like brexit
vote by district I
think that like even when you look
inside of your countries countries what
do you consider like Scotland England
what do you call these states or
countries okay yeah like even when you
look and say these countries like it
feels like you find like a lot of the
remainders are gonna be found in places
like London and a lot of the levers
leavers people want to leave are gonna
be found in places that are like more
rural yeah well I mean it kind of
depends but I mean I suppose what kind
of yeah it's supposed depends on what
you kind of defined as rural cuz I
wouldn't say where I am from would be a
would be rural
what's a if you don't me I say what's
like the approximate like population
size or whatever some of these places
I don't know fuck-all about the UK or
anything what city what areas are
something I'm guessing this is like a
big city guys is this so this is like
eyesight Greater Manchester so it's
generally about three hundred thousand
people that live so this is if you go
it's where it's with Liverpool would be
a web Manchester is which is just in the
north
yes just bring Google map so it would be
a little try to look at the map that
you've just got off of them this is
Wales okay got your say yeah yeah this
Wales so yet you'd not to punch so if
you just go up a little bit from where
you were so yeah it's like I'm kind of
kick okay I've never know some scream
before so I admit I could be like
totally when I look at this it was like
I'm bringing up like this is like a
population density map okay of like the
United Kingdom and then these are the
people that voted for like remain versus
leave so like here in the bottom row is
this London I should know I was just
there like a month ago yeah okay so like
I see London right here okay and then I
look at the map here and it's like oh
there's a lot of remainders here right
and then like if I see you all up I see
I don't know what the [ __ ] city or area
this is but then if I look on the map
like it seems like these areas like kind
of around here I think are like like
okay yeah and then like whatever this
city or area is like up here seems to be
like so right there we just we surrend
in right there that's kind of
interesting so one the right hand side
of it does Manchester the left hand side
is Liverpool right in between that the
middle of that that's where it goes I am
so I'm right in the sense
of both these or metropolitan areas I
generally are sort of town is a runoff
for either of these places if you live
somewhere like here your work and either
of these two cities sure and when I look
at like the heaviest like the heaviest
leave portion it like looks like it's
like over here like north of London and
then maybe east of London oops and then
I look at the density like over here
this is like the sparse this populated
place it's like it looks like pretty
wrong I don't know what the [ __ ] this is
over here I think I mean I think that
was like Grimsby and stuff so I think
that's like more so the highest sort of
leaf votes came from that side of the
country
Oh the this is like electorate size is
actually mapped out oh [ __ ] I didn't
even need that Harbhajan okay but yeah
okay yeah I don't know yeah in the
United States I don't know if you ever
saw like the maps like it is like it
generally the population seems to be
mostly in California it's what's New
York's like East Coast West Coast but if
you break down like the districts like
you can see like all the places that
would for Trump are like very heavy
rural and even in like the more even in
the more like like a conservative state
so like I'm from Nebraska like your
little islands of blue like this is
Omaha this is Lincoln it's your big
cities right and even in places like
Texas you know like you've got like
you're I think this is Dallas in Austin
or maybe everything's backwards but like
your cities are usually the ones that
like lean blue and then all the rural
areas are end up going like really red I
know it's that divide seems like very
interested in me yeah I mean it's like I
think there's a lot of it I mean the
sort of society the rural divide so like
where we are at the moment here a he
does kind of follow along side of luck
of opportunities for a lot of these yeah
for sure yeah so is the instead to my
question Sheila said if there's a level
of stagnation here so with generally if
it was to carry character I'd like
northerners northern England would
generally quite proud people don't like
to you know later look out for each
other there's a sense of community we
don't like any sort of was you know
there's a suspicion to change there's
very much of strong sort of sense of
keeping organized entity and stuff and
the idea with the way that the vote
leave campaign was sold was the case of
tape
control and go back to the way that
things work yeah well if there's no sort
of it's a very vague sort of sense of
the label in what sense do you want do
you want to kind of go back and
everything then I think it it taps into
the same base of Trump campaign to an
extent it was kind of a sense of a
change not for something progressive or
new but a change in to the sense of
going back to the way that things used
to be
let's bring the jobs back to America
let's you know bring people and keep all
the white people in the country and
stuff is some sort of campaign strategy
the benefits of I like a mr. Rent
Control the benefits of globalization
are very hard to see like yeah if I can
buy a computer for cheap Oh like how is
that from globalization right like
that's really hard for like a Percy but
the destructive effects of globalization
are immediate and can be ever-present of
his life right like I can look at
Detroit and go that's globalization like
we lost so much manufacturing all these
people are out of jobs these
neighborhoods and cities that were once
great manufacturing centers have fallen
apart like so like it sucks because like
globalization well obviously I'm a huge
capitalist and a globalist so I will say
like globalization is an immense benefit
to the unconscious you know per minute
sorry oh sorry wait can you hear me now
oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah so like I mean
as I said like I'm a globalist in a
capitalist so I'll obviously say like I
think globalism is a huge benefit to the
world but like it's really hard to see
those benefits and it's really easy to
see the damages which which can make it
a really hard sell for for the people
especially that are damaged by it yeah
yeah it's yeah it's its fault if I took
a because I mean that could go into
there's so many sort of levels cuz the
way I've put it across the salon the
other day there's so many different sort
levels of division within the UK and I
think I'll come and play with the whole
brexit debate there's a sense of young
against old since against North against
South is the the plays up to the cluster
finds a place into racism yeah there's
just so many different sort of device
ever play here and there's a general
sense of denial like if you talk to any
sort of average person on the street
about it at this point now if they were
even I mean with the tone like mine you
could talk
we probably are voted for break set and
you say well aren't you concerned about
you know company exits that are going to
poor production from the UK and that's
going to cost jobs are you concerned
about that so so well at the end the day
no one really knows what's happened
they'll retreat to that there's no they
don't want to think or talk about it
something like that because they don't
want to think I mean it's it's the same
as you're saying before proud people
that don't want to be kind of made to be
seen as if it was a wrong decision or
something yeah it's just yeah I've heard
people like you know like I'm so sorry
do you know how like sargon of akkad is
oh I've heard people like him talk about
um like you know like oh well you know
the United Kingdom is such a great
economy that we don't even need the EU
like we're gonna be negotiating
everything on our terms now like we're
gonna like be stronger than the whole
European Union and it's like alright
they'd like
let's Chile's even the United States
can't really exist on its own at this
point like I don't think it's gonna be
able to pull it off like Jesus is
deluded I mean he's been on this planet
a lot longer than me and seems that he
seems these pics of half as much common
sense as I probably he has no [ __ ]
idea was talking about this is the sort
of guy that would probably turn around
and say oh well you know the UK is the
fifth largest economy in the world it
says well yeah but that makes up for
[ __ ] two percent of the global you
know GDP so quite that you can turn
around and say it's the fifth largest
economy because it's disingenuous to the
fact like that 2% is nothing compared to
the entire you know not to mention the
size of your economy is largely informed
by your imports an export market right
when you put some other countries and
then you improve upon those goods to
sell them like that's counting towards
your economy right yeah with us yeah
they'll be the way I've always kind of
viewed it I mean this is something
definitely kind of picked up over the
last few years and the campaign in the
way I've always kind of seen the UK's
relationship on the global stage is that
it's always been this quantum king
banker or sort of bridge between the EU
and the US so if you pull back to late
2012 the UK generally set as the
mediator between these two solar powers
because I mean I think it's Joe Biden
and Brees did a podcast with one of our
ex Deputy PM Nick Clegg a sense of along
the lines of we the US never felt like
it gone with the EU this was even under
the Obama administration
in the u.s. never felt like could go on
with the year but the UK was that bred
shonduras other Avenue into the EU for
discussions and to be able to kind of
progress to things that way and the u.s.
used that the UK used that it's always
leverage this there has always been like
the salesman of the world which is kind
of a case like oh come and do trade with
us without fully you mum yeah you're
like the you're like the drug connect
like okay exactly you're not to be your
friend because do the guy that is the
connector that goes down forever exactly
yeah Pablo Escobar of the that's that's
the way that we've always been and we
don't see this I mean the problem is I
mean I think you've said before in the
stream before you you put forward a vote
talking about you know trade agreements
and frankly all this sort of boring
maligned stuff that no one figured but
yeah dated don't roast them you say
expect me to make a vote on it they're
not gonna have any sort of idea so
instead they're gonna go for the voice
that's gonna seem like the most
emotionally appealing which in ace was
saying about control yeah lost control I
feel like um it's so hard to talk about
because I don't even know like what do
you think will happen if you guys
actually know deal leave like do you
really think it would get to like the
level of like food shortages and sure
they do you think that stuff will carry
on like normal but a little worse or
will it have like actual dramatically
horrible impacts like what do you think
is really bizarre
it depends on as I suppose this this'll
answers this question at the at the
moment depends with who you want to
believe generally I always side with
either the dates are the professionals
or the experts the people who know the
industries who work in these industries
and listen to what they have to say so
there was I think it was lost lost
earlier this year there was a letter a
joint letter sent out from basically the
major supermarkets in the UK some major
food suppliers all turn around and
saying we can't have a no deal because
we can't we can't confirm we'll be able
to keep food on the shelves if that's
the case there's been concerns coming
over from the NHS from medical
professionals saying that there is a
distinct risk of drugs coming into the
UK that could put people's lives at risk
if there's a no deal breaks it and then
at the same time I mean it came in I
think it was last month there was a
doctor that almost took one of the
ministers Jacob Riis blog who's like a
cartoon version of a British
a cartoon character British man if he
was threatening to take him to court
because it was a classic case of a
doctor someone who is a specialist in
this field did some work for the
government to put forward protect
projections and what No Deal scenario
would be if the UK it came forward that
them and maybe supplies to the drugs and
stuff like that
and if there any sort of disruptions to
that it will be on the government for
doing that so then this Jacob Riis more
character came out and said oh no it's
project fear it sold why it will be fine
it'll be great
Britain will be a trade and power house
completely ignorant to the point that's
been made and basically compared the
guide to being some sort of fancy facts
Scarah and it's like for [ __ ] sake
this to the coast within our country and
anytime that someone comes for with
expert advice it's just kind of shoveled
away is someone that doesn't believe in
Britain on and off as if his [ __ ]
Scientology or something yeah oh but
again there's just so many sort of
different angles at this point now is he
as it kind of goes across if annoyed no
deal comes through the way I'm kind of
saying is the projections coming out
from you know the Bank of England with
everything else I take them as the baton
because I don't between him or just some
sort of swivel-eyed tourists on the
front benches and more than tightly to
believe the expert in some sort of you
know someone in China saying I'm a
British guy he literally compared the
doctor that wrote the No Deal medical
plans to the guy who made the vaccines
cause autism study yeah yeah yeah that's
what did but yeah exactly but that's a
and apparently was kind of things
verbatim and then he did make an apology
in Parliament for it for as much as that
kind of a mounted for the comparisons
there and it's not just up with ice up
in there's so many different levels when
the letter came out was saying before
about the multiple supermarkets and
stuff it was washed away as being scare
mongering or something that's not should
be taken seriously or anything like that
it's playing with people's lives it's I
don't know it's weird because I've been
kind of I'm at a point with it notes or
where I'm sort of really soft
pessimistic about the whole thing that I
try and keep up with like running
company
and doing anything I come from my little
bit of the world um but it's ace
exhaustion because it's like meeting up
a world the difficulty is and it started
all the way back in 2016 with the
campaigning for the referendum because
the remain campaign was so [ __ ] yeah the
leave campaign was so full of bollocks
and they just turned it is complete [ __ ]
show well it felt like I don't know
maybe you know the climate better it
felt like you guys didn't think that it
would actually happen like it was like
no way people would actually vote remain
that was generally I mean when mine
where I was I mean a very much felt like
they was gonna go that direction anyway
so I was nervous as [ __ ] when it came
right to the referendum day so I was
gonna go on one way or another I used to
work in a school at its time and I
remember waking up the next day and
seeing the result and thinking like what
happens she came downstairs she smiling
like hoarding and I'm I don't [ __ ]
start
you mark my words David Cameron resigned
and this will be the start of years of
trouble he just [ __ ] moonwalk the [ __ ]
out you're like it like Daisy he did you
see the video there's a video of him
when he gave his announced his
resignation he was [ __ ] humming and
singing to himself walking back to
number 10 afternoon notice this
resignation
it's like [ __ ] hell it's like a dog
doing [ __ ] on the road and it just cries
to going you know wants to play fetch
after it don't hold [ __ ] well yeah but
yeah I remember that I remember going
into work that day and it was a student
that was teaching the time she was in
year 11 and AdWords for a company and I
don't know what was but he was in
Germany quite often every now and again
and she came in she was like what would
happen now like it's my dad can I lose
this job and I was just like I don't
know because it's a weird position we
the way when I used to teach myself has
issues to be a you know not to lie um
just kind of tell the truth as often as
you can but I don't want to turn around
and say to her oh I know everything will
be fine cuz Brent it's gonna be
brilliant fine but at the same time I
don't want to turn red I know you
that's definitely gonna get sucks
because yeah there's no way you're gonna
keep on the job so I just have to say I
don't know because no one really or
still even knows like Sheila's I've seen
everything from like the stock market's
gonna fall for a little bit and it's
gonna suck but like things will get a
little bit more expensive but eventually
they'll kind of go back to normal ish
just a little all the way to like it's
gonna be like catastrophic like there's
literally going to be problems like
supplying food to everybody in the
country like it's gonna be like Soviet
Union era [ __ ] [ __ ] or something no
sense I mean it's it's weird as it kind
of stands at the moment brakes hiss come
on let's get to lead again we're gonna
be doing a general election soon hear
something hear something we'll probably
disagree on okay so you've heard the
talks of like a second referendum right
yes I feel yeah so I actually disagree
with that and I'm curious your stance is
so I actually feel like so to be very
clear I don't know if you've got this a
pressure or not I'm very like anti
Bragg's it I think it was horrible I
think it's gonna be really bad for the
UK everything economy social [ __ ] like
sovereignty everything it's gonna be
really bad you know however I have like
philosophically like democratically it
seems like doing a second referendum is
like very [ __ ] weird like where
basically you do one referendum and then
like wait a second okay hold on guys
like let's try again like we didn't get
the right result and then you do another
one do you undermine like a lot of your
democratic processes or like any
reference to the future doing that yeah
this has been this has been my thing for
the last three years I mined for second
referendum and I wasn't initially it
took until about fully enough it took
until Donald Trump's election for me to
actually activate so to speak and
actually campaign and do stuff and join
the party
and and I do think a second referendum
is kind of the only way to solve the
mess I mean not to get so confused
because I always I always like to make
this distinction the referendum will
solve the brexit question but it won't
solve any of the divisions I don't think
anybody could at this time it's always
much easier to break something that is
to fix them so we're already broken at
this point by breaks and it's going to
take years to fix it by the way my
argument is it's always better to do
that off a strong economic base and if
we can do it via a second referendum and
hold
the campaign to remain again then we
have at least the economic foundation to
start building up all the sort of
divides socially from there but maybe
biggest sort thing with it is the
information campaign in the went on for
the referendum first time around back in
2016
none of it the biggest comparison I
always put it to as the Scottish
independence referendum when their
referendum was done the SNP at the time
released a white paper whole manifesto
an idea of what's Scotland would be
independent and gave that to the voters
and said this is your judgment this is
what we'll do if we become independent
and you know outlined the strategy of
what he wants to do and obviously people
anyway you learn to be by the UK's us
what so I've heard this argument a lot
like there's a lot of lying bla bla bla
bla bla but this is true of literally
every single everything ever right like
politically like people lie about like
literally everything I just I guess like
my only worry to be clear if I was in
the United Kingdom I'd probably say [ __ ]
all of this and I would want a second
referendum anyway to stave off like
apocalyptic conditions but like um like
I mean it is in case sorry well like cuz
there's literally there's misinformation
around literally every single like
electoral issue [ __ ] ever right all
the way from America says that you know
because we have to find our military or
else the whole world will nuke us - we
need minimum wage also everybody's gonna
storm the streets - like all like all of
this [ __ ] happens like with every
electoral issue every time right yeah
he's different with that main I always
kiss he's different the brexit campaign
because I mean with general elections
will generate sense to get bail there's
some exaggerations or maybe some you
know a nice bit of a manifesto this is
by the part the difference is is that
when the principle I mean I am obviously
believe in democracy myself and that's
where I'm at [ __ ] the book say yeah but
my my general argument is when the
brexit vote was done it's difficult to
campaign or is difficult to kind of
leverage a fair campaign against
fanciful just sort of like unicorn
dreams so at the time the leave campaign
was saying stuff like we'll be able to
retain all of our oceans retain all of
our privileges with the EU and then also
be able to trade trailers yeah let me
see that also funding going to the EU is
gonna go to the NHS that although yeah
yeah I'm
has no foundations of any studies there
was nothing harder pack this up but it
was just them saying stuff to say it's
kind of win the vote and when it's come
out and this end of it this is where a
lot of the confusions come into it
because the problem is the biggest
problem with the referendum is that it's
not a firm topic it's not a firm sort of
decision you could turn around to
someone and say if you having say if you
had a hosting a dinner meal you said
right you've got your two options what
you want you've got this Caesar salad or
we'll have meat and so people vote and
you say okay I'll have me okay the table
voted six to five we're gonna have me
okay fair enough will have me okay what
sort of meat do we want and people start
arguing amongst themselves between what
I wanted turkey or i wanted chicken and
then before you know it there's
divisions among stuff that's been the
last three years so imagine a dinner
party acting about what sort of chicken
almost sort of yet one event well we in
the yeah in the United States it's
actually over health care is what we do
the Sun so like yeah we need some form
of universal health care yeah everybody
like I think there's a huge consensus
now it's like 80 percent but then it's
like okay should we ban private health
care and do Medicare for all
well wait hold on you're gonna bet
weight and now it's like we'll wait [ __ ]
the path forward is actually it's really
annoying because sometimes people
present things as binary issues like
well let's either yes or no but it's
like no once you say yes or no there's
like very complicated pads before you
that you might not agree on either right
which is what yeah obviously you're
finding out with brexit and we found it
with a bunch of everybody political
issues are really complicated yeah yeah
I mean the suppose the biggest
comparison there was a referendum in
Switzerland not long ago I'll have to
find out details for it but basically it
was something to do with a change it
wasn't to do with a change in some sort
of immigration policy of theirs because
generally if Switzerland runs to
referendums constantly anyway and and
the government turned around and
rejected the referendum result and they
gave the reason was because that the the
reason for is that the proposal on the
referendum it wasn't clear enough to
fail to form a sort of like stern policy
or anything from it which is the sense
of an option to take and so now they're
gonna they're gonna do a rivo and a
rerun of the referendum to make sure the
selection of the options of the
referendum a lot more what's it called
you know they're understood only
something that could build the policy
from and at the moment breaks it just
isn't that there's there's no sort
policy to build from there yeah I mean
there's actual people no campaign in
there to him is like oh well I wanted a
No Deal all the time it's like no you
[ __ ] didn't nobody wanted to know the
other time because he was seen as
impossible it was being campaigns up he
would get a deal
and that they would be a very possible
thing to do and it's just not based on
and I think it's just that I think it's
just that sense the goal posts have been
changed quite a lot things are so much
different now that we're back in 2016 I
think it's worth going back and asking
the people again just to start to
rebuild things to where we were
there's any other avenues like shooting
ourselves in the head yeah but I don't
know I mean I'd still think it's the
best definitely the best course of
action there is the sort of like he's an
anti-democratic sort of thing to do but
I think I don't think the UK Excel
forget stand up and say so most
democratic country in the world anyway I
mean we got the House of Lords finding
out about some relationship I like
reading about weird political [ __ ] in
other [ __ ] countries I didn't know the
House of Lords existed until six months
ago that's really [ __ ] funny
because generally the the consensus in
the UK for the House of Lords is either
it should be abolished or should be
reformed I think should be reformed just
having elected second chamber yeah yeah
I was so weird cuz I'd always heard like
in the United States like our Senate we
have a bicameral legislation too and I
would always hear like oh our Senate is
based off the House of Lords and then
like well I don't remember why but I
heard something about it was like that
sounds where and I looked up like how
your House of Lords actually works like
wait this is nothing like the Senate
what the [ __ ] it's [ __ ] there's a
scandal
and those laws they get paid like 300
pound a day for being part of house of
laws and there's a scandal of one of
them that was using his money to buy
like prostitutes there's a video that
came out with him it was a I think it
was a bishop or something came up with
him like still in Ko cuffs and
prostitutes or some food and stuff
that's actually really good though in
the United Kingdom your bishops [ __ ]
prostitutes in the United States our
bishops [ __ ] little boys so I mean it's
and a person and suppose that's one
thing if you try and keep themselves
behaved but but yeah it's it's [ __ ]
I mean it ties it to things like I said
earlier on the problem is with the UK
for the large points that breaks it
holds up a mirror to a lot of our faults
were foots so much like a lot of people
are scratching their heads when the
referendum was called because it was
like oh it's just whoever gets the
majorities like well surely if it's like
a constitutional change Letitia should
be two-thirds majority or you know
something just some sort of like thingy
to make sure to my choice you've got a
direct will or what people's going to
say because when you look to the polls
going up to the referendum is either
going to go one way or another and no
one could really calm which was as you
said before people thought I was gonna
go remain I just just didn't some people
were devoting the other way just a
little bit of a fun way if you guys are
feeling real dumb now there's like a
50/50 chance that we reelect Donald
Trump so yeah I mean I've only been kind
of keeping at least I mean isn't Warren
like ahead and the polls
yeah she's doing pretty good right now
but like even if she wins like on the
Democratic side like there's a good
chance that Donald Trump wins reelection
I think it's like I'm like I would say
like it's 50/50 now I'm curious what the
voting odds are actually but I was
saying to him I saying to be friendly
other day in work I think it probably
bad for the Democrats of the ad Biden
solely because he does seem a bit
doddery and if you just say something
slightly racist at least he'll be able
to appease to some of the Trump
supporters they were genuinely races
because they problem like that feel to
things resists just think that someone
in there that isn't true
I used to agree on the Biden thing but
he's made so many gas and Elizabeth
Warren has done a really good job at
like pulling people from like all the
other camps that she's like emerging I
think it's like a pretty strong
frontrunner like she's doing a really
good job
oh yeah so the betting odds right now
have it like almost split almost 50/50
between Donald Trump and Elizabeth
Warren right now it's pretty crazy
second term Trump sounds like a [ __ ]
fever dream
if I'm talking back right what's up it
just seems I it'd be I don't know a
thing I I'm looking to kind of the us at
amount of some good news opposite this
peach mood stuff us going on a moment
cuz I just need something to cheer me up
because everything I hear about breaks
it even if it sends some of my favorite
like that like oh it's just waiting for
the pro remain parties just fine yeah
one thing that sucks is even if you guys
managed to stave off Briggs in and it
doesn't happen there's still like a huge
divide that's gonna have to be healed in
that country because there are gonna be
a sizable portion of British yeah or not
British but you you what do you call a
leave ourselves like UK ish United
Kingdom errs what do you guys like
British British okay yeah generally
British wait is that so like even like
somebody from Wales or Scotland like I
could refer to them as British yeah so I
mean generally you you Francis what if
they're from England and from England
Scotland Wales and Northern Ireland of
like if there's a pro unionist they you
can propose them as British okay also I
mean I'm British as well as English as
well as well yeah okay yeah so like even
like it seems like there's like a
sizable chunk of British people that are
going to be like pretty upset if the Li
thing doesn't happen like that's gonna
be like a big like disenfranchised chunk
of people they're gonna have to be dealt
with that are gonna be looking for like
retaliation come next election season
you know I believe interesting cuz when
you look at the obvious it was a before
we're heading towards a general election
the it's really when you look at the
polling and stuff to the way that things
are now it's changed so much because at
the end of 2015 that's when the
Conservatives got their majority the
they that was all kind of establishing
like a Conservative government labeling
opposition Liberal Democrats were
destroyed UK Independence Party at the
time was kind of posed in a kind of
threat to the Conservatives up until the
point that they've completely collapsed
and now it's it's changed all
drastically all of a sudden so both
labour and the Conservatives the two
sort of establishment PI's if they are
struggling the polls the Conservatives
are struggling against the brexit party
and labor struggle against the Liberal
Democrats how big is your like brexit
party
so once won it back in 2007 is the
coalition Liberal Democrats are in
government with the Conservatives after
that coalition it got absolutely
destroyed and people thought that that
would be it for the devil Liberal
Democrats he went from like it was 51
MPs dense at eight okay how many members
of parliament you have altogether and
know at the moment we have 19 I don't
know I mean like for your more
government like how many okay there's a
base 650 okay carries at Parliament so
there's only eight in there down from
like 50 okay somewhere he used to be a
sizeable chunk that used to be the
kingmaker in Parliament it was decimated
completely nice sorry God did so much
damage he's just yeah so then as all
this breaks it messes kind of come about
you get back faster pilot sargon of
akkad and they were kind of tanking
start to slow down because people didn't
really see the point of view keep
anymore because of breaks that the
conservative start to take a pro breaks
it line and so they put this recently in
power who was a remainer
but then so to leave breaks it
government which is a bit mistake my
team has been so much stagnating
underneath Jeremy Corbyn for a while now
and the Liberal Democrats have slowly
been climbing back up to where they is a
couple of times to where they've tops
the polls and once or twice now and even
a few times they kind of overtake labour
every now and again is the second
largest party which is insane
considering where they used to be but
most likely when when the polls do come
over for the general election they
probably won't return anything to the
size of a enough to do a government or
anything it will likely be another hunk
Parliament if there's another general
election which means coalition's deals
and stuff like that for whatever happens
gotcha
but yeah there's so many things at play
at the moment I mean it's it's crazy
it's [ __ ] crazy
well just try to think back as I can't
remember what else was said during the
consumers that you have the conversation
with last time wasn't were they had an
advisor for you Kip or something prior
or something are you talking about the
British guy that I talked to a long time
ago yeah I can was it back in February
it's awesome about itself um I don't I
don't know um he said he was he some
really nice I like the way he talked but
I think it was conservative but he did a
good job at like not like being overtly
conservative but if you think in the
same guy you talked about the guy that
like kind of like interviewed me and
just asked me questions or whatever yeah
I think so I'm trying to remember the
minutes like I said the emails I
initially going talk to you there's
literally from the video yeah I remember
you cuz you mentioned it yeah yeah if I
can that was it from there to solve
maybe there's some sort of insight I
could kind of offer from here me and my
sunny disposition and normal accent just
to see like a kind of a third but it's
yeah there's so there's this and not I
remember what she knows thinking that's
not right like that's like I'm pretty
sure he was like a politics major or
something and there was stuff that you
saying I was just completely wrong
looked like you didn't know much about
the host of lords himself or anything
let's just know I wonder if maybe it was
something somebody different than I'm
not sure sorry you broke up memos that
I'm sorry maybe it was so many different
than I'm not sure I don't remember yeah
I mean did you ever get a chance to talk
to sod that I care about any of this
about breaks it no otherwise [ __ ] I
should though the last thing I think
that a would be cancer suspect actually
no I'm not going to yeah I could it's
basically the same lines you'd probably
use because before generally you are
generally sensor here is as I said
before they will retreat back and say
well no one really knows like we've had
enough of the experts or some [ __ ] like
oh yeah that line that anti-intellectual
line is really although now that I'm
getting into I don't know how much you
follow my [ __ ] like politically now that
I'm starting to debate lefties though I
hear like a lot of the same thing we're
tired of the experience I can't
economics isn't a real science like [ __ ]
all this [ __ ] here a lot of it
yes the things I mean where I where I
live it's a strong sort of labor held
tone and I think this is power my
exhaustion I mean the briggsie stuff
exhaust me but so does
conservatives and labour party overall
just
if they've broke down my will because
the hardcore Jeremy Corbyn supporters
though thing to be a bit like I don't
wake on the Bernie Sanders supporters
over over there like the hardcore of
them they they're they're just
exhausting because I don't know whether
they know basic maths or not like
austerity is bad I agree with that but
like infinite like spending an infinite
taxation or they probably not the way to
go it's probably a healthy balance in
the middle somewhere but what's the
thing because I mean they one of the big
sort of policies don't push it aside it
breaks is like oh we want to read
nationalize the energy companies here in
the UK that's why yeah that's one of the
big positives when push for and they
keep getting advised by United Utilities
and stuff like if you do this is that
it's not going to be a smooth sailing
you think it's gonna be I can my
part-time job or work a night shift at
the moment my part-time job is for like
a metering company that works for energy
companies on their behalf and stuff so
if labor were in government and they
were to nationalize the energy for it if
I can sector that puts that company at
risk then and all basically quite a lot
of jobs in this area
2/3 going through that and considering
they're meant to be the pro workers
party it just doesn't sit right with me
that's all plus you know those debts
that the company has when I meant to pay
my tax towards paying off the desk the
government's gonna inherit from taking
over this company when they rationalizes
it will [ __ ] why am i doing that yeah
especially in a post like Venezuela
world like I feel like x2 the moment
like ISIL I feel like the toys have gone
so far an opposite when's this
ridiculous yeah yeah yeah wait can you
hear me hello oh sorry
oh wait hello oh honey a you've gone
hello hello wait oh yeah yeah I mean I
think I think we agree on most things
yeah yeah I mean a certificate again for
certain emails so I don't think there's
anything that's all that we do disagree
on as far as I can say I mean yeah I
think even with the second referendum
stuff like I'm campaigning for it but
it's just kind of a last resort I mean I
don't know
the party that I'm sort of represents in
our path
they did just back to strategy to revoke
article 50 oh right and basically stop
breaks it right if they were to win a
general election and get a majority
government
but you know it's overturn another a
referendum result on favor something
about somebody so I don't know what this
is or visitor Lynette were so many my
dad just said if I want to get really
angry I should quiz you over something
called HS to hate just say um what is
that yeah basically hates just tears a
high-speed railway coming from London to
the north
I wanted a few northerners that supports
teachers too I'm fine with it
people like be opposed to it I could
kind of say because the general saw
thing was like it builds through it goes
through rural lands and you know it
destroys some oh it's farm lands and
stuff that bears the soil environment so
argument for would you kind of see I
would probably say that the problem is
that hs2 is a doesn't pray you should
really prioritize infrastructure north
first before concentrating between the
link between the north and and London
but generally I'm in favor of it because
I think there's a strong departmental
argument for it and this strong sort of
like financial incentive for it so
generally when people think about it
they think oh it saves the you know a
couple minutes of a train journey from
Manchester to London when it's not just
that it takes freight trains off the
main lines which you know it frees up a
lot more space for more ease to being
taken off the motorway study oh [ __ ]
surrender the trains it just makes me
one it just makes economic sense of
thing one compliment I can give to your
country
London has so many [ __ ] people
walking around more than any other city
I've been to on the planet but your
traffic congestion is actually not that
bad
the the tube and everything works like
pretty well I guess I gets late a lot or
it seems like maybe it could be but in
terms of like getting to places as an
American person anyway I mean London's
pretty great with this public transport
but the further north you get the shit's
or it gets like so I mean when I anytime
I go down to visit London
I'll see like southerners down there
gent get genuinely angry and genuinely
annoyed because they've missed the tube
yeah
and then there's another one coming in
like two minutes yeah that's so nice a
like his even though like it seemed like
when I was mapping out like it was late
like pretty often but it runs like every
[ __ ] like six minutes or whatever
like it seems like it's pretty [ __ ]
constant whereas an America in a lot of
place if you miss a bus you're gone for
like two hours like if you miss a buzz
like it could be a long time before how
much was that man oh you keep break you
dope
oh [ __ ] can you hear me hello you still
there hello testing one two one two
what the [ __ ] Lennon is the busiest
place you've been penguin for foot
traffic yeah for sure or I don't know
where all you have been but like where
have you been that there's more foot
traffic than in London can you hear me
hello I haven't spent a lot of time in
New York City so I'm not sure if New
York City I mean with the further of
north you get in the UK the shift of the
public transport gets like I live in in
Greater Manchester it takes me about you
know on a good day near enough like 45
minutes to get from where I live in some
one gesture which you really shouldn't
take that long just because the train
system and the rails are just so [ __ ]
up he just takes much longer than it
needs to
I mean it just gets worse the further up
you go is ridiculous
sure again it's like an investment and
in these places the case people wound up
okay well yeah um I guess anything else
sir
are we good I think I think we're good I
mean again it was never going to really
be a debate or anything cuz I think good
range yeah similar but yeah I'm happy
not gonna give an update you know maybe
post break say whether what happens
after October looking on likely old you
know we're the year 3000 we probably
might go through huh oh just wait and
see
alright cool well hey listen I really
appreciate the conversation
yeah I'm oh good a field it it's been
fun and maybe we'll talk in the future
yeah you had definitely just hit me up
at any point them
all right cool I appreciate the
conversation I didn't see like how don't
put me in psychotic yeah sounds like
we've identified that the universe
itself or what we perceive to be the
universe is not fundamental
