how is Trump cheating on his wife
relevant to anything who the [ __ ] cares
about it who cares about it I personally
liked how you reduced interpreters to
email leaks into a straw man about pizza
gate when there was so much more dirt in
them
Trump won because when everyone saw what
those emails what was in those emails
they wanted Hillary less than they
wanted Trump it's that simple
Trump won because people like you are
uneducated and [ __ ] [ __ ] and dumb
[ __ ] like you oh dude I'm so glad you
[ __ ] voted for Trump because you and
your [ __ ] [ __ ] dumb [ __ ] family are
gonna get [ __ ]
cuz I'm fine dude cuz you bought it for
Trump I don't have to pay for health
care next year I'm [ __ ] healthy I
don't have to pay a tax burden on it I
can continue to hide money to my
business you're making me richer dawg I
am getting wealthy off of your [ __ ]
ignorance while your dumb [ __ ]
unachieved [ __ ] ass probably making
40 or 50 a year with your shitty [ __ ]
four-year it's [ __ ] voting for tax
cuts for me cuz guess what my job is
gonna be fine
your job is the one gettin automated
buddy okay it's gonna be a lot harder
for a robot to do what I do than it is
for whatever dumb [ __ ] [ __ ] you do
and I know that whatever you do is
[ __ ] dumb cuz you're dumb enough to
[ __ ] vote for Trump so there's
already like a high level of probability
that you either sub 90 IQ or doing some
jobs get replaced real [ __ ] soon so if
you want to sit here with your [ __ ]
well actually destiny if you would have
seen how many times the letter P
appeared in that email you would realize
that Podesta was a secret child rapist
and you know even though the Benghazi
and the Hillary grillings that lasted
hundreds of hours you know resulted in
zero indictments and the Russian
investigation that's totally [ __ ] fake
by the way that's already produced over
20 credible indictments plus [ __ ]
people that have already been convicted
the man of forts the Flynn's the [ __ ]
Gates the all the [ __ ] people have
already been convicted federally
convicted of crimes around Trump right
all of that is [ __ ] fake though I love
it dude I love every [ __ ] day of it
when the revolution happens I'm gonna be
[ __ ] fine
I got [ __ ] money I got my [ __ ] gun
this you're gonna be the [ __ ] people
crawl around in the street too [ __ ]
stupid to tell your [ __ ] ass from
your [ __ ] sister
aka your [ __ ] wife cuz it's the only
[ __ ] girl you ever probably [ __ ]
convinced to actually touch your [ __ ]
dick okay
I'm gonna be fine that's all I'm saying
all right I love all of you guys you're
all very great people get me the [ __ ]
here oh my god I need to [ __ ] I need
to leave I can't even believe my face
when the multi-billionaire Trump is the
common man like there is so much [ __ ]
that happens today that is like it would
be considered bad writing in a movie
right like so much of what Trump does if
you were to write it as satire people
would be like this isn't really the best
writing it's too on-the-nose like if you
really want Trump to be this type of
like you know kind of like evil
character that satirizes you know like
an extreme fascist like idiot like you
got to be a little bit more subtle you
know like these tweets like you know
it's saying there are good people on
both sides of a [ __ ] Nazi rally like
it's just too dumb you know you know
saying that the Republicans vote in
Trump is there every man when he's a
multi-billionaire guy they'd [ __ ] it
is so [ __ ] hideous he's got a ship a
wife in from Eastern Europe or whatever
to actually [ __ ] marry him happy
[ __ ] still cheats on her [ __ ]
cheese on that white it's like it's how
many [ __ ] wives he gone through right
and he still cheats on that one any
[ __ ] as his [ __ ] personal lawyer
[ __ ] pay him off so they don't tell
people that he's [ __ ] these porn
stars and [ __ ] well he's married to his
goddamn wife and his [ __ ] lawyer he's
already been federally [ __ ] it died
for it and now he is Giuliani of all
people defending him with the public
ring because he probably saw what
[ __ ] TV you know that's true right
the only reason that Trump privately
picked Giuliani's cuz Giuliani is on
[ __ ] television like holy [ __ ] oh
[ __ ] me all right I love you guys I got
it I gotta get the [ __ ] out of here this
country is [ __ ] I wish I didn't have
a kid sometimes so I just pack my [ __ ]
and get the [ __ ] out of here cuz goddamn
our Americans some of the dumbest
[ __ ] in the [ __ ] world holy
can give yourselves everybody gave
yourself a pat on the back right now
you're amazing amazing the same country
that produced the Silent Generation and
the technological Boone's and and all of
the the the the investment in in
technology and all the innovation have
produced such a great environment today
for knowledge just amazing all right
on the back europe might be just as
[ __ ] by the way i mean [ __ ] the
UK voted for brexit [ __ ] lepen had
like twenty or thirty percent of vote
and if i could frame i don't know Sweden
you've got a lot of crazy [ __ ] going on
with your [ __ ] white nationalist date
so I mean your might be as [ __ ] I
live here so who the [ __ ] knows I don't
even know where the [ __ ] I would go mod
the xkr-s xqc here I don't know what his
twitch name is it's like oh it's this
one how is Trump cheating on his wife
relevant to anything who the [ __ ] cares
about it oh who cares
you mean Republicans the people who talk
about [ __ ] god every [ __ ] two
SEC's give me Trump that holds up the
[ __ ] Bible that holds up the Bible
and says is the most important book ever
written when not cheating your [ __ ]
wife is one of the ten commandments what
do you mean who cares about that one
[ __ ] 95 percent the evangelicals part
of the largest book and religious voter
base the United States votes Republican
every [ __ ] election you're gonna tell
me who cares about cheating on your wife
are you [ __ ] [ __ ]
please sterilize yourself immediately
chop your [ __ ] balls off how could
you say something so [ __ ] stupid
okay the Republican Party care about
treating your [ __ ] wife the same
[ __ ] party they do a [ __ ] tab
wherever when Sean Hannity did a report
about [ __ ] Obama asking for Dijon
mustard
how are you [ __ ] serious how you
gonna say that [ __ ] maybe the average
Trump supporter today doesn't care about
people cheating on their [ __ ] wives
whatever cuz I don't know most you would
seem like your [ __ ] is sixteen whoa but
they can be because you all [ __ ]
voted so I guess they gotta be older
than that here's your guide to
Republican morality okay here's our
Republican morality works in the US if a
Democrat does it it's bad if a
Republican does it who the [ __ ] cares
alright where is that guy the [ __ ] um
representative
Jordan what Jordan guy the guy that they
apparently like knew a lot about like
some kitty did living [ __ ] going on
who's still in [ __ ] office who's had
multiple people come forward that make
similar accusations against him being
aware of the [ __ ] sexual abuse that
was going on in like the gym of the
[ __ ] Jim Jordan yeah what the [ __ ]
what's going on with that dude where is
he our Republican still defending this
guy the only I hope I make it far enough
to see [ __ ] people hang that's all I
want to see we need to break back public
[ __ ] execution and United say so the
first one the first one marching up to
the guillotine is gonna be [ __ ] Nunez
all right that's where we're going I
all right in a video game in gta5 all
right that's where I just want to
roleplay that Jesus [ __ ] it's real life
hands me a tail [ __ ] how about the
repugnant Center from Oklahoma said
transgenders shouldn't be allowed in the
bathroom of their choice it's
transgender people be careful okay
shouldn't be allowed in the path
insurance cuz they were a threat to
children then he got caught with an
underage male prostitute nice
why isn't Trump impeached yet then we
can't get you can't impeach somebody
don't like them there has to be some
type of there has to be some type of
charge you start against them and that's
not gonna happen ever Trumbull probably
finishes term depending on the mole
investigation because even after the
upcoming midterms the Senate's
definitely not flipping I think people
are saying the house is gonna flip but
um I'm sorry let me back up you know cuz
no intent you're wrong Disney took you
to me Frank's like a reason why he okay
the Senate is not gonna [ __ ] a peach
okay yeah the Senate's not gonna peach I
think you need to send it for
impeachment proceedings to go through
and that's not gonna switch so [ __ ]
whatever
yeah impeachment is a political thing
yeah sure but technically you have to
have some formal charge to bring against
somebody for impeaching them right like
you only it has to begin impeachment
yeah but that you have to go through the
Senate to make it right did you see this
destiny GOP officials in Pennsylvania
call NFL players who kneel baboons why
do they I want to believe that like
Republicans this is just like accidental
[ __ ] did you guys did we watch this
video on stream oh my [ __ ] god like
at the BART border yeah I just love them
let the people watched it this is the
president's deputy campaign manager this
is the type of hateful screed that you
saw in 26 is and honestly this is what
this is why by the way Democrats are
gonna win this try this in 2016
two years with two years of trumpism
looks like and it looks like Charlotte's
Ville it looks like calling judges of
Mexican descent not being able to make
make judicial decisions because they're
of a certain descent
it's called attack on the Khan family
people have seen what this president's
about but Joe see what his agenda
if the president said all these things
he said and you don't like his tweets do
you think two wrongs make a right so
then you're gonna double down about it's
not about two wrongs making a right you
know you started this segment saying
that progressives and Democrats in the
left are attacking the president calling
him a racist no you're just calling him
out listen you don't have to be a golden
retriever to hear all the dog whistles
coming out of the White House these days
are from my friend David over here final
one you said that about David David
Michael Michael Hayden posted a picture
of Auschwitz liberal Michael Hayden yeah
that they're screaming like okay you're
out of your cotton-picking mind it's
gotta be intentional right there's no
[ __ ] way he can't help himself I feel
like I would get more of these he is
probably the best [ __ ] speaking of oh my
god did you know that being married is
healthy for you in their life by
interviewing people in the seven 1970s
and the 1980s
50 and they see that they keep it
together
I find this
I find this someone lit it to the Finns
and Swedes to come up with something
because that's a we are we're wearing we
keep marrying other species and other
ethics and pure genes every other Swedes
because that's the rule
Finland Finns are American of the Finns
so they have a pure society in America
we marry everybody oh yeah the Florida
guy that was talking about because of
that black guy running for governor in
Florida well look I mean this is the
Florida which those Democrat debates
none of that it was my cup of tea but I
mean he performed better than the other
people there so so we've got to work
hard to make sure that we continue
Florida going in a good direction let's
build off the success we've had on
governor Scott the last thing we need to
do is to monkey this up by trying to
embrace a socialist Ajay
I don't know if it's dog whistling or
not I can't tell this was like a few
weeks ago this was like one week ago
like okay don't post this dumb [ __ ] in
my chat the two sides meme we're not
doing that [ __ ] okay we're not doing
this [ __ ] okay the two sides are just as
bad get the [ __ ] out of here with that
[ __ ] there are not two Saints sides on
things like [ __ ] global warming there
are not two same sides on things like
[ __ ] health care there are not two
same sides on things like [ __ ]
supply-side economics there are not two
same sides on things like Trump's
fascist [ __ ] tendencies to attack the
median [ __ ] okay these are not positions
that have equally valid sides we can
pretend like both people can't I do
[ __ ] bad things like that [ __ ] off of
that [ __ ] [ __ ] okay
that's absolute [ __ ] [ __ ] if you
are a Republican
today you are [ __ ] insane I am
[ __ ] sorry I
not met somebody yet that identifies as
a Republican that I [ __ ] respect in
any size shape or form you can't have a
modicum [ __ ] of intelligence if you
honestly on ironically are proud to call
yourself a Republican okay you can never
recognize that both sides absolutely do
the same thing
hello I am a classical liberal and I'm
here to tell you that both political
parties are the bads you've never
debated someone like me before [ __ ] off
dude you're not [ __ ] edgy you know
[ __ ] intelligent you're not saying
anything like you're not saying anything
[ __ ] insightful all right you're just
a [ __ ] root you're [ __ ] so dumb
you're so [ __ ] dumb bro okay where's
my where's my goddamn fedora so that
sounded like you just don't like Trump
I'm sure you could debate why Trump
would be a better president than Clinton
nope why you want to come on and do it I
got time for one more buddy I would love
to go through I would love to go through
Trump successful policies with you my
dude I got I got all the time in the
world [ __ ] it man my kid doesn't get off
school for 12 [ __ ] hours okay I don't
need to sleep for more than eight um
well um so Trump made the economy real
good he's the nuclear deal with a North
Korea that I haven't read anything about
the past month so I think that it's
still on let's see oh isn't it a holiday
oh [ __ ] oh maybe I don't have anything
today then or you could be like the
[ __ ] who's that dumb [ __ ] the the
amazing atheist all the all the liberals
online that somehow on ironically
support oh well actually if we vote for
Trump then it'll cause the weaker parts
of the left to the more radical parts to
be weeded out by the by the more sane
parts and by strengthening the power of
the right and causing them to
ubiquitously control every single level
of government it'll cause the left
become so strong that I'll be able to
rejoin them as their newly fortified
left is you know [ __ ] utopia and
it'll be so good after I you know write
that kind of [ __ ] destiny you would not
support the media in the way that you'd
do a few new history and how often the
media is lie to the public start Foreign
Wars look up the gulf of tonkin look at
RMS Lusitania look up yeah now your
testimony it's amazing that the left
used to be the ones who criticize
the media the media probably does a lot
of [ __ ] line but you better [ __ ]
believe that I would trust independent
media outlets instead of a [ __ ] state
media dog
what are you American or are you like a
[ __ ] European or something I'm not
here to tell you that the media is
always [ __ ] perfect and the media
probably pushes a ton of shitty [ __ ]
narratives on to us I don't deny that
but I would rather be able to dissect
the shitty meat narratives that the
media pushes on us rather than state
controlled media [ __ ] that [ __ ] don't
project on a TJ he doesn't support Trump
nope TJ's a [ __ ] [ __ ] I've seen
enough I listen to him
I don't think the TJ supports Trump so
cool for him but he's a [ __ ] idiot
he's like one of those woke centrists
that think that everything is [ __ ]
both sides memes the both sides mean
that's a third that's the trifecta if
you want to come on and you just want me
to [ __ ] die okay you're watching my
extreme you like you know what I'm done
with destiny I'm gonna make him [ __ ]
kill himself in a video game here's what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna come on and I'm
going to one be stupid to be smug and
then three lay both sides are the same
that's your that's your like that is
your trifecta of mental retardation
right there you just can't get any more
perfect than that all right hey destiny
viewer from Serbia here the only reason
I like Trump is because Hillary husband
bombed Serbia back in 1999 with uranium
rich bombs hitting hospitals
kindergartens and other civilian
structures among the targeted military
structures that aimed bombs ah oh cool
dude well glad we got Trump in there
that we fully [ __ ] support miss
Farrell and then bombing the [ __ ] out of
the palestine's
remember the remember the 40 little kids
that just got [ __ ] killed a week ago
with bombs that we send to Saudi Arabia
by the way the Yemen Civil War
that shit's still happening by the way
the Yemen Civil War that kicked out that
other guy they [ __ ] was a multi
[ __ ] billionaire where all of his
[ __ ] people were starving it was
backed by the [ __ ] Gulf states of
Saudi Arabia that we support oh by the
way we don't like Iran because they
support terrorists here you go Saudi
Arabia go nuke some more [ __ ] kids oh
come on dude [ __ ] off you're so [ __ ]
stupid where are you go back to [ __ ]
Serbia dude get out of here you're
[ __ ] so dumb [ __ ] kill me holy
[ __ ] uh okay I will if you want to say
to if you wanted to sides me on any
argument it could be American foreign
policy and I'd probably agree with you
but for a domestic apartment for demand
no it wouldn't even be for foreign
policy because Obama might have been a
[ __ ] crazy ass but
Warhawk but at least we had the Iran
deal like [ __ ] that's like good
effort my [ __ ] he [ __ ] tried oh my
god
serious of a war Iran deal I mean you
know some good some bad isn't bringing
up Saudi Arabia bombing its
justification for Clinton bombing Syria
two sides oh no it is I'm just saying
that the idea that you're voting for a
Republican because you don't like
Clinton because Clinton bomb some [ __ ]
is hilariously [ __ ] stupid you need a
different reason than that because
Republicans are gonna [ __ ] stop
bombing the middle leaves like the [ __ ]
is that [ __ ] what a dumb [ __ ] that's
like saying like I was gonna vote for
Hillary over Obama but then I decided
that I don't like people that have
eyeballs like the [ __ ] what a dumb
[ __ ] thing and then I'm like you know
that they both have eyeballs right you
like destiny aren't you kind of doing
the two sides thing here aren't you kind
of doing the two side well no I'm just
saying that if you're voting for one
over the other it sure as [ __ ] isn't
