my dearest friend oh boy what's up hey
how's it going I'm doing I'm doing it
I'm here oh yeah
this isn't a debate by the way um you
just talked a lot about the EU and I
don't talk about it that much to be fair
I don't claim that's just rude no I was
I was pulling a conversation on Twitter
I think you do a really good job of like
communicating and verbalizing or like
the different wait let me let me throw
you a bump because I hear okay you do a
really good job of like explaining the
objectives of the EU and why exactly and
and why exactly we need greater levels
of like say financial integration and
you do a good job of like defending free
trade and defending immigration but I
think kind of where you fall a little
bit short is of your critique of the
euro skeptic side of the table and to to
preface this real quickly but I abhor
waiting oh yeah go ahead oh I've heard
some critiques that sound like they
could be legitimate
so like the idea that certain countries
might have more weight within the euro
zone that they can use to bully around
other countries or that the way that the
currency is manipulated might like
positively impact some countries and
negatively impact others I do
acknowledge that there are probably good
critiques that I have not engaged with
of the of the EU but I should have said
that unity resign of the EU but those
are never the critiques that people
publicly notes oh yeah I agree
so that's kind of like my goal here is
just to kind of make you aware of the
euro skeptic position and by the way
your euro skeptic has nothing to do with
like to skip the community of you know I
know I know this is kind of like the
position to be kinda so almost I can be
right back okay I think
he comes back Jeff's on the call now
destiny let's talk
hey back yep hear me yeah yeah so
basically I'm talking a bit I'm not
trying like defend something like brexit
specifically but I think the Euroskeptic
position is a lot more rooted yeah has a
lot of ability in it actually I kind of
goes back to the origins of the EU what
I think a lot of people don't really get
is that the EU wasn't the brainchild of
economists saying hey you guys should
like we should all make this huge
political organization and make all
these you know countries come together
yeah it was like something and European
we should all live together [ __ ] or
whatever right yeah it was like
basically the idea was proposed and
pushed by the politicians not really the
economists you know and it's not because
the economists don't like the objectives
like free trade immigration financial
integration is because the Economist's
were skeptical about the ability of the
EU to actually have any sort of
political unification which is why they
weren't sure or they were skeptical many
of them were about the actual like
long-term viability of the project sure
so this would be like liberals that
bleeding-heart liberals that advocate
for open borders and immigration without
responsibly managing like the fiscal
side of things are actually creating
proper incentives to have immigration
work right or a little bit it's actually
kind of like and to bring up a point
you've made and the point you made in
the past and arguing with brexit err
you've said like where would the United
States be if the US had never like
economically and politically integrated
yeah unified but I think the key point
about the the Euroskeptic position is
that the United States was already
financially integrated before the
political unification happened and I
think there's this misconception that
people have when they think about
globalization and as conception is that
people think that the economy is
globalized like globalization is here
but the reality is that like we aren't
even close to globalization I guess
barely just started and if you look at
Europe and you look at the economies of
Europe they aren't even close to the
levels of financial integration that we
had in the United States before we
actually came together and unified
politically so the concern of the Israel
so just a challenge on that is that
really true because I thought that they
had standardized almost everything
within the EU now that if you want to
trade from one country to another in the
EU it's incredibly simple to do so you
using a common currency you you all of
the laws and regulations and everything
are consistent from one state to the
next
it's alright I'll say what you're saying
is that the EU is basically they're
trying to promote financial integration
right yeah
but the idea is that like they're trying
to use sort of this political entity to
promote financial integration whereas
like the US didn't do that the financial
integration happened before the
political unity so there wasn't some
central political authority like forcing
integration in the u.s. it happened
before the states came together sure you
know I'd be fair there's more than just
the political entity - you've got the
European Central Bank as well that does
monetary policies well that's that's
even worse because when you have a
monetary policy where you have a
monetary union especially it's really
important that the economies of that
monetary zone like share some similarity
right yeah monetary policy is super
important because I become that that the
monetary policy doesn't reflect the best
interest of every nation all the time
exactly so then the question kind of
becomes like well this collection of
countries might make a good a good
common currency area if they're similar
economies right they're dissimilar
economies it's probably not a good idea
to have a common currency well there's
this really interesting analysis by JP
Morgan Chase you should look at I put it
in chat right now you should open that
one stream also Skype it to you okay
cool yeah so basically JPMorgan Chase
said okay how can we measure like the
similarity of these theoretical economic
or currency zones and basically what it
did was this analyst analysis takes a
hundred factors that are related to like
labor goods and market efficiency which
are coming with the letter yeah and
basically the idea is that they measure
the similarity of theoretical currency
areas or theoretical monetary zones and
on the left side you have like market
economies of Latin America which are by
this measure like increase I'm yeah yet
similar and therefore arguably by this
measurement more ripe for some sort of
economic unification and then you have
like the reconstitution of the Ottoman
Empire circa 1800 if you kind of just
force those countries and do it into an
economic Union that's their similarity
and they yeah like you said all the way
over there yeah you have countries
beginning with a little utter em are
coincidentally more similar than the
countries of the of the EU so I think
when you kind of like a
something like brexit it's like I don't
necessarily support brexit I don't
really know what the best course of
action is now but I think the idea is
basically that if you try to force a
political integration into a body a
country that doesn't have sufficient
financial integration that these like
problems are predictable exist and they
were they were predicted like this what
the contents were saying was that like
these economies are so different it's
too premature to kind of force them
together into this Union they aren't
gonna be amenable to sharing political
power and it cut when I see your
critique on Twitter to be fair where I
know you kind of like embellish a bit
but I don't think I don't think it's
just like [ __ ] racist nationalism
that's the reason there might be
exhibited reasoning not to vote for it
but I think a lot of the reasoning was
rooted in immigration and post regs and
polling has reflected as much that a lot
of things it I think you're right but
that's kind of my point which is that
like it should be predictable of at the
end to give you kind of like another
here's a hypothetical example like would
it be better for the people of Mexico
and the people of Canada in the long
term if they would just accept like a
North American economic Union and we
like economic union like sought to
sought to diminish trade restrictions
and increased flow of Labor bruss border
it's like that probably wouldn't be
enough - yeah ya know like the EU
equivalent for them for their for North
America right like that really would if
they would but I don't blame I wouldn't
blame Mexicans or Canadians I throw no
we don't want Washington to have any
political give up any of our sovereignty
to Washington kind of but I mean they
already but my argument is usually that
you already do
like Mexico gives up some song you give
up some of your sawed up some of your
sovereignty every time you negotiate
with a country right by by definition
almost I I don't buy that at all because
they have you know you have like a
unilateral authority to slick stock a
negotiation that's different than
forcing a common currency well you have
a unilateral authority to withdraw from
the EU or - right right that's what they
exactly that's what that's what they're
doing and that's kind of where I am it's
like I see brexit leaving the EU and I
don't say like oh that's just a problem
of nationalism it's kind of like well
that's a predictable well but the
problem behind it the problems it was
all rooted in nationalism like the vast
majority of people's opinions were
rooted like it yeah I guess here's where
a difference like I don't think I
wouldn't call it a problem if we're like
thinking just purely logically it makes
sense to me that if you go to a citizen
of a country that they're gonna all
or inherently care more about their own
country than they care about a foreign
country and that's really the essence of
nationalism so it's kind of like even if
you disagree with that I accept the
logic of it I don't think we should
expect that people ought care more or
equally for foreign countries to do
their own so the problem I have with
like the hardline or anti brexit
position it's kind of like well what do
you expect people are going to care more
about the country than they care about
foreign countries and the fact that
Brooks I guess I roll I roll more
Internet like toxic like nationalism as
an idea of just putting your country
above others isn't necessarily bad it's
this it's this kind of exceptionalism
that rolls in with nationalism and this
blatant disregard and the willingness to
even make sacrifices
just for nationalistic purposes that
kind of bothers me and I guess that kind
of segues into another point I might
make sure you is so because this is
actually something that when you talk
about a union between between North
America and like if I was Mexico or
Canada I would always be against that
just because it seems like relegating my
currency to another country be scary how
would you feel about the EU if it
existed as a unified political entity
meaning all of like the laws and the
tariffs and everything were sorted out
but everybody still had their own
individual currency do you think that
would be too much of a [ __ ] or
ineffective or maybe not four or five
currencies and like the more integrated
economies could could have their own
currency or something oh I know I would
think that having not a common currency
is like the big issue show if they had
just maintained that kind of like the
political attempt and even like the
trade like you were saying that would
have been far superior to the eurozone
the euro zone is a death disaster
basically one of two things I'm saying
they should have had their own
currencies or no no they should yeah
they should be allowed to have their own
currency the euro is a terrible idea
basically one of two things is gonna
happen with the euro either Europe is
basically gonna consolidate under a
European federal government and they're
gonna fiscally integrate all of the
economies of EU despite how different
they're they're all gonna fiscally
integrate or else the euro is just gonna
collapse and it came to a head basically
during the European debt crisis and they
just kind of kicked the can down the
road because the ECB basically bailed
out the countries that were really
struggling which were like Greece and
then after Greece it was Portugal Italy
Spain Ireland
so yeah the common currency is a real
disaster
because you look at this graph like
think forcing a common currency among
countries that are just this different
it's just like horrible well so here's a
question why is it in the United States
but we have vastly different types of
economies from state to state why does a
common currency work for us because the
US was already financially integrated
massively before we had the common
currency but like for example the lever
of the level of labor integration that
was in the US and there like the 19th
century is like far far higher than
exists in Europe today because the
economies of Europe have different
languages different cultures I go back
hundreds of thousands of years the the
EU is extremely far off from being as
financially integrated as the US was
when the u.s. adopted a common currency
and that's the problem so you agree with
you when you gotta when you talk about
this and you say we should promote
financial integration but I think kind
of the problem with the EU is that it
puts the cart before the horse or try
and do is that gonna work or isn't gonna
work it's hard to say I don't know
honestly what the best thing to do now
is but that's kind of the danger is that
you're trying to force political unity
on people when the economies are still
so different and kinda if I like this
seems probably impossible but what
you're arguing is that the EU takes a
top-down approach whereas you're
thinking that a bottom-up approach where
you begin to integrate the economies in
ways that make them more similar so
whether by language or removing barriers
for migrating labor or [ __ ] like that
that you would rather see different
types of similarities exist in this way
then it would be slowly built up to a
large entity rather than making it all a
large entity and then hopefully forcing
this integration from the top-down kind
of very yeah that's exactly right so I
favor I would favor theoretically a more
decentralized approach but now we kind
of we haven't taken that route of taking
the EU so am i saying now break up the
EU that's not my position but yeah
theoretically we should have taken a
more decentralized approach to
encouraging financial integration
another point of that is like when we're
talking about free trade you know free
trade is just free trade right like just
don't tax the foreign country [ __ ] don't
appreciate it yeah yeah don't punch free
trade is not like you have to be in our
political club and if you leave our
political club then we're gonna [ __ ] you
over okay so the I do think the EU on
net has promoted free trade but the
entire idea of the EU that is like you
have to be part of
club in order to get the benefits that's
not really free trade that's just kind
of like protectionism in a different way
that's definitely better than like the
past mercantilism right well yeah that
like we want you to join our club
because if you don't then you're going
to arbitrarily tariffs [ __ ] or whatever
but now we have more control over
everybody in the club like in the United
States isn't it illegal I could be
totally wrong on this but in the United
States I imagine it's probably illegal
for one state to tariff another or is it
not yeah exactly like that is part of
the reason but it's also you can see now
with brexit is that the EU is kind of
holding the axe above Great Britain's
head like well we're not gonna promise
you we're gonna give you a trade
conditions as well as you had when you
remember so it's kind of like they're
using that as a bargaining tool to keep
them in the political organization which
it makes sense like I understand why
they're doing it yeah they would do the
RAM in the United States right like if
if we got to a point where some state
was like we are succeeding seceding like
[ __ ] you well I mean we our political
message to them is not gonna be like
okay well California you know like yeah
we'll negotiate with you guys went to
secede like that's my like we would be
very harsh to them as well right right
right but my main point is that like I
was saying that we can promote free
trade without having a centralized
approach like I like you were saying I
would prefer a more decentralized
approach and on the topic of nationalism
because this is kind of where I actually
do disagree with you and I don't
attribute nationalism to like the
reasons people are skeptical of things
like trade and immigration because like
the general public's kind of disposition
towards those ideas seems to kind of
come from a bias that exists when people
think of people who aren't educated on
economics approach these ideas and this
actually been empirically validated
there's a book called myth of the
rational the myth of the rational boater
by Kaplan basically what he did a really
interesting experiment basically he had
a list of question survey questions he
would ask economists who would rape an
agreement rating on a statement an
example of a statement would be like oil
prices are too high so that he would
have a scale from like strongly disagree
to strongly agree ask economists to like
rate he was take the average of that
then you would ask people who have never
taken that econ class in her life the
general public like our oil prices too
high and then you basically see where
the average statements of economists
differ from the average statements of
the public that haven't actually studied
these issues yeah and one of like the
trends is that the general public tends
to underestimate the value of
interaction with foreigners where the
best immigration or trade people who
don't really study economics they just
tend to not really understand the value
of that because you don't know that's
how you directly yeah exactly so I think
that's not limited just nationalism in
an example I give up that it's like
Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders falls into
the very same pitfalls of this anti
foreign bias and his opposition to trade
which I wouldn't attribute that to like
a nationalism or right-wing national
national ISM especially I think that
falls under the umbrella of like they're
just I thought more just like populist
messaging I don't know if you'd call it
nationalism but a big like for the
people kind of thing exactly so I guess
my point oh right so I guess my point is
that kind of anti foreign biased which
actually wasn't the only bias he found
the other bias as he found was a an anti
market bias economists tended to be more
optimistic about the market you know
providing a solution then the general
public did theirs also make work bias
which is that the general public prefer
