we're gonna win rain until you play oh
so it's all in me yeah you're going to
carry me
remember to Auto her after your kill
early that's a real important Willie we
always lose our first yeah
new game new mentality Oh God when I got
my hair cut the guy left my front the
things bangs
way too [ __ ] long I needed these
[ __ ] hack the [ __ ] off oh [ __ ]
tell him I couldn't at first I walked in
and I thought this is a place I want and
I thought they couldn't understand me
because they were Turkish I don't know
what language Turkish people speak so I
figured like the guy couldn't understand
me because I was like speaking Turkish
people speak Turkish yeah maybe do you
know anything about the language of
Turkish Lily no it's just I don't know
what language Turkish people's what
language to Egyptian people speak I just
googled it
well language to Turkish people speak
the official language of turkeys - do
they speak Egyptian in Egypt then shut
the [ __ ] up I don't [ __ ] know - [ __ ]
the languages of every [ __ ] country
in the Middle East ok
Jesus Christ man everybody just made fun
of me for not knowing that the [ __ ]
language [ __ ] Turkish people speak
all right Jesus Christ anyway they were
Turkish but they were also [ __ ] deaf
that's why I said understand me it's cuz
they literally couldn't [ __ ] hear I'm
not cringing I'm cranky you're really
pissing me off Lilly F word like 30
bajillion may be some nasty eye candy
jokes oh my god do you want to fight
Lilly 101 to realize let's do it
wouldn't it be funny to do it until one
of us was [ __ ] dead wouldn't that
just be so [ __ ] funny Ming Lakers how
funny would it be like somebody's like
googling around Italy wow this is really
weird there's a report that the LAPD or
whatever is reporting a homicide both
the people involved some really sweet
it's kind of like lily and dust city
would that be funny if they actually
like did
thank you I didn't even need to what a
dumb [ __ ] loser ass piece of [ __ ]
virgin spud all Jin players are people
make fun of Draven players and honestly
they should be made fun of but Jin
players are definitely the most socially
awkward like if you played gin
you're probably don't have any friends
in real life problem I'll talk to many
people not for lack of trying like
they'd probably try just nobody likes
them because I mean [ __ ] Jim play
like who does that on ironically I like
to even play nice though their alpha
they're rude but they're out this part
so they make friends
[Music]
Lily you're doing very good and Sierra
you're doing all can't CSI shut up I
you're in Setauket lemon but you're
something okay are those 8600
Sennheiser's damn you did some research
and then bought headphones what are you
[ __ ] to hockey man always hit HD 598
and if I did super research I bought
really good headphones I wouldn't want
puck in HD 600 I'm bought these because
it were just the next step up [ __ ] off
shut the [ __ ] up Lily why are there so
many stupid [ __ ] people trying to
treat me my chat today holy [ __ ] I'm
gonna vomit tonight when we eat sushi
I'm gonna sit right next to you so that
I can look over at you and then open my
mouth I'm gonna projectile vomit all
over you all over your body it's clear
it's gonna be so amazing I actually I'm
getting excited just thinking about it
right now oh my god I'm gonna to be one
of these kids that's what I'm doing now
guys amen brother
is there like a dress code for this
place how you normally do okay I'm
getting a sweat pants out tonight - I'm
gonna be so you know you have those keys
in the button action oh I'm gonna I'm
gonna break out the sweat pants or maybe
my basketball shorts you know so penny
and I'll be you rolling just like I do
in all the dumb pictures you got me Lily
I think that's character yeah yeah like
a four-year-old character like a psychic
hey what's up fish [ __ ] that's how I
feel about sushi right there I dare you
to [ __ ] step out here and ottoman you
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] ass [ __ ]
yeah that's right [ __ ] is that I don't
give a [ __ ] about a Zed ask me if I care
Lily well hi care Oh
oh my god Lily help me
lutely get him he's right there might
help he's coming why bye let me get him
Molly now will he fight him kill him I'm
here Lily Lily shooter spot him we got
him we did it you can wear school oh my
god and then look at you look at you hey
what's up Jalen do you have a lot of
friends in real life no I don't sounds
like I was pretty right then you're
gonna come in here win my debate for me
is that what you plan on go they're
wonderful people you say that without a
smile no cuz I don't mean it Oh Lilly
nice job wait does that arse
Willie another brilliant cute
what well people tell me women can't
play video games I just sent him clips
of Lilly nailing those luck skis we're
over and over and over again
honestly when you play with me I need
you to call me on discord and I need you
to put a camera on your screen because I
don't know if your scripting right now
that's how good your skill shots are
right now Lilly
that's how OnPoint they are it is you're
never likely in between free I think
you'd really weird not genuine come oh
my god actually I just figured it out
you know what your mic cuts out
sometimes uh-huh because you're not
actually playing you have faker playing
for you right now and you're like
leaning behind him and that's why you're
not speaking close I'm in the microphone
it's the only way to explain this cotton
to your Luck's play I miss him I might
missing some fun ass [ __ ] down here
[Music]
thank you what a hit - Lily nice okay
look we did it oh my god yeah what
amazing we're actually winning that
would you like place tomorrow would you
like to call it here Lily it's up to you
put the play in button hey well I can't
see when you click that so I mean you're
gonna have to communicate that verbally
to me yes you can
it literally says right there on the
bottom everything doesn't have to be a
debate Lily I don't know why you turn
everything into a massive argument I
know but I was clearly joking just
having like a casual conversation and
you're like trying to turn it into like
I was just truly you can tell when
someone clicks to play again or they
leave the key or damaged not cool thanks
Lily
no problem
making weird noises I said good luck and
I did a little ASM where's the lily
Picchu ASMR Channel
oh my god I thought about trying it but
I just don't understand that no I don't
understand why would I guess you don't
get it well you just don't get it
let's go let's go Lily wait oh dude
that's a lot of people oh my god that's
so many people
a guy
where the [ __ ] is our team in Evelyn's
coming in you're not gonna die you're
not gonna die we're gonna get big big
kills here Willie hit her once you got
it
[Music]
are you i this gameis big big hill here
Amen brothers that's the kind of start
that I'm [ __ ] happy
that was a God's team you think you're
gonna get away from me get real oh no
she is look who's coming to you what a
stupid [ __ ]
oh she [ __ ] game back because she
[ __ ] wanted it because she [ __ ]
needed this Draven dick hell yes even
what do you do can you not ever [ __ ]
talk to him I'm trying to [ __ ] make
decisions oh my god I can't even believe
you just said that and it [ __ ] threw
my head off so much I came to believe me
talk really don't ever [ __ ] talk
going on playing Lily oh my god I can't
believe it you're even [ __ ] opening
your goddamn mouth while I'm under
turret in a high-pressure situation
trying to make a [ __ ] decision I've
got the little gremlin that you know
supposed to feed past [ __ ] midnight
screeching my [ __ ] ear telling me I
just want to be out I'm sorry I'm just
getting we're gonna win this game
rebrand cappuccino cappuccino cappuccino
opportunity
[Music]
