XQ see PVC windows XP finders fees LGBT
this is Bill Murray initiative the most
ambitious ever such a project in modern
history that design to be robbed local
trade
it's so [ __ ] frustrating to watch
China open itself to the rest of the
world and grow and grow and grow while
the United States finds ways to cut
itself off her in the West from the rest
of the world is very very very [ __ ]
frustrating to watch this protectionism
in populism is a [ __ ] cancer in the
United States and lefties support
protection is [ __ ] Kyle kolinsky
even does it just as much as anyone else
it [ __ ] irritates the [ __ ] out of me
this should be us there's no reason why
this shouldn't be the United States why
we shouldn't be doing [ __ ] like this and
[ __ ] and at the very least like
[ __ ] South America but instead we're
talking about building [ __ ] walls to
keep people out of our country right
when we should when we should be the
ones taking planning these initiatives
we should be the ones leading
negotiations related to stuff like the
TPP we should be the ones leading like
this type of like global infrastructure
to increase in boost like trade to our
country ah but we're too [ __ ] scared
of [ __ ] brown people I don't I just
for some reason like boobs just don't
really make me horny
I just just like playing with them but
like not at all like in a sexual way I'm
tight Ellen understand Congrats on the
sex fest aney I love that any time we
talk about sex in here it's the 60%
virgin demographic cuz I'm like oh
you're even mentioned six really hot
take their do we have a fire flaring
shut can I get a fire flower for it made
in my chat for people to just drop the
hottest [ __ ] takes in the world I
really like boobs guys anybody else like
boobs I see that's our slash I had sex
there isn't it Oh interesting flex
there's a solar rain to the left go go
get it what to the left silver band no
shovelers you know shovelers
handy got a 30 day vacation real quick
can you go on the lava
well can you arrest me - enemy dude you
know you want to your interests riyals
coming out
[ __ ] outta my god damn stop running away
from you dumbass I'm just hit another
mom I'm trying offtank here you're not
off to eat [ __ ] yes I am you don't know
what oftaking is yeah it's when you tank
with heavy agro pulling abilities you
dumb [ __ ] this life is 7 hours what no
my streamer you said you dumb it I
started doing everyday look at my
[ __ ] schedule [ __ ] unlike you I
actually [ __ ] stream just for that
hey there's about to be some real pain
coming through if you want to avoid it
snap for subs boys remember the Twitter
Primus up you name is I'm crying like a
twitch account go ahead and rub that
twitch prime because here come three
minutes about it's good luck boys
peace up mr. moon will read your name
off wow my name Katie hey that was a bad
job you guys make me make those jokes
that was not good I'm working like he's
gonna be messing around [ __ ]
Instagram later tonight oh I only
responded everything I did that weird
thing on stream really you know yeah no
I really respond to messages I don't
send them
I let them make the first move so it's
perfectly consensual okay as long as
that over 17 or never over 17 18 or
older that's the legal [ __ ] age limit
that's right mr. moon because I'm all
about following the law a [ __ ]
[ __ ] 17 or older so you're cool with 17
year olds but oh I said older than 17
dumbass how much how much earn about a
milli okay 1 million dollars 1 billion
dollars flip it flip it
17 in one day Steve's look at it girls
Instagram profiles to see their
birthdays before he turns 20 or she
turns 18 on February 13th
Psalm Esther the 14th and she's legal
every other commodity you can say how
much is this phone worth to you $200 you
can buy a Nokia phone you can not have a
phone at all but you cannot ask the
question how much will you pay to be
alive because the answer is everything
and that is what makes the price of
Medicine
different than the price of an iphone
well so you can ask the question you
just described how at the using elastic
demand understand oh I'm just kidding
she's the great queen of the masses
she's a good messenger I love her
destiny picking star well she literally
just said you can't ask how much you'll
pay but medicine it's like well you can
but it's different than phone so we have
it's called elasticity you just
explained it I think you and I both
agree that we like to have sex
imagine subbing for 56 months and he
still doesn't notice you feels bad man
no sorry
I remember my life was almost over when
I ran into that Molotov hahahaha I never
been so sad in my life oh yes
Mordecai was running away or is he just
lifestyle oh my god he's so low I'm so
greedy I want it
okay or lick at [ __ ] New York when
they were thought about building that um
[ __ ] was it in 2010 or whatever when
they were gonna build him build a mosque
in New York I think they pulled it in
most New Yorkers were opposed just to a
mosque being built over 50% of people in
New York opposed the First Amendment of
the United States which guarantees you
the ability to practice whatever
religion you want without state
intervention most New Yorkers opposed
that right so what am I left with
anything they're Christians are against
the [ __ ] American Constitution like I
mean like we can play like polling games
all day long to find like different
numbers that back up like whatever dumb
[ __ ] belief you want to push about
religion the reality is the way that
religion manifests in somebody's life is
really [ __ ] complicated it's a
cultural thing it's a social thing
sometimes it can be an economic thing in
the case of the Middle East a lot of
time it's literally a political thing
it's embedded in your political parties
it's a historical thing
it's a family related thing like there's
so much to do with religion that like
just throwing a pole at someone or being
like well in the Quran verse 7 chapter
blah blah blah it says that Muslims
raped blah blah blah I think ok alright
what's up listen ok be careful watch
your boobs wasn't the mosque near the
twin towers what carries the mosque is
you care about freedom of speech in the
United States and you're sitting there
saying somebody shouldn't be allowed to
build a religious building [ __ ] out of
here with your fascist [ __ ] [ __ ]
and you you don't care you're not
liberal and I mean that in a capital L
sense okay you have no appreciation for
the US Constitution you don't give a
[ __ ] about whatever you think American
values are they're way [ __ ] off
whatever the [ __ ] you think they are you
don't care about anything the founding
[ __ ] father said about this country
you don't give a [ __ ] about the First
Amendment or anything to build rights
like don't sit here pretend that you're
pro freedom of speech blah blah blah
blah blah if you're gonna sit here and
also say I don't want that building of
worship built there like basically what
you want is you want a system of rules
that enforces the status quo and if the
status quo changes your opinion on the
rules will change with the [ __ ] wind
right Pro freedom of speech or hate
speech doesn't exist until somebody says
something bad about me you know Pro
[ __ ] whatever idea until that Pro
FreeMarkets Pro capitalism Pro let the
market decide until Facebook and Twitter
ban me well now we need to socialize
those entities like get the [ __ ] out of
here that [ __ ] okay
I've watched since sc2 days and
still gave my first prime sub to his on
thanks buddy how are these am I crazy
give me the clip on that somebody
[ __ ] gave me the clip on that no
[ __ ] way to that w hit me I do not
believe that hey it's mr. Donna you
wanna duel me right now see you wins
yeah I would crush you wouldn't even be
close actually you serious kid honestly
I don't think I've ever had an easier
time and I'm cringing if you want me to
back up and like wait a second for you
to like get your bearings like real
didn't even hit me you won't meet a one
level 14 warlock is one of the word wait
no no no what is happening how long am I
scared for wait this is actual AIDS
you just never alright [ __ ] this oh no
please don't be cringe please don't be
crazy Arnold I love everything you do Oh
trust yourself and all your dreams come
true
not the law don't be afraid to fail okay
I'll you get a pass because you're
Arnold that's the only reason
okay listen destiny sorry for getting so
triggered yesterday I guess since you
and I were both pretty smart I see two
players and I consider this game way
easier I just expected better no it's
okay dude it's really common with
autistic people that you just instantly
assume that anybody that plays any other
random thing is gonna instantly be as
good at it as you are don't worry I bet
a streamer for a long time I'm used to
it it's all good buddy don't worry it
seems like an oasis being stagnant it's
kind of a interesting thing to be but
links TaqMan here is your sex life
bottom virgin Steve at it again ugly
little virgin I have problems you know
hey if you're Muslim and you feel like I
oughta quit Lee defended your religion
make sure to twitch promise up in chat
okay if you get Amazon Prime you can get
all sorts of Quran shipped to your house
and once you got that Amazon Prime link
the HOH Prime that's up to me okay
remember
that's kind of what Sam Harris said he
pretty much said that there were people
[Music]
