would you join oh I need to talk to
y'all stream is a delay so why can't we
just do it on strain what do you want
dude I just want to know your views on
abortion really yes I really need to why
it's been bothering me for about three
days now that's a really hard question
it's gonna take you a lot more than a
conversation to figure out the answer to
it but dude I want to know you'll for it
first of all just tell me if you're for
it or against it like from an ethical
point of view I think it's really hard
to be for it but from like a policy
point of view I think you have to
support it so like I'm again I think
ethically it's probably not good it's
probably a wrong but like for legal
purposes I think so many people disagree
on it and you should probably make it
legal yeah we have to go in-depth into
this conversation off stream seriously
why I don't want to do on stream cuz
everybody cuz they [ __ ] perp egging me
I can't be dealing with that right now
[ __ ] I'm doing well what about if you
get forced upon okay so the whole point
about abortion is whether or not you
consider the fetus to be a person or not
right yeah because a baby it like if you
have a baby it's not actually alive
until is out right well I don't know is
it that's what you have to figure out
that's the hardest question once you
figure that out everything else because
look if the baby can't talk I don't want
to do this on stream why or you don't
have to have you want to that's okay cuz
I don't want to get [ __ ] prepared man
okay so if a baby can't look okay so
like if it's not the baby hasn't even
developed a brain right okay so it has
nothing right okay so getting rid of it
it means it's like not a bad thing right
if you don't think so then find an
abortion is fine
what do you think yes or like would you
if you were president so here's kind of
my uncomfortable part okay this is kind
of where I have to stand ready okay go
away so when I think of how I construct
like my personal morals right
I generally think of what maximizes what
is good for me right yeah so this
generally means that I want to be
protected I pretty much all forms of my
life it also means that I generally have
to respect other people because they
need to feel like I'm respecting their
rights if I expect them to respect my
rights right that generally has to be
true yes so when I think about like
rules that I would construct for a
society to exist that would maximize my
own rights I would have to maximize
every stage of my existence as much as
possible and then every other person's
stage of existence as much as possible
so for instance if somebody says well we
should be able to abort people because
they're just fetuses or whatever like
they're not real or we don't care
whatever what I have to consider is okay
well at one point in my life I was a
fetus and I don't think I like would
have wanted to have been aborted right
because I generally appreciate my
existence that's a decision that I
wouldn't want to take it from me and the
fear that I would have that if we say
something like well we can abort a fetus
because it's worthless because it's a
leech because of whatever I would be
worried that somebody could apply that
to me at some other stage in my life so
for instance what if I got into a bad
accident and I was living on dialysis
for like a year or something or maybe I
get older maybe when I'm 60 65 70 80
maybe I'm living like in a hospital
sometimes I will [ __ ] it people past a
certain age it all just be killed cuz
they're kind of a leech on society
[ __ ] whatever that would kind of be
my worry you know so you're on the fence
and that's such a [ __ ] thing to do to
be honest no it was I'm not on the fence
at all my position would be that I would
say that life has to be protected at all
stages to be consistent on it
okay what about Hitler mmm made a child
it's just a child of Hillary and doesn't
necessarily make it wrong or bad right I
don't know why I said that sorry
thanks to you but no I wasn't stupid
well okay okay okay this okay say all
right so we don't actually know okay so
what what age can you not abort in the
United States isn't it up to the third
trimester I think yeah cuz you can't you
can't
I bought a [ __ ] baby when they're
[ __ ] 12 months almost my lap well
generally they'd be born by then but
like around nine months or whatever
eight months yeah oh yay around there
mm-hmm so so you can't see so they're
saying you know it's too close to abort
right because it's too close for comfort
sorta yeah guys we're gonna feel like it
looks a lot like a baby yes literally
like a baby at one point but who made
that decision like how can you just make
that decision you can't you can't
people can't why it feels to me like
it's a really arbitrary like what's the
difference between like one or two days
to determine whether or not something is
a human or not right I don't like that
yeah wait so can you pride get private
abortion say if it's like say if you're
like seven months in you like [ __ ] I
can't have a baby could you privately
abort it was that legal
I mean I imagine it privately almost do
anything maybe I mean once you had third
trimester like abortions are extremely
[ __ ] risky to some kind of [ __ ]
is ruin a woman inside yeah every risk
every surgery carries some risk
I mean prior to like the second
trimester I think abortions are like
really low risk things but hey can I
tell quick abortion joke real quick come
on for it all right from a stand-up
comedian he goes it would be really
confused sounds like a michelin-rated
have an abortion procedure and yelled
abort abort okay can you give me the
proud to kick that's me
wait well what's the joke I'm sorry
could you say it again somebody decided
to donate a story to me
a deed okay is really needed to know cuz
I was watching this this TV program and
I didn't know how I think about things
sometimes I'd like to know other
people's thoughts before I make my own
thoughts sure my own decision yeah okay
okay so this is gonna sound out this
world literally so you know how the
people protesting for abortions I feel
like once upon a time in in in a
alternate reality or maybe even in the
past in the same world
they were aborted and when they were
reborn again they that's why they feel
so strongly against it because they all
once aborted in a different okay
universe and I feel like you as a hang
on a second this is important I feel
like people like you who really care
about politics I feel like because I
like killed in a war yeah I feel like
yeah I feel like yeah like you in
politics you know like how you hate
Trump and all that I feel like once upon
a time you you saw this happen so now
when you're born this is why you care so
much about politics okay you're right oh
my joke so like so like see like me I'm
like a class clown I feel like once upon
a time I was a jester
jester like the Roman times I wish once
upon time you were a mute candy that was
no need for that
ah you've just ruined my bye Bambi I'm
sorry
I'll leave no you can stay but I was
just giving my wacky theory in math God
I like theories like that I'm just
giving you [ __ ] yeah I feel like
everybody has a club I also feel like I
really feel that sometimes I feel like
this is all fake like everything's fake
I don't know everybody else believes but
I don't feel real sometimes I feel like
my whole life it's like like The Truman
Show like everybody's props and like
maybe maybe I'm just like this is just a
dream to me and maybe just me talking to
you talking to chat it's just like my
dream yeah there you go dude do you ever
believe things like that yeah after I
did a [ __ ] ton of mushrooms but I don't
know it's the same kind of feeling or
not like I don't know like oh this could
be fake like all the people in the chat
you and II it could just be like a dream
like I've met my friends in an adventure
or maybe it's just like like a video
game where one day when I die I'm gonna
take off my my glasses of my VR and I'm
gonna just be like oh that was a fun
campaign mission
I mean it's natural to think about those
things because it's [ __ ]
mind-boggling when you think about the
alternative of like this is a real life
and then we die and we become complete
nothingness for eternity that's like
kind of Bor it's like scary as [ __ ] but
it's kind of boring to think of no
alternative options so your mind wanders
for some kind of like weird explanation
or meaning for existence I feel like I
feel like I was we were meant to be
together destiny can you feel that way
yeah because I feel like yes
the boy in the blue coat part - mm-hmm
what do you guys feel like what do you
guys feel about mint Milano's I don't
like mint about regular chocolate
Milano's that's just good okay I don't
know why you guys I feel like okay I
can't do it with you guys anymore this
sound
[Music]
