destiny can you cover me to determinism
I understand how all actions can be
considered predictable and caused by
actions in the past however how does
that justify it to which of a finger or
a blink of an eye destiny okay so I
don't think I would say determinism per
se because there are some people that
will say well quantum randomness means
that the universe is never 100%
determinable because things can happen
at earnest okay so what I would argue
against is the fact that you have any
genuine free will or any genuine desire
or I'm sorry any genuine inspiration to
choose to do something that is free of
the shackles of your past right so
basically this is the entire argument
okay very simply let's say that I have a
let's say that we have a hill okay we'll
say that this is the top of the hill and
then we come down here to the bottom
okay we've got little mountains maybe
we've got like a tree all right if you
could physically measure the dimensions
of this hill exactly and you could set a
ball at the very top of this okay and
then you roll that ball depending on the
starting position of this ball you would
100% know exactly where that ball will
end up down here down to the atomic
position okay well maybe not because
quantum randomness might never but down
to like an immeasurably small distance
right you would know exactly where it's
going to land now if you want you can
make this course of awesome Tata kaliya
approaching infinite complexity where we
put more and more Hills we put little
rocks we put up big trees we can even
have like little water ponds or whatever
that the ball has to roll through we can
make this this thing infinitely complex
almost right we can do this and make it
now at no point in time will you ever
reach a point where this has gotten so
complicated that you can't tell exactly
where the ball is going to fall rote why
because we have laws that govern the way
that these things behave we have laws
that govern the way or that we
understand theoretically there are laws
and physics that govern the movement of
objects in our universe right so we know
that no matter what it bumps into every
single bump can be measured and
accounted for
and that
end of the day this ball will roll down
the hill and it will land in a precise
spot right so basically all this means
is that if you set an object in motion
right its path through space-time is not
only predictable but is absolutely
knowable right
assuming you can perfectly measure all
of the initial starting conditions so
the idea is that if we know this is true
at no point in your entire life
would you ever argue that when a ball
goes to bump something
well maybe the ball wants to go left
instead of going right you would never
say that because you know that when the
ball hits a point it's going to move in
the direction that the antecedent causes
predicted it would move to right like
that
you know what you just know where it's
going to go right it's got a velocity if
it hits something and then the action is
going to be or the reaction will be
predictable and it will go in a
predictable direction so the idea is
just that your mind is the same your
brain okay in your head is a oh my god
this guy's nose is huge I don't know why
I do this I'm sorry your brain is
predictable it's a it's an object that
is governed by all the normal laws of
physics and every decision every action
you make every everything that's
happened right will have preceding
causes that cause those things to happen
that at no point in time can your brain
summon from some other dimension some
sort of divine inspiration to make a
decision that is free of the universe
that it exists and that that concept is
fantastical and incredibly naive would
be my argument I don't know if everybody
necessarily believes this 100% but I've
never in my life heard a convincing or
remotely convincing argument against
so the way that we seem to deal with
this philosophically is um so I would
just say because I have no philosophy
background and I know I'm gonna irritate
the philosophers in my chat because I
say this all the time I would argue that
all of that your everything is
essentially deterministic that you have
no free will now philosophers don't like
this because freewill is necessary in
order to relegate like responsibility
and consequence and all of this [ __ ]
that we kind of need freewill to make
our moral systems work so what
philosophers will say is well we believe
that that the idea that determinism is
true but the idea that you can make
decisions without people like 100% force
you to make those decisions that that
freewill can be compatible with the
deterministic universe if we just say
that well freewill actually means you're
making a decision without somebody
holding a gun to your head to make that
decision but we don't actually really
believe in free well like anybody does
is what I think right but um yeah
destiny look at the induction problem if
we can measure everything perfectly it
wouldn't apply naturally I don't know
what the induction problem is or if
that's a philosophical question I'm
pretty sure based on my very limited
physics knowledge I don't think it would
be impossible to measure everything
perfectly because a system that's
contained within itself could not
measure itself perfectly because it
would be like an inescapable recursive
thing right if that makes sense I think
I think that's true physics right hi
poppy here I'm sorry
I want to bait you I am very shy
autistic and try to be careful about
what goes online please no bully do
feels
I like your stream Irish laddie is a
pervert creep even without complete
information of everything you can still
prove that free will doesn't exist
well I would argue that so the argument
would go with me is I would say okay
well if you think that people can make
decisions that are free of the physical
universe where does that the ability to
make decisions come from you would have
been the burden of proof would be on you
to point to some metaphysical thing on
it it's a pretty impossible argument i
purely say that I'm not religious own
but destiny is it actually possible to
do the same type of prediction that you
did with the ball with the human action
how is it possible to know what past
experiences will cause specific outcomes
is that something that is actually
measurable so the reason why I'm gonna
make a guess okay I'm not trying to
sound pretentious here even though I
know this sounds pretentious the reason
why you have so much trouble analyzing
that question is because to you what you
have you have two worlds in your mind on
one hand you have well this is the
physical universe these are the laws of
physics if every action is an equal and
opposite meme that you know an object in
motion stays emotionally we know these
memes okay we've got you know entropy is
increasing right we have these things
however we also have humans and human
ability to make choices and decisions
and the human mind and our human ability
to do things right the problem is that
you have these things in two separate
boxes but they're actually just one in
the same everything that you are as a
human is totally governed by the laws of
physics there is nothing in your mind
that is special that is unique that is
different than a rock falling outside
that been a tree falling over than a
leaf falling from a tree then a raindrop
falling from the sky that all of these
things happen and are perfectly governed
by the laws of physics much the same way
that neurons firing in your head are the
product of chemical reactions that all
obey the same laws of physics that all
of it is perfectly within what we
understand of the universe
nobody has ever Brandon experiment or
done a test of the human brain and found
that something was happening that was
metaphysical right although I guess by
definition you can't really test them
out of physical right but well I don't
know that's necessarily turn up but yeah
once you start to see these things as
being a electrochemical my eye on change
yeah once you start to understand that
the human brain is just as much trapped
and bound by the laws of physics as
everything else then it becomes a lot
easier to accept the idea that well okay
if that's true then any particular
chemical reaction firing in my head at
any point in time was probably caused by
prior chemical reactions much the same
as every single other physical thing in
the entire universe takes place right
that nobody nothing in the physical
universe just happens right nothing will
ever just start moving or right energy
can't be created or destroyed but only
you know transfer
from one medium to another or something
I think right how do you explain
consciousness if we're just ordinary it
makes sense to look at around and say it
responds to stimuli but it's way
different being in the driver's seat the
problem of consciousness is a hugely
complicated thing that's left up to a
lot of debate that I can't like I don't
know I can't solve that for you there
are people that are much much much
smarter than me that have contemplated
this question for probably millennia
right yeah my really premature
understanding of it the way that I
visualize it and this is with somebody
that doesn't this is of somebody that
hasn't read into it a [ __ ] ton but I I
view consciousness is just a thing that
exists to make decisions with that's how
I view it as right that typically with
computers we're usually dealing with
things that makes decisions
instantaneously they don't usually have
to like spend a lot of time thinking
about in wing options against one
another that usually the calculations
are pretty quick I guess I just view
consciousness as like a temporary
placeholder it's something that exists
to wait to wait between a and B is more
or less the experience that you have
right the reason why you are a conscious
being is because you are processing a
[ __ ] ton of stimulus stimulus stimuli is
the plural you're processing a [ __ ] ton
of stimuli at any point in time and then
you have to make a decision about what
you want to do in response to all of
that stimuli and that that
decision-making process the I'm getting
this information this information and
this information what should I do that
that process is what consciousness is
yeah that's that's what I believe
personally but that's totally that's a
100% subjective personal [ __ ]
opinion I don't know if that's true or
not and there might be reasons why
that's a really stupid way of looking at
things so I don't I don't actually know
I'm not sure so I think that this
illustrates a naive understanding of the
brain and I understand that's a really
mean thing to say but let me talk about
it what is the point of this who
actually believes they pulled the
decisions out of the eight ether every
decision is based on previous
experiences hold on one second destiny
do have strong feelings about US China
policy or Taiwanese independence my
Chinese / US political seminar professor
is a Chinese national and pretty anti
Taiwan it's pretty spooky stuff oh I
have no idea I don't know [ __ ]
anything about any of that I don't
I have no idea I'm sorry I have no good
opinions about that what is the point of
this who actually believes they pull
these decisions out of the ether every
decision is based on previous
experiences however your choice is not
predetermined you can make a decision
that is abnormal to the predicted
outcome so when you say it you can make
a decision that's abnormal to the
predicted outcome how this is this would
be my argument my argument would be that
if there was a machine of sufficient
complexity that could measure the exact
state of the brain that you could take a
snapshot of a person's brain and then at
that particular moment in time you
should be able to answer every single
possible outcome that that could happen
if you ask my question so let's say that
I took a snapshot of your brain and then
I said what's your pick a random number
right and whatever random number you
pick at that point I should be able to
do that to you and you'll pick the exact
same number that if you could measure
the exact state of a person's brain and
pose a question to it that if you would
oppose the same question to you your
physical self rather than just the copy
that the exam the answers will be
exactly the same every single time
assuming that the question is asked in
the exact same way at the exact same
point in time do you have any evidence
of this so like the evidence is is that
your brain is governed by all the laws
of the physical universe and there is no
Rev al ADRA's Intuit would be different
if the answer is different you would
have to answer why would there be a
difference right that if I were to take
a copy of the human brain at a precise
moment in time ask it pick a random
number and then ask him pick a random
number at the same time with the same
voice the same type of person in the
same everything right that both would
say the exact same answer if they would
say a different answer why would one
choose something different over the
other unless you believe that there is
some true randomness that the human mind
can access that is independent of
everything we know about the physical
universe which is an extraordinary claim
to make in my opinion what do you call
it if we have the ability to choose
between two decisions so when you go to
make a decision between two things
you're basically just weighing prior
experiences towards one another and then
whatever decision you make will be based
on what life has taught you to value
more as a prior experience right to be
very very very reductionist here let's
say that you beat the [ __ ] out of
somebody with a blue chair a million
times and then that person enters a room
and there's a blue chair in a pink chair
and you ask them to sit in one of the
chairs right assuming that person hasn't
been conditioned to enjoy pain they
would choose the pink chair not because
their freewill making a choice to sit
there but because their life a lifetime
experiences has conditioned them away
from the Blue Chair that's an absurdly
simplistic reductionist view of looking
at it but more or less like every
decision would be made in that way right
wrong again destiny through God all
things are possible
got them at the level of neurons there
is probably lots of quantum randomness
so again a lot of people would bring
this up as a counter-argument and I'll
just instantly concede it mainly because
it's boring but all instantly concede it
but the problem is that doesn't get you
anywhere if I say okay well sure there
might be some level of quantum
randomness that doesn't get you to
freewill that just pulls you a little
bit away from my deterministic position
which and I don't know enough about QM
to actually know if that's true or not
if Qi manifests on a macro level that
impacts our normal [ __ ] am I am i but
even if it does that doesn't matter it
doesn't give you free will it's not like
you have the ability to excerpt any kind
of influence over quantum randomness
right so yeah oh the guy four four five
yeah yeah you can argue that the
universe isn't strictly deterministic
because of quantum randomness sure I
don't know if that's actually turnout
but sure but I it's more just it's more
my commentary on the idea of freewill
rather than is the universe 100%
predictable or ever I say 100%
predictable because it simplifies things
but we could argue that it's 100%
predictable except for a few things that
might be left to truly random chance
that you can't and exert influence over
anyway right but um that would be but
that would be more complicated and
unnecessarily so you know I understand
why consciousness exists logically in
regards to evolution and fitness and
makes sense if you look at it from a
third perspective but why am i me why do
i control over myself its consciousness
in some sense ether all where where does
the fact that I am me in my head and not
have a set of chemical reactions
occurring arbitrarily on earth manifests
itself in the physical world so I guess
you could call this like a quasi Turing
test I don't actually even understand
the Turing test I've read a bunch about
it but it seems really meeting me but
basically what I would argue is that if
you could create a machine of sufficient
complexity that it could that it could
emulate emotions on the face and it
could communicate and then you were to
ask it questions that the act of that
machine weighing a one choice against
the other and then communicating the
weighing of those choices would it would
be a conscious thing right that it to
some extent it has that level of
consciousness I think the reason why we
don't really view computers is being
conscious things because we don't
usually ask them to calculate things
that
acquire them to weigh something very
complicated such that it takes a lot of
processing time and then such that it
such that it makes that processing like
empathetic to us if that makes sense no
wrong we don't view them the same
because they aren't organic I don't
think organic has anything to do with it
in my opinion
destiny I don't get why you're focused
on the time spent on thinking as a core
part of your definition of consciousness
I just view I think that um this is an
intuitive emotional thing let me see if
I can rationalize this out I feel like
if you make decisions instantaneously
the illusion of consciousness disappears
let me give you a few things to think
about in real life
zombies why don't some bees appear
contrast to you right if you look at
them like in movies or video games
zombies appear likely I lack
consciousness because they make all of
their decisions instantaneously because
they have very instant responses to very
basic stimuli right you make a noise oh
it goes over to and it walks there
another noise uh and then it attacks
something until it dies it appears like
a zombie has a no consciousness why
because you never see a zombie stop and
really think like should I eat this
person or this person or how should I
kill this person or what right you never
usually see a zombie stop and in like
actually like way a decision against
another thing right and I feel like that
kind of gives zombies the illusion of or
rather it makes it feel like they're not
really conscious because they're not
really weighing those decisions against
one another on the same thing with a
computer if you ask a computer or a
robot to do something like an Android in
a movie why do they always appear to
lack consciousness because you never see
any hesitation in the actions you ask
them to take they always do it
instantaneously they don't ever have to
weigh those decisions against one
another
but this is kind of like a fluffy
