my dudes what's up welcome to episode 10
wait [ __ ] that I [ __ ] up is it supposed
to be episode 11 I always mix up the
episode yes yeah actually god [ __ ]
damn it hold on are you serious
chill it out oh my god welcome to the
tobacco podcast hey guys
just kidding April Fool's welcome to
episode 11 of the DT podcast we're
trying a new format today and we got a
guest in everything man we're excited
trihex over here can barely [ __ ] keep
his [ __ ] together he's so ready for this
yeah sponsored by Philip Morris right
now so I'm just like you know
advertising the the benefits of smoking
just Dubin up before we okay yeah yeah
how you doing how was your week what
have you done so far or what have you
done I guess do it's going it's going
it's going good man actually I'm
stressed out right now because there's
like too many games like I'm in the good
gaming Nirvana between Resident Evil 2
HD the remake that came out is fantastic
and amazing I want to play through it
again on hardcore mode Kingdom Hearts 3
came out and I'm trying to play through
that and then smash brothers got a new
patch too whereas it's version 2 o now
and the the piranha plant from Mario
Brothers is now a playable character it
is now the 75th playable character in
that game weight and all that happened
within you know like a four day span all
that and it's like dude if you're if
you're a gamer right now man it's it's
it's stressful dude there's a lot of
things you want to play there's only so
many hours in the day
so yeah I've been I've been I've been
I've been a drowning man I've been
hitting like 12 our streams and that's
why I'm pretty I'm pretty degenerate
right now I am accidentally a European
streamer at this point been just binging
gaming and staying up til 6 a.m. not not
giving the food and Here I am call of
duty has gotten boring I don't really
have any main games to play back on that
League of Legends grind oh god what
happened you sticking up interesting how
these opposites here oh yeah I guess
just different flavor of games I never
really played Kingdom Hearts 1 or 2 so
um Kingdom Hearts 3 just I mean
obviously because I don't think anymore
oh no hold on I just totally lied I did
play King of Hearts one that it was
literally like [ __ ] I must feel like you
13 years ago yeah 2002 was when it came
out if you play it like launched oh my
god okay so like 17 years ago okay
you're old that's crazy
yeah that's insane more than half my
life ago I guess which is a long time
now in my years but yeah I played
Kingdom Hearts 1 I heard about Kingdom
Hearts 2 supposedly that game is
supposed to give Metal Gear Solid 2 a
run for its money in terms of convoluted
plot which is interesting because
Kingdom Hearts 1 I remember being fairly
simple I think fairly straight for yeah
ya know KH ones very simple it's mostly
you know the it's about the the lore or
I guess the wonder of like exploring
Disney Disney movie worlds and like an
action RPG platformer it's a very simple
thing and then Kingdom Hearts 2 things
get like really complicated you know
it's to a point now where there's been
by the way did you know did you know
that Kenny March 3 is the 10th or 11th
game in the series now and all of them
have vital plot points so that if you're
trying to play Kingdom Hearts 3 and
you've only played 1 & 2 like you can
you will be lost on was it are they like
mobile releases or some [ __ ] or what
yeah there's a there's Game Boy Advance
games Nintendo DS games Nintendo 3ds
games a PSP title a mobile title and all
of them it's so [ __ ] dumb dude and
all of them have like vital plot points
that further into the whole thing like
it's it's really it's it's it's like
Metal Gear saga actually not not that
it's like dumb but like or not that
Metal Gear Solid's plot points are dumb
but that like you the car logical order
goes all over the place and you kind of
have to but you have to know what's
going on because there's a caller that
happens prior to Kingdom Hearts 1 that
makes that changes like the motivations
behind like what what is evil and the
one of Kingdom Hearts and why they're
after you know hearts and [ __ ] like that
mm-hmm so much there's Kingdom Hearts 1
Kingdom Hearts chain of Memories Kingdom
Hearts 365 over two days whatever the
three three three five eight over two
days 3 5 8 over 2 okay
Kingdom Hearts 2 Kingdom Hearts 2
Kingdom Hearts 2.5 Kingdom Hearts dream
Drop Distance and you have to play all
okay yeah yeah yeah the plot the plot is
relatively simple there's like a prequel
that goes to some backstory about like
who the first Keyblade wielders are but
then like and I'm not gonna give you the
entire summary here but just know that
[ __ ] gets really stupid when you get to
the the dream Drop Distance
a game particularly for 3ds because then
you have time travel and parallel
universes at play and there's like
travel and parallel universes oh yeah
okay
yeah yeah it dude it's it's it's crazy I
don't even want to like I don't want to
derail I can easily we can fill an hour
over just like the writing that goes on
in this series it's kind of crazy but uh
okay someone said there's also a Kingdom
Hearts birth by Sleep
yeah birth by Sleep is the one for uh
for PSP that's the one that has like the
the actual actual villain um you know
there's the villain you fight in keen
hearts one's a total [ __ ] boy not even
like actually relevant or not actually
like what you think he is to get booted
but yeah I know like replicas when he's
fine you find out who the real the real
real bad guy is the real real bad guy is
there a real bad guy King arts there I'm
trying to spoil here cuz like I really
want to like yeah I like the real cuz it
was like a bad guy then there's like the
real bad guy there's like the real real
bad guy then short the people that
people who are watching right now and
read Nathan I'm talking about without
trying to spoil it here but I know some
of y'all are probably trying to like
imagine people in chat around trying to
catch up and get to Kingdom Hearts 3 and
it's like I don't want to like ruin it
for you so are they still in Kingdom
Hearts 3 there's still like a lot of
square characters thrown and I imagine
right mmm actually surprisingly so far I
have not seen many manya then so I'm
only on like the third world so I
haven't seen many of those letters
there's a [ __ ] ton of the evil people on
of you got that far now if you play
Kingdom Hearts 2 you didn't like anybody
right I did not know yeah okay then you
know actually now you want to like talk
about it things like that it's like at
the yeah there's like a but if I've seen
that you've probably a couple anime
conventions you've seen the people who
are cosplaying but like they're like
wearing like black hoodies yeah they're
like darkness or some [ __ ] or yeah yeah
okay yeah those people the organisation
they yeah that's the company coughing
along I'm sorry I'm sure my best not to
coughing to the microphone okay yeah
you're gonna yeah them yeah you see them
like everywhere and stuff
okay well that's cool
yeah it's a it's it's a [ __ ] show but
I'll be happy to go into further when we
have more time I know that we don't have
a lot of time though because if you have
an action-packed podcast today right
yeah so we're trying to new format we're
basically we use clips is launching
points for discussion that's boring well
no it's not boring but the explanation
is boring that'll be interesting and
then in the last half of the show we
have the deplorable Zhaan I have no
[ __ ] idea what the [ __ ] we're gonna
talk about we have no format whatsoever
I kind of just want to ask them what
they think of their lives I'm not really
sure hopefully we'll think of some
questions but Hannah I didn't actually
think this would happen so um yeah yeah
out to be transparent here as well I did
not think the actual we're gonna show up
yeah holy [ __ ]
but I've listed their song so now that
I've got their discography under my belt
hopefully we're ready to go oh they
might be called the deplorable choir oh
[ __ ] yeah yeah that's how you're gonna
make it know what it is dude the more I
talk the more itchy or throat gets or
something yeah yeah something like that
okay all right well let's try it we'll
try running this data we'll save those
works I guess
well I don't know if we'll do how many
of these will do I was gonna do just
three today but then trihex hit me up
with a really good fourth one and then
mmm yeah well probably do maybe like
five of these no what we'll see how it
goes
by the way chat mines the best mine's
the best clip by the way just so you
know ahead of time you'll know when I
replay mine oh [ __ ] okay alright well do
you want to just watch another first one
or whatever the The Awakening as it's
called
I literally just rip these titles off of
the lifetime sales threads I don't know
if I'll retitled it or not but I only
have the first to open I need to open
[ __ ] which one what's number three
without like spoiling it or shorty
school - whoa number three I should have
linked them all in Disco - think 135
okay okay I got it
boom and then and then number four is
the best one because alright alright I
got it okay yeah I'm ready for the I'm
ready for the first one whenever you are
alright okay I'm going over to the
content ok ready 3 2 1 go go
so basically I guess if you're an
audio-only listener just basically some
guy who's just streaming I guess he fell
asleep on stream and then like a whole
bunch of people in chat are he's got
like 200 viewers out of nowhere well not
out of nowhere I imagine they were
accumulating over the night and then
when he woke up and he saw I guess he
has a little chuckle about it one of the
UM this is so we were kinda talk about
this before the podcast one of the
things that's very interesting to me is
that um maybe because I'm very
judgmental whatever I don't know I
always had this mindset like if I were
to go back like three or four or five
years ago even though I was trimming
them I always had this mindset where I
was like I kind of like I don't say I
look down on people that like are
obsessed with the selfie culture but
like the people that like everywhere
they go the first thing is I have to
pull out their cameras and like take a
picture of themselves and all of that
[ __ ] and people get like super hardwired
into this and I always took like damn
like you live like your whole [ __ ]
life like every single moment you do has
to be online like I don't know that just
seems kind of sad to me but then now
like as a streamer I guess I kind of do
that exact same thing like now when I go
out like last night I hung out with
reckful and I was like oh I got to get
some pictures of this feel like my
Instagram and I need to make sure like
Anna and I and I realize like I kind of
do the same thing how do you how do you
draw a line I mean like in terms this
guy was obviously just sleeping on
stream but like what do you draw a line
I guess in terms of like what you want
to see on stream of your own life versus
like what you try to keep off stream see
how do you figure out that balance
that's it that's actually a really good
question and I - I was never a selfie
person but I think is more cause of self
conscious reasons more so than like
being anti like I don't know social
media cloud chasing I guess uh-huh but
yeah I was never really a fan of pride
of the I was never a fan of like the
whole like tethered to social media to
document your life in it in some sort of
way but you know people they order food
me
remember when like food porn selfies
were like rampantly popular at the like
birth of Instagram like that was the
whole thing I remember seeing for a long
period of time
everyone would snap there's a snap like
IG or snapping photo centers they got
yeah
yeah all the time that was like that's
like so like cliche at this point now
but that was like that was like popping
like 10 like 10 years ago I want to say
so yeah I always like you know yeah I'm
out if I'm out
of a thumb out with someone if I'm a
falcon something to eat of usually I'm
coming with someone to make it a social
event so it's like me and a friend
getting some getting lunch or catching
up whatever like that and to me I find
I'm taking the food selfie is like
making it about like not it's not about
me and you anymore it's about like my
cloud chase I guess so I find it kind of
like rude to kind of how you know you
have your cell phone in front of you
whenever you're seeing someone you know
the whole idea that you put your cell
phone down because you are dining with
someone mm-hmm I find it similar to that
and hasn't really changed from Maya at
this point but I understand what you're
saying though yeah it's the stance has
changed now in terms of like streaming
how do you decide like what you're
comfortable to have on strain versus
what you're not hmm like people for
instance know that you have like I
imagine though they have a girlfriend or
whatnot right I think yeah right okay
make sure you guys they like break up
like yesterday I like mister or some
dumb [ __ ] okay
but yeah so like you've got a girlfriend
at one on a stream obviously people are
somewhat in tune to your hobbies and
whatnot how do you when you have like a
personal problem in your life like if
you're like fighting with somebody or
whatever do you ever have these
struggles of like what to share what not
to share uh struggles nothing if I find
a pretty pretty easy I so far I have if
I'm ever like in a if I'm ever having
like a confrontation or anything that's
like good it considered like negative I
generally won't bring that to the stream
whether it be like family problems or or
I don't know like girlfriend problems I
won't if I'm like in like a blessed and
positive mood and I feel I could be
emotionally irrational I will the first
thing I will step away from a social
media I don't want ever like tweet out
like salty stuff I don't know so you
don't do like the insane like
passive-aggressive subtweeting and [ __ ]
when you're having like personal no I
don't I've because I think people who do
that impact virus because it's so dumb I
get so channeled the thing is that no
I'm I may come off as a boring person
because I don't do that but I've also
never broken the Golden Rule which is I
don't delete tweets I don't delete those
media post because all we because all
these boys got that [ __ ] got that they
got that screen cap button and got the
Wayback Machine they got the archive.org
they got all that [ __ ] and the minute
you delete a post it is 10 times more
valuable so oh he was trying to hide
that we'll see hi what's he hiding
so now I just tried to do better or not
not something that reward the I would
say I don't delete my tweets but I guess
my counts got banned so it doesn't
really mean much for me but hey go yeah
I don't delete I generally wouldn't
delay any might mean see there I don't
think I hope I did almost like I got
reported I had to delete it yeah I don't
I don't don't delete sweets and I'm I'm
not a fan of stuff tweeting either I
don't I don't subtweet if I got problem
with you I'm fine I'm like really
beefing I'm gonna hit you with the beef
those are especially now that I'm closer
to people sorry so juicy but I'll see
like a random tweet slip out from
someone and it'll be some [ __ ] like you
know like I'm so glad I know who my real
friends are like I'll see sure like I
have to like might be like I sure like
what the [ __ ] is going on like who are
they mad at you know it's always so
stupid holy [ __ ] we asked a question
okay on that note about sub meetings you
brought it up here uh-huh do you ever do
you ever surf your name on no social
media CP will be talked about man I'm
actually really do subtweet you I used
to very obsessively read everything
about me and I still do but there's so
much know that sounds really self art
conceited I don't mean like that but
like there's so much no it was hard to
like I used to be like every YouTube
comment any reddit post oh I mean like I
would do that I still do like I'll still
check all my YouTube videos and look for
reddit threads created about them and I
try to go through some of my youtube
comments but there's like so much out
there now that it's hard to read all of
it
I haven't actually like search for my
name on Twitter though I think cuz I got
banned from Twitter because I got banned
I'm sort of kind of lost interest in it
like I don't really care as much what
people are saying to me if I don't even
have the opportunity to respond like if
there's a real dumb subreddit post and
I've got you know an hour to a free time
I'll [ __ ] sit there and do it cuz why
the [ __ ] not and then on Twitter I can
shine on a dude relentlessly it's a lot
of fun but like if I'm banned from
Twitter I don't know it just doesn't
seem satisfying to read people - yeah
yeah
not satisfying demotivating I understand
that I get that I get that I also would
probably have to contend with the
destiny of the game as well like
searching for it would probably be a
little harder I'd have to use keys yeah
yeah you got you got a lot of that going
on and there's a lot of them you know
let's just you know Jessica Pearson said
it as well here you got a lot of a lot
of very active female strippers and they
invest in who compete for your name so
this week was really this week was real
bad in the destiny Instagram we're all I
got like six different black chicks that
messaged me asking for my Instagram
handle I don't know what happened I'm uh
somebody wants to tell a friend or some
[ __ ] but most of them this week we're
actually very nice I've talked to some
that are very rude I remember
had a pleasant conversation with one
girl like Oh like how did you get the
name was like oh you know I was on a
work I'm balling
oh cool well that's really cool if you
ever in the future like get rid of it I
was like I call sometimes when they
message me like I had one that messaged
me and she was like hey can I have your
name and I was like well no I mean it
was hard to get this name and she's like
but your name ain't even destiny and I'm
like okay but I mean like what is that
of today it's my Brandi got everything
okay but like couldn't you just be
destiny the streamer and I'm like well
but that's not as cool of names like
yeah but my name is destiny you should
give it to me don't be so selfish oh
[ __ ] yeah I've had a few like that they
get like really aggressive like attacked
me for like that what the [ __ ] yeah holy
[ __ ] I'm like yeah and then one was
talking one was going on this whole
thing she's like listen like I've
watched your Instagram and your fans
really loved you and even if you changed
your name I'm sure they'll still follow
you across there I do what the [ __ ] is
wrong with you the [ __ ] outta here is it
working the are you following the uh all
the other little black destiny girls or
see like yeah you don't oh no what the
[ __ ] [ __ ] no I want to do way too much I
got a cash for it 50 here's our you
pivot you tell them hey heavy consider I
get destiny with an eye I mean I'm sure
that that person is probably more
inclined to say yes I would empower
their name yeah maybe
dear L up a little bit I'll persuade
their persuasion yeah why don't you just
block them though um what cuz it's fun
to talk with people who talk appeal I
don't know yeah generally blocking is
the can we tell my section for second
here about the whole when you block
someone I get that there are some times
where it's like satisfying like yeah
[ __ ] you you can't tag me anymore now
you're literally axed out but the thing
I've seen so much now like the last five
years of like social media meta is that
like whenever you block someone or when
you get blocked by someone that is the
haha I triggered you your you got
triggered and you and you could you
never come back that's what I that's the
the the the general no context
translation of when you get blocked by
someone I see and people will like take
it and make that quote-unquote negative
into a positive and just like making a
trophy you know they'll screencap the
your block from destiny you can't view
it you can't be retracted anymore
they'll screen kappa badge of honor yeah
it's like yeah I got him boys
I got them so so blocking is not a thing
I'm really a fan of muting is the real
the real thing if you really wanna get
rid of somebody who just wants meet him
out let them let them shout into the
void yeah every deal with him ever again
I guess I generally depends on like what
type of comment and it is for me if it's
like a big person I would never I don't
think I'd ever block like big figures
because they're too much fun to [ __ ] on
usually people don't know blocking me oh
but I get like there would be so many
like if someone like comes out of
nowhere and they're like oh destiny
aren't you the guy like rapes his kid or
whatever I use like I like em stigma or
people because it's just not worth the
only way like it's so much like dumb
[ __ ] comments and [ __ ] like that I
was like okay then you got me I won't
like pedophile good job like me do you
still get berated about the UM not as
much recently what do people say
recently I think it's I think there are
hyped on the incest thing again oh no
now what said I abandoned my kid that's
the new that's the man in my family
Nebraska good night and you know just
there you go what are you gonna do those
thoughts are hard to [ __ ] it's good it's
good it's gonna be kids now like it's
gonna be like you know yeah clearly you
have like a seek a secret the strange
the daughter that no one knows about
because um you out here II thought and
so hard yeah hi guys okay
moving on to the next friend we kind of
have to pick it up just to make sure we
have it in time oh yeah oh [ __ ] hold on
why don't know if i watch this one
that's uh this Matt didn't the second
one haven't watched yet so I don't know
if it's like good or not
5 : I kind of want to change my it's
about transparency by the way desecrate
this clip so if it sucks ass says fault
transparent oh and you just mean done it
without even realizing oh my god you
just you actually just do you even know
how you mean I don't think you just
realize how you mean wait really
yeah oh okay good name trust me uh it's
crazy that we're in the twitch meta
we're literally a whole word now is like
reserved for a meme is
yeah reserved for a meme now it's crazy
alright yeah [ __ ] it we'll go for it
done alright before
all right let me start again in three
two one go go what's the problem first
she's married second to an aggressive
Lancer and third am terrible at saying
no how do you think I should handle this
the hell kind of car I don't want to be
in this conversation what's oh oh man
yikes yikes we I won't go into the whole
context I guess cuz if you don't know
it's whatever but um one of the so like
what this is very interesting to me I
guess because there's always like there
have been like two massively different
schools of thought on how to handle
personal problems related to stream
stuff and one which is generally the
site that I usually fall on is to mist
you just full an utter transparency
right it's just like oh yeah well this
is what's gone this would happen and
then that's everything and then the
other are people who are like like you
need to chill and keep as much of your
private life private as possible we kind
of another reason why I don't replace
wasn't just for that because we kind of
we kind of won over this in the past one
but like wait do you it's kind of so my
did you fall on any side of that I guess
like or actually here like I'm curious
let's say like I propose a scenario
let's say that either like you or your
girlfriend [ __ ] I don't say this because
I don't know how personal I'm not trying
to do so only hypothetical you know yeah
okay maybe I under understand me my
girlfriend very happy okay sure so your
girlfriend let's say they're like one of
you ends up cheating on each other and
then you end up splitting because of
that right so obviously I I'm pretty
sure I've seen clips of you and your
girlfriend together and stream I imagine
that you guys would probably split up
and not live together how do you address
something like that with your stream
like do you tell them we just split up
do you not say anything and hope people
just forget about her do you say we
split up because one of us cheated and
[ __ ] up or like how do you even or do
you lie and say we split up around good
terms or what so the thing about that is
uh I have given that some thought like
what what what happens hypothetically if
things don't work out under any scenario
I can possibly imagine and the thing is
like if I was more
skeptical of meandher not working out
then I probably would have thought
further in advance and not made her so
intertwined to my stream but the thing
is now you know she's been on my stream
and for a lot of a lot of time over the
last three years even being my my Dark
Souls co-anchor because you know the
concept being that you know if I'm
playing through Dark Souls my tummy gets
folded backseat oblivion that's why I
saw her from it from those clips yeah
yeah yeah so I have her late chat to me
so she's like park she's a vital part of
the stream atmosphere by that time and
it worked out really really well well
anyways though so having her on the
stream there's just no way for this to
not be like the the blunt of attention
the entire tour the brunt of the
attention the entire time mm-hmm so yeah
III already [ __ ] by the point so I
don't think I have the option to be like
minimally you know minimally informative
to everyone involved my community
without it like blowing up and be like
well what are you hiding did you beat
her what actually happened because she
on her why'd you do it why are you so
disgusting Oh doc 2.0 or whatever the
[ __ ] all right I'll just say all kind of
[ __ ] like that and anything so I would I
feel like I would have to just I have no
other option but to be transparent in
this hypothetical I would have to speak
transparent be like yeah I thought them
and just like it would be called like a
you know piece of [ __ ] for forever
pretty much yeah it would super suck I
think in terms of what implants know
yeah [ __ ] you're getting you know I
think in terms of how integrated they
are into your stream I actually agree
with that really heavily if you have
like a personal life that you've kept
pretty much off stream and something
happens or changes or that I don't think
you owe anyone anything no one has to
know [ __ ] about what's going on whereas
like I guess if you've like heavily
integrated them into the stream you
depending on how integrated they are you
probably owe some kind of explanation if
they're there like every other day or
big through big parts of your stream and
then someday they're just like gone
forever you probably have to like
explain something right now I will say
though if you're a little more support
here less empathetic
more sociopathic I guess you could just
say like you could downplay and just be
like yeah I'm just gonna yeah meet her
meet her split and then just like you
know just super duper like hard blue
ball everyone on details and just never
give them the satisfaction if you can
deal with like the chronic ignoring of
all that and just like even if you even
area the allman the wrong and I don't
want to like you know give out too
feel better or feel more understanding
for what I said or did wrong and
correctly to lead to the breakup yeah if
you can if you can like deal that
emotional burden cool I play my emotions
pretty close to my sleep or pretty close
to me so child I could do that ever but
here's that's a this is very unrelated
to all of this actually but now I'm
super [ __ ] curious okay I'm getting
you with a hard-hitting questions are
you ready
I'm already what conversation topic that
we had a few days ago on stream is how
insanely [ __ ] difficult it is to be
black and then to be successful but to
not be a sellout that like navigating
those waters seems so [ __ ] difficult
in in in like black celebrity life and
the reason I'm gonna ask you this are
you ready oh man this is the big
hard-hitting question
I'm already I'm already excited to talk
about this but uh because I want to ask
to elaborate on one component this
question but continue do you ever get
[ __ ] from other black people especially
black women for dating a white girl whoo
okay now all right this is this is we're
in the hot button yeah okay all right so
first thing first
when you say sellout are you talking
about like exploiting black culture no
so like it's like so it seems like
sometimes there's this difficult thing
where like the dating a white girl seems
to be like one of the most common kind
of like rubbish things where like [ __ ] I
don't know how to explain it I'm not
saying that you're necessarily doing it
but it's this thing we're like black
people become successful it seems like
there's this kind of struggle where it's
like like if like there's all these
weird dilemmas where like if I talk like
like like a normal or whatever like
well-spoken American am I talking white
am I just like betraying you know like
where I came from
should I incorporate more you know
African American vernacular whatever
like yeah if I move out to like a rich
neighborhood and it's all white people
am I just like betraying my community am
I like [ __ ] that up you know if I
become successful now and I go to date
like a blonde chick am i you know
betraying the black community am i
turning my back on black women like
there's like all these like really
perplexing like dilemmas that seem to
pop up for like black celebrities
sometimes okay
so the thing about that is I think it
there's like it was like a collating of
two things there one is that
in the entertainment industry a lot of
black actors and actresses do get
shunned of a lot of opportunity I think
we can openly admit that the
entertainment trees like incredibly
antiquated and TLDR racist when it comes
to like opportunities being present
because there's like a I mean there's
literally like leaked documents of man
bait saying that oh we need we need like
at least we need one black person when
we need like we need to fill the Asian /
Indian quota to meet the diversity quota
for its particular project here we can't
have too many of them we need like at
least one right and so yeah and there's
this all that's why often why you see
all these all these black black ensemble
movies is because like whenever one
person makes it whether it be I don't
know Kevin horror whoever they usually
want to bring in more of the black
entertainers was just never gotten a
callback or a chance to like let them
shine it's not even because they're
saying like you know hey I I want to
like stick it to the the white man by
putting in black people everywhere it's
more that white people rarely get
opportunities to like to do anything I
think that that Tiggers to that point
the most recent um was a crazy rich
Asians isn't that like the first all
Asian cast movie that got like who's
nominated for awards or something like
that was a really big deal I think be
kind of speaking to that same point yeah
yeah that was a I want to say that was
the first all Asian Western production
that something something of that budget
in caliber I don't know buddy exact
criteria but yeah it was a it was the
first one in a the first one in a very
long time if ever at all mm-hmm so yeah
it was pretty cool well yeah yeah big
bet that's like so the entertainment
industry has a very big problem there
with that and oftentimes if you if you
don't help them out then it's like
because you can relate to their struggle
of just trying to climb in the
entertainment industry time and time
again
now comparatively here you just come
back to the question here you asked
before I get to the dating white women
it is a betrayal of whatever you asked
me as a successful black extreme rate
person whatever can you be successful in
black without selling out without that
other question yeah or like well I mean
like obviously the answer is yes but
like how do you ever think I guess and I
guess maybe this is more for like maybe
like the really big celebrities whatever
like when you get
people like Drake or even Obama or
whatever who are accused of being like
like Uncle Tom's or like house Negros or
whatever right cuz people Ike all like
you know like you're just you act white
all the time and you don't do anything
for the brothers or do you ever do you
ever have this thought in your mind and
I don't know how important this is to
you or how like sent or whatever
yeah do you ever think about stuff like
that well I mean I've been I've been
literally addressed with it like face
front for a very long oh yeah with the
whole [ __ ] trihard face yeah for sure
that's right yeah that's right even
before tired face um
so the given idea here I was born in
Florida Orlando Florida you know big
multicultural diverse Orlando Florida
you had like poor Ricans everywhere you
had like there was so many races it
didn't even think about race actually it
was grassy and then my parents divorced
in 2001 I moved to Louisiana I moved to
a small rural town in south Louisiana
and dude the racism wasn't saying I I
I'm making some hyperbole when just a I
fell off a lot racism but it's like it's
ingrained into the culture like in high
school
there were four groups black girls black
guys white girls white guys and that was
like amongst fifteen year olds it wasn't
even like that was a good ingrained
culture that was like subconsciously
taught from the parents that's crazy to
me that that the only like the biggest
multi-culture the biggest multiracial
group I saw there was the Nerds was it
was me and the nerds who were playing
yugioh and Dragonball Z and [ __ ]
together
that was the where I saw blacks and
whites come together and being the only
black geek I said nerd actually it's
more of a geek thing black the only
black geek in the group all the all the
regular black kids who were into you
know the the Air Force Ones and you know
the typical like I don't know black
culture for lack of a better term here
they would come you know harass me and
they would literally literally be like
destiny they would be like why you Axl
white why you why you be talking so
white I'm just like how do you act a
race what are you talking about dude
like they were legit stunned that I I
just I don't know didn't have the lazy
st. lazy but like the the the slurred
pronunciation of words you know cut cut
not be I doing right there mean that
they know they speak like that no I
couldn't imitate if I like was around
enough again to practice it and
everything but yeah it's not how I chose
to speak and I don't
make like a deliberate effort to betray
how how how by people talk on a regular
basis out in the South but you know that
that's that's what they did they would
they would that not only would they say
to why do you act so white they and
again they would feel disgusted by
that's why they felt they felt the need
to like come talk to me and they were
the ones provoking conversation I was
even like speaking with enough time they
always come at me be like what are you
doing you know you are you sitting here
playing this witchcraft [ __ ] which was
like nobody you do cards now um David
also they would call me white Mike my
name is Michael they would call me white
Mike throughout high school so yeah I
got I got a Michigan I got I got picked
on and to a certain to for a certain
small degree from like to really
annoying people uh harassed for just the
way I spoken who all hung out with so
yeah yeah that definitely can a deathly
can relate to that happening and then as
far as a try-hard goes just real quick
I'm sorry just to have my little sjw
moment this is one of those things where
I say like it's I know they're like a
lot of people got like insanely [ __ ]
triggered when that there was some woman
I thought you should know her name but
like she basically she was on stage she
was like sometimes white people just
need to shut up and listen to minorities
and it was like kind of inflammatory the
way she said it
but like the gist if you listen to her a
whole kind of like little speech
basically the gist of the message was
that like a lot of people have different
types of lived experiences that are
impossible to you would never just think
of it on the spot and like that example
is something like I could never imagine
being like on top of all the other dumb
[ __ ] you go through in high school cuz
[ __ ] Christ is high school a
miserable [ __ ] time or at least in my
existence compared to like college
everything after [ __ ] I hated high
school just because you're so confused
and you're [ __ ] everything is so
[ __ ] weird to have another layer on
top of that dealing with you erase when
you're already like don't even know what
the [ __ ] your identity is and you're
trying to find it it is like that seems
like really unfaithful to me it seems
like really sad that you'd have to deal
with that but yeah yeah no you're not
kidding they're like I honestly the
biggest thing destiny is I wish in high
school I have like an older brother to
tell me like the things that he learned
by the time he was a senior because I
the sad thing is dude I I had a very
very low self-worth throughout high
school because because of because of
this situation and I tried so hard to
like appease people I didn't even like
honestly I tried to climb a social
hierarchy in high school and it was done
because if I if I had simply
just gave it a thought and thought you
know the the day after graduation those
people they dissolve there's there's no
stimulant to see you know Buddha and
Jerome and all them ever again so
they're all gonna be you know either
gonna be at McDonald's or some like
little [ __ ] in job or whatever or out
know doing hood ratchet until they get
some girl pregnant no I'm only didn't
sound like razors are statistically
significant here they they they did not
have good grades they'd not they were
not ambitious with their education they
didn't give two [ __ ] about at all for
them school was just really like going
there to like sell weed and [ __ ] and
sell CDs until they can so they had to
like get out of three o'clock because
the dismissal bells ringing yeah so yeah
yeah I like um there's actually a really
cool quote I think it's from uh it might
be from Will Smith don't get me wrong as
long as on us here but it's a I'm
spinning money I don't have to buy
things I don't need to impress people I
don't like I might have gotten it wrong
there but it's something like that
degree and that's definitely like
verbatim the kind of [ __ ] I was doing in
high school and wasted a lot of time not
realizing till after I was in college
gotcha this was apparently a Walter
sleaze that quote who's an austrian-born
actor so you are culturally
appropriating his speech so please
follow down there okay whoa slow down
there okay very insensitive given the
topic I see okay and then for the final
point here have I ever been berated
because as a black man dating a white
girl with the implied obligation that I
am betraying my race because I'm not
with the black girls that's a that's a
yeah pretty much Alan yeah okay so the
thing about that is it's not like I
exclusively go after white women one I
think it's important to understand like
what led to the path I'm on that led me
to get with my girlfriend Jessica who is
white or whatever or white whatever you
want it's like she's like half polish
half something else like a [ __ ] gnome
I think Native American or whatever we
even notice these days right sure she uh
so whenever you know often there was
there was like girls way prior to her
but again I live out in in south
Louisiana and all the girls out here or
they're they're getting yeah I think
back here like you know if I'm in high
school is like 2005 right
so gaming is much less mainstream much
less socially accepted now than it was
back then and so trying to just even
talk to these girls it's like it's like
I'm on another planet honestly a lot a
lot a lot of girls and a lot of guys to
be fair um it goes both ways they're
just like being like a very game savvy
like you know super geek um doesn't get
you very far in south Louisiana
if you ain't well back then it didn't
matter no no yeah this is all like time
period yeah like if you ain't mud
if you ain't four-wheeler in if you
ain't hunting and fishing and gunnin
yeah you're you think these boys would
literally come and like they like
everyone would wear like camouflage
hunting jackets and like camo boots to
school with their school uniform to give
you an idea of how like how cake on a
rootin tootin country truck and it is
out here mm-hmm that's what they do
what anyways though yeah the girls just
we're not interested in buying this [ __ ]
I was into like I I felt super insecure
around girls like this is like black
girls and white girls comics its
southern girls in general here like I
just was super insecure because I had no
basis for conversation because like my
top interest I don't know anime and
videogames geeky nerdy [ __ ] I have like
there was no basement even like
established conversation and be like hey
Ari yeah I like Lil Boosie too
yeah he's cool I don't know it's I felt
I was talking to like a foreign entity
in its entirety so I had no really go
with it that's one of them a lot of
people might not understand that that's
one of the reasons why a lot of people
in gaming today get so [ __ ] jaded
because it always seemed like and I'm
not using this as an excuse for nay but
I understand the mindset 100% that
generally growing up like if you played
games as a guy that was something they
like a lot of people thought you had to
hide and even today actually people will
ask that like when they're doing like
tinder profiles feel like I play video
games should I mention that or should I
keep that hidden or whatever you know
but so I understand sometimes why people
feel frustrated when girls everything
were getting more involved in games
today and it's like well [ __ ] like I got
made fun of this all throughout [ __ ]
high school in grade school and now
you're getting into it today and like
the [ __ ] like that seems really [ __ ]
up you know not to say that that
justifies like harassing anybody or
whatever but that that kind of that
dichotomy that world is very strange
that like today I can literally get laid
because I
play video games if somebody else sees
that and like we'd meet each other and
play video games but like 15 years ago
that was like the best form of like
birth control was like being a hardcore
gamer I think that that that that it's
crazy how fast things change Jesus
Christ I can't imagine if you're like 40
or 50 years old and then like now you're
like you know 50 60 years old like in 15
years
like from no internet to like what the
culture we have today is like so much
change holy [ __ ] [ __ ] that's crazy
that is crazy there's two points I want
to bring about that welcome to you my
own day here one is that you're also
forgetting here the peak of stupidity
when it came to like anti-gaming X
Gaming acceptance which is like the at
the peak of the stupidity of the Sepideh
T like time chart is that there was a
point where like 2009 2008 where like
farmville was poppin on Facebook which
was which was which means you're a gamer
you're playing farmville you're playing
game you are a gamer but then like
traditional core gaming was still like
socially not like fully accepted yet so
like it was like this double standard of
like you know oh well I love farmville
on Facebook but then they would they
were like oh I don't game though I don't
play those game like they play mm-hmm so
looks like this I remember that being
like a really frustrating point to like
to observe socially in a macro context
for a while and then you're right though
yeah we are in a very crazy generate
probably the biggest generational rift
I feel ever that fair to say because you
have like you have boomers who just are
not into the internet what so whatsoever
at all and then you have like you know
as you get further down the generation
gaps here like people who were you know
Millennials who are just an internet
like at like at the appropriate like
teenage hood you have like a vanilla
childhood to like learn social skills by
actually interacting with other children
and your plate and you're so cold a sack
or whatever and then by teenagehood you
had social media to like you know
further further enhance and catapult
those skills into the real world
ultimately and then by comparison you
have Generation Z now who was born with
the internet always existing post 9/11
and they had social media and YouTube
advertisements and all the YouTube
algorithm literally frying their brain
social media you know tweaking with
their dopamine releases
they've never known to not have that I'm
some kind of when I report it that way
but you know getting out here yeah yeah
so it's like that's like that's three
very different people all coexisting at
one time right now yeah it's hard to
imagine it like people alive today these
would be older people but like I think
it was like the 20s and the 30s the
1920's 1930's when like even when cars
became available like people weren't
like really driving people like weren't
even really driving it until like the
20s and 30s is when car and now it's
like yeah now we have like the internet
that's the same and there are people
still alive that it that we're like in
that era that's ridiculous
well I guess if what 420 is ninety did
like 100 almost but like yeah yeah
that's crazy well to to continue though
yeah so just girls in the South in
general did not for me like gaming was
the ultimate like super like virgin
repellent or whatever you want to call
like virgin virginity intact
whatever you wanna call it and yeah just
like um and I not only was the gaming
thing hurting me as well but even like
so I never had like a racial bias like I
was all I've always been like team face
if you have a cute face black white
whatever I'll I definitely would you
know try to try to talk these girls or
whatever and I can tell you that in high
school
literally two two girls white girls that
I was talking to I couldn't first name
drop if you want to hear them but I'm
think it's gonna help anything here
literally literally were like sorry um I
would date you but my dad would be mega
upset if I did so I can't yeah I was
just like they just like openly admit
how races their their parents are the
parental rejection would be over dating
a black eye and I was just like I've
heard that in even in Nebraska oh my my
kids mom Rachel after we broke up her
boy this is a long time was like five
years after it ever she got a black
boyfriend and she was very very [ __ ]
scared to bring him tour to like her
house because she thought her dad would
[ __ ] kill him but yeah yeah that was
that caught me off guard I didn't it
wasn't like I knew that was gonna happen
that wouldn't happen I was like damn I'm
really racial rejection damn and it's
like it was so passive just like yeah my
daddy would
me so I'm sorry I have to say no and I'm
just like I'm like am I am I being lied
to the really interested me right now
just like just genuinely a thing and
then when the second girl did it I was
like that's really a thing parents are
just openly racist and the like imagine
imagine giving so many hints to like you
know if you're a dad right you're giving
somebody hits your daughter about like
you bet
you better not dilute the gene pool that
you actually are you have to social cue
the TEL preemptively
would be Lycia partners that it's not
it's a bad idea like it's one thing if
you're in ignorance and you like you
bring daddy here's Jerome then you bring
Jerome home and he like he freaks out
and like I don't know whatever it goes
on some kind of like jontron racist rant
or whatever but imagine like being so
blatantly racist that you get the the
daughter knows preemptively to not
engage yeah I mean I imagine he's
probably a conversation that's come up
once or twice before but yeah yeah so
that's a yeah for those two reasons
I got incredibly frustrated with the
entirety of like the dating spectrum or
relationships I'm just like okay I'm
gonna work on me and just be the best I
think around 10th grade I made a
conclusion I'm gonna be the best you
feel player I can be and just like work
on my online persona of trihex and be
like a god gamer or try to be at least
and fast 40 now though yeah I just kind
of like kind of gave up on like southern
girls throughout high school you fast
forward I get into twitch of 2011 I
eventually get into resuming trying to
like fine on a general companionship or
whatever and when if at first it was my
geek from the healthy back but that was
my twitch streaming that held me back
because I found like I had this giant
resource of you know streaming three to
four nights a week that I found very
hard to explain the girls and the few
that I try to talk to again it was black
or white I was just southern girls in
general that I was I was around and they
would all like they thought was a toy
there'd be like oh that's cute you you
do the video game thing okay that's cool
and my day they had like fancy as
profession then see like as a respect
things then was just like you know oh
it's just boys and their toys no they
4-wheelers streaming but I don't know
motorcycles it's all the same [ __ ] like
there's no difference whatsoever and I
was just like hmm like this like super
turns me on it's like out ultimately I
just found that there was like no one
come
Hannibal in my interest and in the South
here and so that's where a venom came
into play later on because it was we had
we had met over twitch and so we all got
that giant overlap where she had already
been a she'd already knew who I was and
I didn't have to like hold back anything
she had already like she had already
knew of my stream and knew what I did
and everything so I'd have to I have to
dumb down anything she knew everything
about everything she knew about my
rampant masturbation jokes and anything
else in between
no cool all right real quick because
we're gonna have the profile on I just
wanna watch this one we don't have to
come and I guess on it I just thought
this clip was like really [ __ ] cute
the fact there was something to talk
about here but um okay yeah I'm sorry
nope it's good no no just cuz we're
running short because of the deplorable
the deplorable
okay you ready I got this third one
loaded up with the doc alright three
yeah okay
three great two one hit him up go are
you stupid
no no no no I don't know definitely not
I don't like streamers I think they're
overrated especially for night streamers
way too much money I agree it pisses me
off
they've got to be making millions these
streamers well their best to just get
money in that's the only thing they can
really do cuz they're just trying to do
other things
god I'm right there with you I know you
and I I'm gonna send you a friend
request after this game we're gonna talk
more about this all day okay sounds like
some [ __ ] Nathan would say I don't know
I thought it was very funny dude there
was something I wanted to talk about
here I think it's like it's really
interesting that like with streaming
today you could just be talking to
someone and have no idea that your
conversation is literally being
broadcast at 30,000 people
that's an interesting I feel like
there's things are talking about on both
sides there but [ __ ] yeah we don't
really have time
yeah yeah I also want the fall further
on the whole dating away clippings I
mean I got to like why buddy yeah I know
we were like right next to it maybe we
can we can bring it back at the very end
okay sure
okay that'll be our big cliffhanger okay
I am going to throw you guys at the
starting soon screen so that I can get
the camera set up for this and then
we're gonna come back in guys we're
gonna come in real hot okay
so wish us luck we're bringing in I
think there are two members up with of
the deplorable choir that will be coming
in so all right we're gonna yeah I can't
this is Christmas morning right here by
the way I don't know what to expect I
have no idea what's gonna happen here so
good luck guys
you
alright what's up guys we are back and
we are joined by two lovely members of
the deplorable choir
I guess so for people than for people
that don't know you
although most of my audience will do you
want to like introduce yourselves like
what you guys do how do you yeah who are
you really
actually we're just give Imams that like
kind of make fools of ourselves online
thinking about Trump some people hate it
but we just have fun
so that's that's what we do okay so I'm
really curious how did this start how
did you get into this it was me I you
know we're not like a real band or
anything we just there are real bands we
are now we weren't none of us were
singing or anything we just you know
we're conservative and we were kind of
sick of the narrative that you hear
about Trump supporters you know that
they're hateful racist homophobic just
all these things that we personally
consider lies and we just thought that a
lot of people we know that are
conservative like you know unbelievable
hearts of gold and we kind of we we saw
the negative affect that the media and
the narrative had on the people we love
and we just thought you know what we're
fighting back with joy like with fun
we have no problem with people making
fun of us like a problem
so we're like you know maybe I don't
know maybe people's can see us not take
ourselves so seriously and stuff that
other people like-minded people could
start to have fun because you know it's
kind of hard to be a trump supporter in
this world but you know and then also
maybe people who don't agree with us
maybe see that were just it'd be fun and
well actually I think that was what I
thought would happen I don't know if
that's only is the case okay you know
that's what I hope for so okay that's
interesting do I'm I'm just from the
musical side do you guys like write all
of your lyrics and songs or do somebody
else bright kind of like ghost write
stuff for you and you guys sing it or do
you guys brainstorm and kind of work
with someone else to put something
together how does that work
so far we've written all our own stuffs
but if you got anything we'll take it
yeah sing it over we're open um no we
pretty much write our own music or stuff
but now that we're on the deplorable
sewer we're working with like this
incredible guitarist Brian Hanna he
traveled with that puppet man breath
yarn serum Thunder who were talking
about but he's really good so I think
we'll start writing with him hopefully
maybe what do you know when you guys are
on tour now cuz I'm only familiar like
two of your songs do you guys have more
songs you just play those two and then
walk off the stage or what but on the
tumor we only sing three songs and each
time we've done the show we've sing a
different song so who knows like what
they're gonna have us be doing yeah I
think we might actually start writing
new songs for each to show depending on
what's going on in the world okay um do
you have any questions tracks as I
probably should've introduced oh sorry
so I'm Stephen Ortega
yeah Stephen or destiny I guess
depending on who you're talking to and
then this is try X or are you gonna
introduce yourself II yeah I'm trying
some the coast of the podcast as well
I'm very happy to have you both on super
excited questions um I think your uh
for okay I'm sorry for full disclosure
because I don't I actually I didn't
actually think this would happen
I am super left-leaning like I like
we've talked a lot about like your songs
in the greater context of like political
conversations so I had no idea you guys
would actually accept so congratulations
on that I I mean I'm surprised so that's
cool I think these are some really
liberal people but we don't care I mean
honestly I hate the fact that there
might be a lot of conservative people
unwilling to talk to conservatives or
urban liberals or vice versa you know
liberals that don't want to talk to
conservatives iets open the conversation
I feel like people should have
discussions about what they believe in
why and happy
happily right right you know everybody
we don't all have to hate each other
okay I guess so attracted you understand
that we're pretty weird we're unique
okay so I guess my opening question
would be the songs that you make in the
lyrical content they contain am I to
take them as you advocate for them like
you're like you're in support of the
wall so I should take that correctly
actually like the lyrics are just like
kind of rephrase like Republican talking
points or or like our dude and I believe
every single thing that you're singing
about particularly I probably believe
what I'm saying but I'm also like I said
and like open to having conversations
with other people about why I could be
wrong I totally am support for the wall
if that's what you're asking
I feel like it's I'm not
anti-immigration like that's what our
country is founded upon I want people to
come here but I don't want our borders
to be used as political propaganda I
don't you know these caravans that are
coming here I have a huge heart for the
women and children that are in the
caravans because I think they are
subject to abuse trafficking and I mean
obviously other people are gonna have
different viewpoints on that but I think
like the way people are starting to take
advantage of our borders and come here
it's just not the right way and it puts
a lot of people in danger and we
actually have friends that live on and
border towns and it's terrifying for
them they don't feel safe there and you
know I just I feel like there should be
like we have ports of entry right now
but I think everything else should be
protected and not necessarily a great
concrete wall but walls do work and I
mean we you know we protect our citizens
here in the United States we have laws
and stuff and just to have a whole bunch
of unvetted people being able to cross
illegally which is what happens is what
happens and obviously they do get into
the ports 299th needs
be tighter security but we need to know
who's coming here and that's why we
support a wall or spence or some slats
you know but some some sort of barrier
there is there needs to be a change yeah
I am I work with angel Homs that's why I
like I volunteer with moms whose kids
were killed by illegal aliens and it's
really hard for me to grasp the fact
that their kids would be here if it
weren't for the illegal alien that
shouldn't have been here
do you feel similarly about helping
parents of children who have been killed
by school shootings to help them
advocate against like Second Amendment
rights or is that different for you well
obviously I feel like the same you know
kids that's horrible we have kids yeah I
do too I have a seven-year-old son okay
yeah so obviously that pulls on
everybody's heart so it's a big issue I
guess like as conservatives our view is
more you know school safety i I may be I
operate on tier sometimes but I don't
advocate for tight like a I mean I
support the Second Amendment like I you
know I my brain horrible just horrible
but I guess I always fear in caution
like somebody can make fun of me this
for me but you know like you know a lot
of populations have been disarmed and
then they're rounded up and murdered you
know so it's like I don't know I just
like feel like the people the Second
Amendment was it was written so that we
could defend ourselves and defend
ourselves against our government if need
be like which is that even realistic
nowadays because I always defend guys
gun in my house for protecting protect
myself to protect my family and my
husband's gone you take away our guns
like those people those monsters are
gonna hurt us somehow yeah I guess I
guess we like look at it differently but
absolutely like I you know I I follow
Andrew Pollock way off obviously and a
lot of that the Parkland bull shooters
have different views on how like what
the answer is and I just happen to agree
with like the school
safety but I mean why you signed it yeah
I can be wrong too sure there you know I
I believe that there's you know I really
wish people could work together like I
mean people don't like to give Trump any
credit conservatives are really hard on
him because of the bunk stock fan and
then liberals don't give them any credit
for it so sometimes it's like you're
damned if you do you're damned if you
don't
there needs to be a solution and people
need to be able to talk about it yeah I
guess like I'm just kind of like going
back on that it seems like for you the
idea of the second amendment existing
that concept to be able to have arms and
protect ourselves on the government
that's so important that it's okay maybe
that sometimes kids just get killed as a
result of people exercising that right
but I guess what I don't think we don't
think it's okay that people get killed
like we said there obviously needs to be
a judge I guess like from our view if
you round up and you take everybody's
guns then you know they're only the
honest people turn them in so I don't
know that's I mean it seems like I mean
places like Australia have like after
the Port Arthur shooting I've tried this
and it seems like their gun violence
decreased quite a bit when they started
to collect firearms from the public and
have people do voluntary trade ends but
I guess like without getting like I
don't wanna get like super hung up on
the specifics it's just um sometimes I
guess like my issue is like the summe
arguments are used to support some
things but but they could be used for
other things and it seems very selective
how people apply them like some people
might say the idea that so I have a kid
and you guys have kids and I don't know
this for sure but I'm willing to bet
that if you lived in an area where you
legitimately felt like your kid could be
killed or drafted into a gang or sold
into sex trafficking like what happens
to some of these places in Honduras I
would go anywhere in the world to get
away from it to get my child away from
it I would do anything I possibly could
you know laws be damned I would do
whatever I could to protect my family
I'm pretty sure you two are probably
this similar I imagine so it seems weird
when I'm if illegals I guess or or
people come to the wall and we say like
well you know we can't let anybody in
because there might be some bad fallout
from it you know some people might get
killed but then when we talk about
something like the Second Amendment
that's like so holy and so perfect and
so protected that even if people die
because we have guns that's an okay
trade-off but for the illegal
immigration it seems like we're not
willing to make that trade-off that's
just kind of confusing
I guess I don't I don't really I just
first of all you talked so fast oh yes I
if I I'm sorry if I ever say anything
you disagreed you can just stop me
immediately and I'll stop talking I'm
sorry yeah I'm saying I don't think it's
you know like people are unwilling to
have a conversation about it I don't
think you know is that is that what you
know so you're saying if they're trying
to flee from like danger to save their
families that like you're saying that we
don't think that that's okay and that's
we think I mean I want them to come in
but we come in Legally because well know
and are deeply affected immigration I'm
sorry like I said you were talking fast
and I was trying to follow you yeah so
basically like it seems like if illegals
come here we all agree that it would be
good to help families but we don't want
to do it because there could be some
people that kill people some illegal
immigrants are bad okay I making a
mockery of our borders I mean a lot of
these caravans have been organized and
people are paid they come here and they
demand twenty five thousand for family
and then they'll leave I feel like it's
right now what we're seeing is for
political gain political purposes only I
feel like really you think that those
the families that it used to be mainly
men came here but the law that you or
you're unable to separate children from
their families after what is it like 20
holding days is what encouraged more
people to bring their children here
because they read on the dangerous
journey because they realize that after
that time they're all going to be
released into the United States and so I
feel like people are taking advantage of
our system under like refugee status
understand why people are refugees but
when they all come in like mass migrate
like that how are you supposed to tell
the real red
refugees from people who come here from
economic gain like I well that's what we
have like our whole border should be set
up right and they're handing out
blankets to all of these peoples are
helping them so you know being there
volunteering my time however I I feel
like our media has made such a
conversation about it that it has
encouraged people that want to come here
for economic
gain and to me that's a disservice to
people who truly need to come here for
refugee status yeah that's what I have a
problem yeah I guess some I don't know I
mean like to take their children here or
to pay a coyote to make children here
and subject these kids to really really
really dangerous situations and I don't
think it needs to be like this I mean
people coming over to America is a huge
business well why do you think people
are willing to risk them why do you
think people are willing to risk the
safety of their children who come to
this country it is for a better life but
I like the avenue that they're doing it
is just wrong and that I mean it's the
drug cartel and stuff that's benefiting
from it they're getting so I mean it
costs so much for them to take one
person across the border and so you know
I just yeah but like if if people are
willing to risk so much to get their
child here a ton of money to go through
the horrendous process of legal
immigrating doesn't that say something
about where they're coming from
I mean yes I mean it does coming from I
still feel like the way the meat that's
going about it right now was wrong and
we're probably not gonna come to an
agreement right now that I don't see
keeping our border open is the answer I
think making a legal process that's
beneficial to everybody is the answer I
mean we can't how's the world's homeless
wife we took the money that they you
know and pumped it into their I don't
even know like what the specific steps
would be but we have to help I mean
those countries need to get on their
feet everybody's gonna start coming here
and then we're gonna crash you know we
just if we open our doors they're coming
by that I mean the new Caribbean has
like over 15,000 people they're learning
they can get in like that so they're
coming for economic gain but when they
come here and what like 95 percent of
them end up on welfare over here we're
paying for them we are gonna sink I mean
I think that most immigrants that come
over here I don't think most of them end
up on welfare I think most of them end
up working right let's look at Germany
right now they're gonna be people who
are working 95% of their immigrants are
on welfare and they're the people the
Germans are gonna be
paying for that they're never gonna get
to retire for the rest of their lives
well we there's some things you have to
look at and they're real fears the real
fears that people like we have right or
wrong you I mean obviously you have a
different view as us but they are
legitimate questions and we have to be
able to come to a solution and if we
want to blame anybody it needs to be
those lame ducks in Congress right now
because they're unwilling to talk to
each other you know I'm sorry without
going without going to that understand
appreciate where you're coming from
because you have a heart you're
compassionate we have hearts we're
compassionate we just see it differently
however we elect people to figure it out
and right now they are all digging their
heels in the sand and they're not doing
that and not as what is unacceptable
maybe huh I guess like um when I so I
was raised very Catholic I don't know
what your denomination is a religious
background I I assume some sort of
Christian background yes yeah I guess
like the the rhetoric and insofar as
building a wall is it comes off to me I
guess is like very strange I guess like
when I think of in terms of like how
Jesus conducted his life in the Gospels
and how he kind of went into communities
and he fed people and He healed the sick
on all this I guess like this idea that
like well somebody might come to our
country and you know we can't help and
it'll be a burden I don't know that just
seems like a very unchristian like kind
of point of view to take I feel like are
we kind of like obligated by God to help
these struggling families that come to
the border but not our government
Jesus advocated people to help person
help you I work in my community not only
do I work with angel moms but I work
with the foster children in my community
there's a whole bunch of them that are
being forgotten because of all the
migrants that are coming over we have
not helped our own people first and yes
you can use that rhetoric like it's not
the Christian thing to do but I mean
also you have to be smart about it like
how there are kids in my community we
live in are really well-to-do community
and we have like 20,000 kids in fog that
in the foster system that are not being
taken care of and so I volunteer with
them and I'm like how these kids are
struggling and there's
in their marketing love and their not
their needs aren't being met and then
you have all the volunteers that are
trying to help them and they're selling
overloaded and they're not being able to
how will you continuously let more
people in how are they going to help
isn't it a better idea to focus on those
countries how can we structure them how
can we get them out of the you know the
crime ridden murder driven you know but
struggling yeah I understand so I
totally agree yeah if our own kids are
suffering yeah if our own kids are
suffering it I totally agree that that's
not a good thing were you upset then
when Trump taxed like when Trump passed
that massive tax cut so like the
wealthiest Americans do you think that
money should be going to our children
instead or do you think those types of
tax cuts are ultimately beneficial to
Americans like you know obviously know
the benefits everybody went like that
you're the trickle-down effects and
stuff like I I mean but the trickle-down
effects clearly don't work like you're
telling me that you have children in
your towns that aren't like aren't being
cared for while the wealthiest people
are getting more wealthy everyday than
they ever have been in all of human
history you know you you take I guess
you can take 100 percent of the money
from the 1% and if it's only gonna
render like what a week well it wouldn't
be 100 percent of the money I think I've
heard other marginal tax rates proposed
it wouldn't be every single time but I
mean like lowering the taxes seems to be
the wrong direction if we're really
hurting for money so badly that a couple
of immigrants coming over our border is
stressing our system it seems strange
that in the next breath it would praise
you know reducing our tax receipts I
don't know it just seems like oh you
write a song with all your arguments
what we do what we believe in I mean it
is absolutely crazy how people have like
completely different opinions on both
sides of you I do not doubt that my
heart is in the right place or your
heart is in the right place I think we
just have very different solutions so I
can
sit here and go back and forth with you
all day on them we're never gonna reach
an agreement but I mean I wish I mean I
do wish people had like a you know I'm
saying if we're having it you write us a
song I just I don't think I'm gonna see
it's the same is you you can write us a
song a little bit go back and forth with
each other you know what screw it we can
do a joint song and show both sides how
about that okay I'll get my songwriter
to work on it sorry go ahead Drake well
if I can hear um there there was one
question I have for y'all before I get
into there's a couple of faults I wanted
anyone interrupt you and uh yeah gopher
dance
you went dude Steve here but like
there's some false I have involving the
logistics of the wall so I don't have to
even like really want to critique like
the fact that you are Pro wall but I
have some things that I want to bring to
your concern about the actual logistics
of execution of the wall being built
that may make you a little bit concerned
I wanted to come back to the Second
Amendment things there are some things
that I feel I want to go further in on
as well I don't want like overwhelming
just kind of like gallop into the
Oblivion but before we get to that I
just want to know your take here on the
the government shutdown that was done
because you brought your bought that you
it implied this approval of Congress so
I wanted to know like do you feel that
the government shutdown for the for the
national emergency of Border Protection
was the right it was the right thing to
do like it's worth doing I guess like
it's a good thing Trump say that
shutdown I felt like it shut down to
there in DC to try to have a
conversation with him and I'm actually
supposed to go next week we have put it
in another meeting request they
absolutely do not want to even hear the
other side of the conversation we
brought angel mom's to them and we're
bringing angel Hmong students again we
actually brought angel months Kamali
Harris's office and she called the
police these are people who literally
they're incredible they they come from
all political backgrounds some of them
are Democrat and you cannot choose whose
baby gets killed by an illegal immigrant
so for your don't just thought to be
open for an ar-15 it's all we're talking
about
like the government was shut down that
was to Trump's negotiating check because
he was thinking Oh babies are coming to
us right now you know he was thinking
that they were gonna be able to get
something done there was gonna be an
openness for conversation but they
absolutely refused to talk to him and he
went from a concrete barrier across the
entire United States just saying okay
it's not gonna go across the entire
United States it's going to go down just
some high traffic areas and it'll be
slatted still fencing and they still
wouldn't talk to them so it's like and
then he gave a three year extension of
docta I'm sorry
I where I have a problem I am totally
okay there's a baby
I am totally okay with the fact that
people have different opinions but when
you were elected to represent the people
I think you have a job to come to the
table and speak with the president that
was elected you know that's what I have
a problem I mean and he said he owns the
shutdown so but ask for me being in DC
trying to get meetings with these people
I'm like they're absolutely unwilling
they don't want to hear the other side
so that's frustrating for me as an
American to know that the
representatives in their offices are so
about winning it's all anti-trump it's
it's what we the only thing they have
the only thing they want to do is
destroy Trump and his agenda
it doesn't matter that Schumer voted for
a wall and they all voted on the 2006
fence Act which was for a fence you know
it they did they did all but give the
funding for it but they voted or a
physical barrier the Democrats but now
they're just unable to even talk about
it they should at least have a
conversation if they voted for it in the
past well okay so we can get to that
point in a second here but I think the
really important thing is okay so yeah
whether or not a fence was advocated
forward for Democrats or Republicans is
up to the day because you're right there
was there was a fence act in 2006 all
right like the the thing here is why if
this was such an urgent thing like a
national emergency then like shouldn't
that bother you that like Trump didn't
advocate immediately for the border wall
prior to the the midterms like this was
a national emergency
that he could have liked when he had
like full power when he had you know
House Congress was sent at all in
Republicans like prior to the midterms
why why didn't he like gopher trying to
get the wall passed at that time you
know 2016 onward through mid 2018 or
November 2018
um which could have avoided a government
shutdown which is exercised the nuclear
option which was right before he went we
know we switched I'm sorry and yeah
sorry we're like holding this phone
really weird know what he did he tried
to get that and I started about some of
those bright O's Congress but you know
they they passed it and to get it passed
in the Senate they were unable to do so
I don't know why that happened I'd I
mean I wish my Mitch McConnell had
exercised the nuclear option because
we'd be getting a barrier beginning the
barrier that Chuck Schumer voted on and
it's Pelosi voted on that so many have
them voted on we had it had the shutdown
but for whatever reason there's some
weak Republicans in Congress and they're
unable to do and send like Jeff Flake
which is bye-bye now thank God but I you
know I wish they would have stepped up
to the table then we would have diverted
to subject shutdown and I feel like when
we finally get a wall if you finally get
a wall it's not going to be it's a big
deal everybody's made it out to be it's
something that they've all voted on and
I mean we even have videos of Obama
saying there needs to be some sort of
barrier and we need to be tougher on
immigration and we've got 40 years
without changing our immigration policy
and something needs to be done about it
now it shouldn't be you mean it needs to
be bipartisan shouldn't be partisan this
is it affects all Americans like they
said I'm with these angel Mons all the
time they do not care
like they do not they they do not care
your politics they do not they don't
care if you're democrat or republican
they just don't want this tap into
anybody else children okay so that
that's one point but I think we have to
agree here that there are massive
consequences to the government shutdown
and the fact that with the inability of
for I guess for Trump to negotiate
properly to get the Democrats on his
side cuz I should be his position as the
leader the fact that he's able to like
do the government shutdown an effort
that
his way or to get the Republicans way or
to get whatever you want to you want to
coin it as with the wall doesn't it
bother you that that he would be able to
effectively if this tactic does work the
government shutdown to get what he needs
to get done that you can just hold the
government and federal workers under
hostage any given time he wants the way
the president has you mad at Obama when
he did that okay he closed the
government down for eleven days were you
yelling about that then the president's
right and this is what they do
to get what they want and nobody yelled
about it but it was a this is also the
double standard is something that drives
me nuts they should look at him as the
rightly elected president it is using
his negotiating power just as just as
Obama did just as Bush did just as
Reagan did they all have shut down the
government for extended periods of time
and Trump just I mean it all of a sudden
all the opinions come out on him real
quick power yes over real real quick
real quick just cuz I just to make sure
because I had to make sure that the the
record is mainly correct that government
shutdown that happened under Obama was
because Republicans were trying to
defund the Affordable Care Act that had
already passed Congress Shh well but it
was shut down because Republicans
wouldn't agree on funding for that
didn't include money for the affordable
care act well yeah well bamako got like
I think 11 or 12 million more people
insured which I think is fair okay well
that's not true irin argue with you all
day am really awesome you know I mean
I've been really nice and respectful but
I just we can talk in circles all day
all we're gonna do is talk in circles
like I
I mean gotcha we can I ask my question
wait I'm just curious do you believe in
vaccinations at least yes well oh god
okay well wait are you kids at least
vaccinated okay well I mean I like to
keep my kid alive but that's just me I
guess because of one friend like the day
after I guess or what I do when your
stomach paralyzes and they think it's
from that shot and then we started
researching and there's a lot of people
that experience that side effect my
system may be vaccinations aren't the
best for you but we vaccinate however I
I can maybe jump some time on that
Blagdon where I can question it but is
this that like more of a liberal life
right all right are you are you yeah
100%
yeah I think it's incredibly important
we agree on Sam there we go we got an
agreement okay if you can i I would it
would be really awesome if you continue
to advocate advocate for vaccinations
because even right now there is a
there's a measles outbreak Sneezles
outbreak going on in Washington state I
believe in here to Seattle area things
die from a child is special needs let's
not get into the pro-life talk because
you will lose okay all right well cool
listen yeah I guess we're not here to do
like hardcore political debate or
anything so yeah we appreciate your time
you guys came on and chatted with us so
it was super cool
do you want to we're capable yeah
working people find you or any of your
stuff
but if it's like you to come okay cool
the deplorable choir gotcha I'll make
sure that people know where to find you
right next time you guys come on please
sing us a song I'd love to I've heard
all your songs so far but I didn't know
you guys had more I would love to hear
which guys got in the works maybe the
opportunity okay thanks sir thanks for
coming on guys baby yo listen listen
okay I had I had [ __ ] typed up I was
ready to [ __ ] roll dude I
I should have typed for you but I could
tell like after the first response that
there was no real conversation there
gonna happen here I had so much [ __ ]
ready out dude okay listen this is my
y'all just for context er this is my
first time ever like I guess I don't
know interacting with the other spectrum
holy [ __ ] [ __ ] I was so triggered but
I I couldn't hide it I was trying my
best
I did I did pretend smiles the [ __ ] oh
my [ __ ] god dude well I didn't begin
do you only just like dumped all I have
like so many things on top right now
like I'm ready to dump I mean basically
we just listen to like a 30 minute like
Sean Hannity segment is essentially what
just happened there if you haven't
watched five scenes before this
basically we just have like the caravans
what like the like what in your
anti-immigration like what America was
founded on what you you you always like
Christian ik you're a Christian except
when the involves the government what
kind of oh yeah we believe that people
should be Christians yeah well one of my
favorite things is when you ask a
Republican when you point out like a
very clear hypocrisy between two stances
and they like die inside like the
question about like okay well if illegal
immigrants are so bad why do you defend
guns and it's like okay well we that's
not that's actually totally a different
kind of or like or if you think we need
more money for our children then you
must have been opposed to the tax cuts
that Trump did right
oh well that we don't actually believe
sexually totally
my god dude no listen listen I I was
reading I wasn't gonna call I wasn't
called advocacy for the wall stupid I
wasn't gonna call them stupid I was
gonna come at them and just like throw a
[ __ ] ton of facts about how stupid the
wall is an execution to get them walk on
hmm maybe the wall actually is dumb or
no no we are wave not even close to that
point yeah I know I realize like I'm
hitting I'm ready I'm ready to fire off
here and I'm like dude you know when I
died inside I thought I thought okay I
knew we were like in the too far-gone
category with them but then when
vaccinations wasn't even a direct yes I
was like you got kids
oh no no so here I had y'all I had ad
budget because there's no [ __ ] way in
hell you're gonna you're gonna build any
of that [ __ ] for uh for the advocated uh
five point six billion of which the
thing is like two point five is for like
a steel fence I got super downgraded
with the renegotiation at this point
uh-huh budget wouldn't even happen you'd
have to like construct roadways they Lao
like big truck it would be an ongoing
like maintenance project yeah you you
know it goes so much further than that
by the way no I you have to we've got
the build roads or some some kind of
like path road for these big trouble
equipments to come in and like able to
construct the the steel fencing question
or the art of steel steel barrier at the
time but now it's being done great too
offense and that's a little bit
available if that actually be needed or
not you there are there are many
components I even just like natural
barriers of like you know rivers and
mountains all along the border but it's
also like private property owned by
American so you have to like literally
employ eminent domain to even acquire oh
yeah that's a big deal yeah you would
have to eminent domain a lot of that
property to build up yeah yeah yeah you
you would literally bow be helped in
court because you have to then have like
a approximation values
dictated in court with a private with
private citizens X the government and
that would be held up in court for who
[ __ ] knows how long in the first place
not only mention it would be ineffective
anyway because like oh you're gonna
you're gonna build a 30-foot tall fence
whoopty [ __ ] dude we're gonna have
like drones carrying people in [ __ ]
15 years anyway so like and knots and
tunnels and all the problems are coming
from port of entry regardless like we
have immigration on a decline in the
first place like oh every statistical
measure of this being effective is not
effective it's a tremendous time it's
incredibly stupid
it's a giant [ __ ] state like over the
past Agnes
three or four years like 66% of illegals
that are here anyway our visa overstays
like none oh yeah it's all like so
stupid yeah yeah yeah I was ready to
fire off so hard on that but I don't
even know like they they already get
they got tricking a piste out and then
it comes to the second amendment thing I
had like you know okay you're in the
south cool let's talk about the gun show
loopholes cuz they're there they're up
there [ __ ] terrible you skip it
background check if you go to a gun show
they happen all the [ __ ] time that's
a very big problem
you brought parkland shooting that guy
acquired a gun legally that should
[ __ ] bother you because we need
better certifications firfer gun
ownership like driving like a license if
you can drive a [ __ ] two-ton death
via death machine on wheels why the [ __ ]
do I need less regulation to operate on
the [ __ ] gun that should that should
that should trouble you and freak you
out a little bit here
I'm saving for the for the Vegas mass
shooting that guy caught the gun legally
as well with a bad gun lots of guns
he had a [ __ ] Armor after ash and an
ammunition cab there's like there are a
lot of areas where there's like no cap
on how many ammunition you can buy you
can swap to a gun store legally and buy
what would be dub like a very scary high
amount of ammunition and just go on your
own amateur killing spree if you if you
if you were to choose to any given time
sure which is crazy that should freak
you out but obviously know what they're
advocating for is like a no ban guns
when it's like yeah I know realistically
we can't ban guns already too much of a
[ __ ] gun saturation in USA due to the
rampant in our rate corruption going on
the lobbying what we will work what the
application for here is common-sense gun
regulation and to be able to just kind
of slow down the rampant amount of gun
crime proportional to our capita and the
USA like I'll go I'm ready to fire off
here well it yeah it was not that oh my
god I'm sorry god I got so [ __ ]
triggered hole how do you keep it in -
[ __ ] I don't know I just ah I started to
visualize my mom I mean a [ __ ] blonde
right now god damn okay hey do you wanna
we can close on that we can close on on
that one twitch clip actually that was
actually really interesting we could
talk about that a little bit do you know
talking about the which one that one
yeah mine my flute you mean yeah you're
my good one yeah the one that's gonna
win today alright by the way we're gonna
have a vote on whose clip is the best
you're saying here oh [ __ ] we could
actually like actually
operate that into the show that would
actually be really cute that's actually
a really good idea well 100% do that all
right
I'll remember that in the future okay I
definitely remember that cool okay yeah
I'm sorry
Oh for future conversations I think what
I honest to god I didn't expect this to
happen I didn't think they would
actually come on we should have had that
we probably should have told him again
advance like this is what we're going to
talk about so they can be like a little
bit more ready like whether your movie
sucks guy that guy he was like yeah well
understood what was going on or what was
gonna happen coming in and like with
these girls we probably should've
communicated better yeah but to be fair
yeah I agree
I have to also like go with destiny here
I did not I did not think they were
coming on even this morning when I woke
up I didn't really it was good when
they'd called like I think it was like
when we were getting the show prep when
they called and their camera it was like
holy [ __ ] but um yeah okay before we say
book we just talked about like I just
gotta know here like how do you how does
this much misinformation white like I
was the caravans the the Christianity
wind convenient they end up living like
in an alternate reality yeah how do you
how do you even would even do like is
debated even worth while like I feel
like it sure like they they they they
rage quit early on us but like what do
you what do you what does you eat what
do you even do like that's tonight
you're you're a pro debater you're a pro
whatever when they're that do you dub
that are they like TFG if they are they
too far gone or is it like or is there
any saving or is there any like bridging
them to like what is actually reality I
mean you probably could but I usually
cover that [ __ ] I mean there are ways to
persuade people that it's usually not
what I do i if somebody like this comes
on I usually just start running down
facts or making fun of him I guess but
that's not a good way to convince
somebody to agree with you oh man
okay yeah that that was I don't know my
faith he-man is kind of like playing a
little bit I've never actually
interacted with anyone like that before
so I was I just couldn't you know I'm
sorry I desings been on this for like
you know like 3 plus years now I am I am
new to that I'm just holy [ __ ]
yeah he's all I got for you there yeah I
tried appealing a little to the emotions
and religion thing but man they just
shard that [ __ ] off [ __ ] quicker
Christians will dump the religion so
[ __ ] fast it's very interesting that
um I there's I know that this is some
broader pool
theory maybe it's even marks that this
appeals do it have you did you read the
1984 book or whatever I know of it
before you know about it basically in
this story the main character I think
Winston he crawls into some house with
some woman that he loves and they
discover this book that has it's like
wokes them on everything on society it
gives them the ultimate like woke
information on society and so some of
that book talks about the idea that as
time goes on you have like these
perpetual Wars you basically have like
an upper-class and elite that it's
pretty much it's it's comfy and chills
and then you have like the middle class
in the lower class but are constantly
pit against one another and that as time
goes on the middle class and the lower
class will cycle through and out like
one another but the elites pretty much
always remain untouched and it's this
idea that like there are so many
problems that could be fixed like pretty
easily by elite people but somehow the
the middle class and the lower class are
always left pointing their fingers at
each other we kind of like making their
own problems or like blaming each other
for the problems so like this idea that
um this idea that like you're talking
like like if you can complain about not
having money in your community for your
poor children and you're pointing the
finger at like poor immigrants coming
across the border and then like on the
other end then in the next breath
supporting tax cuts for people that are
like making billions of dollars
it just seems really [ __ ] weird to me
and it remark ins back to that we're
like you've got these people that are
literal billionaires like billions of
dollars and unfathomable one of money a
billion dollars and unfathomable and
money to me and they're just kind of
like sitting back and watching like all
these poor people like shouting at each
other over like who's [ __ ] who the
heart is that it's so stupid to me you
know no it is and I can summarize this
in a really easy sentence of where we
are now if the whole like class warfare
the people who make $600 an hour
convince the people that make $25 an
hour that the people that make 725 an
hour or the problem that's then that's
like a really simple way to put it yeah
I almost agree to accept was the first
time we gave 600 and are yeah I think
super early the really that's that I
think that's way way way too low hold on
what is the yeah it probably is honestly
yeah yeah [ __ ] if you're it's gotta be
wailed on I'm trying okay so Jeff Bezos
for instance I'm really glad you brought
this up because it shows how unfair
well this amount of money is Jeff besos
makes about four million dollars an hour
is Wow
yeah that's know you're right and we
were I was actually talking about this
um last night um if you want to don't
mind me doing a brief derail here the
whole you're seeing now more and more
people speaking out who get triggered by
Alexandra Ocasio Cortez is like a
marginal proposed marginal tax rate of
70% but anyway what marginal tax are
there but yeah yeah yeah that people get
Ricky we can make sure goodbye that the
thing is just a flat seventy percent of
its actually you only get taxed at
seventy percent for your money you make
past ten million so you're ten million
in one onward dollars or tax at the
Marshall house right but anyways though
the um we're talking about that last
night whenever a Hasaan rated me and I
think about this is to give an idea of
how absurdly rich how absurdly rich you
know a billion dollars actually is
recently the the owner of the Redskins
for the Redskins that's a NFL team
writers that a baseball team I forget
the Redskins that sounds like a baseball
team well the owner of that team
obviously you know that first year
Redskins awfully is a super racist name
goddamnit wait I think it's an NFL team
[ __ ] I never watch I only to college
football sorry I'm sorry cue sports ball
means I was wrong okay go ahead
well first of all first that name is
terrible obviously you might as well
means you have Mississippi Coons be a
[ __ ] team name you're gonna have the
Redskins modern I think Chris Rock is
going this or like the New York that
yeah holy [ __ ] [ __ ]
oh yeah well anyways though the the
owner of that team recently had
commissioned to have a one hundred
million dollar yacht built huh it's a
super yacht this yacht contains Manya
I'm giving you a cherry pick terrible
example I'm being transparent here it is
cherry picked but just to give you an
idea of how how much money this money
really gets to the elites
those 100 million dollar super yacht
that has 7 extended private VIP suites a
bowling alley I believe a tennis court
and an
imax theater built into it a certified
IMAX theater which is ridiculous because
the IMAX theater has to be completely
soundproof so in the entirety of the
yacht's boat engine and any noise it
makes has to be completely isolate from
the IMAX theater so this custom
commissioned yacht had to be had to have
the IMAX theater built first and
everything built around it for it to
function to IMAX certification one
hundred million dollars for this for a
little for a little play toy now to give
you an idea like this is where I want to
bring into the context here because a
hundred million sounds like not a lot
but when you think about the fact that
like very likely the house that any
given like music celebrity um you know
Drake or Britney Spears would live in an
LA probably cost I would say at most 25
million dollars and here you have you
know a thing that cost four times the
amount of the lab would call the highest
price point for a mansion for a music
celebrity in Los Angeles
as a side plate or thing that's absurd
amounts of wealth like that's what
you're that's where in some in some
shipping examples your money goes when
you don't have a marginal tax rate so I
was kind of curious I was gonna maybe
call you out if your numbers wrong and I
looked up Drake's [ __ ] mansion
[ __ ] house where there are like
blueprints and everything posted holy
[ __ ] this thing is [ __ ] huge
and this mansion cost 8 million dollars
guess I'm saying I highball the 25
million I I knew babe I know the facts
come on now yeah that's absurd right
that's crazy
like damn one hundred million dollars oh
yeah and also please oh my god please
don't insult me here okay let me for the
chat okay obviously basis does not make
all of his money in liquid w-2 [ __ ]
income most of his gains today are
probably through stock appreciation and
an asset in Amazon stock okay obviously
he's not getting paid like a paycheck
that says oh you've gotten paid you know
100 million dollars clearly okay [ __ ]
yeah that distinction
yeah and that distinction is not
important here okay nobody no
billionaire has ever thought like ah
[ __ ] like 90 percent my net worth is in
[ __ ] securities I don't know oh god
I'm so [ __ ] like you got to go to
McDonald's again I get like [ __ ] off
okay get the [ __ ] out of here yeah I
think that went without saying but you
know feel free to call the idea to do
who say that yeah I wanted yeah yeah the
wealth is absurd you knew not you're not
wrong there it's actually crazy
yeah so that was an hour and just to be
clear now that that's necessarily wrong
but it's just like there are there's
like a million different comics of like
one guy slicing off like an itty-bitty
piece of a pie and then throwing it to
two people who will relentlessly fight
to the death over it while he eats like
the entire [ __ ] pie and how they hate
each other like there's so many comics
ago and yeah it's just it's so bizarre
to me to see poor people fight other
poor people and then celebrate [ __ ]
over other poor people and then turn
around and vote like tax cuts for these
people that are so unimaginably [ __ ]
wealthy you know mm-hmm yeah yeah but
we'll uh well flop on that when you
actually would love to cover the
bitching about the whole um the Michael
Dell incident recently at the world
economy comrades Michael Dell know what
happened so the seat the CEO of Dell
upping his name Michael might be wrong
on that but the CEO of Dell Dell
computers uh I believe his name is
Michael Dell it's it's a peek mean one
of the the coordinator at the at the
event is interviewing violator it's like
it's a bunch of really rich people who
artist events are all there to like come
together and talk about how like we need
to like modernize it's a it's a it's a
yearly annual summit to like bring in
influencers and business entrepreneurs
who are typically very wealthy very
powerful to talk about what we can do to
progress the markets to a better and
brighter tomorrow you know and they're
all coming in lens like um yeah we need
to like go green and do [ __ ] while they
all fly out there like fifty private
jets they're just like you know doing
worse damage to the ecosystem but
anyways though she she asked um she
asked Dell how do you feel about
Alexandra Ocasio courts as a seven
percent marginal rate at which point he
says that it's it's a I don't agree with
it because I don't agree with it because
I have had me and my wife been running a
charity
you know philanthropy for for twenty
years now because we're middle wealthy
and I feel better about about being able
to do things do that then giving money
to the government you win trust the
government right and also what country
has seven percent of management tax rate
worked wait never before you do this I
post a link in chat can we just watch
the video somebody like this apparently
yeah there's apparently what you were
French I haven't seen this before so
peak memes go for boom okay I like it in
chat look at you look at the squirrel
quick so I can't
like off the screen cause it'll [ __ ]
everything up sorry but I like that on
my dgg Chad do sit all right there you
go I got you
alright cool okay wait Kimmy's give me
count yep okay three two two one
won't go yeah these inequalities that
particularly the wage inequality with
more taxes in particular in the United
States there's been a call by
congresswoman Ocasio Cortes to tax
people earning over ten million at a
seventy percent tax rate the current top
rate the United States is thirty seven
percent
Michael Dell do you support this I just
want to say I'm thrilled the dirt Wow I
mean you know my wife and I set up a
foundation about twenty years ago and we
would have contributed quite a bit more
than a seventy percent tax rate on my
income on my annual income and I feel
much more comfortable with our ability
as a private foundation to allocate
those funds than I do giving them to the
government all right I'm not supportive
of that and I don't think it would help
the growth of the US economy and can you
say a little bit more about why why you
don't think it would name a country
where that's worked ever United States
briefly in the eighties from about the
1930s through about the 1960s the tax
rate averaged about 70 percent oh no I'm
so he's up as high as 95 percent and
those were actually pretty good year -
for growth wait who is this guy I don't
have a strong opinion on that proposal a
lot but the devil is in the details but
I think it's uh there's actually a lot
of economics that suggest that it's not
necessarily going to hurt growth and MIT
but if we have to examine it more
closely there are people Joe Stiglitz
and others who have looked at that and
argued that the optimal tax rate
actually is on very high incomes closer
to that level
damn bro real quick and then real quick
I'm sorry I get so triggered by people
in chat they're trendy these really dumb
gotchas so someone in chess going
destiny the effective tax rate wasn't
that much higher during that time it's
misleading okay if you set a 70 percent
marginal tax rate that doesn't mean that
the effective tax rate is gonna come
some people sent either just because you
said at 70 percent marginal rate means
that our effective tax rates are gonna
be much lower I don't understand why you
keep spamming this in chat like when you
talk about the difference being a
marginal tax rate and effective tax rate
is that like the posted rate for
something [ __ ] without going too deep
into it basically you don't actually pay
the posted race you've got a number of
exemptions we've got a progressive tax
system where the marginal tax payers
only apply to the next dollar earn so
for instance if you're at a 70 percent
bracket it's not seventy percent across
all of your income only they had come in
that bracket etcetera etcetera etc so 70
percent tax bracket doesn't mean that
every single dime you earn is gonna be
taxed too many resent any better [ __ ]
kind of exemptions on other ways to
excuse your money or makes it not not
tax detected yeah it's a stupid it's
like a [ __ ] baby brain point okay
sorry go ahead
yeah no yeah it was a frustrated MIT
[ __ ] destroys here also the moderator
was bad cuz she didn't even she even
know like she couldn't even bring up
what the rate was in the 50s when you uh
when you had [ __ ] all the economic
populist expansions going on at that
time yeah it's just it yeah just you
know here's the computers here CEO of
Dell completely out of touch asking
where the [ __ ] is the Mars factory ever
worked before not even aware of just the
basic economy history and holy [ __ ] that
that gives you a night this gives you a
tangible segment of how out of touch
these billionaires are or that are at
some of the meta rich could be at times
sure maybe um which also could play into
the there some more they can you can
dive into on this thing with the the ex
CEO of Starbucks who's currently
announced like leave yesterday he's
running as an independent for a
president oh god no he didn't actually I
said did he I don't think he did isn't
he still considering it um
I sold income he earnest well I'm pretty
confident he he announced that he's
going independent oh you're asking is he
running for president I'm asking he's
actually running it yet he's actually
running he already had a panel on
everything he made a Twitter he
announced like go to his Twitter check
out his tweet do his the replies were
all [ __ ] on him dude these he's
openly get this right he's openly saying
that I'm running as a centrist
okay dude its its peak memes man you go
go in there it's a it's a complete [ __ ]
show but yeah yeah out of out of touch
Austin he he's not a fan of Medicare for
all so yeah used he's like yeah we can't
afford that I'm like alright well you're
you're irrelevant now she's um but yeah
yeah I thought I thought you'd find that
a fun a pretty funny um I forgot was
wasn't ago this actually but yeah that
was a we could hit up this last one if
you want okay okay so alright y'all
coming up next now is the fourth clip of
our clip review podcast now and this is
my clip so you get the vote if mines the
best here I pick this one it's um
this this happened not this is a little
bit although we're supposed to go by
only a week but this is two weeks ago
yeah but I'm go ahead and let her roll
and then we'll talk about it further on
give me a count whenever you ready okay
alright I'm starting in three two one go
you know what happened shot you won't
know what happened they came out the
first division okay
and then it was popular and then it
started dying out a little bit just like
any game would and they started
listening to the stupid [ __ ] reddit
threads about these [ __ ] cry-baby
it's better just like well I just don't
like going into the dark zone because
you know all these guys really good loot
that's why there's different sections of
the [ __ ] okay mostly ones with noobs
hang out and then mostly ones were the
[ __ ] duck the top guys hang out okay
the top guys realm down there and [ __ ]
on your throat well sucks to be you bro
you got a gear up you know I mean it's a
[ __ ] RPG Jesus man stop catering to
these people there's a reason our game
state is in the state that it's in now
it's for it's because of that you're
casuals don't know what your game needs
okay
the casuals are not the answer stop
catering to that Oh
ooh also before we end today you have to
finish that black/white girlfriend thing
over this is this DT podcast over time
I'm about to doing about it okay don't
worry we still have a we still have a
good five point five minutes left so we
got let's not we can run a little over
till we need to okay hit us up with a
what's your take on this clip go for it
woo man so so you see here that
someone's [ __ ] on tom clancy's of
the vision to which you know what was
popping in directory but has plummeted
since then the general feedback being
that it's a game that kind of like
exploded on itself because developers
catered to the lowest common denominator
of casual player rather than looking to
those who are the most enthusiastic of
the product who are the top players and
asking them what what they think are key
to what they need so because like what
some of the scribes here is like noobs
running into the dark zone not prepared
not adequately geared and getting
absolutely deep throated left and right
and then real quick just to be clear you
talk about the division one I don't
think the division 2 is out yet but I'm
sorry I'm sorry idea the division 2 I'm
sorry I'm going division 1 yeah uh-huh
yeah yeah so yeah sorry was alone this
now but yeah yeah he's like he's just
annoyed because of like you know you're
there's like a the general philosophy
mean that we're gonna cater to the
casual player first and that is
ultimately at the demise of those who
are the who have a higher skill and just
kind of like peace out know you if
you're killing your most enthusiastic
base of player tries to try to expand
your pie at all cost
you can eventually just like compromise
the integrity of your product that would
say ok that's the general this is
general like you know cause and effect
I'm seeing from this right now try and
it's I think it's a thing of something
worth talking about because I feel like
uh I feel like while I'm not super savvy
that a lot of modern games do you deal
this problem even to an extent
fortnight's comb this problem I remember
hearing a lot of players who are
complaining that there's like an effort
to keep the the viral amount of player
base and for tonight right now you know
epic continue just like unload a [ __ ]
ton of [ __ ] every other week I believe
there's always like a new item or
something else going on and that the
meta for fortnight is changing so
rapidly because of all the the
saturation of new ideas being thrown at
the wall literally uh-huh that it makes
it frustrating to like want to play for
tonight with any kind of competitive
sense or maybe it's being deliberately
anti-competitive so that it remains like
a casual fun affair sure a party game
that that's the thing I've heard and at
the worst a fortnight and I'm going
here how do you feel about how do you
feel about that do you feel that this is
a valid criticism of some other modern
games or you think it's a little
overblown out something that um so this
is very interesting to me because I'm
gonna draw this back into I'm gonna draw
this back to the wonderful realm of
philosophy a lot of the times when we
use words like success or advanced we're
actually presupposing so many different
values that we don't realize here's a
really good example of this if you were
to ask anybody has our civilization
advanced in the past you know 100 years
everybody would remember I never sent
people say yes right but when we use the
word advanced but that's that's actually
such a loaded word like usually we're
talking about like our advancements in
technology and our understanding of the
world like you know and in regards to
those things with respect to the
listings we have advanced but with
respect to things like interpersonal
relationships you know overall happiness
of people in first world countries you
know some of these questions you could
get lost in the weeds it's much more
debate of like how we actually advanced
in the past few years like are people
better at making and keeping friends
today than they were 200 years ago are
people healthier today than they were
200 years ago you know it's much harder
to ask so two different people can ask
the question have we advanced in the
past hundred years and both of them can
have very different answers because
advancement refers to something that two
people disagree on and I think that's I
think that's like a central point of
confusion for a lot of people and we
argue about you know like well is this
is this successful is it not successful
is like well with regards to what and
when you look at video games we're
seeing this come up more and more and
more today I would argue that in the
past video games were a much less
commercial project so in my opinion when
something becomes commercial success
means more money when it's not
commercial usually your success is kind
of tied around other things maybe the
number of people get playing at your
game the interest that you stir up in it
your ability to remain true to some core
idea the ability to deliver some
experience that you've handcrafted for
players you know something like the
Diablo 2 experience is something that is
arguably unmatched by any hack-and-slash
the you know all these different things
are these are how people measure success
and today in the world I think we're in
this kind of like weird area where
people like summit you know to summit
success is I want something that you
know matches some internal core cool
idea of a game that's like really
punishing
as a high skill ceiling etc etc but when
large companies you know our area in the
business of owning companies that make
games their idea of success is just a
fuckton of money and appealing to
casuals is always going to be more
successful than trying to remain true to
some hardcore player base so it's a very
awkward situation to be in under I would
blame capitalism I guess if profit is
like the driving motive there but like
when you have a large company that owns
a game pretty much unless the company's
a charity you're always going to be
pushing like the Maxima for profit
action that's just what you're gonna do
and that's the way that these tend to
measure their success with rare
exception that's generally how it goes
sorry no no you're right you're right in
the bottom miles really its profit and
that's kind of where I guess you're
you're not wrong and maybe it's means
I'm it's not really a fan of like where
capitalism goes into gaming and I'm not
either so I agree with you 100%
I'm not a big fan of it I don't like
because we can I can agree the a theory
yeah bottom line profit yeah you know
you're gonna do all these things here
but that also makes me one just like
further bring up my discuss left your
play industry with gaming right now
because you have like all these all
these big platform game things that are
laced loaded in loot boxes and any other
means of effectively simulated gambling
for vulnerable people psychologically
huh microtransaction out the wazoo you
know [ __ ] it
you know ship it now day one patch [ __ ]
it chop off that campaign let's what's
markedness dlc and stella fur and give
them 10% of the game for a quarter of
the price on day one on disc DLC like
all these things are just further
nickel-and-diming further and further
and further to where you have now it's
like some games are just like
practically like unusable without buying
I would guess I don't know the season
pass which is effectively you know you
throwing money into the void hoping that
uh sorry a pre-order of season pass
where you're throwing money into the
poll and hoping that the comments gonna
be there or be good it's just there's a
lot of that that makes me get like super
[ __ ] trigger and I don't like the
direction that like the the the highest
points of triple-a gaming are going in
general huh
but you're not wrong though ultimately
is about success and I do have to wonder
here to a certain extent in into
advocacy for pure profit at what point
are you shooting for short-term profit
over longevity always short
yeah one of the worst aspects where
that's where I would I would counter
that point be like well I mean you get
you can pull this [ __ ] if you want
on your first try but people gonna
remember that name I move now tainted
that developer or this publisher and now
I know better whenever I'm yeah I make
money again to X company because of yeah
and real quick just to address someone a
chat but summits argument is that
catering to those casuals is why the
game fails the thing is is that you
think that fail there means something
but it doesn't because fail to summit
what fails to you as a gamer is
oftentimes massively successful to a
company like you might see a game that
you know dies in two weeks but that game
you know might have turned you know
massive [ __ ] profit so like you look
at is like oh my god that company's so
stupid like their game failed miserably
every Call of Duty's the same it's so
[ __ ] like lol like you know like it's so
dumb but they're seeing well hey you
know we [ __ ] out a product and we made
you know how two million dollars like
it's really successful even if nobody
plays it in two weeks
yeah it's okay fact check their call of
duty they shoot for 500 million on
opening weekend oh I actually totally
made that number of I'd no idea so yeah
so there you go yeah like yeah people um
people will say [ __ ] like yeah that game
puts a failure and then the companies
are like oh okay I mean we thought it
was a massive success we're gonna [ __ ]
ton of money off of it so yeah well well
you're not wrong well you're not wrong
in that the it's important to remember
you know summit is the okay so is the
top you know 0.01 pride is 0.001 percent
of gaming in terms of just like you know
like skill when it comes to shooters or
anything like that and that in reality
here there's a there's a very big solid
majority that that do that do play games
that don't there but they're not not on
forum so now I'm doing the feedback
they're only really feedback is with
their wallet you know they just walked
into a game stop by game go home play it
and then whatever until whatever until
whenever that's really about it so I
guess I guess you are right there though
you know they're the all the opinion to
see online are already like people who
are more passionate than what I would
dub the majority of gamers who who are
who are not engaged that's that degree
no okay um do you want to wrap us up
with the
you want to wrap a sample the wipe yeah
that white okay so all right so I've
covered like how me my girlfriend Jess
met why I had problems with um or why I
why things didn't really work out with
in general the the southern women I
encountered I'm not saying that all
women in the South are anti gamer or not
gamer or not my personality you know the
ones you got back here again 2005 I was
in a small rural town so it was like it
wasn't really much going on there you
really weren't gonna get very far
talking about video games or playing
yukia or being a Dragon Ball Z or anime
or if any of your passions were things I
was into that into in general you know
it you weren't getting very far with
like a common a common interest to like
engage in an organic conversation it was
all calculated ad to like pretend to be
some when I wasn't in carry my things I
didn't care about nor to like fit in and
kind of like having in with talking with
any any girls that time uh-huh well
anyways though moving past that the have
I ever got anything for dating a white
girl I have never no I have never had
any opposition or any any instance of
like yo you're betraying your race bro
he you're a brother why want there are
so many sisters out here right now
looking for a brother to be with again
brother a sister a you know make a you
know black no I'm just making sure
clarifying that you know this is out
here right now and you sitting out here
you know hidden hidden the white devil
what you what you doing I know I've
never I have never had anyone like that
and that's probably because I'm also my
circles are all you know they're all
gamers you know I'm at twitchcon I'm at
paksas I'm at I'm at all these like
streamer x-gamer conventions where I
would say yeah it's very international
tea cultural and because we all unite as
gamers as like cliché as that sounds no
I've never had anything like that
the thought has occurred back in my mind
though if because they know that that on
its own digging a white girl and being
analyst relationship would be is one
component that could be attacked by me
by some people under a certain
circumstance huh however being the face
of trihard puts me on a pedestal that
makes that even more like catapulted to
be escalated further if needed and by
that I mean because I'm the face of try
hard and try hard is you know debatably
the most controversial
global emote on twitch it effectively
means that you know that my emote is the
most banned emote because my iman
enables the most racist racist terms in
rhetoric you see for it to be abused
online however it the intention of the
emote is not to be racist actually
nothing implica racist about trihard
which makes it all that more question
relation you should focus on the
accountability of the individual user
and not the emote itself for all should
have to have like 24/7 live 1984 Big
Brother speech speech protocols going on
all day in order to realistically
enforce Iran to never get abused but
because of the emo being controversial
and it being the face of face of like
racist things that effectively catapults
means being the the dictator of all
things black people people look at me
and say that oh you're you know what
however you feel about trihard is how
all black people on Twitch feel about
trihard and whatever things you advocate
for as far as trihard goes is
automatically gonna be the opinion of a
[ __ ] on the people which are both
obviously not true um but that's what I
live with anyway and I feel like people
look at me or some people do look at me
in that regard because they're like okay
well look at this black successful
streamer on Twitch and at which point
perhaps they feel some people may feel a
little bit betrayed because I'm a bad
sissel streamer and I they may get some
some polarizing mirror images that you
kind of brought early hear about black
entertainers who you know do the the
house Negro Act if you want to call it
that or now now that I'm successful you
know when I was rags to riches I wasn't
you know I wasn't dating white girls but
now now that I'm up here as a known
broadcast or stream or entertainer or
whatever I'm out here the white girl
what's up you know like and I could
because so saying that with some kind of
like economic lasting or whatever which
I'm not doing by the way but you could
read into that's that but no I have
never had anyone come at me before now
here's the plot twist oh I've never got
anything like that if you asked my
girlfriend Jess venom you asked her has
she ever gotten stood for for dating a
black guy the answer is yes
enter DMS when we first got together and
I
and her DMS man what the [ __ ] you doin
that boy right there what girl what you
doing dating that race man she has shown
me the DMS people are [ __ ] racist
dude it's crazy
she gets all the [ __ ] I've got nothing
all these betas all these literal betas
don't say a [ __ ] thing to me I wish
they [ __ ] whatever do anything at a
at any convention ever they say nothing
no one I've never had one keyboard ward
come at me and be like a bruh like
nothing dude
at all yeah this to be not the drives me
I get in figured even thinking about it
and her DMS dude she should turn them
off at one point she had open teams and
then she turns me off because it's like
yeah there's creepers there are stalkers
there's racist people there's that
they're mad because I mean they're mad
cuz she's dating me they're mad because
I'm black they're mad because they can't
get with her bit and she's with me
instead I don't know what everything
want to read into it here but that's the
part I'm like we have a long way to go
as a society because uh uh I'm sorry I
get emotional think about it right now
but yeah that's a that's the entire
story for you there yeah okay damn well
thanks for the recap yeah hopefully it
gets better although that's probably not
gonna be for a long time but yeah not
not only I mean the demons are bad her
hurt which whispers are also bad too
it's just honestly just being a girl
online is like pretty there's a lot of
very insanely disgusting [ __ ] [ __ ]
it's pretty unfathomable even for like
small girls tears like a hundred turn of
beer is it's like insane the types of
[ __ ] they're the worst do their I feel
that the most vulnerable because they
have there are the ones that probably at
them I would say probably not the most
predators but probably the most scummy
predators because that's they want they
want impure and you can exercise like
the most leverage over them too like a
hundred dollar donation to them goes a
lot farther than like a hundred dollars
- amaranth or some [ __ ] you know eggs
exactly that yeah you also want him pure
like a it's creepy because I have a I
have a lot of data now from seeing
observing my own girlfriend and when she
shows me the things she gets that
they're like they they effectively do
what I would call like one-sided
roleplay we're like they just like
whisper her like I've seen these before
creepy man it's terrible they're they're
loose they're hog and just like talking
about yeah do
yeah lick your lips yeah yeah no we
don't flip your hair yeah yeah yeah I
want you to do that it's like oh dude oh
dude like just go [ __ ] pornhub dude
get go get an outlet you're pathetic
dude holy [ __ ] so um yeah holy yeah yeah
yeah okay why we are we get our two hour
limit we didn't get any Rhetta crisis
this time but we'll definitely get them
next time sorry oh I thought I feel free
to let us know if the UH do y'all think
that the [ __ ] them we don't care about
your feedback yet because this episode
show with the Diploma choir but next
time I've hunted degrees 500 we'll be
back next time though for episode 12 I'm
destiny obviously you can find on my
shadow destiny on gg all my Instagram
it's just Instagram become such destiny
and then I might promote my friends
Twitter stream but not yet and then
trihex my wonderful co-host where can I
find you and your stuff fam my twitter
is flames you you would always talk
about today as far as a Michael Dell and
a billionaire like out out of out of
touch [ __ ] all my Twitter I retweet all
the hottest [ __ ] my Twitter trucks truck
twitter.com star strikes my shit's hot
follow that Instagram I'm posting more
[ __ ] this week I'm trying to get a
testing get the one I G so it's the gram
slash trihex follow that I'm gonna be
live here shortly on twitch.tv slash
trihex where I could I will continue to
be triggered about about deplorable
choir and low information everything
voter people citizens and hypocritical
Christians my favorite thing to get
triggered over so I will see you guys
there all time much love and I will see
y'all next week yeah and then two quick
things here's like a Twitter for the
show it'd be nice if this had followers
just so that mr. moon can message people
from the actual show Twitter cuz it
looks a little bit better just like as I
as I call out a reminder when we bring
people on to the show don't [ __ ] run
to like Twitter or some [ __ ] to harass
them afterwards it makes us look really
[ __ ] bad and it makes the entire
community to look really [ __ ] bad and
it probably thinks so nobody ever wants
to come on and do these shows when you
get like super hateful on her ass the
[ __ ] got to people afterwards just some
things to keep in mind okay be nice
people alright and that's all I got for
you we will be here next week
thanks for joining us guys I'll catch
you later please
