hey you never count down to one because
I'm under the mites and everything yeah
I say three you should be able to do one
second in your head shenanigans would we
do one and then he does it okay well I
have to unmute two things and then
switch it okay I'll try
there and now there's like two seconds
of downtime after I said okay we were
ready hey guys we're gonna notice the
catacombs episode 17 I am joined by my
lovely cast here today Devyn - Lilly
Pichu
mr. moisture and Koivu how are you guys
all doing on this wonderful day start
with that equipo I am doing well I also
was on a trip recently although not
nearly as far as you've gone so I'm
still pretty tired and wiped from it
what are you doing Northern California
and some friends that were getting
married in this small backwater town
called Gray Eagle it's pretty sweet
wedding but it was a lot of celebrating
and a lot of traveling a lot of dancing
Steven what's up Lilly
my name's I mixed mine and oh my god why
do you do this to me I didn't do
anything it's just mixed mix okay
Devyn turn off your camera Deven how how
was your week uh very well sir I've been
taking a lot of improv classes nice yes
and I'm really excited about that that's
awesome yeah it's been going really good
I've been looking how to build
characters and how to to do work on that
I'm doing a lot of work in nerd fusion
we got a expansion project we're doing
for the for the company and I've been
working on my youtube a lot trying to
take after my my friend Steven in his
commentary videos a little bit but I'm
doing a lot of like twitch gaming meta
stuff that's really interesting to me
following some of the mecha latest like
developments and like twitch analytics
and stuff so I've been working on my
youtube and I'm waking up at 6:00 in the
morning tomorrow for the Pinterest IPO
and then I'm gonna be on the stream at
8:00 so I'm super excited to be here at
at 10 o'clock it sounds exciting
yeah what about you mr. Moore what have
you been up to
it's 1:00 a.m. here and I wake up better
every morning at 8:00 a.m. so there you
go you have class per morning yep Wow
well I'm not gonna go to classroom so
why not
you [ __ ] around too long I'm sorry
next time I'll ask the pilot to fly a
little faster how you doing Lily
you could have scheduled a dirty house
twitchcon it was a lot of fun I saw a
lot of cool people
son do you hang out with your friends
yeah I should yeah socialized a ton felt
good happy to hear that yeah you should
have been there what was the craziest
thing that happened to you um I don't
know of anything like crazy happened
well the most fun thing that happened to
you on the event itself was like very
strange and that like I don't know if
you it's kind of hard to explain but
like if you go to like normal twitchcon
the twitch viewer base is very segmented
there's like League fans fortnight fans
and then like I don't know what I'm in
like IRL people fans like train wrecks
as Fantasma gold all those and there's
like huge swathes of twitch that I don't
think even know that me or like Greek
god X even exists and then no yeah and
then I don't even know that exists like
when I go to like a normal twitchcon
like I might like twitchcon na like it's
pretty rare that something like stops me
and says hi unless I'm like in a
specific area for me so it's like okay I
guess which is which is fine I know
twitch is huge and it's like pretty
segmented off but at UM at at twitchcon
tu it was like it was like the whole
community there was like all the people
that had known like s fan and me and
train wrecks and like that whole
community actually see like all those
people so it was like anywhere you
walked you'd get stopped by like lines
of people which was like it was just a
really weird experience was really
awesome I felt like a mini celebrity
aren't you also substantially like more
famous relative to like last year at
twitchcon
ROM I would say substantially more I
mean I sure I am a little but I talked
to a bunch of the other streamers as
well and they all kind of felt the same
way like it seemed like the audience or
at least the people that twitchcon were
a lot less centered around like games
and whatnot but yeah I of course
Lily why are you I'm okay I'm gonna come
to LA very soon to visit y'all and we're
gonna go for about two weeks for you
three I think okay cool alright so
taking the whole nerd fusion cast down
there sounds awesome okay cool
anybody else are we good are we ready to
rock I'm excited to see your character
Steven are you hi I'm ready
alright so let's kick it off we left the
party was in finding real quick the only
thing I still need to roll HP I don't
I'm gonna do that
later wet yeah let's do it okay what do
i how do I did you're gonna roll more
walks have de hit points right
okay twelve on I remember but I think
it's the DA probably sounds more
accurate probably more accurate let's
double check anyway it might be a d12
you know I might have just been over
looking at this entire time warlock
alright so give me 48 plus Willie Ross
for three times wait rule 48 plus one
forty eight plus eight plus three times
five
wait I'm sorry wait role 48 plus plus 3
times 5 so plus 15 right sure okay
gotcha okay yeah that's quite nice is it
I think it's pretty average but yeah
it's maybe a little below average it's
not Lily's role good yeah you're 2h
people Oded average is fine okay your
character just needs to get stronger did
my character is gonna be all the way in
the back here they won't do you the one
that needs to be strong for us so last
left party was in Fenton you had talked
to little Bobby and you had asked him to
sail you all the way a little Jimmy
little Bobby is a little guy
the nine-year-old oh right Little Jimmy
right little Bobby's one that you
brought from Copper Hills you asked him
to sail you all the way back to eridan
so you could go to Strom hime and so you
can free Joris from the prisons in
strong I'm on the behalf of Malachi
right yep cool so as you're all making
your way to probably Dusty's tavern
where you have rooms that are covered
for you you get approached by Wyatt in
the streets looking around looking kind
of suspicious and a little bit worried
it's may be late afternoon early evening
now when you guys are running it what's
wrong Wyatt the note where's the note
I'm sure he's right next year uh look
I'm gonna I'm gonna make like a like
kind of like give you a little bit of
like background Gerald is kind of like
brooding a little bit dark he's had some
character development over the you know
he has a little bit of time to think so
he's just kind of hanging in the back
and yes yes I am here what is it you
approach near he kind of makes a motion
and squats down and whispers close to
you saying
major tavington is looking for you you
specifically
he has your name your visit your height
eggs small list of spells you know your
equipment and somewhat your traveling
companions I don't know if he knows
about the bard hmm
any idea of how he got this knowledge
you know he grimaces a little bit goes
one of my former companions camp Atreus
associates has betrayed me betrayed us
and given up your details under duress
of torture we knew not that you had
associates we were not introduced to
this one why not tell us but why not
tell us for information together I
thought we left none
I didn't follow that very well but we
should go inside somewhere and maybe I
can say it again in a way that I can
understand
so we shall Street he says and walks
with you guys quickly back to Dusty's
tavern
ok we follow what did you what were you
saying I didn't follow you at all I was
rhyming but I just basically said why
didn't you tell why didn't you tell us
that she had Fred's hmm hmm the first
place yeah we didn't know that anyone
else knew we didn't we thought it was
why and us it's Wyatt and some other
people now there it's complicated I have
many associates all over the world some
of them most of them know nothing about
you a few I have trusted with key bits
of information mostly to get that book
to you while you were in produces hmm I
see well I hope this doesn't become a
trend but let's move in to the tavern to
discuss this issue we must mend it is
going to become an issue he's on his way
here to Fanning Den is here on his way
how Fergus two days ago you should be
here two or three days from now then we
have no time to waste
let's go to the tavern and talk about it
make haste okay he will take you back
down to the basement in Dusty's tavern
where there are a few other people here
in addition to the in addition to Wyatt
he introduced you to his two associates
Clint and Blanche
back in the same room that you guys are
always in did we meet Clinton before you
have not met Clint or Blanche these are
new names to you white pants too one
says this is Clint he is my heavy lifter
and this is Blanche his bodyguard I am
Gerald not I am an old mage come to you
in this hour
not yet enraged but I am wondering what
is the stage for the information you
have pray tell well he's coming here
looking for you
of all the opportunities we will ever
have and this man's life it's now hmm
you are the perfect bait he comes here
and what kind of force I presume he's
bringing nights and men-at-arms with him
no number eyes if he brought less than
50/50 that's enough to take over the
entire town is it not certainly
certainly but we have advanced warning
and you are a wizard you can
invisibility yourself and your friends
and some wizard I am I could not even
save my friends they're all dead true
now I'm the only one not even at the
head of this whole thread this story we
weave and I know not how you think that
we these thieves can take on 50 soldiers
and their party you suggest that we
attack with what resources do we have at
our back I have brought in a specialist
who has been most helpful in acts of
murder I can call for him now he makes a
sign to Blanche who leaves the room and
comes back with a new person it is a
sort of dark skinned half elf with a
crossbow and what else do you have kuhmo
I have to bolt cases that are drawn
either side of my body and a wonderful
large dark blue cloak I thought you're
gonna do a voice well he's asked me I
don't care do I have to describe it in
voice yeah chill you're also wearing a
breastplate
indeed I am although I don't know if
you'd be able to see that over my
wonderful
or under my wonderful club perhaps when
you're walking in and the cloak is
beside you but once you stop moving
it'll come in front and cover it all
maybe yeah why it turns and says this is
kuhmo hey our courier brings a strong
warrior he doesn't look that tough I
love your coat thank you it is a
wonderful opportunity to meet all of you
is this the legendary captain and the
bar bows I have heard so many tales
these Venturi's that you've gone on over
these lands I am captain and together
now but of course you are the captain
just look at you you look like a mighty
fine warrior you're mighty fine lad so
you can see a great man I absolutely can
and I have not met a man greater than
the one that I see before me today I
heard that you need my assistance I am
so honored that I could help your party
today who are we after as much as I
think we'd like your assistance I don't
I'll look to Gerald I I don't think we
can do this what they asked of us I know
it a couple of times pace a few steps
and little few sparks fly off my
fingertips as I consider it that's funny
I didn't take you for a bunch of little
[ __ ] did I ready a fire but I will
Wyatt we've done your dirty work you've
done nothing to help us this entire time
except fetch us some stupid information
lodging money resources money you gave
us like a hundred gold
I'll throw fifty gold in the ground okay
I have backed you with all sorts of
useful tools you have done nothing
bari Barbeau is completely correct you
have followed our story while taking
your glory on this quest for some kind
of redemption from an enemy we did not
even know and now what do you show a man
a single one for us what is this plan
for men to take an intern to take on 50
knights and soldiers don't take them on
head-on you fools
and what do you suggest what is your
best plan for this quad doesn't seem
like you've thought anything through you
just expect us to do it again real Club
well while there while they're all
talking with each other can I quietly
custom age Han and get that fifty gold
off the floor and put in my pocket thank
you okay
I've added 50 Mage hand requires verbal
and somatic components so you can give
me like a just sleight of hand to try
and make it yes it'd be in my passive
perception yeah yeah you can have to
beat your passive perception of like did
you say 2282 I have to beat an 18 on
this role yeah [ __ ] I'll notice it but I
won't say anything cuz you complimented
me I took the gold off okay sure
alright you pick up the 50 gold
surreptitiously while this is going on
and why it says fine I have a plan he
will have a place to sleep when he gets
here or on the road you find his tent
his room you sneakin in the night when
his guards are when the rest of his
armies away from him you take out the
one or two guards on him and then you
kill him I have a plan come out I'll
look to the cross bolts how accurate are
you at that I am the best shot in these
lands captain Barbeau not let you down
I'll pull out my vial of poison and show
jailed jail you can do prestidigitation
correct I can could you make a say a
gnome who would stand in the street to
parlay with the great tavington hmm let
me write this is a good idea I think a
distraction we could definitely create
and then perhaps a rooftop we could find
where kuhmo resides and the and my spell
of invisibility weaves them together
into the hidden shadow what no you kuhmo
of this of magic of magic of course I am
well-versed in some of the dark arts
however I'm not sure if we're gonna have
an opportunity to kill this man in the
way that you really wishes to I imagine
tavington is quite the powerful person
how are we gonna isolate such a man
Oh an assassination with poison we may
not need to isolate him we may be able
to shoot and then run yes I think and
this man has no guards has no protection
from ranged attack you think would be as
easy he's very uh we've dealt with
having Tinubu stris and full of himself
he feels that nothing can ever touch him
a proper distraction like an image of
some sort of me may well he'll send his
guards why not him probably for the man
who killed his child who killed his son
Wyatt how long do we have until this man
arrives at this town two or three days
maybe we should spend a deal of time
outside getting familiar with the city
and we can look and see if this plan is
even possible he could then even be in a
carriage and I'm sure that you'll be
able to spot him from in the inside of
it perhaps how strong is the poison barb
oh I don't think I'd know in person but
we got it at the UH we got it at what's
his name count vicious is how we gotta
count vicious his Manor and all of his
other items were of the toppest of tear
so I assumed that this is one of the
strongest poisons in the land which I
give you a type that it was you gave me
a full vial of poison that was all sure
but I did I say like type abcdefg no
never had it never had the time okay I
did it wasn't given it no was it fen den
where you met the blind gnome who was a
poison dealer would he know think I met
him no I would have met him in rock wave
or Clyde stone hmm so we have not time
to contact that gnome unfortunate well
is there anyone home here where we would
I have been able to do so what type of
poison this was uh you've been traveling
pretty heavily on the road so I don't
think you've had time to stop and check
it out
let's see give me a nature and an animal
handling both yeah you're not familiar
it's a liquid but it could have been
extracted either from a creature or on
the plant and you're not certain which
one how much we descend this vial would
it be reasonable to test it on a like to
take a drop and test it on something all
right well hold on Wyatt you're you're a
rogue of sorts vested in the shadow what
do you know what poisons that flow I
have an associate who knows much about
these things I could get that sorted out
for you there's also this is a little
bit more tricky I could arrange a
meeting with the man here in our cavern
but it would cause damn once the deed
was done the Tavor would be brought down
so another meeting place might need to
be arranged
when you say brought down if tavington
dies in this establishment his men will
burn the whole thing to the ground but
as I said I know people I feel certain
that within a few days of his arrival I
could hold a meeting with him maybe
somewhere out in the woods he would
bring just a few guards with him and if
you were well-hidden I think the most
unconvicted be here in this tavern and I
think it's time for you to take a loss
if you want this man dead so bad why
would why would tatting to meet with you
as specifically at what what is your
importance to a man of his stature
we're old war buddies is that so no I
[Music]
have many family members we stretched
far and wide in a broad and loosely
affiliated network across Trek yes
mystery ax and a koopa and eridan
so you are confident that you can get
this man as part of your plan into a
forest alone with a few guards only
known and if we are properly not shown
we can destroy him
they'll be his best guards for certain
but yes well then perhaps we must be
confident in this new arrival strength
then I look over to kuhmo Preto
what do you believe the length of your
strength is kuhmo length is an odd way
to measure a man's strength but I
believe I'm up to the task of whatever
you can decide me to do I think creating
an illusion as he comes with its own
I think the illusions a better idea and
once tavington dies meeting with me my
use to you will be very little and I too
will be a wanted man I think that the
all look to Gerald if if you think we
can pull the illusion off I think that
is a probably the best way to go and
then kuhmo could no one will know who
did it really it's an artery yes I think
the best way to do it would be to create
to understand the town very well over
the next couple of days and then try to
find a rooftop or hidden enclosure where
kuhmo can fire the poison bolt and we
create the illusion in the middle of the
crowd and try to keep create as much
chaos as possible that will allow us to
flee after the deed is done
you think that is a reasonable option
Barbeau I think that's reasonable and
it's a big vial of poison so maybe we
could have me on another rooftop I will
get a possible
it does seem like that pearl and we're
going to give the crossbow bolts and bar
bows daggers a twirl and see what
happened
got I give her the thumbs up and there's
a little light little flame of light
that appears on it goodbye
crossbow bolt a crossbow yes would you
want a light crossbow right heavy
crossbow I'd want a heavy one probably
okay I'm probably just gonna use it one
time and like dip on it with two days we
could also set up traps if we Wyatt no
you wear tavington we'll travel to find
to come into this town is there any way
should we go down from the south that's
across the bridge another vulnerability
but he'll be crossing it with all of his
men correct correct are there crowds on
this bridge or only him when he crosses
I expect he'll be in the middle of his
entourage well with enough traps and two
days of preparation we can take out the
bridge and then attack we take know we
have people I think we should get the
whole you can't you can't destroy the
bridge in and that offend enter with Ron
Renta I think we should go to bridge
come into town my gnomish friend and
we'll have me and kuma kuhmo on rooftops
with poison on our backs III know I
didn't I head over to barbell I think we
should take Scout at the town and see
what is about to go down
Wyatt we do need this poison checked out
as when we're scouting the town he nods
and we'll take the all look to Gerald we
could test it on our intern you know and
Jo ready yes no no pearl probably that
would mean your death and we've had too
much of that tell us about your special
your breath yes from
laugh and I can make them invisible and
I can make them sleep and I can make
them way like they're nothing
you can make people sleep yeah wonder
many people that's quite a power I'm
familiar with this magic as well am I
going to be useful well what what what
Barbeau asked you can you sleep you can
you can make many people fall asleep can
you not this is a rain of history isn't
one only up to three that's interesting
well this could this could assist us a
great deal yes if we have extra guards
are you are you capable in a fight can
you handle your own I can I can fight I
can definitely fight I'll be useful
what do you fight with um I kind of just
stay far away and casteth okay so why I
can fight with a sword I don't want to
be an intern anymore you're gonna be on
for quite a while okay and unless you
make a great thing here Wyatt um one
thing the tavington dies it's over
what then what's next oh I want to cause
havin it there are many things that
could come after this what do you want I
know what he wants he says pointing to
captain barb oh I understand him
perfectly and that one he says pointing
to the Bard I get her well enough
Kumal over here I understand but you
know who are you what are you even doing
here this isn't your fight this isn't
your war why I'm not sure why you
haven't gone home yet I look up at the
Gerald looks up at the ceiling kind of
forlornly I know not what even home
would mean to me now I guess if I could
if they're all that I've been through if
I wish anything to cease it is all this
war maybe we can finally find peace and
this evil man do this plan we bring down
we'll bring a little bit
of solace to this town and perhaps my
tortured soul ezel is depressing am you
really bringing me down he nods fine
well after Wyatt there is a whole mess
of things now that your other companion
is gone I feel like we might have more
business together
we might manage my language sir I'm a
man who can acquire knowledge and items
and tools anything one might need I can
probably get my hands on so I believe we
could do a lot of good together how
about a horse Wyatt I can get you a
horse I do need my boots of sneek
reasonably we would know which direction
Wyatt is coming from right Tamm eaten or
I'm sorry not ya know Wyatt timing -
yeah
I bring you to a map of the town it does
stretch on a little bit farther to the
sides but this is like the the center of
town and everything and he's coming
through this he will be coming across
the bridge yep do you think um should I
be able to I should be able to move
between cities much quicker than 50 men
right if I have if I'm on horse
definitely average walking pace is gonna
be about 24 or 25 miles per day a large
group of people like that is gonna go
maybe only 20 miles a day could I ride -
I'd like to ride to the city
whichever city I can get to that Lord's
having Tain's men would have just
visited as recently as possible and then
can I lean into my ear on the ground
here to try to get some information on
the people coming through does that make
sense what I'm asking so like I
basically I would like to talk to the
any and my shady associate that would
visit me I would like to figure out like
what kind of mint abington is bringing
through I imagine that people will be
looking I imagine the people that are
interested will probably have like an
idea of like oh you know he's got some
number of mages some number of soldiers
maybe a famous face or - sure well if
you are going to be going past where he
is you will inevitably cross him on the
road so you could just pass
on the road and watch and see for
yourself what he's bringing sure would I
be able to ascertain as well as any
person in a city I guess like everything
that's going on like recognizing whether
people are wizards or whatnot if I can
do it on my own then I guess yeah that
works yeah you would probably be if
you're standing and observing from the
road with the intent to figure out what
they've got you're gonna have a better
idea than they like rumors that pass
through town it'll be more effective
than asking some random person you know
what I mean sure what I would I would
that carry some level of risk with it if
some shady rider is just like trot along
alongside I mean roads are traveled as
long as you don't do anything that draws
attention to yourself right okay if
you're just some random passerby on the
road they're not gonna care mm-hmm
yeah that's fine then can I take my
leave and do that then I'm not sure I'm
we have a horse and with a horse you'll
go closer to 48 or 50 miles in a day huh
and you can head out and wait for his
army to pass and then ride past him
somehow
does he know which way they're coming
from if they're coming down wire goes on
Tharus or just oh no they're definitely
taking the road yeah this is row up
through pernicious is basically
impassable by ground there's a lot of
rivers and huge swarms of monsters in
this area over here yeah so you go and
take the road all right barb oh I'm sure
you guys will be able to figure out an
effective means to deal with a tavington
while you guys make your plan I'm gonna
take a horse and I'm gonna ride south
and I'll come back with as much
information as I can about these figures
there is one other option before we
split we have an artifact of great power
we could use it to take tavington over
and perhaps command his army there are
many problems in the lands the vicious
we know not what he's done we'd also
have the demons in arid on it's
something that we could consider hmm
Eragon is a long way from here tabbing
tintin will be here in two or three days
let's deal with the problem in front of
us and then there's a whole world of
problems out there no Wyatt what I'm
saying is no you do you want a man
dead it's your feets or one that you can
control with an army at the helm would
that be sweet I don't think we can talk
to Malachi within two days I like the
idea I don't know about the practice I
don't know how this crown works but if
you put it on him will he try and take
it off once you're not giving him a
command once he's out of sight we'll
kill his normal orders but how much
control do you have over him when you're
not specifically exerting control
I like the idea I just don't think we
know enough about it for this time for
him to do it and if we have his army and
all of a sudden his army goes rogue well
now we have the rest of the dreck US
Army's coming after us trying to figure
out what that's going on it's it's a
very visible set piece it's usually
easier to work from the shadows moving
small key pieces around and entire
armies at least that's how my family has
always done it destroying Babbington and
his army then disperses or goes to
command of the next or we guess we don't
know what happens a new commander will
be picked his army is not a problem in
and of itself it's just the man you ever
seen I recall correctly it was one of
your friends who initially wanted to
come after this man he's long gone since
then well your friends he says pointing
to the gnome started this mess with him
mmm
and so we shall finish it what friend is
he talking about I don't even know it's
been so long and so many people have
[ __ ] died I have no idea just a few
mobile for you leave thanks for thanks
for picking up my gold earlier can I
have half of it back you have quite big
aye captain you can take all 50 back
I'll take it back it was only in jest I
tossed my fifty back of course what's
your name little lady
carl pearl she's our in ten I'll give
you five golden sparkly ID I accept I'm
sure you can fire self a fine new little
quill and notebook for recording all of
your little adventures Barbeau does
enjoy this guy way more than he and
block in his company like this guide
like a few days ago like block very much
he was his inspiration though wyatt
motions to both kuhmo and pearl and says
the two of you should get along well
you're both here for the same reason and
he makes a meaningful nod in Captain
Barbossa way well what what what I don't
understand I look a bit a little bit
confused you've both come for captain
Barbra right you with your stories I've
heard you sing them and you you said you
were looking for them wait yeah the way
it was there a question no no no yeah
they're looking for one of the most
influential men in all of Arcadia
one of the most renowned generous loyal
attractive just honestly better than
Desmond and you haven't paid me still we
haven't got any money it's been two days
pearl Blanche laughs at your self
description from her spot atop the chest
I mean well they've really been an
intern for about two days that whole two
days we haven't really done anything
except try to figure out what the hell
were doing so just give it some time a
little bit of patience and yeah give it
to them adventuring and then we'll cut
you into a 50% stake get into a good
fight let's see what your what you can
what you can do and then from there all
these things shall come to you as we
walk off to scout what I assume is like
the entire town for the best vantage and
etc all giggle to jailed in turns and
turns alright so are you Oh sir
oh go ahead I was gonna ask you from
jail do you think that you'd be
interested in doing it in the middle of
town or would you want to catch them
near the bridge well that's good let's
get like let's do some shadow run stuff
let's like get like a idea of the town
and like where he's gonna pass through
and look what's good like let's assume
Kobe that we're getting as much
information as we can what what do we
wear we kind of see tactically well I
should have laid out before you a map of
the town mmm-hmm
so from here what would you what else
would you like to know I can tell you
basically anything are the rooftops like
jagged or well-built or there are their
enclosures like sometimes there's like
little like like places you can hide and
stuff like what about what about the
rooftops to the the north of the bridge
well you know let me take you to a
slightly different map this one might
take a little while to load all right
rooftops just north of the bridge we say
huh I see a couple of enclosures like a
couple like little fashion minis
yeah there's chimneys but there's also
like those you see those little those
little humps yeah yeah wait for
everything to pop into existence here
and I will show you what the top floor
of that room looks like I see there's
like windows looking out it looks like
come on multi-sided tokens you can do it
just don't bully clava it's trying there
we go so this is what the top floor of
that building set is gonna look like how
high is the bridge the bridge is maybe
15 feet above the river how deep the
water 15 feet in the middle maybe 20
feet in the dead center and then kind of
shallowing out on the sides like a lazy
river is like a rushing at this point
it's sort of lazy are these windows
yes that's a window okay so those are
windows mm-hmm so the bridge is the
choke point I think we should ambush
here it looks like the two windows here
and is there there's a window on this
side as well mm-hmm yeah the problem is
that once we shoot how do we get out of
the houses I can invisible the people
window yeah I can the problem is if we
put I think we have to put the whole
party in one house because what I can do
is I can group in visibility us out once
we shoot literally just in visit and
walk out how far can I know that's how
far can an archer reliably shoot with we
can even have two groups
Gerald because our intern can
invisibility as well she can way that's
an amazingly useful can you can you do
that to multiple people or just yourself
[Music]
to multiple people three times so we
okay
Gerald we could even shoot from like a
hundred feet reliably so mm-hmm
if we were on I'll point to these
rooftops like even if they're on these
as he comes into town we would have two
distinct different like shots on him
which i think is the best so some of
these are gonna be problematic like the
line that you've just drawn the saw that
was through thing yep right right so you
you would need a line of sight that
doesn't clip another roof so I would so
I guess what I was gonna go for maybe
just thinking so maybe like when they
get to here for example we could have
one person can it clip through its own
roof like that
Meyer point so if you're on this point
up here that's very top then you're
going to be level with this thing so
you're never gonna be able to see
something down there right you're but
if they were back here than they were
behind that chimney you could probably
see something in this square yeah that
would be what I'm working if we're here
at this chimneys we can actually shoot
60 feet out here yep I think those
chimneys are good too and then we could
also do it here yep and then we can we
can back out into a lot of different
directions and just basically so is
there no other exit to this town than
the bridge because that's a problem
there is a road to the east and then
there's sort of like wilds to the north
and the west so we probably should go
into the wilds where they're not gonna
and they're gonna search the town
they're gonna think we're still there
did you do you think that they would
yeah no one's gonna see us leave the
town that's true do we leave footsteps I
can create a magical horse now that
doesn't leave footsteps and you think
the best place to go is in the wild I
would think she'd follow the roads
because they're probably gonna sack the
entire town and search yeah yeah okay so
I guess preliminary the plan would be
like what here's one rooftop and then we
can shoot behind the chimney or
something like pearl and be able to
shoot over this house right this should
be higher than the other one yeah
because this is a two-story roof right
Corbeau I think so let me double check
the exact dimensions of these things so
I guess the preliminary goal would be
like there and then we have another one
behind there and that's two different
shots pearl I mean this is a three
storey building and this is a two-story
building so if you're on this roof on
this rooftop up here you should be able
to do this I don't know about that
that's probably not gonna work from this
shot right here this would work I think
right that will probably work yeah white
line will probably work so what this
chimney once you start crossing be the
second story you're gonna lose it
got it so like right here one behind
this chimney and one here I want mine
there yeah I think that was my goal yeah
and then there with me pearl with the
I'm with kuhmo we both in visitors each
other out we meet in the Wat
we take I leave us a horse near the end
the exit to the wilds we meet up at the
horse and we take off we need to win
what's our escape to our escape route
real quick for like crossbows and stuff
or bow so you don't get advantage from
shooting from like elevation or
something right it's not no like you get
a bandage if your target doesn't see you
okay meanwhile I think what we should
also do is we should have one of why
it's men set someone that's like a
mercenary that's bought out or something
go find why it's true and informed them
that Geralt has heard about them coming
and is planning his escape so that they
make they make a mistake of rushing into
the town they need to feel like they're
there hey so they don't send anybody
ahead make sense yeah yeah can we plan
our getaway because there's a getaway
the getaway is we have one of my magic
horses prepared mm-hmm and then we are
near the near the is it a gate that
leads out into the wilds hi boo
no there's no gate it's just open I just
smell like an exact path right I don't
like what path out it's kind of what I
was kind of alone for I guess where
would you have the horse uh I don't know
the area so coyly what do you think so
if you zoom out you can see the map of
the whole town yeah
the fastest way would just be to follow
the road north I suppose right like come
through here cut through the market walk
around this or through the slums I can
see you're not seeing a red line I can
see it oh you can see it it's fine yeah
and then just straight out and we're
invisible this entire time we meet that
we so let's put the horse here what is
this clue what is this place is that
like a mill or something Bo I couldn't
see where you were pinging oh it turned
top yep yeah that is a windmill two mill
wheat so what's um let's hide the like a
horse or two there and then I'll have
the horse prepared
and we'll we'll ride out from there
that's our meeting place we pretty meet
up there and visible pearl are you sure
you can handle the invisibility of barb
oh that I can do it for four kuhmo
I think pearl should go with kuhmo and
you and I should stick together
yeah very good so leave your then Tim
please go nothing am I still you're
gonna do great am i still scouting yeah
I don't think you've left yet this is
that same night yep okay cool I'm ready
to leave as soon as possible
so sure did you want to travel at night
or we I would just assumed you wanted to
leave the next morning why would you
assume that quite boom I thought he was
leaving during the day while we were
planning all this right but it was
evening when this was being okay how
long is it gonna take me to reach that
area if you are on horseback you can go
50 miles in a day huh so if there are
two or three days out I guess you just
ride until you see them and then turn
around and ride back yeah okay yeah I'll
leave as soon as possible then so one
more thing mmm I'm sorry to bring this
up what happens if we miss the shots
oh we run [ __ ] [ __ ] Wyatt it so where
our entire plan is based on hitting just
yeah you so just to understand the
defense here perhaps we can do if we
take our first shot we're assuming that
on the first shot we'll be rolling out
an advantage it's a reasonable
assumption
if you have like a double shot ability
like the ability to shoot a second time
is that second shot can it be taken an
advantage as well or does that not count
as advantage no won't count because he
will have seen the direction the first
shot is coming from wait um kuhmo and
I'd be able to kind of get it at like a
signal where we both fire at the same
time and have advantage that's good
first we're not gonna invisible until
right after yeah sure well then all you
need is some sort of mutual signal
Freeman yeah which would come through
your distraction or well is that what I
can make a
I can make like a prestidigitation like
little like flaming thing we can look at
we're pretty close on the rooftops so we
plan to like get him to come out through
having like a prestidigitation of a of a
Gerald or something like that we well
he's gonna come at a rush anyway right
cuz we're gonna we're gonna inform his
soldiers ahead that I'm escaping okay so
so so I think yeah if we need a
diversion that if we need a diversion in
real time with silent image I can create
one I think yeah
okay so preliminary will agree that when
Gerald makes like a little spark or
something yeah fire okay here's here's a
question okay sorry
okay ready let's say that um let's say
that I cast a minor illusion of like a
chimney on a roof right quite boo mm-hm
okay let's say that the first shot that
I take is taken at advantage because
it's by surprise right mm-hmm then let's
say that I after taking the first shot I
used some movement to move behind the
roof and then behind the minor illusion
chimney and then I take a second shot
behind that chimney that they haven't
seen been minor illusions yet with that
shot come an advantage as well so if
they understand the general air like if
they're looking to their right all of a
sudden you're bolt comes from the left
and there are now turning their
attention to the left and you're still
firing from the left you don't have
advantage but you would want to like
cast some invisibility on the arrow
they're gonna be two bolts so they're
not gonna really no wait there's gonna
be two different bolts coming so I don't
think they're gonna really be able to
pinpoint well in the neck the only way
that i arguing upset as well is also
firing from darkness is always supposed
to be at advantage as well right and
documents can only come from one general
direction right right so if they can't
see you you have an advantage on the
attack role is the rule so you can use
your bonus action to make a hide check
behind something unless they're like
watching the chimney that you're hiding
behind already you know if you hide
behind one thing and they're staring at
that one thing then it doesn't matter
like which side you pop out on they're
gonna be watching you so you need to be
well can I take a shot through the
chimney if I know it's a minor illusion
doesn't it appear transparent to me so
I'd be able to shoot through it and they
wouldn't know
they'll be looking at like the chimney
right they'd still see the shot coming
what if I move you wing but I'm shooting
as well I guess
wouldn't they be confused where actually
the shots coming from then so he could
get advantage maybe that's two different
directions that's what I swear it's like
a normal combat there's people firing at
you perhaps from multiple different
spots and you might
you're still noticing where they're
coming from right no I mean like yeah so
I guess this is a common situation which
one he notices does he look at mine or
his right
but you would have two shots at
advantage and kuhmo gets a second shot
right maybe it it if he hijacked then I
mean what if I what if I create like
distraction at that but with a silent
image for example I can either I can
invisible I can do that what number one
if that would work if that doesn't work
then I can silent image like a
distraction like we're like why shoot
her in like like like like right in
front of the direction but only like 40
feet away like wow yeah well we'll make
it a die roll to see if the distraction
takes effect and we'll so we'll give
kuhmo hide check and we'll give you a
distraction and then we'll educate how
those play out what about that just
change everything
the owl Kinnick technically helps
someone to give them advantage on the
attack yeah okay here's another here's
another super obnoxious super obnoxious
question okay let's say that we pay okay
let's say that we pay four or five
children to run around and have like a
little celebration of tavington smen
coming into the town right we've got a
little like fireworks and everything and
they're running around and they're doing
tricks and everything and they're real
excited let's say that in all of the
mayhem of this ICAST fairy fire on the
bridge to illuminate everybody and give
us advantage on the attacks could I say
that they would assume that's part of
the demonstration or would that be
something that they would instantly
recognize as like an aggressive spell I
know children as a fairy fire spell
which is not always aggressive sometimes
is but if he's here to kill someone and
all of a sudden like magic starts
popping up around him he's probably
gonna be suspicious you know you know we
have a good plan and okay we're gonna
get at least three attacks with
advantage I can distract them
we have a good escape even now yeah we
have the owl which is gonna advantage
well so we have the help action right
which gives you a second shot so yeah
right there are three guaranteed advance
to give inspiration which gives like
more to roll the bard can also give
someone Bartok inspiration to allow them
to roll an additional one the Bartok
inspiration they can help the one day
for the hit Wow
26 it's a one to eat okay once we um
once we here's a question once we shoot
the three bolts before we escape why
don't I just toss a fireball in there
for good I might as well yeah hell yeah
okay
is that your most powerful spell uh it's
also yeah it's absolutely a spell that I
can cast from a hundred and fifty feeds
here so it's gonna yeah so yeah the
shots go in we throw the fireball we
didn't visit we meet up at the mill we
get into the wilds we meet up with Wyatt
later I'll send him a message I'll tweet
him can you I guess look at the area so
you're gonna hit only these houses and
we'll evacuate those already so you're
not gonna like burn the town down so
like you preemptively figure out the
circle and figure out that you're gonna
hit mostly the water and not really
these buildings yeah I mean if I toss a
fireball in the center thereafter
tavington gets hit it's gonna be a [ __ ]
show there there's no way they're gonna
be able to recover from it yeah okay
yeah I'll try to minimize the damage
it depends it depends on where they're
at the people the people I agree that we
why I think if we evacuate people it's
gonna be a red flag tavington well um
tavington will know that okay welcome
pikes yeah so we're just gonna we're
gonna murder hope of this and then dude
that's what I've been trying to do this
whole campaign locks
hold me back locks not here anymore
buddy it's you and me
so as I understand it the idea is to put
one of you on what building this
building's roof behind this right behind
here and then here find a photo so I
mean with Barbeau on one roof pearl will
be with kuhmo on the other pearls gonna
Bartek inspiration kuhmo I'm gonna I'm
gonna Barbara's gonna fire I'm gonna
create the prestidigitation spell
they both do a cold shot simultaneously
that's and then if we miss kuhmo reloads
I'll toss a fireball we we both in visi
chaw they're out of there and we go to
the mill well be out on kuhmo and three
bolts that are being fired are poisoned
as well we have yes full vial of poison
I think that should be what did why it
yeah you told me I want to see you said
12:00 because I remember it could kill
like a giant but not like a huge giant
what did uh what about the poison I
think I would have said two four eight
or sixteen I probably said eight I don't
remember
let me see late type it in my thing what
did Wyatt's say about the poison ah yeah
you'll get this information a day later
while kuhmo is cruising around he tells
you that this is weird of it hot or the
wyvern poison so it is unless you use a
lot of it it's unlikely to outright kill
someone but it's likely to paralyze them
or slow them wait that's what this
poison are you doing yeah if you use a
bunch of it you can definitely kill
someone wyverns are known for injecting
huge amounts of poison into their prey
which outright murders them by a bunch
of it I'll ask do you mean 12 doses how
much double the dose you increase the DC
by five so if you use eight doses the DC
by 15 and you have a pretty good chance
of killing him the real problem is that
you can't really put 8 doses of poison
on a sauna yeah you would need a better
method of injection on a shot am i able
to take a double shot with thirsting
blade or no like if I basically have a
double attack thing or what sort of cold
shot are you talking about
well I'm Devin just mentioned having
like the prepared shots like prepared
attacks I guess sorry that's a Shadowrun
term I don't know if that exists in 5e
okay for a ready to action you never you
can't ready like two attacks right you
would just ready your single attack yeah
in this situation you would be just
starting your initiative and getting a
surprise and on them okay yeah oh wait
sure you do it it was get a full ambush
run so you do get two decks okay yeah
you'll get full ambush round so you get
now all of your regular [ __ ] alright
sounds awesome okay and then final
question okay sorry
for a my probably hexaploid curse is
there any indication that a person has
been cursed but they know that I can't
find information about like if there are
elements to this it would give somebody
like starting at first I'll begin the
ability to place a bail for baleful
curse on someone would they know they've
been cursed like could I theoretically
walk by him place the curse on it and
then hop up to my rooftop or that's a
damn good question
that's a very good question
hmm
hex blades curse Boehner section one
could you can see from 30 feet of you
turnips Christopher one minute hmm well
it is a magical effect and I feel like
people usually know when they've been
magic so yes I would say that they would
have some sense that you know some sense
of foreboding on them it would
definitely alert somebody to caution
okay another question if it's warfarin
poison I don't I think this is how it
works into yet enough force in five but
if a person is paralyzed doesn't every
other attack critic in stem
automatically it's a good question when
you are
if it's paralysis meaning the first one
hits the creature have advantage attack
any attack that hits a creature is a
critical hit if the attacker is within
five feet of the creature would you
challenge would you but but let's just
think about it realistically you would
probably count these as Chris right like
because he's paralyzed and the the
crossbow bolts are gonna hit him it go
on if they had yeah but I think the
reason it get does extra damage uh is
when you're within five feet is because
you've got like someone that's not
moving honey well say I know I think it
would only apply to two melee attacks
okay then I don't want him to get a deck
save on fireball because there is no
dexterities paralyze someone in chat is
helping me lawyer my co lawyer says
Charma specifically tells you that they
know if it isn't specified they
shouldn't know I think you should lawyer
this whoever you are from chat [ __ ]
dumpster see you later
that was a heck his name is casual black
suit nice job and I ain't talked uh can
I ask why it to get us see if you can
get his poison in the two days time
another one so we could guess what can
you what do you want yeah I want poison
but it's going to just the most deadly
poison what does he get we'll take out
having peanuts I can get you some covert
poison that's fast-acting is this meant
to kill him with two two bolts can we've
code our weapons and have to hit you'll
die it takes a few minutes to take
effect so he won't notice right away but
it is perhaps the most likely to
outright kill someone okay and then just
reminder a few minutes that's like
twenty rounds of combat or more will be
tipping out after and just hoping yes
yeah what I makes wyvern and Cobra
poisoning no that would just have each
of them work at half function would be
bad I'll try it I are only know
my back some information yes oh you're
so once we've sorted this plan out we'll
send kuhmo off and we'll deal with him
is the pan sorted I think it's the cover
poisoning yeah and I think it's sorted
yeah he will get you three doses of
cobra poison for two feet free right
you're only making one shot we need for
the barber might take another shot also
we're in case I have to take another cut
I'm probably from all his eyes he'll get
you four doses I'll probably be taking
two shots just in that plan yeah yeah
yeah okay cool
so all that now that that is done we
will do kuhmo cruisin about on his own
okay so when you set out into the next
day kuhmo it is a little misty before
before before I leave I would talk to
pearl you seem to have a penchant for
recording stories there do you think I
could borrow some parchment and maybe
one of your favorite pens so that I
could write down exactly who I see oh
that would be great here oh I give up
I rip out our two pages out of the
notebook awesome
second favorite pen is there anything
that you're especially interested in
that you would likely like me to record
about these men do you care about their
outfits or their schedules or what is it
that you're most interested in recording
in your little notebooks can you draw
very poorly can you try to draw them as
best as you can
I'll make my best effort to do so Thanks
okay cool
all right so I have my thing so I write
it down do I say all right let me just
pull
[Music]
my next characters gonna have a death
I'm just gonna be are peeing like
figuring out this see they make sure to
actually draw it for the sake of
roleplay oh yeah for sure Lily don't
worry mm-hmm you set up the next day and
it is a misty drizzly day you'll spend
the entirety of it traveling along the
road without coming across the tavington
group whatsoever the next day as you
travel an approach Nikhil Glade the rain
is still coming down very gently very
softly just enough to sort of dampen the
earth to bring up that nice frame I'm
you know a little bit of mud gets kicked
up by your horse but not too much and
right around here right around this bend
in the road you can hear the the
trotting and the clacking noises of
horse hooves and sure enough if you pull
off you'll see a nice large company of
soldiers coming by you can count where
as my numbers here you can count three
Lance's each Lance is about eight horse
at horsemen and six spears which each
one is about eight spearmen plus a
knight and a squire as well as some
other guards some wagons with supplies
what looks to be a couple of bodyguards
and like a second-in-command and
described and a messenger and a
spellcaster so all in all it's about a
hundred people including support staff
probably like ninety some warriors most
of them are gonna be like low-level
peasant spearmen but there are three
full Lance's of knights what is a knight
is just like as a knight like the Aquila
like a Hobgoblin or a little bit
stronger weaker
a knight is like a third level fighter
okay and then in terms of armor these
guys in full like plate or whatever like
whatever was the 18 AC ship the Knights
wear rest plates right now while they're
traveling but no maybe like some leather
limbs so maybe it was a
explain a C and Phi B how do we
translate this whatever breast played it
one higher than whatever breast plate
armor is okay I think I'm an amazing
breast plate which i think is like 14
very 16 or something it's 14 so they
should have like 15 AC the ground
soldiers are all wearing chainmail with
shields and spears so they're gonna have
higher AC they'll have chainmail with
shields so the ground soldiers will have
a teenage see the horsemen will have
about 15 AC they do have shields but
none of them are carrying them at this
point um where where is tavington in
this group he is dead center sitting on
his horse you can see his two bodyguards
ride directly in front of him his second
command rides beside him and the squire
his squire and his second-in-command
Squire ride behind him and then there's
like a wagon behind that with a driver
and a spellcaster on it and what is like
the what is like the location in
tavington insofar as like this whole
group like let's say for it to saber
enter town would there be like like
multiple like like a whole lance or like
multiple spears of people entering
before he would get there or is he more
towards the front or yeah there would be
two Lance's in front of him and then
there are three Spears then like the
core of support staff and then another
three Spears and then the last Lance at
the back gotcha spellcaster what am i
able to determine about him what does he
look so you look pretty for boating or
give me a charisma check to see what you
can spot about this guy
what am I just clicking literally click
charisma yes fantastic yeah this guy's
definitely a wizard of sorts or a
sorcerer of sorts if he was an arcane
spell caster he is in his 40s
so he's experienced to a certain extent
and if he's traveling with tavington
he's probably no small fries so he
should have at least level 3 spell
Slovak ship that would be
very reasonable assumption right
certainly okay okay are you drawing safe
not yet damn chill actually hold on
[Music]
okay now one thing that you might find
especially about 23 charisma check
interesting here is that tavington
is a cavalry commander okay and he has a
lot of infantry with him here a lot more
than any good cavalry commander ought to
have so this is certainly not his
typical retinue that he's traveling with
you can make whatever deduct deductions
from that you would like kind of
deductions what I meant from that either
he's short on men or he's planning I'm
doing something that we weren't
initially aware that he was planning on
doing or he has a particular reason for
bringing these people with him mm-hmm
when you say he so you're saying like
six beers is an uncommon amount of like
what is this 48 spearmen plus six nights
Plus expires yeah this is a this is a
whole company it's like about a hundred
people mm-hmm but you would expect him
to be riding in with only cavalry so if
he's coming in with like infantry like
peasant in for another since a peasant
infantry but like enlisted men and not
just knights on horseback you know that
that's unusual he's gonna rape and
pillage is that what's going on here
okay um I think yeah I mean nothing else
stands out of the ordinary whatever
right I think I've seen about as much as
I'd can see right sure and you make
notes of these things his army passes
you and how do you head back to used to
turn around immediately and head the
other way do you give him an hour give
him a day how do you how do you turn
around and head back um I mean I imagine
I'll wait an hour and then head back
I can't imagine they're keeping track
these roads are like fairly well
traveled right it's not like I'm the
only person that's passed away yeah okay
yeah okay so they don't notice you in
the slightest when you pass the other
way and you can make it back to fend in
you will be about maybe uh a day ahead
of them yeah I think that's about right
they will be a ride
the next day probably in the the middle
or the late afternoon from the day that
you arrive okay show us here I can't I
tried to draw one and I just kuhmo we
need to see this for the mission
did you draw them pearl I don't think my
artistic talents could ever bash
whatever artistic talent you present
I drew this especially for you I want
you to know that a lot of work went into
this and I would really appreciate it if
you would keep it to yourself
sure okay i slant outsider piece of
paper sorry I'm walking out of character
not in character okay it was one of his
most fearsome nights oh wow okay yeah
okay um where we are right in the hell
are we like in the in the bar in the tab
yeah you guys can be back in the tavern
it is the 34 first of January 15 11 and
you're all sitting in Dusty's tavern and
we have how much time he'll be here
tomorrow in the afternoon or evening
okay bring you guys back to your pearl
you little bobbies over here to some
reason and kuhmo little Bobby's a genius
wait if he's Bobby has pirates right if
he's gonna attack the town agenda this
is no that's Jimmy
that's our they get confused easily yeah
both of my little boys that's cute
thank you did you use to have a wife
nope
so what exactly is your beef here with
mr. tavington why you guys so keenly
interested in killing him wait I hope I
assume Lee we're like in like a quietest
corner of the bar I'm not like screaming
this yeah okay yeah thought wired why it
hired you for this I didn't think I had
to explain it to you you don't have to
explain anything to me captain Bravo but
I I am I'm positive that a man as
fascinating as yourself would have a
great reason to be after this man just
way of other people you know my last
comrade was always on my ass about
everything we're after I'm sorry we're
after tavington because he's pretty much
bringing in enlisted men killing them
off and selling off their lands to the
other Nobles ooh that's quite the
conspiracy you have there you ever
considered revealing this to the local
papers no I'm sure a story like this
would fetch quite the pretty penny if
you sold it to the right buyer yeah yeah
we caught that before we decided to kill
everybody but you know I give a little
wink and a snap to Pearl anyway let's
talk about what I saw my my travel to
the east
I think that was East tavington is
traveling with a large number of
soldiers quite a bit larger than I would
expect him to he had three lances and
six beers with his soldiers with and he
seemed to be positioned in about the
middle of them almost a hundred men
including 90 some warriors and support
staff he had one spellcaster with him
looked quite formidable and then
everybody else is just random its
soldiers you'd expect to see you
traveling with a group that size I've
fought a group that says once before I'm
sure you defend every man
single-handedly captain barb oh no I
lost pretty handed Oh quite the surprise
I'm sure the odds were against you no
just a bad fight that I took
well this is some trouble do we still
want to go ahead of our plan fight a
hundred men I believe we're taking them
the plan is to take a secret shot from a
roof and then to escape under the guise
of invisibility no yes yeah I think we
can still go with it we just have to
make sure we do not engage the Knights
they're gonna be yeah even if we miss
we're leaving
but there's if they're gonna have to
like the militia is gonna repel or try
to repel some kind of foreign invasion
right they're gonna be tied up this is
gonna be chaos there's gonna be IDs or
not this is not a foreign invasion these
wait wait wait hold on we have one task
set before us and that's to kill
tavington whatever happens after that
it's not our responsibility
I need not worry with that I love this
guy yeah this guy's pretty cool very
well is lock would have just been on her
ass this hired time about the whole town
not getting murdered but this guy he
sees it our way sounds like this lock
wasn't able to get much done very
effectively so I'm glad I could be at
least to you guys
it wasn't very bright either he kind of
just walked into a gaping hole
I can't imagine many men that oppose you
captain Barbara very bad fight good
neither you know I bested him in a duel
once I'm sure you did and I'm sure it
was only by your grace that he walked
out of that duel alive you're quite the
man shall we take our positions how long
do we have until do we start like a day
or two a day okay all right he was my
Squire so how should we celebrate this
evening man if we have a day before us
good sleep well sing songs together and
hold yes we could sing songs together
pearl and I like songs and I love
listening to songs let's find a place to
sing sure I love singing kuhmo you
better sing with us my vocal cords were
damaged quite a while ago if you
couldn't tell so unfortunately I can't
ring up I'll definitely clap along oh
never mind I have a flute I know how to
play the flute it came as a yes so I can
play along with you guys if you need a
before
if you're playing the flute there you go
before the night passes can we have
Little Jimmy
can we see the map again like is there a
nearby stream north of this that he can
like take us out cuz we still do want to
go save what's-his-face sure to do your
docks that little Jimmy's on our way
down this direction they're slightly off
the map here so if you want that's
another route that you could bolt down
there and hop on a boat and no that's
all that's better yeah yeah I did see
really that said well hop will go west
to Little Jimmy I'll have little Jimmy a
little Jimmy you got to be ready we're
gonna pick and go we got a little thing
to handle here's 100 gold sounds are we
still headed straight to her room yeah
what are you doing there oh yeah these
we're gonna go save yours we can't go
back east we have to go around of course
yeah the river doesn't go all the way
yeah I'm just checking you here
oh here's Bobby this is your new first
mate if you'll have him he looks at
little Bobby walks up two of them gives
him a shove with one hand little Bobby
makes a host strength check Oh
little Bobby does poorly falls flat on
his back
little Jimmy shakes his head and goes no
way this guy's a chump I don't take
jumps you were a chump once and now look
at you turned out all right sir the race
got no first mate maybe you taking a
poop decks father he says Oh what does
that mean I can't be with you anymore
how about disappointed you know they do
something wrong you're just gonna you
know Bobby Bobby Bobby listen Bobby I
have a cool mission that I gotta go on I
will be right here in a few days I just
need a little Jimmy to look after you
and teach you some things about chip
manon what'd I do wrong you didn't do
anything wrong and you know what I'll
give him my
uh you said we could travel together we
will travel together I just have
something to do that you can't come
along for I'll give him my 200 GPA
amulet I'm giving him my amulet
that's super sick and glows okay
I kind of like leaned over and whispered
pearl are you so short on money that
this man is running a nursery in his
free time I looked a little Jimmy little
Jimmy I I really need to look after him
and give him the utmost respect don't
let anybody else bully him okay tolerate
weaklings if he rent other people from
bullying him he's gonna get bullied
that's just the way the world is all
right little Bobby sound like weak die
it's time to grow the [ __ ] up little
Bobby
Yago it's almost Jimmy I'll give him my
amulet well no I'm not gonna uh I don't
know what to give it all right here
little Bobby and I'll get me to give him
barb this is my first sword that I ever
loved it was 45 GP I need you don't hold
onto this for me and then I'll be back
in a day it's even better than this
super expensive sword you bought me you
don't think giving a small lad like that
a blade that's adorned with such
wonderful jewelry isn't making him a
target captain Barbara that's the point
come oh he's gotta learn all right
little Jimmy and little Bobby head off
down to the docks Gerald has a song for
it tonight let's hear it
okay I need I need backup from the flute
and wait what is Pearl play
all right you choose here we go there
once was a party of bar bows we started
off with claims quite largo we knew not
what trouble we would bring we've lost
many we felt the sting now this story we
sing will lead us to our next thing we
venture out to adventure in this bleak
world to see what next unfurls
[Music]
Wow nice sounds beautiful
thank you amazing flute playing come oh
all right so why don't you guys roll
porno where you want to be oh you want a
sufficient yeah yeah you guys should be
able to see yourselves on the map let's
go over this one more time before we set
everything into action yeah the palm
kind of confuses me yeah look at the
roofs the rooftops
I see the rooftops so we're here we're
gonna be shooting when we see tavington
get to this area right here yeah you
shoot from that we're gonna shoot here
at the same time on Gerald spark and
then after both of our bolts hit we're
gonna run
we're gonna get visible we're gonna run
West take these horses and we're gonna
go to little Bobby ship there a little
Jimmy ship and we're gonna get on the
ship we're in a dick out we should put
the horses further away oh I think we're
gonna be able to be able to put them
somewhere instead RV I'm just creating
the lancet I'll be coming your direction
yeah okay
so our goal is to shoot tavington light
them up as much as we can and then we're
going invisible and leaving yeah tell us
a fireball we envisioned we get out yeah
pearl are you able to conceal yourself
like that yes I can I'll make us both
invisible and they'll give you a parting
inspiration I'm so useful
all right again special it gives you one
d8 on your next whatever you choose in
the next 10 minutes or another when I
give it to you
wait there's me 1 to 8 what like extra
damage it could be a tactile ability to
check saving down okay so basically to
hit wait real quick how do we feel about
tavington being like here when we do it
can I cast my um my hex blade curse like
at this range yeah is that okay yeah but
it's not a goal poison
what's like cursed it gives me a lot of
damage but I need to do it in 30 feet to
cast it what action can you as your
second attack a bonus action or a
regular action
welp um you can attack with your packed
weapon twice instead of once whenever
you take the attack action on your turn
it's what thanks turns rates on its own
damn that's super strong
wait so here what yeah so like right
basically like as soon as it hits that
line I guess right as soon as he gets
under the contract well the issue is us
getting over I guess well I guess we'll
be invisible be able to go around
eventually so okay do you think that's
fine drilled here instead what let's see
how he said let's look at the setup yeah
so this is going to be the the force
that is arriving ahead of him and then
he'll be on we have an issue of fireball
no there's no issue a fireball range
unlikely if we shoot here right now it
does have a shoot I can shoot or any oh
he can shoot it further back oh so a hit
okay well that's this is just a forward
group right our goal is only to kill
tavington okay right the death spot is
right here for tabbing correct so you're
gonna have to do your fireball back you
yeah that's fine I mean like if I
fireball it's gonna be crazy this is
good the houses are gonna fall down like
they're they're not able to stone that
real the real problem we have is the
nights that are ahead of us
they're gonna come back but Lily real
quick can you tell me what is Bartok
inspiration do exactly can you like
placed in a shack 1 da to your hit role
wait what do you think you have to to uh
I use a bonus action and give you a dice
that's what this is in the next 10
minutes Billy took we're singing okay so
I get to add one 1d8 on to anything I
want
yes yeah okay cool cool okay just can't
use it the guttacore he shoots
no after but before I declare whether it
hits or misses is so good okay cool god
so this is more or less gonna be what it
looks like when he arrives there's gonna
be this long
procession of people all of which will
pass you tavington is going to be the
colored one the red green blue one and
then there will be more units behind him
oh by the time they arrive in the
position there's going to be all sorts
of soldiers in the city already already
have passed us yet yeah so here's an
idea why I just detonate a fire ball
here and then knock down the rubble so
these soldiers can't get back to us and
then run wait what no no no just fire
let's just kill Tommy that we if we're
going to visible we should run easily
there's nothing I can do right even if
it takes a while to get to little Bobby
because we're like have to go around
this river or something like eventually
I don't think we probably get caught the
problem where the problem is the wizard
what is he gonna do cast detect magic
everywhere what are we assuming that he
has prepared there's a lot he can do we
can do it really as soon as like we're
fire bowmen dipping where's the wizard
for the is going to be see there's
another set of Squires which will be on
horseback
it's like horse wires will use these ax
men for the Squires
have two Squires and then we're gonna
have a wagon with the wizard on it oh
[Music]
shoot also listen I never considered a
weapon summoned via your pact it counts
it for all intents and purposes is a
magical weapon what about a crossbow
shooting bolts are the bolts non-magical
how does that work it might not be
relevant here I guess what I don't think
it's gonna be relevant here but I think
cuz like for instance there were some
creatures where if you attack them with
a magical weapon you do normal damage
but other weapons were half damage I
don't know what bolts would count as I'm
a magical weapon I think olds fired from
a magic bow or considered magic for
purpose of hitting their enemy okay
sounds good okay what a fireball impact
be enough to blow the bridge in theory
if I had to probably not it's a solid
stone bridge okay maybe if you hit it
like just underneath it in the right
spot it might blow the bridge but you
would certainly piss off every person in
this town and any surrounding area for
all time I don't leaf we're only playing
in and out of town
sadly sounds like my style alright so
everyone knows your plan I'm saving
private ryan' in this stuff man yeah
think we got it then the last thing that
we've got for you from Wyatt once he
gives you the poison is he wants he has
a student in Wyatt mm-hmm there's one
more thing I know you're taking off
after this getting the hell out of Dodge
which you ought to but I have a cousin
in strom hime who's got a rather large
amount of money he's trying to move back
here
you can't get it out on his own that
place is a mess if you can find a way to
bring him and his wealth back here I'll
make sure you get a handsome cut from it
what's your cousin's name Grendel
Grendel what tone trauma in Strom pine
we need to go there anyway to rescue a
wizard come oh yeah only reason I'm
telling you this is because I know
that's where you're headed
we're heading will absolutely take that
on shouldn't be a problem for us and we
need to bring that him and his money
back to fend in' he nods that ideal okay
so you're gonna get a message in your
head from me at some point later and
then you can respond back and we're
gonna ask you what happened to fend in
okay will do okay it's not safe you
don't bring that money here all right
we'll ask you if they'll keep it you can
do a wry smile if you can check in with
me then you won't need to know right now
but so you just in case something
happens to me see you can find Grendel
in tavern called
busty barrel it's one of the cheaper
taverns in Strom hi
okay got it what size shoe do you wear
I don't know I just go to the tailor and
he makes me one we don't have
standardized sizes because we don't have
sounds like an inefficient system nice
revolution world countries thanks Ari
what was that word mechanized mechanized
interesting okay are we set up
I believe you're set up and all you got
to do is wait for the thing to happen
okay as soon as he hits the concrete
that's when we plan on going um so for
this poison do I have our two of my
bolts poisoned or how does this work
yeah so I think what's gonna happen is
you're gonna have to sit up ahead of
time well before they get here and set
up some sort of like tray where you can
have the bolt sitting in poison so you
can fire them one after another without
having to like stop and dip them right
away so they will both be poisoned right
away and there's no accepting the poison
gotcha I understand how many doses can
we get on a bowl one so we're having
three doses dearie
yeah but this is lethal poison this is
very lethal poison yes he should die
yeah he should die and if he doesn't die
a fireball will probably make hooter if
the bolts don't kill them and the poison
doesn't kill them then hireable ought to
[Laughter]
same Private Ryan all right so let's get
everybody in position do I want to take
a little break before you do this fight
or do we want to go out right now okay
this is gonna be huge this is probably
the best we've ever planned something
else yeah it really is
I don't think there's any way any of
this can go wrong no boy he's gone soft
let's take a break
[Music]
you
what's up Lois um I just I know you're
joking
that's right already good joke way to
ruin it Lily I got it
[Music]
super alive then yeah hello everybody
welcome back to gnomes Thomson catacombs
when we last left off we were about to
engage in an epic plan against what's
happening and his army of knights let's
see what this coop has in store for us
today let's do it you guys have been
hiding on these rooftops in the very
best positions you can get why don't you
all give me hide checks Oh real quick as
I was preparing these bolts right I
imagine I have to prepare two bolts
right yeah all prepare one and then I'll
teach pearl how to prepare the other I'm
just gonna mess it up okay can I call
you come on 2010 what I never had a
nickname before but if you insist of
course all right um what we're rolling
for a high in stealth check it's the
same roll all right these are all far
more than you'll ever need
so you are definitely well hidden up on
these rooftops the army comes marching
in a company really not a full-fledged
army and you see the Knights first trot
past you then the soldiers come there
are plenty of past civilians standing by
applauding clapping because there's you
know an army riding through it's
something to be festive about wait is
the three a lot of money in here the
three dot thing is that tavington that
is okay if you're giving us our
explanation you're not just gonna like
oh he walked by while I was describing
everything and you guys in this kitchen
okay just mentioned okay but don't we
also want to engage him a little bit
further back on the bridge nope we
absolutely want to do it exactly where
we agree yeah why because that was the
plan it puts it it puts it in range of
my head's curse but that's why yeah
yeah okay 30 feet I give them the Bartok
inspiration now I'm right yes yes I
don't think I got the cross bone my girl
who you should also have to pay 5000
Coppa for it okay fifty gold put in
crossbow press happy cry gold right
no it's fifty gold oh that's fine he
doesn't have the money I do have the
money called I picked up earlier copper
with an amazing system heavy crossbow
you you should have it on your sheet as
it doesn't attack now alright so what is
the signal Gerald it's a little like a
snap spark behind the chimney cross all
right
the spark goes off captain Barbeau kuhmo
make your tax at advantage here we go
2200 is gonna woo there's a good sneak
attack because you have advantage for 86
yeah each plus 6 is 14 kuhmo can I get
your first shot okay so I've cast my hex
plates cursed correct mm-hmm
okay so this would be shot 120 one's
gonna hit 416 damage and then my second
shot mm-hmm 21 will hit for Wow 17 plus
six right wait 17 plus 6 USB 17 don't
you do 6 necrotic as well no no no no no
necrotic not you say no no chronic um I
will be using I'm gonna use my Eldridge
just might here though to add damage I
can do I think this twice okay what
about Lily's parting inspiration did you
want it to be a two-hit I can add it to
my elder smite damage this verdict
inspiration go to damage
what didn't she say get out it's like
almost anything she said it was either
damage Oh
cutting words can decrease damage but I
think Bartok inspiration only buffs
attacks I can't I can't use that to us
I can never buffin I talked to a crit
right okay
then these are my two attacks and
Eldridge damage and tell me tell us all
what elder smite is once per turn when
you hit a creature with your packed
weapon you can expand a warlock spell
slot to deal an extra 1d8 force damage
to the target plus another one to eight
per level of the spell slot and you can
knock the target prone it is huge or
smaller so since I cast every spell at
level three since I'm a warlock it's 48
damage from an elder just might and then
it uses one or two spell slots and you
hit your fireball island how's he
looking Kovu well he takes three bolts
in the chest and falls backwards off his
horse hitting the ground heavily and now
he needs to make three special
Constitution checks for this poison one
to firebomb please three alright he's
rolled some checks he won't know the
effects for him but I've rolled them is
lying on the ground
he said the owl is right over him will
mean is he bears this thing
wait wait what is he dead do we know is
he has he died how do you know so we can
shut the [ __ ] up so I have except not
you clever say so I have hex plates
cursed when something dies it heals me
so if you're cursed target dies you
regain hip when to able to your warlock
level plus occurs much so if he's Jedi
will know that I'll know at least maybe
except full HP I won't feel like
refreshed okay before this fight I had
Lily poke where it you're really gonna
learn me that way no way no way
absolutely that people can feel magic
yeah no way I would absolutely no I
would feel my okay okay
time he was fuming hmm yeah he falls off
the back out see no but it was the
highest amount of damage you did in one
blow 17 and 16 that has 33 points of
damage I'd made what is level fighters
average each
so no he is not dead he is making death
saving froze fire erupts from my hands
and a fireball straight in surging water
right I was standing throw he's prone
wait give me your location for your
fireball were you targeting it where's
the salad it's gonna be a backer back
radius
I do like where's my radius key how do I
draw it
I need a circle the circle with the the
thing that looks like the real sign
minus the head just give me a fireball
circle okay so it's something like this
I think it sounds good could I move it I
can't let you move it I can't give it to
you to move unfortunately drop it back
so that it's just behind like just just
just to just touching tavington as he
falls off the horse backwards right so
drop it right here a little bit further
yeah because he's falled off the horse
right so right after the horse is moving
forward he's falling back this is the
end this is the spot so you hit him here
and we'll meet your fireball damage 86
hotty guard both the Squires the wizard
on the next cart with the driver the
oxen the Cardinal Romeo damage I think
that's it
it's quick the fireball button right
where does a fireball button that's
great I love gentle spell she oh I do
I never clicked the fireball button hang
on that's exciting alright is my
favorite button now here it goes whoa oh
right 30 additional damage at this point
you can tell he dies because this is
another two failed death saving throws
on top of the one failed death setting
though he took her your last blow major
tavington colonel tavington is certainly
dead as are the Squires
as are the oxen the wizard is probably
dying The Bodyguard
is probably alive but badly wounded
major Donovan is definitely dead there
was another childhood I think the owl
was there to help and then got
fireballed right away since everything
was happening in one place but you can
reach some in your owl later
yeah butch and my little prettier I'm
running over I'm hopping in Barbara's
backpack and I'm blush then this point
we all need a roll [ __ ] initiative
because everyone is on alert now so
click your tokens roll your initiatives
we will give these guys a groove and
these guys are groove and these guys are
groove where is the spellcaster right
now can we see him I will give you a
snow caster I feel like I rolled pretty
[ __ ]
war castamere
the spellcaster is here and is presently
you did third I guess he gets a saving
throw
probably disadvantaged because he can't
see it coming he definitely fails to
saving throw so he takes 30 damage and
he's in huge trouble
I don't think a six level wizard how
much HP do you have Gerald I have at
let's do how much HP do I have like
twenty eight twenty eight yeah I don't
think he's gonna have it five times
three point five plus six plus six here
ooh he's right on the edge of being
conscious or unconscious I need a roll
bunch of dice
I mean he's also in a burning cart yeah
all right he is unconscious as well so
grenades down okay all right Knight and
guard this person and this person and
they will roll shitty they will roll
super shitty on their initiative all
right party Gerald you're the first one
to go war caster baby run over to Barb
Oh hop in his backpack to touch him and
cast invisibility
boom the two of you are invisible barb
oh I I whisper to barb Oh barb oh if you
think there's an option there's a spell
book on that wizard but if not don't go
for it on fire hmm how on fire heavily
on fire where was the where was the
majorette he's marked on he's on the
wagon alright I'm probably back jump
right back will not jump a leg go down
graciously
I got their new fee to move spin uh yeah
but if you're climbing down these things
quietly and trying not to attract
attention to yourself be a good Nocturne
yeah it's probably good you're probably
to be moving at half speed so or they
might have speed so what is this this is
like 1530 that's half your movement
let's say to get see that's finally cool
oh wait okay already a pipe action I'm
just gonna put Gerald over here and
we'll just know if he's in your backpack
yep yeah all right next up are the
Knights and they immediately begin to
fan out we'll just have the knight hub
the group's go actually that'll be
better
so this Knight shouts the roof roof and
the guards begin to circle as far as
they can how far can you go you can go
30 and then probably another 30 if
you're just moving this one's gonna come
over to here here here here here wait
could they tell where it was from I mean
a fireball streaks towards him right way
they were looking this way though they
were we're looking this way they hear
explosions behind them so they assume it
does poorly on the perception check it's
pretty tough sell that they would know
where the could have been it's a
hundred-foot spell it could have been
like yeah actually they did poorly on
their perception checks I think these
guys spend this round searching that's
what they're doing there they're looking
around for sure
no question um gerald cast invisibility
right he hops into barbosa's backpack so
you only test it once
yes right if I hop on Takuma was back
can I only test it once no no it's uh
it's just a weird thing where he's we're
using an inventory item to go invisible
so like so yeah in your case you have to
touch a creature but you just cast it a
higher level to do the same thing it's
[ __ ] Vanilla's yeah okay yep all
right so the guards are fanning out
looking for the source of the explosions
they probably didn't even hear the
crossbow shot
say you know it's crossbow shot crossbow
shot crossbow shot boom yeah kuhmo you
were next
I mean I have to wait for pike and I
picked her all up and like put her on my
shoulders wait wait how small is pearls
character this is like Gerald sighs
right almost
yeah I have a 340 pounds three feet tall
yeah his weight rules are very
unforgiving don't think you want to do
this wait okay wait hold on let me just
have to see how much okay 40 pounds yeah
actually that's easy I can do without
even being encumbered okay yeah then I
pick up you're a little bit too big how
much gerald how tall are you I'm very
I'm like very small yeah how much you
weigh without her my total weight right
now is 28.3 within 40 pounds but he's
also got nine boys picking her up he's
got nine straight how you lying against
me because I just can't imagine with his
weight rules you ever been care I'll
cast invisibility twice but I still want
to pay you back yeah if I get look I I
added 40 huai boo can confirm I added 40
pounds my shaded fits no I'm not a
covered at all 68 yeah with nine
strength he can cuz I don't even think I
can carry like sixty pounds he's
slightly carrying her what it is fine
nope I'm doing it cuz you helped me
prepare bolt okay um
oh wait I am encumbered oh why didn't it
update before okay that's okay I'm
sliding cover that's okay okay so I mean
I pick her up and then I guess I can
move you said 25 feet you can use your
oh 25 and then I can hop off here I
guess sure yeah I know yeah maybe I
should actually like wait I'll wait at
the edge here for her to Cassie
invisibility next round
so if I move to kuhmo I casted
visibility on kuhmo that's my turn I
can't do it to myself
you cast invisibility at a higher level
and then you can touch both of you yeah
okay so using one of your third level
spell slots you can cast it on each of
you and you will both turn invisible I'm
going to mark the invisible people with
did you jump on his back yeah no yes no
you should be I'm carrying you right
okay yeah you're carrying her that's
fine then how much weight does Lily have
on our cake weight how much weight you
have in your character oh my bad yeah
well you're carrying it I'm interested
so she's 56 pounds now okay I have 56
pounds added it says I'm just encumbered
my way to say eighty four point three
five each time you all right perfect
The Bodyguard not the bodyguard the
second-in-command goes now this is the
guy that was standing right next to
colonel tavington he makes his
perception check and advantage and still
watches it I think he was like picking
up a water skin or something when all
the explosions went off and he failed
his dexterity saving throws so he's
blown off with his horse as well he's
getting to his feet looking around
drawing his sword and then runs to
colonel tavington side and tries to
resuscitate him tries to bind his wounds
he makes a successful medicine check but
it is too late
colonel tavington is deadsies and he's
able to be over here without being
burned by fire and stuff right oh the
concrete's not on fire right the
buildings are but as we saw the the
fireball mostly hit back in this
direction so he's okay for now the guard
patrols ahead we'll also start fanning
out they didn't see anything from that
way
they don't notice where it comes from
either they're all professionals though
so they will begin to fan out and look
for a source of enemies so they spread
the brick out
something like that and the Squires go
did they see anything inside the
bodyguards go they did not see where you
guys came from either none of them beats
your what was that 13 stealth check that
you have that was the lowest yeah 13
none of them can spot you guys so they
will dismount and also try and help
colonel tavington or look at bet what's
going on back here maybe one of them
comes down this alleyway look just
looking for something looking for
anything the rep head roads are all
blocked off and we'll come back to the
nexus person which is Gerald who's in
bar Beau's backpack so we'll skip them
and go down I'm gonna I can do something
yeah I am going to create a silent image
of like a like a little gnome like
rushing away from the scene in like a
enlightenment like like like maybe this
guard like sees it and this here I'll
show you and like he's gonna head like
this way into the into the farm one okay
you want to make a silent image over
there yes no I can't see that because
your own bar Beau's backpack right so
you can't see through this building what
about like here and then they can go
that way somewhere over here or whatever
this guy'll spot at scream out yeah yeah
well do that so he's gonna be like he's
gonna be like over here instead and then
rush this way alright I got a voice
lowering question for you are you ready
some rules lawyer yeah this is gonna be
rough yeah it is alright invisibility
says a creature you touch becomes
invisible until the end of the spell
anything the target is wearing or
carrying is invisible as long as it's on
the targets person yeah that ends for a
target that attacks or casts a spell so
if you don't like an invisible person
yeah another person in your backpack and
that person in your backpack cast a
spell does it break invisibility for the
invisible person no way it wouldn't but
the thing is I can't even
I saw an image anyway because it's
actually concentration so I'm gonna is
concentration so I basically am NOT
gonna risk that like I I just I keep
forgetting about concentration but
that's why I didn't take the action as I
was looking at everything so yeah I
don't think there's anything I can do
but but to answer your question I would
I would I would think that it would not
break the other person's invisibility so
you're saying if we did magical if
somewhat and champions with gnomes in
their backpacks and all these are
principle you could have an entire army
of invisible archers that never break
invisibility there's a huge video about
this I feel like you can see the gnome
inside as long as like because they have
to somewhat open the back so there will
be some aspect of it like to be able to
be safe so if we have to open the
backpack to look out then you see the
little gnome or something but I don't
think the whole here yeah that makes
sense
yeah so I'm gonna so you're right I'm
going to I'm gonna set that's my turn
unless you want to give me to Ian vis
from Malachi now I'm stealthily walk to
here mm-hmm
and then I think that I'll end my turn
right there so you carefully move to the
edge of that building yep okay if I move
to here okay the night still doesn't see
anything shouts to her men to spread out
shut down the city someone close down
the bridge and two guards will run
through the flaming mess bravely trying
to push past carts and waggons alike and
make it for the bridge they can only get
this far this round though
stay there one of them will try and
resuscitate the mage on the next round
maid should have made a saving throw he
fails those guys fail everyone's almost
dead these guards will spread looking
this one's gonna burst into that
building this one's gonna burst into
that building these to come into this
this one comes into here kuhmo it's your
turn
fifty feet of movement I believe will
take me here sure but you are on the
third floor right now so chum falling 30
feet that's 3 d6 falling damage both
what are you okay wait for both of us
shouldn't just be for me because she's
on my shoulders or whatever wait
all right I go ahead Lily can I cast
feather fall it have to be another trick
braixen vis doesn't it if you take the
eye magic breaks and Vince no you don't
do that casting a spell breaks
invisibility can't we like how much
movement is to climb off of this you can
slowly climb down with the climb check
if you'd like and you can make it it's a
third you're on the rooftop of thirds is
30 feet below you you climb to the
bottom with a successful climb check
okay and what is climb can I do
acrobatics for that yes acrobatics or
athletics 14 that is good enough you can
scale down the building with little
pearl on your back okay and then I can
do a 25 feet of movement in one
direction oh no that'll take you move
down at half movement so it takes all 60
feet of movement to go down here or you
get most of the way and drop the last 10
okay gotcha
okay okay pearl it's your turn you're on
kumo back I'm just chillin cool uh V
who's this this guy's going to try and
he's gonna come over and take a look at
the mage see what's going on with the
wizard try and fix him he will stabilize
the wizard but he needed the Wizards see
invisibility spell which is why they
brought him
we're dealing with a nomu wizard that's
not gonna help him right now he can't
heal him with anything he will move on
further the rest of these are the guards
who are now searching all the buildings
including climbing to the rooftops of
them but it'll take them a while to get
all the way to the rooftops place is
swarming this guy cruises along here
looking around heads down to the river
we will have him dismount and just wade
out to this if you can make a strength
check he does looking from that side
Gerald it's your turn pass some weight
for Barbra Barbra what let's get out of
here this is never move this person
since last round oh yeah
this guy would have come down here and
is checking this side of the river and
looking all around there we go I come
down this last ten feet okay I man
where's the drop down right yeah you can
lower and drop that'll take okay cool
you know 10 feet of movement or so um
and then I'll go 50 feet okay yeah go
for it yeah um give me a stealth check
we had advantage because you're moving
past these guards you're invisible
you're still making some noise Thanks oh
my god you're fine you sneak on by no
problem the in a here wind in the other
way all right these people are still
generally searching this area all over
the place so kuhmo you're next um okay
um what's my with Lily um I can do 50
feet of women yep okay then I will move
in this direction
all right and there are some people
nearby give me a stealth check at
advantage because again you're invisible
but you're still like tromping across
grass and over bushes and [ __ ] 21 is a
great invisibility stealth check they
don't spy you pearl just cheering all
righty I think we can almost step out of
combat here the one of these Scouts is
going to guys
Squyres is gonna head back and grab the
cleric I'm further down that's been
hanging out inside a building they're
not a building in a on a wagon but won't
have a third back in time and that
brings us back to barb oh you mean Joan
yeah um
it that what you're saying will work but
you're crazy to do it
oh it's Giuliana where we're going this
way
is it okay yeah all right you guys are
going everyone is searching I don't
think how far are you from that guy no
now you already made a twenty-one on
yourself Jack you're fine let him roll
one CV rolls in at 22 see it's 27 oh you
meant him say yeah see him the guy rolls
in at 20 to see us make it exciting okay
rolls at six I think you guys can [ __ ]
off in this direction I'm gonna give
them one more check to see if someone
kicks up on your footprints or picks up
on something else somewhere else does
anyone have an employment good d24 this
one anyone no no it's not good enough go
back to your pit you guys can make it
down the river you find out at the docks
that little Bobby will general Jimmy
owns yeah
I'm gonna go and find little Bobby uh
well you get down to the docks you you
see the bar you see the ship that you're
supposed to be taking it's got little
Jimmy and a few other people on it they
seem to be the boat seems to be ready to
go they're kind of just standing around
waiting looking up the river at the fire
burning from the house ain't near the
bridge we're ready to go where's Bob
let's get out of here he starts looking
around going who said that where are you
show yourself and pulls out a saber I'll
uh come out of invisibility with the
yeah we drop Mac we drop invisibility he
dropped the invisibility he spots you
and waves you on in and into the hold
and as soon as all four of you are in he
kicks off the ship and it pushes where's
Bobby he's here
can I see him he's down in the hold
somewhere he kind of I need to see him
he's very important all right
you find little Bobby curled up in a
coil of rope with a black eye and a
broken nose what do you learn little
Bobby that I'm a little [ __ ] and I need
to get stronger sounds about right I'll
cut his rope I don't know he's just like
a rope is coiled if he's sitting in it
oh you didn't even get out of it I'm
just gonna say yeah come up when you're
feeling good all right and you guys can
hop on your boat and head down the lam
dune river okay you start making your
way down the river and about 20 miles
downriver Little Jimmy comes down to the
the holes where you guys are and it says
I think we have a little bit of trouble
there's a ship coming after us I don't
know if they're coming after us or if
they're just coming down this way or who
they are there ain't flying any flags I
don't recognize her how often is it that
a ship would be in them in the ocean not
playing flags that would be like easy
rivers
remember visible so the smaller fishing
boats never fly flags okay all right
yeah what's that what size what size
boat is this
small smallish fishing boat but there's
some armed people on it
how many armed people - - I could see
mm-hmm are we able to outrun them
well how Rana hold on I mean can we go
up and take a gander at him and see what
they look like I mean I mean there yeah
there we shouldn't be too worried they
might just be message to do something if
they're actually people that are gonna
attack us I'm gonna blow up the boat can
I run up and then try to get an eyeful
like well how far away are they with how
fast our navigators schools and good
perception
yeah can we use like the scene I think
oh wait I can send my deck and take a
look they are maybe 400 feet behind you
on the river slowly gaining on you
they've got a smaller craft and they are
you know pushing and pulling their way
down here now a little bit of a bigger
ship so it's gonna move a little bit
more slowly can I take a perception
check on them yeah give me a perception
check 18 passive they looked like armed
guards a knight and a squire one of them
the squire has a crossbow the Knight has
a sword and is standing up the proud the
ship impatiently tapping his foot are
they aware any tavern concealers yeah
they're wearing his colours but there's
only two of them maybe we should just go
to the bottom of the ship and
invisibility it up again wait let's just
slow down see what they want it's only
two men it's two men and we have an
entire group on board and I can blow
their boat anytime yeah okay let them
come towards it
Little Jimmy looks at you credulous li
you want me to pull over for him no let
him catch ya yeah
so he tells his crew to stop paddling
and eventually they begin to catch up I
would like to know before in the Botes
within like whoa oh okay so can you tell
me when the boat is about a hundred feet
away sure do you get to 100 feet yeah I
who goes there
the man in the front shouts ahead and
boys of colonel tavington we're looking
for people who have left
Fenne dead pull your boat aside we need
to board my hand lights up wait a second
you're gonna fireball the boat why not
um is our boat faster than them are they
really catching up wait how large is i
how large of their boat how many people
are reasonably connected to be on our
boat you have a fairly large ship
because you're actually going out to sea
and traveling all around this is just
like a little boat that goes up and down
the river so they you know they can move
pretty quickly something doesn't feel
right
why would these two men think they could
pull us over guess we're never gonna
[ __ ] yeah cuz I'm gonna blow that [ __ ]
up I don't think we know I don't think
we need to fire them ask them like what
like why are we pulling over what do
they want I will shout ass
no no what what I know heat I'm not that
sure they know who I am
exactly just let him climb aboard and
I'll [ __ ] take him out it'll be real
quick Kenny Cohibas soft he's not gonna
[ __ ] with us yeah sure let him well
we should blow the boat from a distance
if they climb aboard and they're like
super mages or something like it was we
should be able to ascertain of this
super mages it was a night in square I
looked at him whoa Jimmy Jimmy we
should--we pull the boat over aside a
little hop on it we'll see what they say
we can rob them it's good metal even
though rob them Jimmy isn't that your
job it's not what you guys do out here
we could rob them they would be like us
boarding them but even easier I like the
back later they're bringing the treasure
to us oh that's so much better why don't
we do this all the time he slows his
boat down enough that the other boat
pulls alongside the night reaches over
to the Rayleigh because your ship is a
little bit higher I'm hiding by the way
I'm taking full cover somewhere and I'm
like out of sight huh what I'm asking
okay all right there on the rail pulls
himself up and scrambles on to your deck
while the other boat just like latches
on and trips beside you
the man looks for you and looks to mate
who is you that you is Kubo kuhmo okay
cool oh okay guy she's been talking to
him thus far looks between the two of
you and goes kind of looks at Jimmy
who's got the the trappings of the
captain and seems to be like walking
like a caption lawyer sort of you know
got your land legs still on it seems a
little bit confused but looks at you as
if you're in charge and says uh-hmm
you just left Fenton didn't you bad we
did why why not what's your business
where is where are you bound what do you
think our business is I don't know
that's why I'm asking in the name of
colonel tavington i order you to tell me
where you're going
don't take orders from colonel tavington
what business do you have boarding our
ship with two men colonel tavington has
been injured in a botched assassination
attempt could I um I I kind of like stop
looking at him and I kind of look over
at their boat like I'm just kind of like
eyeing what's on it it's mighty brave
for two men to step aboard the ship of a
bunch of people accused of killing a
colonel than his crew I haven't accused
you of anything
I just want to search your ship for
those that might have stowed away this
is one little Jimmy steps up and goes
excuse me I'm the captain of this ship
and you're my prisoner and Little Jimmy
Ross's saber drama what do they have on
their boat do they have anything of
value or anything good at all or no the
other boat looks like it's just some
like random fisherman's boat that
they've co-opted okay I drew mine okay I
kind of like can I reach her with my leg
and just kick off their boat like I undo
the rope and just kick it off sure but
this man's on your ship on deck yeah I
know oh yeah and they've just got like a
little grappling hook attached to your
rail so you can kick it off it plops
into the water mm-hmm and that's when we
should roll initiative
okay can I see what is happening like
what is the size of about position over
people do you have a token for that or
can you draw something for us sure I
will make us a boat token yeah also
where's my character on the map I will
make them all up here I'll do it the
hard way then well Jimmy's a badass role
is Jimmy you should have still be Bobby
that's cute I feel weird about taking
Bobby from his parents probably so much
China just stole that kid umbrella done
okay here we go
look to the south over here this is
gonna be your ship and let's get you
guys on it it should be a little bit
bigger there we go that's almost the
right size
what's little Jimmy ships I'll look it
up again later I've forgotten its name
like I told you last time Barbeau Gerald
Anson and you should've made me I
remember I'm like undercover wherever
that nice yeah
and just in case it's not clear this
area all back here which you're about to
see is inside like that's the inner
section of the deck there's a these
stairs I build a closet and there's a
level above right or whatever yeah yeah
[Music]
all right so where is everybody
I'm gonna paint him over here chilling
oh you're gonna be I'm hiding but I want
to have wine aside okay so you're yeah
you're probably hiding right there
perfect
yeah yeah pearl where are you can I be
next to kuma totally okay I need no one
within five feet of me what my
initiative thing is worse it might be
way higher yeah wait didn't the squire
cry no no the squire has not come the
squire still on the other ship so that
[ __ ] what just happened should not be
possible because I have a five to
initiative unless you're right look at
day 0 20 plus 2 is what you rolled so
that's not right cuz I have a 5 yeah
that's not good where's your plus 5
coming from work and warm age oh that
just gives you plus 5 initiative period
in bonus which is 5 yeah it's a 5/5 you
you said you said it before okay
that's yeah I believe you oh you get
your in phonus to your initiative is
what work comes windows yes that's why I
took it
do you want me to be role it is zero no
no I will ingest your character sheet a
little bit later just add 5 to it
manually
can't find my little my little Jimmy
token where's he hiding
no y-you won't need it for much longer
oh wait now Ronnie said Jimmy not Bobby
better not kill Bob that guy's freaking
huge he is here and the night would have
been talking to the two of you pearl
probably would have been slightly bad
there we go this is perfect there we go
so the knight gets to roll initiative
sending and you get to roll oh this guy
move mighty close to Metheny turn you
get a deal with the square okay yeah
so there's another ship just off to here
with just the squire on it and it's not
doing anything the first person to go is
gonna be captain Barbeau flanking yes
that is flanking I'm gonna attack twice
with my short sword we're attacking him
are you doing lethal oh yeah hold back
lethal no I'm doing lethal okay
blocks gone I mean with the question I'm
do that 25 definitely hits the night
with 18 AC so that hits for 21 okay then
here's the second attack for 9 nice 30
damage won't pay and I have fancy
footwork now I was just gonna
pearl pearl yep um I'm gonna pick up my
rapier and charge at him
all right you go forward and step 20
will hit seven points of damage
BAM excellent kuhmo um
the squire should still be relatively
close to us yep can I take a shot of the
squire yeah 21:11 damage at least 14 con
to live he has 13 con oh so close no
wire takes shot in the chest and topples
backward onto the deck of the ship
unconscious unconscious all right and
then can I aim it the night I can't I'll
declare non-lethal with a cross but I
guess I'm trying to shoot his leg okay
okay yeah I think so um and then do I
get advantage on that if it's a bow I'm
if it's flanking or is do you only get
advantage of nailing just me away yeah
just met you 100% on that quite well yes
okay all right are you sure I don't get
advantage I'm sure you don't get
advantage you'll be late for 10 the 14
is Noah 14 doesn't know 14 does not hit
I'm sorry
if anything you should provoke an attack
of opportunity why does he set no Larry
no but I think if you're shooting
someone with the cross bubble they're
waving a sword in your face you're
likely to expose yourself in some way
and get it they'll get a free attack on
you that sounds like some homebrew stuff
but okay I miss my shot Gerald is your
turn mmm like white fire spreads for my
hands as I cast fire but no I'm kidding
[Laughter]
Iowa I will swipe a hand hey did you
hear the one about the gnomes he
couldn't find his
Tosh's hideous laughter on the night
alright night makes a wisdom save that's
right
eleven that's quite a fail and begins to
crack up laughing it was a good joke
it's pretty hilarious it's so hilarious
that the knight doesn't do anything on
their turn mm-hmm
it actually drops to the ground on hands
and knees chuckling to herself because
the situation's hilarious
she found the murderers and she's gonna
die to them too we should take her to
the holds in question or she might have
some information for us yes we can we
can tie her up or whatever Little Jimmy
makes his attack roll e oh he gets
advantage because she's prone nope but
still doesn't make his way through her
plate or no plate and shield and
everything and it rolls around to
Captain Barbossa turn we can tie her up
if you want I'll just knock her out
non-lethal all right give me roll the
hit you have advantage she's prone dad
uh twenty damage is enough to knock her
out she's down okay okay you want let's
get this boat moving let's get this RV
fishing boat poking his head out of the
little like fishing boat Hut is the
probably the owner of this fishing boat
the person who's actually steering it
and driving it in everything who pops
out sees the squire with a crossbow bolt
out of his chest looks over towards you
guys sees your faces and my ducks back
into the little hut on his turn down
there I'm gonna grab the squire the
owner for the man so you hop onto the
the other little boat yeah okay you can
do so it is slowly pulling away from you
guys but it's not waders night up no
wait I kicked about a thing off it's
slowly pulling away it's not away yet
you got enough time to kill him
it's only going a mile or two and I was
gonna blow the boat
I'm gonna knock on the door oh hello
is he open it No uh I'm gonna try and
open it you can feel the the knob turns
and pushes the like he's leaning against
it on the other side and lean him back
into a post strength strength Jack yeah
cuz that is just pure strength check how
do I every time baby who he rules an 18
I doubt he has I had a natural 20 you
might have 18 strength it's a
possibility
hold on to like the whole box okay you
push the door open
he stumbles backwards scrambles on his
hands and feet says I swear the Lord I
didn't I
they stole my [ __ ] I didn't have an
option and in Timmy I'm gonna ask him
how do you feel about Lords having I
don't I never heard of the man all right
now if you hop off that ship I'll take
care of it just let me know we hat
murder-hobos if there's anything that
Lockett taught me it was we don't kill
innocence you sir don't tell anyone of
this ah bring the man out here I don't
trust a man whose face I can't see
I'm not Ram I'm gonna grab the Swire
sack of potatoes bring him up on the
ship and like kick that guy's boat out
can I hop over to the ship well as he
does that you can hop on over to the
other ship no we're doing so well stand
in his way and be like we're not killing
it us we can't let this guy go he's
already seen our boat he knows the
direction we're headed and if it's
actually alright well I say we leave the
decision up to Jimmy Jimmy you're the
boat who's going to be identified as
soon as this man makes sure if you want
every person for on this land to know
that you were the ones that helped us
murder lord tavington it's completely up
to you but I think Jimmy's call Darrin
look and believe me
for sure make you the most noteworthy
pirate in all of offend ins general area
I think we could use a drunken fool
bring them aboard oh I am a silly hat
and he'll dance for us I'm fine with
that Jimmy you can go grab him kuhmo if
you really want to but Jimmy wants him
alive right you guys haul him up onto
the ship his own boat just get set
adrift you guys make it down the river
how old is this guy no the old boat man
Oh does he look like he can swim just
curious I don't know what that looks
like
he's a Fisher well like what is he like
[ __ ] [ __ ] like is his leg like
barely working like I'm fire ball team
that bolt once everybody's off it fire
bolting I'm inviting it on fire okay
fireballs fireball fireball fireball
like over leave no evidence Cheryl the
soul cheated move Gerald has changed
listen I'm a piece of [ __ ] okay all
right the lam dude river I have a
question for pearl here you ostensibly
came to sing songs and tell stories
about great adventurers and stuff what
is this story shaping up to be I'm
following a group of pirates pretty much
I guess hold on let me put my question
hello can hear me yes how this I'm a
little disturbed because like I didn't
know who tavington even was them poison
him kind of kill him maybe right not
just kind of but you know well the
Knights had a botched assassin attempt
right that's true so I thought that
meant everything was still alive it does
imply it but you're pretty certain that
you killed him this
is mixed information okay so I'm not
sure yeah so gathering peasants in your
world can't probably right right
most people are illiterate the vast
overwhelming majority of the population
is illiterate
how many people are on this boat how
many people are in Jimmy's crew there
are 12 people not including yourselves
on this ship not including yourselves or
your captives can I walk up to Jimmy
make a suggestion you can but he's
currently with the rest of his crew and
they're looking at like people's socks
and oh here's a colorful sock let's put
it on his head oh it's too small let's
yeah hi Jimmy as a man of the sea don't
you think it's only fair that this man
should at least prove he can swim if he
wants to join your crew years old yeah
what good is it to have a sailor right
here they can't even make his way to the
boat from sure if he needs to swim he's
not a sailor he's a fool he'll be my
jester then he falls off and drowns and
that's his problem not mine that sounds
fair to me
we still have tonight we got to talk to
her where is everybody position on the
bow right now she can confirm if
tavington is dead or not where is the
old guy position on the boat the old man
is now thrown in the in the under side
of the hole being tied to where the mask
comes down there okay sounds good yeah
so we have a captured knife you do have
a captured night eventually she will
come to in one day four hours that's
well before you hit Kirsch wick so later
that day you guys are on the boat and
you've got this night before you Little
Jimmy insists on being in on the Tara
Gatien nothing happens on
ship without his permission and of
course he's going to be here for it okay
mm-hmm okay che away yep she wakes up
what's your name
I am Cal winter that's a pretty name
Mike I'm sitting back against the kind
of corner of the ship just arms crossed
looking at looking on Kelly winter if
you had to bargain for your life with
some piece of information what do you
think you would offer us we're not gonna
kill you though I would say kill me now
Oh indeed if it's going to be like that
if we want to prevent something tragic
like all things we can solve this with
magic I start a ritual for read memory
the best fell in the world I can finally
use this fell in something for some
application she looks at the wizard and
back to the rest of you and says what
sort of witchcraft is this oh the most
darkest kind little Knight you are in
for quite a fright so you sure you don't
want to talk now or maybe your head goes
how were the Bloods aren't you know what
you're the ones who attacked him you're
the ones who tried to kill
we're the ones asking the questions now
what do you know I see why this one's a
warrior not a wizard
skee shucked her jaw tightly and glares
at all of you resilient mind and so I
shall I'm comparing the ritual okay ten
minutes later it goes off
and let's just take a look at was it
read memory yeah so this is our homebrew
spell - yeah well he's doing that can i
gag the night yes okay
what was the spell that we were pulling
from come to e1 yeah yeah I'm straining
to figure out which two we want it was
you don't happen to remember do you
don't know I don't sorry okay
that's my own fault for not writing it
down somewhere was read memory modified
memory emotion wasn't modify memory who
was the first person to cast this on you
do you remember I'm sorry uh yeah it was
the it was that wizard was a wizard in
the tongue yeah the one that we
delivered the giant - right right and
then he taught me it as a result of the
reward and we determined I'm pretty sure
we determined there yeah thank you
memory reads version saving throw okay
so he gets a saving for she gets a
saving throw against you a wisdom save
against my spell DC right good luck
which is what a lot I think it's at
least sixteen nope
five is all she gets that will not do it
good enough you can go ahead and parse
through her memories so what some let's
go see uh was she at the Battle of the
third the event certainly she was the
the first commander of infantry directly
in front of him in his gardens so what
start I'm gonna I'm gonna weave through
her thoughts and travel that can't the
channels of her mind and starts to try
to piece together in chronological
sequence what happened after we left
what does she see she immediately
started searching the premises then
wanted the higher ranking officials told
her to grab some men and hop on a boat
and she went towards the docks but then
there all these sketchy figures so she
sent the rest of her men through the
docks to buy
you know look for possible murderers
because it looked like there might be
murderers here while she and her Squire
hopped on a fishing boat and went down
she never saw tavington she never heard
about his condition the botched
assassination attempt is definitely a
lie that she is intentionally telling I
look for is there any other I look in
the like the annals of her mind I'm
trying to determine if there's anything
that she was commanded to do when she
came to fend in' why was she there in
the first place she is looking for a
Nome edge that was all she was trapped
an evil man she's got your general
description and that is you if you like
flip forward in her memories you can see
that the moment she woke up and spotted
you she recognized you for who you are
mm-hmm and so just traveling backwards a
little bit since she was a night of some
power does she have some rank right does
she have any does she have any forward
knowledge of what tavington was doing
and what and what his plan was
what was she told about that no she
doesn't normally work under tavington
she has been brought in as a knight sort
of like tavington borrowed some forces
from a nearby noble some ground forces
to like search the town because his own
Knights are a little bit too
high-ranking to do that sort of like
grunt labor so she and the rest of the
infantry were brought over to scour all
offended terror to shreds if they have
to looking for the gnome so she so she
was a hired mercenary noble knight I
wouldn't say a mercenary more like lent
from another noble right she's part of
the official dreck is military under a
different Lord who is friends with
tavington canny so she might Lauren yeah
I'm actually gonna need you to make me
like an intelligence check to parse out
that detail of information I can do that
um opposed by her wisdom for that level
of detail
No yeah she was she's a retainer to some
stats here for our friend for a lord
Mornington okay not great names you're
not just gonna make another villain now
that's Lord thorns head instead of Lord
tavington are you know so I will okay so
so she wouldn't have known anything
about what having was doing until she
joined on before that she has never
heard anything okay she doesn't you
murdered his son or at least she she has
her things you've murdered yeah that you
are directly responsible for the death
of tavington son okay
as I searched through the memories
anything else that I would need to that
I would I would find in general that I'm
not looking for sympathy
maybe emotional imprints that were
strong in her mind things like that give
me another in check okay yeah you will
get a sort of a fear sort of beating and
hurt she has a family and she is sort of
this sole breadwinner for the family her
husband is an artist and doesn't really
do much other than like paint and draw
and this war was her ticket to like make
some money for her family and set him up
and now she's worried about what's gonna
happen because her layabout husband
certainly is not gonna be able to
support her kids with the the art that
he produces alright put my Gerald puts
his hand over his head and pulls it
aside
sighs to decide looks to the rest of the
party this night has caught herself in a
lie lurid tavington did die she knows
nothing of that nature it was a bluff
and now this this night is I believe to
be innocent she has a family and
supports it herself I think perhaps we
wake her up and make some
sort of deal maybe it's not this ones
time to die there's been a lot of death
and maybe we should not waste another
breath what deal would we possibly make
with a night like this we should just
kill her and be done with it she is the
only one of her kind that supports a
family that's that that's is entwined I
kind of like look around like behind my
shoulders to see if he's talking to
someone else I'm sorry you must be
having mixed up with a man who cares
what business do we have with her life
for her children orphans are created
every single day how many orphans do you
think you created with that fireball you
threw back there in that town already
I raised my crust when I ready a bolt I
just loaded I haven't pointed it out yet
but I have a bowl of nobility from the
way she spoke could I know I have
something that I think could just
appease everybody how about we take her
tongue she can't talk about us she
doesn't know how to breed probably just
hearing her she doesn't know to read you
don't think she can learn to write why
would you risk somebody who can identify
us what is she gonna do right this is a
world
this is a world where at least I have a
very at this power it maybe stand to
reason that tavington soldiers have
majors have other similar abilities oh
my god you guys are Mort murder-hobos I
am I am no I look like you mo I am no
stranger to death my friend I just tried
it out to make it a trend if you are to
do this I shall not stop you guys I
raised my across when I pointed her face
her why it's possible if not we all die
is she so gagged what'd you say pearl
are we really talking about killing her
right in front of her you looked into
her mind she's just an innocent person
think about it each pearl if it's
between her life and ours would you
rather we die instead she comes back
brings an army at our heels and we run
away we'll run really far away they
can't touch us I've learned in this
world that you're still young you still
have much to learn but and you and I
I appreciate how much you yearn for
adventure but sometimes in this world
people die and the darkness covers the
sky and times there's no other option I
thought you were a man of action cow Moo
go ahead pull the trigger I'm sorry
pearl I suppose this will be a darker
chapter in our adventure and then I pull
the trigger
who hits her in the face she doesn't
dodge resist or anything you're at Point
Blank it goes through her and she will
bleed to death she'll fail sin death
saving throws unless someone wants to
specifically help her yeah I kind of
just stepped J I'll just sort of steps
aside and looks up at the hold of the
ceiling of the wood just tries not to
cut himself on Howard you this [ __ ]
scene is hollow
Jimmy goes over and picks her up by the
ponytail at the back of her head and
just lets her head float forward onto
the deck again and gets a smile and goes
good
you're my sort of people now I can trust
you all for a moment there I thought you
were a bunch of sniveling land-loving
sloppy faced cowards and he gives pearl
a specific like nasty look sort of
snorts Jimmy do you want to make Bobby
into a man bringing the fool over here
what do you have in mind we're gonna
have little Bobby kill him this is his
test kill who wait the old saying kill
my fool I need him he's gonna make me
laugh I'll get you another one I'm more
interested in what Bobby you'll do a
proper one you can find some other
person for him to kill this is my fool
Jimmy said he really wants that fool
alright I guess I'll find another
alright we've already done what we must
let no other Souls go to dust
welcome to the party learn a little
laughing welcome to the party
with that lock we make good decisions
real quick I know it seems just a
tasteful pearl but
I mean this night willingly joined the
cause I mean how many people do you
think she's slain in cold blood under
the orders of some ruthless Lord or some
landowner and how many families have we
ended because of our actions already
I've only been with you guys for it's
not about two wrongs making a right if
you want to defeat the opponent before
you you have to be willing to fight with
whatever tools they fight with I throw
my hands up in frustration and just go
walk to the edge of the boat to think
okay did this Squire die Cueva or was
able to lay stop the well I did rolls
checks for him fail wait we just lost
him we left him there for the last four
hours
flashbacks and we talked he can't you're
tuned into the factory what happened
Thanks so stay positive Midori would
have fit in with this party no Midori
don't you remember she started off as a
really nice wholesome cleric then people
started dying and then she'd be camel
emo and [ __ ] and and killed herself it's
gonna happen - pearl - no you always
have a choice in the direction of your
character yeah so the ship continues
down the lam dune River the journey is
quiet I believe in a tough day for
everyone where where pearl is because
she's eventually gonna be writing the
stories that people will know and sing
about these people so um um are you
using real names are you even writing
stories about this I am I'm writing
notes every day like it's like pearls
diary it's very crude there's like
drawings and stuff and it's like today
diary I found out I am travelling with a
bunch of murderers and I believe that I
may have helped out in one of these
murders and I am I am overwhelmed with
guilt I'm not sure if I should continue
traveling with them but as of this
moment I will to see what
this path will lead into maybe maybe
there's still hope for them you know
maybe they're not all that bad
I mean when I first met them they
weren't that bad stuff like that well
the the ship eventually makes it out to
Kirsch wick and briny Bay you'll make it
past Cox port and through the shallow
sea and eventually out passed out last
in a few days
how long does this journey take it will
take you I think the better part of a
week to get to your destination over in
arid on ok landing here landing here and
marching across and marching I thought
that's because you said yeah all of the
demons are this way so yeah yeah I think
that's what we had discussed we could
stop and try and Brook and tell locked
parents parents are up and rock waves
it's pretty far [ __ ] yeah
while we're uh while we're traveling on
here since uh I noticed that Perot was
so distraught over the last thing I kind
of like approach her and I say I'm sure
we'll travel what I'm writing furiously
oh yeah that's fine we'll find someplace
and I used to go after this I'm sure all
of our travels won't be as dark as this
was and then I kind of like slide her
like a little note because I still have
the parchment that she gave me and then
I drew her in another venture wait you
should draw her in you know I'm good
just like a nice place that we could go
to okay I take the parchment and just
kind of mumble things for that meaning
is I no good I'm gonna tell Bobby about
the ship and how things work and make
him swab the poop deck
sure sure I think this is probably the
appropriate place to end for today
I didn't know if you guys wanted to go
our full-time because it's getting late
for the East Coast people is there any
similar
yeah well Midori and billion well lily
and Devon what yep Lily's friend and
then that's up to Devon and I am here
I'm telling you guys all right 11 we're
minute let's take a short break well we
have 11 or 71 minutes okay wait yeah
yeah then let's just finish is there any
small stuff working yeah yeah it's
pretty good yeah wait wait so where are
we headed right now so we are we are
going to arid on and we are going back
to we're going to land and we're gonna
go back to storm hi him to try to rescue
URIs and also to follow up on why it's
for his for Grendel yeah so so in storm
hind URIs is being held captive by the
Queen and we're gonna try to talk to the
Queen to get him out of there and
hopefully that'll trigger some other
direction okay oh I guess there's one
last thing we can do is you wanted to
check in with Wyatt right once you had
gotten a certain distance away you want
to do that sure
yeah okay um Wyatt hello escaped
successful tabbing tavington dead on our
way to storm Heim
how are you alright and you will get
back from him
my people have escaped but venden has
been sacked wait that's it um no hold on
ten words he gets what 25 yeah and has
been sacked best to stay away for a few
weeks
I expect the crown to intervene that's
24 what's what it was the crown the the
ruling nobility clot the king the Queen
okay so we will leave with colonel
tavington dead venden having been sacked
by what remains of his army looking for
the gnome Wyatt and his crew escaping
you guys on your way to go pick up some
money get a good guy out of jail and
sort of piece together what's left over
your country I guess if you can really
call it your country mystery is still
waging war sorry brackets is still
waging war against mystery ax they have
overwhelming numbers and as soon as the
spring and summer warring season comes
along they will probably finish over
running the rest of mystery ax as for
what's happening in eridan who knows as
crazy dihn's all over the place and what
do we know anything about vicious last
you heard he was sacking copper Hill
okay yeah and then right now the crown
of domination is being held by the one
guy Malachi saris for us to access that
are we able to do that without him being
there like can we travel there and get
it or do we need an interaction with him
again to do it no I think you can
probably just go and talk to Jeeves yeah
okay gotcha
cool all right if you want to take us
out yeah well I mean this was episode 17
of gnomes Thompson catacombs yeah Devin
you wanna shot your stuff up
sure I am Devin Nash twitch.tv slash
Devin - I will be hosting the after show
even though it's late we're still gonna
be talking about a full recap of the
event on twitch.tv slash Devin natural I
will link once in chat if you want to go
there and get ready really and hope you
guys enjoyed the show we had a really
good time putting it on and much love
hope you guys had fun Lucas I just
follow my youtube try and do YouTube
[ __ ]
Lilly I haven't artists again it's
instagram.com / t comfy if you want to
look at my art inside so cool I'm gonna
follow it out and cueva blue Fridays at
3 p.m. Pacific for some critical
feedback if you want help running your
own campaigns or playing in your
campaigns or you need ideas for stories
or whatever
yeah wait that's not it it's not stay
comfy Chu it's just a cover here it's
not a comfy choose someone took your do
it you said 3:00 p.m. on Mondays or
Fridays Fridays wait 3:00 p.m. Friday
the PSD for quivery stuff okay well hey
thanks a lot for joining us I believe
that we should be returning to a normal
schedule next Wednesday we should all be
here with nothing going on so yeah
thanks for joining us have fun I'll
catch you guys next week
peace out
