can you address this video what
September
also I think that he wanted to go with
like Lily did you hear about that no I
didn't hear about that but that the line
TV house is gonna wants to go to Japan
and I guarantee you that he'll ditch you
and I he's gonna ditch two dudes for the
offline TV house I will bet you know I'm
a [ __ ] prophet watch watch I've
Nostradamus dude I'm telling you right
now they're all brokers amante and Lily
are like hey do you want to go to Japan
instantly he'll be like yeah okay
firstly I don't I have never heard that
offline TV's been on going back to Japan
if that's true that's totally news to me
secondly yeah yeah he's probably right
if they would but I don't think they're
going so not much we were just talking
[ __ ] about you yeah I don't think the
offline TV house isn't going to japan at
all well I'm just responding to what
[ __ ] wait where'd you learn this
heaven yeah from you on your stream I
said they'd gone before pokey and Lily
had gone before but I don't got plans to
go back you said that they were
interested in going to Japan and that
you might want to go with them I heard
on Ustream I'm pretty sure and I really
suppose any remember me saying I feel
like I feel like this is some fake news
could be I tried to tell him with the
clip but he's right though I might ditch
her that would happen so I'm not all the
new dating surrett okay I'm trying to be
connected I gotta get my Twitter back
arc then I'm getting desperate alright
alright you know what I'm just gonna
bring it out I'm gonna [ __ ] say it
right here what was up with that you
know I gotta say it I'm sorry I'm sorry
everyone agrees what was ups with that
[ __ ] interview that perfect
opportunity for you to show and what
happened wait which one
which interview have you done recently
that could have been good for us I mean
I was on riffles podcast I was on Hokies
podcast with Louie which what are you
talking about guys oh wait Whaley he was
he was on pokies podcast that was even
more of an opportunity probably to what
bothers me you have no idea but what do
you think we could be talking about
I mean I'm I have an inkling but I mean
I'm gonna tell you it you should know
exactly why I wouldn't we're on the
attack this morning yeah I made a
picture we want to go down that road
again - what - not talking about our
streaming platform you mean that one day
was supposed to be delivered in January
again listen okay listen to me you and I
are different people you have products
and services to offer people I have my
brand and personality if you say some
[ __ ] and it ends up not coming to
fruition
it doesn't matter you've got tinychat
behind you you've got the the hunt
you've got you've got actual websites
and services you've delivered all I have
is like my brand and my word so if I go
around and I promise a platform over and
over and over and over again that's not
being delivered it is like a serious
damage my credibility this is why I told
you I'm not and I'm glad I did it now
remember seven months ago when you kept
telling me that I needed to like
hardcore get people like on the platform
and [ __ ] and I said that I'm not really
comfortable doing that without an actual
product and hand at least a beta version
because it really makes me look bad to
over promise and under deliver hmm you
gotta take risks no that's not a
business there's a difference
risks are something that like I have
control over like that like a risk is
not a risk is an intelligent thing it's
like a poker bluff right people think
that a risk or a bluff is just like lol
I hope it works out it's a calculated
like you're pushing it way too much to
one direction all I'm saying is
breakfast time so tell me about your
website all you do is say yeah and one
of the things I'm actually you know
we're working on and we hopefully got
out soon is a thing to let streamers
have their own website you don't have to
be the [ __ ] we'll be out here in
negative nine what's the point of just
Blake it's my one handedly barely
mentioning that I don't think that does
anything for us it does yes it's
everything man like that like okay if
you're gonna create hype around this
event right
and apologies we've both been up for a
really long time so let me try to make
sense of myself here but if what this
whole events launch is going to be
dependent on sort of the hype and
expectation that gets fitted around it
and if you mentioned something like that
I think it generates a lot of passive
interest that could follow you to the
actual launch of the website yeah but I
don't want passive interest following me
when I have absolutely no [ __ ] idea
what the release dates what that doesn't
matter like this it absolutely does what
is a specific call to action where it's
like it's gonna be here on June 25th I
will release is just saying like when
someone like that gives you an
opportunity for a call to action that is
so obvious like he literally asked you
about your website and how you monetize
and like hey it's changed your
subscription stuff you could tie it into
like a one-sentence thing that was like
hey by the way like yeah I'm working
like not even that that's like corny but
like oh yeah like it's tying in to this
product that I'm working on right now
that's you can even say it's like it's a
little bit delayed but it's coming out
like it's like it's a thing I'm working
on I guess so it's just I don't see very
much potential positive there and then I
just see me like offering something that
may or may not ever exists I disagree
with like the hype thing I just like
hyping something when you don't know
release date and you don't have any
specifics and it may or may not come out
like I don't I just I'm not some been
doing this for years okay and it works
fine valve doesn't make games though
they have steam that's all that matters
to vote make games yes valve doesn't
make games their business model is steam
what was the last thing they did portal
to or I guess they kind of maintained
dota but valves business if you
understand this right pals business
models on game this is why half life 3
isn't ever coming out and in Portal 3 is
probably never coming out and I'm this
is coming of people like it's a basic
marketing thing what we're doing is
coming out okay like a hundred percent
it's coming out
it was more work than the expected
that's par for the Morris was on he
doesn't believe in the product if I do I
use okay okay oh okay
hey what you never never not argued I
don't know where you're going now well
because because I think you trying to
get my goat how do you say don't believe
in the product I literally use it every
single day like I used my website I make
money my website obviously another
product works but like we went from a
two-month release date to now we're on
month nine or ten or eleven okay I mean
we'd have to watch it again but it just
it seemed like you weren't even that
excited about your own website when he
asked about it like he was like so you
have your own website yeah I do I have
subscriptions which has that now and you
have your own chat yeah you know if you
remembered switches chat used to be
pretty shitty it's much better now in
kind of the end there and like you know
why would anyone give a [ __ ] about your
website like that why not be like yeah
my website is [ __ ] awesome well I
mean like this is a pretty aimless
podcast and we have like a lot of really
interesting things to talk about and I
didn't want to hear do to come out when
you smell opportunity we don't have
opportunity with our product Carson I
don't have anything to show anybody mr.
Boone was our one trial guy and his
websites been sitting dead for like six
months like I it just looks really bad
for me to do that it's like I think it
hurts my credibility allow if I am
sitting or like hyping a product up that
is like not anywhere it's not because
it's not that there's no harbors if
there's like no benefit it's not like
it's not like people gonna have they're
going all [ __ ] destiny made that product
or whatever like when we launched this
and we go to hype it assuming we do this
right it's not gonna be because some
random [ __ ] on live stream fails
there's some random dude and rekkles
podcaster it's because I'm gonna go to
Greek and I'm gonna sell them on the
idea and whether or not I mentioned this
on a podcast has no bearing on the type
of talent or influencer that I would
pull over to the platform I like I'm not
when we do the first lunch assuming we
still do this it's not just gonna be
like oh by the way here's this random
thing that was mentioned on rekkles
podcast it's gonna be like hey here are
three or four really big influencers
that I personally know that I can sell
the product on who are gonna give a [ __ ]
whether or not I mentioned it on a
random podcast or not that's that's the
same part your fear of right now like
you know having
go wrong is that really gonna go away
once it's launched then aren't you gonna
be worried no it's not that I have like
anything going wrong with my name or
anything like that it's just the idea
that I don't like talking about a
product that is like literal vaporware
right now like that I've just not come
to with that once I have like a product
to present then it yeah I'll talk about
it all day I don't care I get that but
that's the wrong thing like that's the
reason that we have things like III or
CES all these products and like have
them become vaporware but they all do it
because this is marketing that works I
know that I guess you know if you're
uncomfortable you're uncomfortable I'm
saying don't say that it's wrong or
anything like I need I would argue aware
that that's not marketing that works oh
there's plenty of companies that have
taken a lot of flack for over-promising
and under-delivering at e3 that that's
happened time and time again I don't
think it's fair to pretend that all of
that advertising is 100% A+ it might not
all be positive absolutely I'd agree
with you on that but I mean most of it
is the majority the vast majority I
think that the public tends to forget
those sort of negatives in this context
and I feel like everybody's gonna
remember watchdogs like the before and
after for the e3 promise there's space
there are a couple games that everybody
will remember like these were horribly
over-promised and yeah but we're talking
about this in context of your project
right like do you think that oh look at
know me your brand's just like over no
I'm just saying that hurts I couldn't
really look at no man's sky that game
was arguably like destroyed by the hype
like that game wasn't you're picking
like 95% of sit there is fine well 95
percent each other nobody cares about
I'm just thinking like the big things
that I remember like
I just I feel like nothing will change
like if we were launched today and it
was working and mr. Newton was happy and
everything was good you'd still be like
listen I don't really want to hype it up
yet until I know there's not gonna be a
catastrophic failure there's no [ __ ]
way that I'm gonna go and approach
someone like Greek god or [ __ ] Tyler
one or any of these guys until I know
that there's not gonna be a [ __ ]
disaster I'm not going to attach my name
to something they could get act to
something - this is the most but this is
like maybe the most [ __ ] thing I've
ever heard you say my entire life you
think that because I don't want to
promote a product that I don't even know
if it's ever going to come to fruition
okay a product that I had a one to two
months release date on that is now
stretched over like ten plus months that
because I'm not comfortable hyping that
up on podcasts that once we have a
physical product that works that I won't
go to individual streamers who sell them
as something that I currently use how do
you think those two things are
comparable well it's not just going to
someone in private and doing it I mean
yeah if they are comfortable like you're
first off we weren't asking you like
pipe it up or just say you're a mention
that you're working on it there is
benefits that you don't see any benefit
no thank you no I don't because when we
when we have our initial launch and we
reach out to the first few streamers
it's gonna 100% come down to me selling
it not whether or not they heard me talk
about an old podcast I don't care about
random people hearing about it in the
beginning the idea should sell itself
once a couple good test case exists for
it okay which is manet which is always
what might is my consistent like
philosophy on this has been let me ask
you this do you think that you hyped up
the benefit of your website by itself
when they asked that though your your
thing right there do you think that you
got people excited about your website
when they asked about it no not really
but again I don't think that's where the
conversation was like really going so we
didn't really spend much on it why
reinforce the idea that having your
website is like it's kind of okay it's
not worth it when you have the
opportunity like yeah my [ __ ] website
is awesome I love that [ __ ] it doubles
my [ __ ] revenue why it's like what's
the problem with even saying that to at
least you know I guess I just don't
really care when in terms of launching
our product not really think of reckful
audience I just don't really care what
like the random pleb like my my
philosophy this and they all repeat the
exact same they I've always said is that
I believe that it's an idea that once
there's a product it sells itself and
then I could sell it to any major
influence they're very very easily
assuming that it's working I don't care
about like random I just I don't know I
just don't think of like reckful x'
podcast or pokies podcast as platforms
where I wanted to get like clubs excited
for it that once I have a couple
you don't care about them you care about
the random other streamers who are
smaller who might be I don't care about
them over there what why would you not
care about because because the main
selling point is gonna be having
somebody else use it successfully and
then once that happens it's over I don't
need I don't need to sell oh that point
II should sell itself
hmm I love you harken
Parkton listen I'm gonna come down to
Miami I'm gonna bring some psilocybin no
you're gonna come to the other dimension
with me okay and then everything like
make sense
all right we actually had a long
conversation me and Evan had a long
conversation but let's get into that now
because we've me I've been apparently
I've been talking with Devon for eight
hours straight on a string okay wait
we've been up so long I don't even know
if I can even I'm ridiculous even when I
get all my slow yeah hold on I need to
send you a picture of something one
second do we have an ETA on mr. moon
calm though I've been paying that [ __ ]
for a few months early twice you've been
paying for a [ __ ] domain it's like
two dollars it's like off it's like 20
bucks dude I hear you paying on an
annual basis yeah that's $40 yeah
invoice me okay Steven a desk you know
Gigi all right all right that image I
just sent you on this bird hold on oh no
it's happening hey your path of Exile
play is looking better and when it began
are you on hardcore yeah of course hey
Ian oh hi
okay what am I looking at this picture
well I want you to blow that up and tell
me if that's how much mushrooms you took
um are these dried yes I think if
they're wet that's even worse for you
know as they're wet its way way less
potent everything that I it was drilled
if these are wet that means that the
amount you would have dried would be
vol oh sure well what's your plan what
about it do you have this much [ __ ]
yes they all the guy that he bought it
for they sold him an India individual
little baggies and whatnot and reckon
even brought his autism a little skill
and everything to weigh it out yeah it's
just insane that amounts but it is but
it but I went to places that I could
have never traveled to otherwise Arkin
iv9 yeah Devin you had thoughts here I
do but I think I want to I want to save
them for like an actual official
conversation on this matter when I'm at
like eight hours of sleep I think I need
all my memes to put you go one-on-one
with destiny here well it's just a
discussion when we go one-on-one are we
gonna debate our trebs we have to have a
serious discussion about this okay all
frickin week people have been coming in
my stream and asking me about this meme
so it has to be settled
wait what has to be settled do we
disagree on something right yeah wait oh
wait what are we disagree on I'm sure um
well if I talk about it now we're gonna
get into no you know I'm just curious we
disagree on you already told the stream
what you disagreed on with me you
already know it - oh there you wouldn't
have let me do in that many in the
beginning no I definitely would not have
but you're absolutely right on that that
for what you were trying to accomplish
dreadful was absolutely happen to be the
perfect person by accident I suppose so
though I have a lot to say about that
but no more that you you still claim
that you had no spiritual experience
whatsoever and that it was it was purely
was it platonic is the right word
well like a lot yeah okay
that that's what we're gonna fight about
what it's worth dude I think I had like
50 pounds on you when I took like a lot
and I think I took like three how many
grams that like 3.5 grams there's an
aether mouse which is like a really good
like big starting dose from what I've
read yeah so
I took like seven grams and it [ __ ]
destroyed me yes seven is supposed to be
like hero and beyond like that's like
yeah I think it like it destroyed me to
the level where like I was [ __ ] for
months like having vision issues and
like it just seems to we think for me is
that you seemed like yeah I'm alright
like the next day like you asked me
after the [ __ ] next day I'm doing
that [ __ ] I wasn't [ __ ] okay I
believe you did it but when I was
actually experienced it was easily the
most traumatic and horrible experience
my entire life like I don't I don't deny
that whoo yeah
I don't know if you had this at all like
when I had my like bad trip with that
ship one of the things that happened to
me is I became aware of I think these
things my mind had suppressed the whole
time like essentially I could feel the
bones and the joints in my body so I
guess you can always feel the bones and
joints in your body but you know your
mind probably blocks it out but for me
it removed that filter so not only did I
have like this ego death [ __ ] time
lasting for everything but I felt every
bone in my body like rubbing against
each other oh my [ __ ] god that was
horrible
oh that's weird when I I didn't really
have like much feeling of my body at all
and in fact I would say was the opposite
