yeah hey what's up buddy what's up man
how you doing good how you don't I'm
doing great so what's up how's this work
oh I don't know what do you do used to
trigger it about uh you know I don't
think I'm not necessarily that triggered
to be honest I mean that's just kind of
how I am oh yeah right it to be
completely honest but I have been trying
to get you to debate me for a while oh I
mean I normally it except pretty quick
so what's up I I didn't really have any
topic specifically in mind exactly where
your views are on everything although I
know exactly where my views are when you
said you would have run circles around
your favorite manchild in an argument
what what arguments am i given that
you're like so triggered by you know I
think the way that you argue I think you
kind of sometimes you dance around the
point and you kind of get into my new
show a little bit too much Wendy what is
like an argument where I've like danced
around the pointer I have a to the point
well for one I mean you try to get
people like you go like you you go into
gotchas you know what I mean like one
specific time that I could think of and
I'd you know I just perused your stuff
skimmed through it cuz you were arguing
about some guy or with some guy
and he wanted to establish an ethnos
state or something like that and he was
talking about you know black people or
have never had any form of culture and
he listened or and you know European
countries were listening to Mozart or
whatever and you go oh well name one
Mozart song I mean that's not a that's
not a real argument is it I mean I'm
willing to bet that guy knew a lot of
hip-hop songs I mean yeah but you're not
actually arguing with like the point
that he was making which is that there
is differences between the two cultures
and the people well no I was
demonstrating this point like he was he
was trying to say that
like he was an ethnic realist right or a
race realist and he was trying to say
that like I don't know I couldn't stand
the guy to be completely honest Cheryl I
mean I was trying to make this claim
that white people listen to like this
more enlightened type of music and black
people have this [ __ ] music okay
well what enlightened music do you
listen to if you're a white person like
I imagine you could throw out some
Tchaikovsky songs or some [ __ ] or
something but he didn't know anything so
he was clear was virtue signaling the
point and I thought I thought it was a
pretty easy way to illustrate it I mean
I guess if I wanted to be like more you
weren't really the point that he was
making is that there was differences
between the cultures and the people of
the to mean of between blacks and of
Europeans so making the point that he
doesn't know any Mozart right things I
mean we hit agree to disagree on this
point but I totally disagree that this
is irrelevant like if somebody's economy
that they're racially separates and one
of those that differences is music but
then they can't give me any music well
they're part of said master race I feel
like it's a pretty good illustration
that they're being hypocritical on the
point I don't think that's totally
irrelevant I mean I guess to some extent
but him specifically being
unknowledgeable
I mean I do disagree with the guy so I
don't even wanna get yeah I mean no I
mean like what's your if this is like a
science debate then theoretically that
that's true he could say well actually
white people as a whole
appreciate classical music more than
black people as a whole I might not be
able to name a particular song however
you know that's just because I
particularly don't choose to listen to
it this still holds true for what I mean
he could have countered with that but I
mean like that was a pretty easy way to
I thought that it was an easy way to
demonstrate that the guy was being
hypocrite on that point and I mean if he
would have gone that if you would have
gone that route then you know I could
have appealed harder to you know well
this is what white people tend to listen
to and if anybody goes to a [ __ ]
Kanye West concert you're gonna see a
million white people in the audience and
if you go to any classical music concert
you're just gonna see a bunch of really
wealthy snobby people they're like I
mean III thought that just a central
point was ridiculous the idea that white
people cherish and listen to classical
music when it's dying all over the world
and hip-hop is the most popular form of
music in the world I know that was I
mean I could have argued it more of it
you know I didn't really I just watched
the beginning that I couldn't stand to
be completely honest but what do you I
don't know what specifically reviews are
trying to think of something that
I feel like I'm knowledgeable enough
about to really you know not just be
like totally out of my element on okay
how can you hate me so much and not even
know like anything that I talk about I
don't know but you'd seem pretty mad nah
dude you look through my right at
history that's just how I am on I'm
looking theoretically I'm just as 300
comments on this right what I'm saying
is if you look through my right at
history that's not I mean that's just
how I am on reddit I don't know why but
you know okay anyway
what are your views on circumcision it's
pretty bad I guess I'm with you on that
what else what about do you believe
gender roles come from more so biology
or do you think that they're more
influenced by society I have no [ __ ]
idea it's a real hard one I mean I'm
sure it's a huge combination of both I
don't know which one plays more of a
role okay
um you guys funny man
I mean you went really [ __ ] hard dude
no you have nothing to talk to me about
uh what do you want to talk about what
you can pick anything you want to just
go through a couple and all okay let's
talk about whether or not serialism is a
valid compositional technique that
allows us to escape the normal ways that
we construct songs I mean I don't know
what do you want me to say like well I
didn't think you would agree with me on
the circumcision thing well how could
you think I'm probe mutilating somebody
they can't consent to it but how would I
in what world I feel like you've never
walked for signal oh you're putting kids
on to hormone blockers sick in bed
thanks for streaming okay what do you
think might be some of it let's explore
this topic what do you think might be
some of the differences between these
two things well I'm not saying they're
exactly analogous but they are similar
in some ways no doubt about yeah my
argument is that they're totally dis
analogous and totally dissimilar when
you circumcised a kid you do it for fun
because you wanted to look like you or
because of whatever that's you know
whatever the idea of putting someone on
hormone blockers is supposed to be a way
to make people not [ __ ] kill
themselves I mean I think at the outcome
that you're going for is very different
in these two cases why does your chat I
literally did not see your chat is
stupid bro yeah don't read it again
please the difference your goal in these
two circumstances is entirely different
like it's circumcising people you cut up
their dick because you wanted to look
similar but I can't say that a
ten-year-old has really any idea what
they want I understand you're gonna say
well that's why we put them on hormone I
can't argue with feels based arguments
okay I can't do it if you ought to tell
me how you feel about issues I don't
give a [ __ ] okay I can't do it so the
cycle the site research doing okay why
do you think a ten-year-old can't know
what they want to be in terms of gender
dude tenure let's just go with whatever
their parents want
do you have empirical data on that that
10-year olds just go with whatever their
parents want you this is a feels I got
do you disagree with that that parents
are that ten year olds are heavily
malleable and can be easily info
by what their parents want and seek to
please their parents you disagree with
that
I need empirical evidence this is
exactly what people are talking about
when they say that you argue like I know
and it's why I [ __ ] hate people that
I [ __ ] talk to it's because somebody
like you that you don't need proof or
you need evidence that ten-year-olds
will seek to please their parents just
get over it that's not the question
you're taking this a step farther like
absolutely you just did that
no what I'm asking for evidence of is if
a is it evidence that ten-year-old seek
to please what I'm asking for evidence
of as if a ten-year-old will seek to
please their parents so much that it
would cause to Jenny would be would lead
them to gender identity confusion the
significance of that because the thing
is is then the significance of gender of
hormone blockers so how can you even say
that they would be how you feel about
things okay let me know when you're done
it is how you feel I mean I couldn't
give a [ __ ] last okay so here are the
things here are some things that I know
to be true okay transgender people are
highly over-represented when it comes to
suicide figures when you go through
puberty
it causes irreversible changes to your
body especially if you're a man who is
going through puberty and I know that
children start to explore questions of
what gender they are and what gender
they feel like before they're even
one-year-old
this is all stuff that is really heavily
researched really well documented really
well understood not controversial
okay now the contentious point is is it
possible that making hormone blockers
available to some children that might be
confused about their gender identity
would it give them more time to make a
decision that might lead them to not
[ __ ] hating themselves as they get
older now assuming the APA says that
this type of a treatment is okay I don't
see the problem
and I don't see screaming about like
tighten around dapat make decisions is
doing anything to further the
conversation how is do you think that's
based off of feeling but that's not I
mean
it is true I don't know why you keep
saying it's based off a feel because
it's a boring argument that means
nothing and I can't sit here with some
guy screwed Charles Grant read legends I
don't know the [ __ ] I'm supposed to do
with that I do know that I can look at
research and I can look at the
percentage of children that feel
dysphoria when they're young versus how
much when they grow old and then how
many of them could have made decisions
to be in puberty blockers that maybe
would have resulted to them living
happier lies these are real concrete
numbers that we can dig into really you
think it's a good idea for a
ten-year-old to be on puberty blockers
until when for how long I don't know I
don't know you would do longitudinal
studies and figure it out
maybe somebody starts at 10 and maybe by
twelve ninety-five percent of the
dysphoria is is determined whether or
not the person's gonna have it for their
whole life or not I'm not sure you would
have to look at the numbers no some
things you don't need to do longitudinal
studies for you just you just know
because they're your feelings the reason
why transgender people have such high
suicide rates and depression rates is
not because everybody is just out to get
them and because they don't feel
comfortable in society it's because they
have a mental illness
first of all okay I'm gonna need a start
on that one chief you need a source okay
what is body dysmorphia a mental illness
body dysphoria is yes classified as one
right now yes okay so why wouldn't
gender dysmorphia be a mental illness I
don't know what I don't know what that
means what do you mean
what do you think body dysphoria is body
dysphoria is when you see yourself in
the mirror as something you're not say
like anorexia or something like that
that would be body dysphoria okay
wouldn't gender dysphoria be a mental
illness if body dysphoria is just
because you know an authority source
tells you that it's not I mean okay yeah
you know what let's just grant you that
let's say that it was okay even if it
was if sexual reassignment surgery even
if it what well it I'm sorry but the APA
disagrees with you and I'm gonna go with
the whole body of academic literature
over your personal feelings on the issue
okay so let's say but you can't make the
point that will makes the make the point
why I'm incorrect instead of just saying
that somebody else is saying that I'm
incorrect
who has Authority but you still here so
I was let's say that it is a mental
illness let's say that it is a mental
illness
what if treating it what if the best way
to treat it is to change the body rather
than the mind maybe it's easier to
change the body than it is to change the
mind if that's the case what's the
problem with that recommended treatment
right was anything wrong with that but
I'm not oh then we're on the same page
then then what do we disagree on the
same page in the regard that adults can
make that decision
I mean maybe 16 year olds and above or
something like that but a 10 year old
and I understand that Papas puberty and
puberty it becomes is obviously a huge
factor and after puberty there's only so
much that you can do but why not just
why not run some trials and see how it
goes why not let people but I think why
not it let why is it a mistake talk why
is it a mistake to empower people to
figure out you know what they want to be
when they grow up and they go I don't
understand you so are you like [ __ ]
like a massive like anti liberal or
anti-democratic process or what like
what do you do you just immediately
assume all people you soon the most
negative stuff about everybody yeah I
have to because on my side because
because on my side my condition is what
I would like to do is empower people to
make choices to live the best lives they
can and you're like virtue signaling me
some weird thing where it's they're 10
so they can't do it I don't understand
I'm trying to figure out what like where
you coming from this is old listen when
I was 10 years old my parents got
divorced and this is an anecdote
obviously but for a while I was
convinced that I didn't like my dad and
I hated my dad just because I believe
that's what my mom wanted and it is what
probably to some extent what my mom
wanted 10 year olds can be heavily
influenced in any regard even and if
they do not they're not going to see the
significance necessarily the huge
significance maybe that's a confounding
factor
that people could believe it or not
taken to account when it comes to
prescribing hormone blockers if the kid
is going through some traumatic event or
whatever I mean like because they're all
things that can be accounted for if the
parents if the parents are you know and
I'm not saying this is some huge
problems are forcing the kids to be
transgender they're not forcing them
necessarily even though I'm sure that
does happen in some cases so you can't
just totally discount that and laugh
about it but it does happen in some
cases probably where the parents are you
know very Pro tense transgender and they
do want their parents or their kids they
should have to be I don't care this is
like the SVW boogeyman show this would
have to be demonstrated to me for me to
take seriously this argument that there
are all these parents that are
pressuring their children to become
gender then why would you bring it up if
it's I don't think it is it is to some
extent yeah I mean I the percentage of
transgender people if you had to put a
ballpark Esther and how many people are
transgender because their parents
pressure them into being transgender
people of the truly transgender people
none of and you know probably not a high
percentage to be completely honest but
of the young people people under 18 or
people under 12 13 14 probably you know
at least 25% something like that I don't
mean I can't it's kind of impossible to
ballpark but there certainly is a rise
and there is a trend you know people
want to be trendy and they think they
see this as trendy yet I mean like that
I know how this is gonna go are you like
a Big Dig Masterson fan I like the fact
that you would even sit here and try to
say that without I know for a fact
you've never seen a number like this in
your life like I know how you've gotten
to all of these data points that like
that you've watched enough videos of
anti sjw's you know talking about then
then where do you get this idea that
there's some sizable portion of children
who are being cold are you
29 30 okay so this is I mean you're not
seeing it exactly see that's what you're
saying you're doing the thing they're
not yeah I know you're saying that you
see it but you have no data for me I
can't argue with you dude these are
feeling
arguments do you not understand what you
know it is feeling disagree that this is
happening or not but it's not you have
data the answer is no because I don't
have data means it feelings that's
exactly like that Oh feelings are data
does not mean that it's exactly what a
feeling is you have a feeling about
something you don't have a quantifiable
data point so you have a feeling about
something no that's absolutely incorrect
it is by definition correct it is
tautological like no that is not
necessarily based off of feelings Yorkin
that's incorrect
okay just because you don't have
quantify about a viable data does not
mean that your views are based in
feelings I mean there's plenty of things
I mean how do you think people talked
about was everybody who was
philosophizing in you know through
ancient Greece and they didn't have
quantifiable data on certain things
where they just was it whose feelings it
depends on what the subject was I don't
know if they were talking about anything
in society societal things was it just
feelings just because they didn't have
data yeah if there isn't concrete data
on it which I mean we're yet to see any
data on this because it's you know it's
happening it's happening right now
you're asking for data on something
that's were something that you think we
can't have done things that are
happening right now like this very I
mean to some extent no we can't okay am
I wrong
yeah but I mean like it would take me
like seven hours to get you to the point
to where you understand why you're wrong
I don't feel like that I right now so I
mean like you know frustrating I feel
like you would learn this type of stuff
in high school but you you're so lost
like you're so far gone like you think
that you've watched a collection of
videos and I was like then where do you
get the same way you see you go to
forget who you go to psychiatric
institutions and you see children coming
in who have parents are like Oh be
transgender today Timmy so I could go
you Sally
clearly where is it where in the United
States how do you know that because I've
observed it you know are you counting
the number of train
to people in the US you can say that
it's because they're more comfortable
because you know it's not as look down
upon to be transgender anymore and you
know they're given a comfortability with
it so now they're more open to showing
themselves you can say that's because of
it but to say that there hasn't been a
rise in transgenderism and that sort of
thing is just okay well actually I've
observed the opposite I think there's a
massive decline in transgenderism and I
think it's because a lot of people are
bullying transgenders into becoming
cisgendered well that wouldn't follow
any logic because the bullying has
certainly gone down nope I think it's
gone up I've seen it go up a lot more
okay well you're wrong why cuz you are
why do you see the problem we're in now
now we're balancing now we're both using
feelings arguments and you say that I'm
wrong on no basis large is wrong Wow am
I wrong I've seen it you want me to find
find a lot okay sure do you want me to
find a study I mean I haven't really
looked into this to that extent because
I haven't been watching videos as much
as you want to assume that I am and you
want to assume the worst of people like
fine if you have if you haven't looked
at anything shape we're talking about
voter ID you haven't looked at any of
this [ __ ] that's fine just say hey I
don't know anything about this [ __ ]
topic so I don't have an opinion I know
why not just do that you clearly [ __ ]
don't I I will not say I'm some sort of
expert
but that doesn't discount the point that
I'm making and now we've this is the
other thing I'm talking about with you
and your arguments is that you get
completely you just force the entire
argument off base because you want to
drill down into nonsense I'm sorry that
asking for some type of empirical data
is drilling down into nonsense like but
I mean like if you're a feeling based
person I understand why you feel that
way it's very uncomfortable for somebody
to ask you to actually justify your
belief when you're used to just being
believed like [ __ ] at face value
without ever [ __ ] thinking about a
single thing you're saying I mean like I
understand the frustration bro I'm not
frustrated you are frustrated no I'm not
okay
I mean you don't want to get frustrated
you're watching it clip you get a little
bit trigger I'm frustrated right now
hell yeah you better believe it I had
some guy that was ragging on me I'm
[ __ ] red and he comes on and he's as
dumb as my [ __ ] mom is with no reason
there's no excuse for you to be this
stupid
but but you are and then like you are
you're very stupid you are you have an
inability to critically think about
things I mean that's a pretty decent
definition of somebody that's stupid
that's incorrect okay I'm probably not
that's do whatever that's again you mean
you get into whatever no it's not an ad
homage to this conversation you have an
incapability of engaging with the
arguments because you don't have the
intelligence to do so now whether that's
by choice or lack of education or
because you're too [ __ ] heated to
have the conversation I don't know but
when some guy is literally sitting here
like I don't have empirical evidence on
something offhand that I wasn't even
planning to debate with you but I didn't
really come in here with anything
specifically planned it's not a matter
of having the evidence on hand
it's the difference in saying stuff like
here let me give you all go down fifteen
prompts you can't use any of these now
because if you say them I won't believe
you but here are some things you could
have said you could have said oh well
that's crazy because I've seen evidence
that points to the fact that the number
of transgender people that exist in
society today actually far outweighs
what it used to the past I don't know
give me give me closing give me closing
words okay what do you find when I asked
you how old you were
I asked you how old or how old you were
and I said because you're not seeing it
you're not seeing how people my age are
observing this I know you're doing it
again you think these two things are it
quick you think that this is the same
saying yeah I've seen day two the points
to the fact that blah blah blah blah
blah you think that's the same as a mean
see we've seen it that's not the same
thing a good argument to make okay
I've observed arise know what you'll
observe that's not what I'm saying your
dude done it's not even the same thing
saying you've observed something is a
lot different than saying oh you know
like I've seen evidence of this not I've
observed it there's a difference there's
any one spin of two things could you
okay explain to me the difference please
somebody saying I've observed that there
are more transgender people
it's a lot different than somebody
saying I've seen studies or I've seen
numbers that point to the idea that
there are more transgender people in
society today than there were in the
past those are two totally different
things okay but you're right they are
but that wasn't clear that's what you
were saying so okay all right listen hit
us up with your final words okay go for
it I don't really have any final words
to be honest but I mean whatever man
[ __ ] me dude [ __ ] [ __ ] kill me
holy [ __ ]
why are these people always do it this
is like it's so hard to like [ __ ]
read these comments and then when they
come on like they're literally this dumb
maybe we could have learned something
today what the [ __ ] [ __ ] kill me holy
[ __ ] I would run circles around your
favorite manchild in an argument like
jesus [ __ ] christ like if I can take
the opposite position of you and you
have no response like well I feel like I
see less transmit wrong bro how do you
know I'm wrong cuz I know you're wrong
bro
okay okay I'm at a [ __ ] coal I don't
know what to do in this game I have two
times left what do I do
let me talk about the subject destiny no
I'm good I kill myself I have to talk to
another [ __ ] conservative out Trent
[ __ ]
I will [ __ ] end myself okay I have
one coal cool steam vent here I've got a
chlorine gas pin here what am I supposed
to do with [ __ ] oil with crude oil oh
wait do you think this might be like a
crude oil vent
[Music]
good job dusty senpai I can't I don't
know how to do this what are you doing
I'm the one linked you to him
sorry about that Peppa hands are you
still on this call testing one two
hello hello oh it's still connecting oil
and to power slash plastic she just he
just spammed he's wait hello Oh
connecting why it's just quite having
[ __ ] problems no route
hello are you still hey what's up
so I sent you to study yeah I sent you a
study okay that shows that there has
been a rise like I said which is why I
was right and saying that you're wrong
so now what now that it's no longer
feels in your opinion okay two things
one rushing out to Google to try to find
something to support what you already
believe is literally called confirmation
bias okay okay nicely secondly if you
have an actual study we can look at it
you could be right
notice that in none of this have I ever
actually said if you're right or wrong
I don't know right what I'm saying is
that I can't argue about your feelings
now if you want to like me an actual
study yeah then we can go through and we
can look it up sure we could yeah we
could read it purpose in online forums
parents been reporting that their
children are experiencing what is
described here as rapid onset gender
dysphoria appearing in the first time
during puberty or even before its
completion the onset of gender dysphoria
seemed to occur context belonging to a
peer group or one multiple even all of
the friends who become genders pork and
trans start identified during the same
time frame parents also report that
their children exhibited an increase in
social media / internet use prior to
disclosure / transition right then the
purpose of the study was to document its
Foley's observations and describe the
resulting presentation of genders for it
which is inconsistent with existing
research literature so let's go down to
the conclusion rapid onset gender
dysphoria describes a phenomena with the
development of gender dysphoria is
observed to begin suddenly during or
after puberty in an adolescent or young
adult who would not have met criteria
for gender dysphoria in adulthood our
OGD we just rabbit on gender dysphoria
here is to represent an entity that is
distinct from the gender dysphoria
observed in individuals who have
previously been described as transgender
the worsening of mental well-being and
parent-child relationships and behaviors
that isolate aya s from their parents
families non-transgender France and
mainstream sources of information are
particularly concerning more research is
needed to better understand this
phenomenon its implications and scope so
firstly this study is almost the exact
opposite of what you said earlier where
it was parents that were pressuring
children into becoming transgender
is saying that it looks like so so maybe
I was wrong about the reasons for it
okay well I can say I'm wrong like it's
not a matter of saying you're right or
wrong it's a matter of the process okay
so now that we can agree that there is a
rise in transgenderism and that there is
an outside source that's having an
influence this is lemon Aries study I
don't know like this is okay how much
time do we have
it's for the people who are growing up
right now what do you mean why does it
why don't you ever apply this to the
flipside like you you were very very
very concerned about funding well you're
very concerned about well because you
you seem very concerned about people
whose lives might be [ __ ] up with
hormone blockers theoretically but you
don't seem to have any concern
whatsoever the people who have the
debate about it correct I'm willing to
be swayed the debate about whether or
not using hormone blockers is correct
okay so will you have that debate and it
is happening right now so you could say
oh it's a preliminary study but you know
that's not gonna the fact that it's just
the preliminary study we don't have okay
let you know what because this topic is
actually really boring to me well look
it up okay I haven't actually read where
the score let's see our hormone blockers
effective transgender let's find out
or of anyone in chat is it studying this
let's let's go and look up I don't know
why you wouldn't just have this on hand
why I wouldn't have it on hand or why
you if you're so invested in debating
this topic personally I don't know this
is what we're talking about no like well
that is what we are talking about but
then I just wanted to bait you to be
completely honest I saw you talking
about that so and the first thing that I
want the debate about you actually agree
with me so this is what I came to okay
young adult psychological outcome after
puberty suppression and gender
reassignment in recent years period
expression by means of go go nada gonad
gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog so
we can accept a method a total of 55
young transgender adults would we see
puberty suppression during
conclusions and clinical protocol of a
multidisciplinary team with mental
health professionals physicians and
surgeons including puberty suppression
followed by cross-sex hormones and reona
reassignment surgery provides gender
dysphoria cutes who seek gender
reassignment peabody early on the
opportunity develop into
well-functioning adults results sorry
let's see the results after generate
assignment and young adulthood the GN
the gender destroyer was alleviated and
psychological functioning had steadily
improved well-being was similar to or
better than same age young adults in the
general population improvements in
psychological functioning were
positively correlated with post-surgical
subjective well-being this is a small
study I mean that could be pointing
towards but I don't know does anybody
have any other studies of showing that
there are bad impacts of doing the
different outcomes post puberty
suppression or well it would certainly
be bad in outcomes while it's going on I
would think in a lot of ways how you
don't think that having let's say a kid
hops on hormone blockers when he's 10
and he was gonna enter puberty at 11 or
12 and then he doesn't enter puberty
until he's 14 15 or neither lays it you
don't think that has negative
consequences I'm not saying that it's
not outweigh I mean it certainly could
be but there are certainly negative
consequences sure but I think if we were
to weigh those I think those would be
pretty inconsequential compared to a
long-term psychological well-being of a
person it's possible but I do still
think and I am seeing the like reasons
why and I did see the reasons why even
coming in but I still think we just need
a better way to you know really be
certain that it's necessary because it
is so consequential in a person's life
and if we get it wrong I feel like
that's yeah so again I noticed you're
doing this thing where you only ever
give credence to one side of the
argument like you're very very very very
very concerned about [ __ ] mess up but
you don't give us a nod why do you say
no to that
what do you mean you'd say no to that
what did I just say that you disagreed
with that I'm only giving credence to
one side of the argument okay why don't
you care about credence to the other
side
you why don't you care at all about the
people that will grow up in the in the
wrong bodies and then be [ __ ] for the
rest of their lives because they can't
have a really transition to the other
jet to the other sex why don't you talk
about these people at all I do I why
where are you getting that I don't
because you keep saying this example of
me saying that yeah you keep saying it's
really worrisome that we have to be
absolutely 100 percent dead set on this
oh that's right
use one of your arguments just because
I'm saying that one side is worrisome
that doesn't mean that there are
problems for the other side no but
that's the implication when you say oh
it's not whoa whoa whoa no it's not no
it's not that's not the implication
you're absolutely you're wrong here's an
example okay whatever let's say that
we've got a fleet of cars let's say we
got a fleet of 100 cars and a whole
bunch of people are dying in car
accidents because there are no airbags
let's say somebody says okay well we
should put airbags in this car and then
somebody's at well hold on we really
need to consider whether or not we want
to put airbags because this quiz close
called this could cause a lot of harm
maybe we should stop and wait a second
and do some research to make sure that
airbags are really the right decision
the implementation there the implication
there is you're kind of saying well okay
and they decided they decided that there
was a enough positives to putting
airbags of course they did that they
looked at the downsides of airbags well
I'm sure they did that before they
implemented airbags why wouldn't they
you don't think the car companies did
that before they first put airbags in
the cars what are you talking about
right or wrong laughing now but I'm
getting totally misses a [ __ ] point
analogy much the same way that you would
investigate whether or not airbags are
an effective means of combating a
vehicle death sure you would also under
you would also review whether or not
giving hormone blockers people's
affective as well I'm not saying you
wouldn't do the study at all I'm saying
that when some person is constantly
sitting on the sidelines go whoa hold on
hold on hold on hold and we need to make
sure this is safe well are we doing sure
the implication there is that well holy
[ __ ] like do you not give a [ __ ] at all
about the problem that exists right now
because it's heavily like what you're
giving off with Nuttall sounds like okay
sure something is fine-tuned well just
cuz it sounds like something to you I
mean that's a feeling isn't it what is
it
it's a little fields argument that you
think that I'm making some sort of
implication that I don't care about the
other side that's you're wrong first of
all second of all when they were putting
air but I did not miss the analogy when
they were putting air bags in the car so
I'm sure that they did look at okay well
what are the downsides of this air bag
and it is important to have people
constantly being detractors to something
and okay let's maybe let's find let's
come together so then do you think that
it's a good idea that we are studying
the impacts of these hormone blockers on
some children do you think that's great
that we're moving in that direction
we're trying to gather more data about
it is that a positive thing or a
negative thing I mean it's hard to say
but I guess it has to be done so I guess
it's a positive but I do think that
there are huge negatives to it and there
will be for some people for sure okay do
you not understand how everything you
just said makes it sound like you're
dealing in amaizing the other side does
that not make sense you don't hear that
at all you're incapable of hearing that
at all no I get what you're saying maybe
I am more worried about the other side
but I'm not dealing amazing though okay
on one side we can absolutely prove that
transgender people are killing
themselves way more than normal people
this other hypothetical side doesn't
even exist but you're super ultra
concerned about them let's say somebody
who is normal and maybe has feelings of
gender dysmorphia just for all right
thanks anyway let's say maybe I can
relate to the person who ends up
you know on hormone blockers and maybe
didn't need to be because I myself don't
suffer from gender dysphoria so are you
later
who cares plenty of people go through
puberty a little bit later anyways who
cares I mean you could say who cares and
now you're dealing in amazing the other
side it's actually used D legitimizing
everything okay but I'm aware no I fully
admit I could be wrong okay this is just
an intuitive thing it's kind of feels I
have never in my life heard that
children that go through puberty a
couple years later than they're at than
their peers are committing suicides and
super high numbers it's possible that
that data exists I have never heard that
in my entire life do you think that if
we were to go searching for that do you
think that that material would or that
that point would material I guess I
would guess it they do have a higher
rate for sure I don't I don't know if
it's as significant as the transgender
rate it probably isn't but I would guess
that you know not being as big and
strong as your peers and you know maybe
being easy to be picked on is you know
it probably does play a role for sure
okay I don't have the data I mean I
don't think anybody I don't even think
if I looked up for data there would be
any to be honest okay well I guess like
my general feeling is that if you mean
did you get bullied in school for being
smaller and weaker nope
so my general feeling is that you know
what how'd you get so good at arguing
because I like arguing with people I
don't know I I don't know why people get
bullied at school I don't think it's
just because they're smaller like larger
fat kids get bullied all the [ __ ]
time or larger people in general can get
below the timers sometimes bullies are
really small people I mean it happens I
don't know
so the the small boy I try not to be so
I just don't understand why you would be
so hesitant when you know that there are
groups of people that are massively
over-represented for suicide why you'd
be so hesitant in trying to target these
individuals at a young age and then give
them access to a form of therapy or a
medication treatment or regiment that
would alleviate these suicidal
tendencies growing older why this would
be such a horrible [ __ ] thing for you
I said if it's so hard for you to buy
into I do agree that it could be like
well it was so hard for me to buy
so I mean I'm here having the debate
with you or not not here yeah you are
but earlier when I asked you about your
like well I guess that you know I guess
that we can have people maybe do this
and like I don't know you said it really
[ __ ] has it that's usually that's how
people you know they don't immediately
just jump from one side of the other
they start to you know grapple with
changing their mind don't they I mean
come on but I like okay I said I guess
instead of saying yes certainly you're
right I agree with you now like come on
bro like you just nitpicking stuff I'm
not just nitpicking it's the general
trend of this conversation and it's of
every conservative that I talk to that
has conversations there's this idea that
like we're gonna be like slipping
hormone blockers into the water supply
and normal kids are all gonna be
transitioning into transgender people
all across the world and that they're
all their lives gonna be [ __ ] up and
that we need to make that argument
that's what well it's what it feels like
you're making a feeling argument like
you say do you think that talking about
feelings in general is the same thing as
making a field-based argument well you
are making a field-based argument okay
when I talk to conservatives often times
they give fantastical accounts of what
transgender people are like here is a
data point then okay a lot of
conservatives were riling up a lot of
people to be very upset about the ideas
of transgender people walking two
bathrooms and raping little girls this
is a point that was a massively
campaigned on okay well it was a big
talking point for a lot of conservatives
this weird transgender boogeyman that
walking sure I'm just saying that in
general conservatives put out these very
[ __ ] strange narratives about
transgender people and it leads to very
confusing conversations often times when
I have a talk with a person about a
theoretical thing like puberty blockers
well not stay reticle but a medical term
like puberty blockers they're always
very quick to go like whoa whoa hold on
hold on hold on like there's a million
reasons why we shouldn't do this and
it's like okay like you're pretending
like if we don't do this we're gonna
avoid all harm but you're ignoring the
fact that there are people that kill
themselves right now because of these
types of dysphoric feelings so like it
seems like we should be like a little
bit more open to trying to find ways to
treat these types of people since
they're so over-represented in suicide
rates but the feeling I get the feeling
I get when I have these conversations
now that's not to say that I'm making a
field based argument that doesn't have
data points the feeling I get when I say
feeling what I mean is the actual points
that are existing underneath what you're
saying that I have to inductively which
making it feels based argument well
you're not even arguing with me and
you're feeling that I'm arguing
something or that I'm like somebody I'm
specifically
some conservative evil conservative
you've made up in your mind I don't know
if you're an evil conserve it or not but
you have all the same talking points
that you do against transgender people
so yeah I'm kind of boxing you in there
in terms of assuming what you what it is
you actually think or feel based off
your feelings that's why I'm saying
you're making a field-based argument if
I had at do you think that every single
time somebody uses the word feeling that
it means feels based argument no I don't
but I'm saying then why argument by
trying to box me it's okay I love
English okay so let's talk when I tell
you that I have a feeling about
something what I mean to say here I
shouldn't use the word feeling what I
mean to say is I have a feeling about
something what I'm actually saying is I
have inductively reasoned out to some
decent percentage that I think that you
have an underlying belief about some of
that you're not being honest about okay
that's but that's what I generally mean
when I talk about a feeling based
argument what I'm saying is you're
making an argument prescribing some
treatment for all of society that's
based on no discernable data point but
just on a personal observation that may
or may not be subject to a trillion
different biases that's it there's a
difference being based argument does I
have a feeling about something like
these these aren't just because I say
have a feeling doesn't mean I'm all
designed using feels based arguments
what what I'm if you're arguing with
somebody and you start jumping to
conclusions about them and boxing them
into stuff which I mean you've been
wrong about so what stuff I think is
wrong about doing that I mean you start
talking about uh the transgender
bathroom thing I don't even agree with
that I don't know if you agree that I
never said you agree with that these are
at least say that I agree with that but
previous to you saying that you were
saying you were making the implication
that I was somebody who would agree with
that
you didn't specifically say I agree with
that but you were making before you were
making that choice so earlier in the
conversation I think we were talking
about like arguments that people make
against transgender people and I was
taking issue with the idea that people
seem to make all of these strange
argument and you're like well not so
feelings like well that's not just a
feeling and then I gave an example of a
really big argument that was mainstream
news media coverage about arguments that
people made against transgender people I
don't know if you in particular I was
giving an example of like a larger
mainstream point that people make
against I could but I you know what you
know what I could totally understand how
you would feel and how an outside
listen doing it witness understand we
think that I'm ascribing a viewpoint to
you so I apologize if it sounds like you
didn't I totally think it's legitimate
to think that I did ascribe that to you
okay somebody you might not believe it
and I could see how you think I would
say you believe okay so that was my poor
communication if you felt that way okay
okay why do you think all of your
arguments devolve into semantics like
this because the people that I usually
have these discussions with aren't
equipped to have them they're so wrong
and they don't even realize how wrong
they are like the idea that you could
come in here with no data very clearly
scramble like look at you scrambling to
send me like a link to a data that
you've never read before you've never
read that study your life like the
second I hung up you're like oh I'll
find something more transgender
community probably like if I were to
look at your google history it probably
sounds like my feelings based argument I
was able to find a study for and I was
correct that doesn't you the fact that
you just said that shows how totally
[ __ ] ill-equipped you are to have any
conversation about anything more
complicated than who's your favorite
team in [ __ ] NFL [ __ ] madden 95
NBA hoops whatever like that's it dude
[ __ ] me I'm done I can't do it I can't
[ __ ] do it I can't have this I can't
do this conversation I'm gonna [ __ ]
kill myself
I just want to [ __ ] play my [ __ ]
video games that's all I want to do well
I had a feeling and I looked it up
Renard was actually right so my feeling
was right
destiny can you please explain why his
thought process is [ __ ] Aegina I
think he might get a lot out of it I
don't even know he's listening I don't
care I don't care - it's just like like
I don't understand how never mind I do
understand I don't care I don't really
want it I don't really want to do it
dude I'm not getting paid to [ __ ]
teach here and I don't it's I don't
think it'll matter that much anyway
maybe just [ __ ] I can't do it I don't
know why you engage with mine to begin
with Oh cuz sometimes people that raging
me I'm ready to have good points well
do you think I'm wasting all of my time
disinfectants crazy [ __ ] rabbit holes
with these guys about fields based
arguments when you have them nailed on
the actual main points of the argument
because the the points aren't the
arguments themselves that's almost
irrelevant what the actual argument is
it's the way that you form ideas that's
the problem the problem is that people
are like just really bad at
understanding how you're supposed to
form like coherent arguments or ideas
and that's the thing I guess that
bothers me the most about it you know
he's gonna leave the comments anything
you want I don't give a [ __ ] the thing
is is that literally everyone will is
doing fields based arguments you'll
always run into this yeah I mean to some
extent I understand
[Music]
