all right what's up what you anything
about hey what's going on hi uh hi yeah
I wanted to talk to you
I think about over a year back about the
all tried bit what about it when I had
two questions do you do it for out of
you know do you debate all writers for
entertainment value are you trying to
get something like are you generally
trying to like Kings ermine debate them
probably like a combination of the two
it's usually entertaining for me and
then I guess I kind of target end up
targeting like people in the middle I
don't think I'm gonna change the might
of anybody that I'm debating but someone
on the fence in the middle might change
their mind sure why oh I was just asking
like like I'm pretty sure up to this
point like you have some idea that some
people join you're like they wanted to
bait you just to shoot out
misinformation yeah of course okay yeah
well yeah to be honest that's Eska what
I want to ask like back then is
sometimes I would see the way they would
handle themselves in debates and I'm not
sure if you know like its overly like
noticeable that they usually shoot out
misinformation and I just wanted to make
sure like about a year back yeah that I
am aware of that yeah of course yeah
okay cool okay do you have any problems
like platforming them or are you just I
mean I try to make sure that if I'm
having a conversation with someone I'm
prepared for the conversation I
generally try to do that but I mean like
yeah I feel like you have to be really
clever with a platforming argument
because what that essentially leaves you
down is this road where you can't
literally talk to anybody that has like
a certain point of view which I don't
like that yeah do you take a balanced
approach to it what does that mean like
it's more like if you're aware that hate
speech can be spread via your platform
do you take steps to just like prevent
it because I'm usually they just they're
looking for a platform to spew you know
just most of their garbage
but if it were vice versa
they don't really provide platforms for
the opposite opinions it usually goes
just one way sure but these people are
being platformed by a lot of like
liberals anyway or like I say liberal
and classical signs a lot of like
conservatives are platforming these
types of people anyway right like
drilling Peter since there is like a
pretty easy way to like people like ben
shapiro that would you pretty easily to
like stefan molyneux and [ __ ] so i mean
like they're getting all this exposure
in other ways so i don't know i like
being a voice that kind of stands
against them or it's capable standing
against them yeah
the only issue was with them when they
go on a conservative outlets they i
won't know not totally what i'm looking
for they toned down their views in order
to appear on like you know mainstream
podcast yeah or like with dave ribbon or
whatever am yeah like it's you know they
go back to their own channels these you
know these few things that are basically
like white nationalists or you know is
it i mean like for me like personally i
would think that it wouldn't be a good
idea to platform them or to provide them
a voice because i mean I mean I think
these conversations are worth having and
I think I'm I think for the most part
I'm able to have them I don't know I
would like to be able to like this idea
that like I have to constantly be too
scared to talk to white nationalists
because I can't defend like the current
status quo that we aim for or like the
current society that we aim for it makes
me uncomfortable I feel like I should be
able to argue those points pretty easily
from a policy and a philosophy position
yeah it's just it's it's almost
difficult to argue with any of them yeah
yeah you bonus me me and a lot of like
these people who had come out recently
as you know like who we now consider the
alright before that it was like let's
see you're like the like the Ron Paul
crowd back in the day I was the Ron Paul
crowd back in the day yeah oh [ __ ] well
usually to cover over their arguments
like back then it was usually like you
know you use the free market regarding
like yeah abolish the Fed all that [ __ ]
I was a hardcore libertarian in college
early early college
yeah when it came to like laws against
discrimination a lot of the argument
goes to well let the free market decide
if ya the businesses will be
non-competitive if they discriminate
yeah yep yeah um I remember back then
like their opinions would constantly
change but it wouldn't really make any
sense as a change so it almost comes off
as like it was disingenuous like the
more they would I don't think the Ron
Paul I don't think libertarians are
generally disingenuous I think all
writers can be but I mean I don't think
libertarians Turner I think they do
believe like it comes from a good place
where they do believe that like racism
and [ __ ] or at least most of them seem
like they think that that stuff would be
sold by the free market
I don't think libertarians are
comparable to all writers I think
libertarians are just doing neo Star 15
how would you would you consider excuse
me a libertarian no I don't think so
Oh cuz I don't know what his view is
there cuz he like he kind of goes back
and forth so and then I also want to
point this out I think you had what was
that Irish Irish Life mm-hmm yeah and
their debate one of the things I had
bothered me was you know also yeah one
of the things had bothered me that they
were telling that excuse me I did was I
think he kept banging on about he kept
talking about like socialists and
communists are responsible for like
millions of deaths right I don't know X
kills me he talked about that maybe he
does that's a real dumb talking point
but yeah like I've heard that before
yeah I just want to point out as he was
banging on about like how we're celerity
talking about killing one that's a bit
extreme I didn't get the WOM name Jim
yeah and what bothered me was he went on
to defend someone like Pinochet
you're aware Pinochet right no what did
he do Christel Pinochet was the man who
overthrew Salvador Allende he was a
democratically elected socialists in
Chile okay and he was assisted by the
CIA okay and he's usually what
here of like you know helicopter rides
sewing socialist out of helicopters
communist all that yeah there's a name
for it forced disappearance something
damn we're at they for flights of death
or whatever they're I'm familiar talking
about their yeah yeah so there's
thousands of disappeared I think over
eighty thousand were killed four hundred
thousand people were forced to leave the
country
that's ethos or something sorry I go
yeah what about it
yeah this is was a direct result of
Pinochet coming to power and he
forcefully implicit implemented
free-market you know changes in that
country something that most people would
oppose like like socialists and
communists like that they would force
people to you know into like collectives
and all that it was kind of I don't
understand what his view was unless to
me he was being disingenuous because it
was kind of you know the free market
changes Walker Hearst
it wasn't democratically implemented
yeah I don't I don't know I don't know
anything about any of that somebody
remember talking about this huh but yeah
yeah yeah I was just I wanted to point
that out cuz you know now when I hear
him did like if I ever hear him talk
again I'm not sure if I should take him
at face value because it doesn't sound
like what he's talking about he actually
believes in going you know unless it's
one way mm-hmm yeah wait yeah you
talking about Irish lad your ex kills me
right now well excuse me okay yeah I
don't know I'm not sure that our
slightly seems alright I mean everything
he says seems to be blind I don't think
he would disguise his views or I don't
think he's trying to okay so you don't
have a problem with platforming alt
writers I mean as long as it's done in a
responsible way no not really
no do you think of changing your view on
that anytime soon or you're gonna I'm
sorry I'm you know I just have to ask
again I just want to know I probably
won't I don't think so
yeah I mean I get like a ton of emails
from people saying that they used to be
like even in my subreddit people posted
they used to be like hardcore like anti
sjw people bla bla bla but then they saw
me on some stream a lot of a lot of
emails did I get usually start with
somebody saying that they saw me on
somebody stream and they were there to
laugh at me because they thought all of
the things I was saying was so stupid
and then they clicked on to my channel
and then they started watching more
videos and at some point they started to
feel like I was actually like really
reasonable they usually find like one or
two topics that they agree with me on
and then when they finalist topic two
they agree with me on then they start to
watch my other stuff a little bit closer
and then they usually start to agree
with me more that's usually like the
path that like the anti sjw people take
to get to my stuff and I mean like I
appreciate that and a lot of them like a
lot of the people that send me those
emails I wish I had I should like record
numbers but I mean I'm sure there's a
selection about some he mails me anyway
but a lot of people that email me when
they email me it literally opens with I
saw you debating sargon of akkad or
jontron or whatever and I was linked
from like a Kotaku and action thought or
something and I was just there to look
at how stupid you are and laugh at you
and then I watched a couple like that's
usually the path that people take so um
I mean yeah it seems like engaging those
types of people that's been pretty
beneficial if that's like your end goal
is to convert people in the middle
whereas I don't know if me like circle
jerking about how horrible conservatives
are with like contra points or h-bomb or
guy or Hassan Ford you know 14 hours a
day it's gonna be as beneficial and it's
more boring to me I don't like agreeing
with people all the time it's just yeah
yeah I make sense it's just when you
scope through the hall right it's kind
of hard to find out who has genuine
ideas and who doesn't oh no I think a
lot of them are in bad faith arguing but
I try to demonstrate like bad faith
arguments when I can as much as possible
that's the whole point of me pointing
out logical contradictions between two
positions so for instance when I was
arguing with those with those the
deplorable choir and they were saying
well immigration if just one person dies
then it's worth getting rid of it and
it's like okay so that's like such a
hard line for you that even if you could
help a ton of families you want to get
rid of immigration because one person
could be killed one immigrant well then
why is it that you're okay with guns
when you know tons of people are killed
by firearms in the u.s. why is that
worth defending but immigrant families
aren't right like pointing out like
logical contradictions like that I think
can demonstrate bad faith arguments to a
lot of people which i think is good yeah
I understand like yeah I understand
where you're coming from
it's just don't I think the only issue I
have
of course is like platforming bad faith
actors but then it's hard to tell the
difference between the two mm-hmm kind
of do my best to point it out when I see
it huh
yeah to be honest I think one of the
people that you had that word like
genuinely honest was jontron except you
as well yeah it's just kind of not
really informed on anything but yeah
yeah but it has to be like some and by
the way that debate got me listening you
you know there you go I mean that's
pretty much like I platformed an alt
writer there I mean even though John
trained himself wasn't falling all right
he was pretty much machine gunning out
like all right talking points right like
Japan should defend their [ __ ] whites
are gonna become a racial minority we
have a right to defend our borders so
like pretty much like I like the
standard that kind of all right talking
points yeah have you ever thought of
having people come on who would be like
you know people who are like very
informed on the subject that can educate
your the viewers about like certain
talking points um I mean I feel like
we've gone over so many I think most
people are pretty aware of them like as
soon as we hit on like certain talking
points most people start to become aware
of it like the deplorable choir was
pretty much like hammering out like
Shawn like it was like an episode of
Sean Hannity for what they were talking
about but I mean typically if we come up
against something we'll do some reading
on it so we know we're talking about
yeah it was just as I said that jontron
debate that was that was that caught me
a little glue as I said I used to watch
his videos used to be a big fan up until
the point where you know I'm Hispanic so
when he said you know integrate into the
Jean Paul Michaels yeah damn yeah as I
said there's you know I had to I still
kind of have an issue with people giving
like the Albright of platform yeah I
understand I think it can be done in
good ways I think it'd be kind of bad
ways I like to think that I do it in a
decent way like somebody like Dave Rubin
does it in an absolutely [ __ ]
horrible way so yeah I mean I try my
best man oh no I was gonna say Dave
Reubens just an entry point I don't
really think he I you know he's kind of
a snake I don't think he actually
believes half the stuff he says and I
try not to assume that people are bad
faith just because that can lead you
down scary road
but I mean if you were gonna make an
argument for anybody being a snake yeah
de Reuben would definitely be up there
he's a huge piece of [ __ ] like a literal
[ __ ] subhuman trash yeah but I mean
like he I mean he went from like The
Young Turks to suddenly be like probably
you know the free marketplace of ideas
all that yeah I can't really take his
you know I can't take what he says at
face value I know it goes down a steel
road to think that somebody is acting in
bad faith but you know I would say I
can't say in this climate because we've
had worse climates but at least maybe I
can say like maybe back then like baby
in like the 50s and 60s when it came to
the civil rights movement at least they
weren't like you know being around the
bush when they were being you know when
they would say talking points but today
it seems like they kind of have to do
mental gymnastics in order to bring
someone in to you know think to the air
side basically okay right well hey
listen uh I appreciate talking you buddy
it's been fun all right thanks we go
read this gun [ __ ] have fun peace out
[Music]
