okay listen up okay both of you this is
a hard core world yeah I never died on
that regular worlds type me your names
in Minecraft okay
Atlas is pretty cool now he's oh yeah I
can have Alice yeah I didn't meet in
Minecraft I just met in like general up
too late whoa just said he's cool - no
he's in my school if you guys die I
don't know if I'm ready to hear him
though my brain if you die in ten
seconds
you're out none of this like oh I wasn't
really I don't know I don't know my hook
he said of my control of my ship we swap
you're out do you understand yeah you're
out can you invite me I think that's it
is it a realm what is it no it's gonna
be a server
Jimmy serve it dumb [ __ ] wait is this
Atlas S or is this like what other
atlases there you fighting idiot oh I
don't know it's named Atlas on you
mister Mouton is fuming go give me your
names I got Taber snapping in Minecraft
damn what there's like one flight flying
around my house and it's been here for
like why doesn't it just die I think my
name is misery
oops MRA movies unx how didn't even know
me
okay don't log in until I give you the
command okay you already in them I know
but I'm adding you guys to the well he's
gonna cheat just like you did in the old
Minecraft or as manic you know I was
gonna say alright what are your names
for minecraft you [ __ ] losers mr.
moon x20 like Jason eggs this is a
[ __ ] war movie
crap I think I have atlas asked I'm not
sure
well again figure it out
dude is manic you know all right now
guys making posts on life's cam fails
huh both of if we need to roll character
Steve okay just chill we're waiting for
Atlas to tell us what the [ __ ] is
username is [ __ ] whatever sweats
turning sweats Denis that's your new
username or easiest annual minecraft
memes also another 500 when me mouton
dies five minutes in hold on oh thanks
what's the server isn't it just destiny
GG or whatever plan your [ __ ] [ __ ]
alright a min wait it's nighttime you
have to start it during the day no wait
why are you joining already we're not
ready guys alright bucket
hold on cuz I need to sell a game-mode
where you guys at oh you know I'm gonna
roll up me character guys now I'm gonna
roll your brother no don't be my [ __ ]
family member please because otherwise
we're gonna have to like it we won't
fight you just don't fight each other
okay then don't fight it with me just
don't redo your morals every two or no
out there my character is a meek and
non-confrontational anyway okay my
character is also gonna be meek ish oh
my god he's gonna try to PvP me no I'm
not
you guys gonna kill each other again no
my character will be a pacifist again
okay because they're rich nearby where
is mr. Arya are you looking in you told
me that's a login you and Atlas Logan
Logan Logan now what
horsedick wait we can't hit anything
dumb [ __ ] yeah cuz you're on the salon
area cake has some dumbass server
protector setup because he's trying to
[ __ ] us over
[ __ ] you cake calculate [ __ ] you don't
say that actually I'm sorry no be nice T
I love cake
dan isn't paid me guys let's go did I
get scammed there's a ravine right here
yeah a ravine remember even way we dive
we're all together I I don't know I mean
you need to start in the daytime
why because you don't start a nine-time
in a new [ __ ] Minecraft I would have
oh [ __ ] wait how do I turn on the
coordinate f3 it's um I think it's f4 or
try Ulta for it's empty what the [ __ ]
guys come on where we go ani look it's
day are you happy now you little don't
tell me that why it's rude
I'm your friend do beds do anything in
this game um they let you if we all
sleep together whatever like yeah
they're a people it'll pass night time
24 hours stream seems um I would
actually but I am probably not gonna
able to stay awake maybe tomorrow though
yeah I'm doing um oh yeah I've got
trains show tonight crafting table
established what's our goal to get to
the Enderdragon
yes right can we PvP each other if the
other person okay's it then yes
I know that man oh really why don't you
tell us about it
I mean tell us about Honorable PvP Oh
I'm Steve I just came back from Sweden
fit any spent to mr. moto
I'm gonna be honest with you this ain't
it chief
guys the booty is just fat by the way
I'm so excited for that SD peach debate
oh she's gonna be crying by the anoche
you think she hates me now she's gonna
super hang me by the end of that one
wait you're debating X to peach about
her ass she messaged me she's like I
want to do the booty today like haha
let's do it sometime next week he hates
them what are you doing wait why don't
you get the iron and [ __ ] make sheers
you've dumbass why are you killing all
the Sheep shut up first download
minecraft yeah dude [ __ ] Tabor NFL
dude over here is [ __ ] schooling you
in Minecraft [ __ ] zone wait are you
in training camp I'm in camp right now
the [ __ ] you doing on Johnny I'm done
for the night I want to play with my
boys dude you be part of the NFL is the
mental game you [ __ ] idiot he's
training his mental right now okay good
good once you crazy Steve at it again
nobody's cringing except for you miss
we're all crazy no this game is so hard
without wallhacks welcome back home my
date where's cheeks dude Steve get
cheeks on no she's gone she's done to it
you live near here go find her and like
just arse in her house and if you go
destroy do you think anyone has ever
killed somebody over my craft
I don't think over minecraft but csgo
somebody got stabbed
wait what
yeah what we're resetting on Monday we
are resetting on Monday okay chill the
people demand go back to your Texas orgy
[ __ ] [ __ ] okay good it will be good
we're only going to the Ender Dragon we
won't go any farther and these No well
you should have gone back to Florida
sooner then go back now
drive wait did you drive or fly I drove
but I'm flying back why you're leaving
your car no I drove my friends moving
here so I drove up with him and then I'm
gonna fly back Oh friend is dick she
doesn't even maulding do girls mauled I
couldn't I couldn't believe in joy if
anybody is gonna be the first it's gonna
be kid arena wait Kate quick run
there goes your hairline mood in saying
your cringe okay you know I'm saying
he's shut the [ __ ] up movie yeah oh he
just wants a friend to go chase
hairlines with you you know unites hmm
we come together alright to be a banner
why are you since you're playing without
me what can you at least add catering no
milk no if you ask you I'm quite an emo
I told you I'm reporting I told you he
asked again I'm reporting Katerina milk
about it nope no I'm reporting your emo
your chemo does gone
hey cut they listen listen up cut down
all these trees and deposit the wood
into this we need to build a house for
night time hey listen you're in Florida
you're having the time of your life okay
I bet you've never had so many different
dicks in you in a 24-hour time period
then in the whole history okay I hope
you're having fun because yes I am
actually
I am jealous I wanted those dicks at me
and now you're [ __ ] stealing all the
[ __ ] fun okay
that's fine if you want to go and have a
party okay if you want to join the cool
streamers okay because I'm not cool
enough or mr. moutains not cool enough
that's fine you go do that okay we're
gonna play minecraft though because you
know what
we're friends here these friends these
friends don't go to Texas on each other
yeah right friends
these friends don't wear stripes what is
that right yeah that's what I was in the
park don't make fun of my people I'll
report you guys I am from America in
Cuba okay doesn't your people did you
know here's a funny meme only two people
only two communities have ever used my
Cuban assess like a racial slur against
me one was puentez who made fun of me
Cuban yep and it's on screen I don't
know that you apparently you call
somebody a gusano or whatever if they're
not if they're like a Cuban that's not
like a [ __ ] socialist or some [ __ ]
because it means you turned your back on
like Fidel I didn't know that gusano
it means warm
well I'm CUBAN so I can use minecraft
hardcore okay okay well you actually
know hardcore
stop atlas Wow Alice crane say it again
say it again I want to hear it
we're gonna take this out on your D&D to
your character it's gonna get super
bully no stop making that joke you're
gonna actually do it what no no not you
you are gonna do it no I told her I'm
not gonna be unique my character hairdo
get along we're best friends Emma City
yeah and in that one episode we
established yeah this may be dandy is
better without you Wow see
so why you don't hold out against her I
wasn't gonna report your email but I'm
gonna do it right now
nice posting cringe over and over and
over again
okay the appropriate insult the things
you you bow as you say bounce off of me
and goes back to you nice been
appropriate let it hang thank you
everybody
hey do we know what rank are you in TFT
I have you gotten rank yet 119 I got it
first
I got iron one nice I'm a gold one a.m.
iron - good job 16 can you clean promise
that do we have any coal for daring I'm
trying so hard
[ __ ] mine I can't find any way I
promise what we play together when you
get when I get home yes I really want to
play minecraft you think you ever ask me
to play a game I'll always play with you
okay you ignore all my messages to play
and you go off into your own thing it
hurts my feelings okay
I can only get turned down so many times
for you kill me a lot but I never
ignored well but if my propositions are
rebuffed enough times okay it destroys
my self-esteem I put some coal in the
boxers 8 good like you don't know what
kind of an effect that has on a person
okay I thought you'd be your ceiling
turned down by now it is that young
girls I'm sure so what is it supposed to
mean Kate
Oh Katie RINO starting the pedophile
jokes that because he wasn't asking me
the car and they turn him down all the
time guess he's used to it
him and Dan oh thank god
dan have fun guys I'll see you later No
bye say goodbye to Iman - OH
see you tell him what dan didn't Hawaii
Oh Hawaii
oh my god oh my god let me tell you the
story of the BBB if you guys heard of
the BBB code name the big booty [ __ ]
let me tell you a story tell it one
dance night here yeah so you can't
[ __ ] lie to the audience all right
okay go ahead Steve everybody's waiting
I'm good I've had enough FBI visits this
here good wait would she get visited for
this time did you terminate clipped a
video of me talking about like how when
I was talking like oh you know filosophy
just really loud no no I had to do a
justifying violence against
conservatives for their positions and
then they cut the video together with me
like holding my Glock so it looked like
I was about to like go out and [ __ ]
kill Republicans is it just like really
shittily edited I don't know he didn't
bring the actual video he just like
brought clips like oh sweet he wrote
down me say anything about it no I mean
this is my third interview so he kind of
like understands like what's good knows
you yeah everyone you know your own FBI
informant or your FBI [ __ ] guy by
name yeah you know I call them listen
I'm watching Nathan today so if I come
over it's got to be at like noon he's
like now sorry I'll just come over like
20 minutes all right I'll see you there
dude bring a hot chocolate reminder if
you die Moo oh yeah right what happens
if you die big name uh where you guys at
what are you doing hey let's stay down
here Taber oh they're coming down here
you're dragging them
towards us okay build build build build
they're gonna be there I don't know I
don't know
[Music]
wait now what you're stuck down here
until they killed a can you guys rescue
us look in this I'm in the [ __ ] uh I'm
in the tree morning
yo where you at Steve they're gonna be
in this cave still though because it's
dark that has this you wander in game
yeah us oh god how are you on food
you're not gonna like start over I mean
I am good for probably like two days if
all we're doing is mining okay can I are
Steve can I uh call me get one of you
friend any one of your devs to make it
see if we put a phone number in four new
accounts awesome verified accounts only
holy God [ __ ] annoying when there's
like one idiot did amp did Lennis
implement the the band like revolver
thing I don't think so you tell you
message mean he said who's gonna do it
okay well I tell them to do it thing
we're like if I IP ban somebody there's
like a one in 20 chance that it goes
like click like it was like like a like
the bullet was like not there like in
the chamber so I didn't even think it's
gonna work because then you're just
gonna re IP ban them yeah but could you
imagine there's gonna be if I do it
enough there will be one person that
survives like two I can you imagine the
community outcry if I actually rebound
that person people would be so [ __ ]
mad would be fun after two did yeah and
I'd be so [ __ ] tilted about it he
survives the second he survives the
third holy [ __ ]
did you happen to be a one in a hundred
chance I have no call you need what you
need what yeah
when do we start digging we get to 16 I
think 12 I thought to 12 yes the most
common accordion you're gonna be at
eleven because lava spawns at 12 so you
wanna be
I don't remember there's some name or
you want to be at 12 there's a large
bunch at 11 I remember you want your
feet at 10 dig till 11 dig till 11:00
Donna diggit town [ __ ] that [ __ ]
10 is like optimal diamond finding but
you have to [ __ ] with so much love and
it's so stupid just take your lemon [ __ ]
that
did you make us get rid of the trees so
skeletons and [ __ ] wouldn't spawn no I
just needed wood so I could build a
house and protect us you don't have to
build a you should have to roll D&D days
for the length of the van why don't we
have a role in cello because it would
get Spain yeah
like the casino chip Tier three in a
buck where is Singh tier 3 subs and
above should be able to roll on like on
like a minute cooldown and broadcasters
would that just be through the but
that's a Linus thing right no no you
could just like type and slash we're all
[ __ ] the bots I want it like any great
on the site you're good I'm down cuz I
get the RP with people in chat oh you
should add oh you know you should do you
should add like [ __ ] D&D stats to
people or some [ __ ] no that's too
complicated
no that's dankus [ __ ] in and give them
AC so people roll that's a big brain
idea
oh there's another pizza oh yeah what I
supposed to have a 1900 K on this
computer so you're [ __ ] faller dude oh
we hit Reds down boy
wait that's not even caught walnut man
wait why does my character keep jumping
does anybody know you have Auto jump on
and off in the settings all I probably
for Mobile on us
the [ __ ]
nice can we say for one minute can I be
real guys yeahso is the shittiest
[ __ ] image thing ever if you link
yeah actually we should make you as a
lynx man in chat
when I try to this is some [ __ ] what
do you want share X I just don't like it
was very except let's I'm immature
oh that it [ __ ] when I'm trying to like
magnify like an image it's oh my god
it's so [ __ ] car bridge why can't you
guys just like snip and then add to
what's a good alternative for screens
capital post and share X I don't know am
I like maybe I just like to do a lot of
work but like yeah I don't know you snip
tool snip then control us to save it to
like a capture and then you go to imager
and then you just drag it onto the site
maybe that's too much wow that's way too
much you just do a shark's yeah you just
do like ctrl s and then it'll
automatically upload it that's some
Boomer [ __ ] in all greenshot uploads
image or instantly dude there so how
this is hard for a moment we're monsters
when is he a sieve each debate it's
tomorrow night I just haven't scheduled
it or told anyone about it because I
just want to pop it on you guys that
giving you any warning whatsoever or I
don't know yet and that's why I haven't
said anything you decide
I told my girlfriend milena intimate of
your other concubines and she agreed
then got sad said she could never be
like milena what does that mean what
pronouncing images anger should I say in
go just to be safe nice maiden Farman
why are you typing and [ __ ] chat you
cringe Lord to my guy
don't type to him ever he's my you two
better don't know oh my god he's our guy
I'm sorry I don't want your tweet stream
24/7 you toxic [ __ ] nice simple 17 real
brave typing that when you put your
[ __ ] age and username you little
piece of [ __ ] hey stop putting dicks in
my twitch it stopped and his mental
ability animal libera you're banned
unban who time to map banned you're
banned stop that [ __ ] is it daytime yep
yeah come out safe doesn't look safe to
me now let's move just a little bit
forward
sorry
how do you feel about this boring or nah
oh we've list all these it's okay dude
we should live in the [ __ ] ice
kingdom
okay well go over there and do it no
then don't ever suggest another place
for us to live you little [ __ ] boy
little boy piece of [ __ ] no you wait
does this sound like kill spiders dude
yeah no spiders no wait what about
skeletons yeah but they're under that
tree so there's how you [ __ ] say what
the [ __ ] are we gonna do I can't go over
there oh no did I just uh well come out
in a sec we have like armor oh you can't
climb up here can you okay yeah get the
[ __ ] up here we need you guys to kill
things don't die oh it's raining so no
sunlight what do people mean when they
say hey can you call me I need to sort
this I need to come you call me when you
see this I need to sort some stuff out I
was like okay wait you just type it out
and they're like it's too much let's do
complicated they pipe out well yeah they
just type it when it it's for business
yeah about your girlfriend or no it's
just for business Oh
sometimes these are just explained [ __ ]
on the floor well I mean [ __ ] I don't
want an invoice call wait if I draw a
block sometimes I do damage
do you guys like Neil foul or yes I am
[ __ ] stuck I don't appreciate it yeah
there's like AIDS filled there now I
stole my blacks I think we're close to a
fortress I keep getting the sound you
have to drop a lot for it to work okay
one of them are gonna die too this
canteen there's nothing gonna complain
at us for tell him to come up where are
you at are you over there in the wood
thing it's their shirts in this game
yeah yeah I don't Rhetta mate there are
yes yeah well patches ago I'm gonna
[ __ ] die yep
shields helped a lot
no no stay down there Wow Charlie thanks
for the children fine but only because I
like wreaths I think it's done
[Music]
oh my god there's so many I'm coming
down mr. Burton wait are there any blow
up eat creepers
I don't see any no I know I saw one
earlier cobble [ __ ] Steve POG Oh God
there is I'll help you Alice I'm running
[ __ ] this
yeah that's what the [ __ ] I'm talking
about get the [ __ ] out of here
zombie [ __ ] yeah what do you want
okay okay I'm ready to fight
thanks for making bezos for allowing me
to subscribe to my favorite streamer for
25 no months Amazon is amazing
Jerry did you find any more on what idea
miss you and I are fighting
I'm trying to you [ __ ] there's a
[ __ ] skeleton okay I'm gonna come
around mr. Putin and we're gonna do this
okay ready we have Rindge brothers okay
you ready where are you you're coming to
me I'm coming around yep
tapir do any food yeah do you need
something
yeah you have a why'd you have to head
here we have to get rid of these [ __ ]
trees dude it's not the trees it's the
rain that's [ __ ] us yeah wait who
said know who else enough me oh yeah
yank him out anymore I have to chill
okay just Jesus where are you at I am in
the water kind of innovation in the
water in a little Hut
I'm like to the left I think I don't
know [ __ ] I should have built that you
had full health at least no that's the
issue your food I do have one piece yeah
oh why did I come down here
where are you in that cave okay
where are you at I'm coming go where are
you to the right [ __ ] dude cobblestone
there's a cobblestone and then there is
a skeleton yeah back there going after
this Hilton you got to come out of help
me though okay are you ready
should we go I guess yeah go go okay
hold on I gotta climb out okay get him I
got him
you guys Chunkin me dude okay oh yeah do
we have any torches can we get some
torches or I got a [ __ ] ton of torch
we just need a third torches that I'm
gonna kill all these [ __ ] trees so we
don't keep having him alright to be a
can you retype what you said I was never
like those dying during if you know how
to like do the farming show know there's
like ways automate it now with hoppers
and shrimp I mean do we do that right
now well I think that we don't need to
automate it all we just need to do is
build an underground farm so we don't
have to go out there
so when new accounts can't talk for
three hours once approved a million
Taylor yeah at an argument
somebody's iron isn't here I don't want
to drag up wait give me some [ __ ] nut
dear Steve I don't have sugar here wait
wait
are you building you I'm gonna put my
there's a bunch of wood I really gonna
build a base underground are we doing it
above-ground what do you guys want
underground ugly dude yeah there's
enough fresh start
great wait I want hell oh yeah why does
iron look different it's like yo mama
[ __ ] oh good thank you it was a good
one good one to dumpster you with
to my house for Steve
the Krannert brothers
okay trading Larmour for food
I'll do the farming there have some
rotten food eat up mmm train isn't which
fit you I don't play with you um if he
wants to sure it's a hardcore server
though if you die I'm not responding
anybody its perm death wait does enjoy
the podcast soon nope wait if train
wants to play he can just message me I'm
like 15 different platforms why would he
need to ask twitch chat and three hours
of [ __ ] so early
Jose Medina bones yeah I got one right
here
you'd eat it be eight listen how mad he
gets just want to talk about my boner
Stephen boner are you just gonna make
our house a big [ __ ] square how about
you designed a little bit it reminds me
the [ __ ] rust basis dude first of all
our rust bases were extravagantly
beautiful works of art okay chill
don't even start the rust wases were
phenomenal was Alice ever on a rusty
where you want to rust I just remember
killing I wasn't your basic all the
times
okay yeah I can't believe you would even
dare imply were Stowe's Adela's did the
master himself how mad was was jeer at
you honestly I think he knew it was
gonna happen
was the traitor I woke up in the morning
and our shirt was all gone I was like oh
he's like yeah I rewatched those old
memes reasoning I thought you'd be
[ __ ] livid in all right don't thanks
huh I wanted to give who is it toasted
Alice like access to all of our [ __ ] but
mister I said no sir he was right a
smart man I just didn't expect where
should I put the farm Steve you want it
inside no that would be awkward
I put stolen raw it can grow 24/7 if
it's inside yeah he's just amazing
hey you know what hey you know what
grows 24/7 haha now yo momma name in
twitch chat
oh um if [ __ ] is this just gonna be I
mean yeah if you guys went in I [ __ ]
drove to [ __ ] Malmo and nim [ __ ]
ignores my dams are you [ __ ] serious
no no the city that he supposedly lives
in here way it's getting dark put down
the [ __ ] torches idiot what tour they
said they had some you said I have a
bunch of torches that won't show today
you said you had a bunch of charge put
them down quicker Dean no you need to
put them everywhere so they don't spawn
I'm putting them everywhere I can only
place so many at a time you [ __ ]
you're an inbred no you are an inbred
you just I can be your it I can be your
hero baby just ask me if you need help
okay I can wipe away your tears
it's [ __ ] dude I'm a [ __ ] night
that damn
[Music]
wait I don't understand if I like twitch
streamers want to play my [ __ ] why do
you shovel my twitch it just message me
and Dysport or Twitter or Instagram or
League don't respond words I do when
important people message when women
message you but for name I would
[Music]
names on Maidan Oh homie wasn't me one
of your old mug now his oldest month CVO
any food
yes worry can I have someone like do not
die there you go how does this work
again if you just keep eating it boy
there's like a percentage chance that
one of them won't be poisoned
oh [ __ ] I'm good yeah this is the
miracle fruit
[Music]
Oh home on the bridge and you guys see
the live-action Lion King movie no I
refuse [ __ ] how do the Lions do emotion
I don't lead wait why did you guys close
our huge mining shaft that we are moving
wait what was close you didn't have a
nice stairway how am I supposed to know
it's open or closed dig your way out I
I'm all the way up cuz I just laid an
entire staircase it's cool they trained
all those lions hey show me your
staircase come down here Oh oh my god
take what okay
it's a [ __ ] staircase brother don't
call me that
you know zombie nonsense wait we're
really using this one now use whatever
one you [ __ ] want well they don't
want to mine shafts it's too complicated
all the way down to where diamond and
redstone is we got enemies six o'clock
mr. Merton invading the island off the
east shore main goal good work we're
good our Golden Apple still busting are
we doing pvp whoa a nice server like who
pays a [ __ ] box wait careful there's a
skeleton over there put search sniping
us
[Music]
Golden Horse armor why do wasn't that
[ __ ] you can't make horse anywhere where
can you know it doesn't even know cringe
Brendon wait
there's enemies we need to build a wall
no we need a wall to keep the zombies
Seve no I'm fine
don't just spam it I'm not spamming and
I wait for the cooldown it's just so
perfectly time that you think I'm
spamming up do you any dirt on you yeah
I do I'll lick the law human a link I
disco I'm pulling him out I'm leaving
before he leaves boys
are you using this area can this be the
phone again is that what you want if I
don't have a [ __ ] block on it you can
[ __ ] do it
oh wait do we have any iron I need a
bucket I toss three hold on one guy's
got a site so [ __ ] you in the ass
oh he had a wait where'd you toss three
every can even some iron for gear -
whatever you get on them Thanks he gave
me three iron and only three what is all
this cobblestone over here chorus Eve
what [ __ ] cobblestone I don't know
wait what what what is north what is
East are you serious just look where is
the Sun setting I don't know how I can't
see the [ __ ] Sun right now
Oh sounds like you should have
remembered it let me help you look at me
see you the direction I'm looking that's
West okay see the moon up there this is
north this is that's East Union or south
to southwest
Oh our 4x4 waters that's still the same
thing
no yeah wait really what infinite water
yes
crazy sure it's not there anymore of
course it is what do you do what are you
doing I'm gonna put it back don't worry
it's a little [ __ ] it is a thing you
[ __ ] a bit wake up Taber sorry oh my god
it's timing now he's gonna die Tara's
having out like watching the iron
Davers guaranteed guaranteed abstinent
premature EPS in the chat boys the rare
RNA
[Music]
holy [ __ ]
pays for this hello pay someone drove oh
um dudes we should have like race
verification and check to tell who is
black we should make it so that only
black people can use like to try hard
and try X and show how sick with that
business server dead no what no t-shirt
and then nobody could use it like in a
racist way anymore because like only
black you'll be able to use it yeah it's
good phallus I was able to pick up a
unit all right
okay this call is like how oh you might
be in the you can't dig in the start Oh
cuz cake protected can you just kick to
take those protectors off [ __ ] can i
unprotect blocks jet how does um if I
put water somewhere how far can that
water go out some links plane are you
talking about for like crops it's five
hurt crops yeah and it's only one block
of water I need right yeah one block in
the middle and then it goes out got it I
think it's five
with the water okay often give me
bonemeal tamer our bones owner me no no
anybody volunteer idea yeah I need to go
get my grain do you want to go get those
now you can do the mining out I'll do
all the scene sure do we have like dumb
chests up here stiva throw I can throw
them up against dump chest using or
wheezing the mineshaft that I made
yeah you guys whatever the [ __ ] you want
whatever makes you [ __ ] happy you
make me nothing's do obviously how use
me alright a dump chests are gonna be is
there a chest room see were you I hope
so honey it's gonna look at I'm chest
will be over here
Thanks you're welcome thank you however
you often do you plant things so for the
tree to grow what what however often do
you plant things fizzle like every like
two blogs every three blocks I think
it's every three
wait what the [ __ ] am i even no one owes
to that what we looks like now
see if you need bone meal no [ __ ] what I
have oh yeah
wearing welcome back buddy welcome back
thanks for welcoming me hold on I'm
going hey did you make an infinite water
pool
I'm gonna fix next to your crops I'm
gonna be have a [ __ ] entire ocean
because this was way quicker you mean my
bigger don't worry I had to put all the
water I'll do this we're good
I'm gonna fix it ocean is salty salty my
balls
too far
I have bread
what can you not plant so many [ __ ]
trees coming out of a tree area I just
this looks [ __ ] odd I just need more
wood okay and then they'll be gone it's
not forever are you doing just making it
look prettier
who the [ __ ] is Miao in the chat oh it's
probably them
name your names cringe can someone
explain to me what name means like the
emo
it's a biggie mom
why are we decorating me probably cause
you're getting duck receipt dude cattle
no he's making the sheep farm I can do
all the farming [ __ ]
he is mr. sheep by the way
it's my opening
[ __ ] a place like so
look so what ugly ah no you like just
the island then stop leaving [ __ ]
holes we're filling [ __ ] in this isn't
mine
[Music]
do you need me to make glass team go
find here on a mission
go find [ __ ] them seaweed wait seaweed
or no I'm sorry sugarcane [ __ ] I
everybody's uh on the next day nine
tickle a well he's gone he's never
coming back
what do you swap in your twitch shed
since they're making more money now oh I
don't know if that's true anymore now I
lost 12 million [ __ ] subs welcome
travelling all the time now I just have
my loyal DG Cheers barely holding on can
barely make ends meet reason why I
didn't stop spamming or that I've had to
go out and beg for [ __ ] food sit down
next to the [ __ ] homeless dude
outside the subway finding [ __ ] you
ain't [ __ ]
[Music]
are you sure we're on the right level
yeah I'm sure
wait his name wasn't Miao it wasn't
originally yeah wasn't it originally
like wasn't with two w's or something
NIM am I crazy if you place stairs on
the ground you can put water take the
stairs
my water's getting away and even still
wanted what do you mean I know that you
can place like a like a plate like a
like a slab on top of something and put
water underneath it's for you what are
you like 19 okay I was playing my I
probably [ __ ] bought minecraft for my
son before you serious question when are
you switching from conservative asatyam
years back did you experience any
serious cognitive dissonance how did you
deal with it um I don't know do I just
if a belief doesn't stand up to like
rational thought after a while for you
just descend by can you explain the
difference what between like a Democrat
a sock dem again
socialists tabor you don't even know the
[ __ ] difference please explain it for
everybody I don't think anybody I think
probably 90% of your [ __ ] audiences
yeah almost nobody knows it in between
these things and I'm gonna tell you and
I might even get it wrong but I'm pretty
sure I understand it liberal so in
America we have to we've got our
political spectrum goes from left to
right okay the left people are called
liberals the right people are called
conservatives the names of the parties
are but not lefties no well yes in
America well yeah oh yeah so liberals so
here in America all of these words mean
about the same thing lefty liberal
Democrat left-wing these are all about
the same thing in American politics
a sock dem is a social democrat a social
democrat is characterized as being pro
capitalism but pro large redistribution
of wealth so a sock dem would be like
kind of like your more extreme left
version of like a Democrat today in the
United States so like something like
Bernie Sanders that doesn't want to
abolish capitalism but wants to expand
welfare so like social healthcare or
greater welfare state for like you know
benefits for like food stamps and [ __ ]
like that that's a stock down
that's a Social Democrat but yet calls
himself like a socialist right he
sometimes he does I don't know brain
knows what it means in that yeah I hope
he does he I imagine even a dense a
democratic socialist right a democratic
socialist is somebody that wants to
abolish capitalism and wants like
socialism that's like democratic is that
so a democratic socialist is an actual
socialist a sock down is just somebody
that's pro-capitalist that's in favor of
like big redistribution okay so are they
in favor of like like taking money from
for example like Dan or they in favor of
like koala
okay got it but dem stocks are eat the
rich yeah but they're not usually as
extreme like a Democratic Socialist
usually the rhetoric isn't quite as
extreme I wouldn't say that they're like
an eat the rich that's more like that
that would be like the more hard left
people I think and what's the difference
being like a socialist like a democratic
social I saw a Democratic Socialist is a
type of socialist okay so okay
a Democratic Socialist would also
probably be like gentler and how they
would want to socialism like this and a
Democratic Socialist thanks buddy would
probably be like in favor of like gently
so you've got like reformists versus
revolutionary people a reformist wants
to kind of like make our economy and our
society closer and closer to socialism
through reform and a revolutionary says
[ __ ] that the kind of capitalists have
too much power in society and that's
never gonna happen so we need up a
violent yeah revolution
why do people call you and David Pakman
liberals as an insult what are they
implying okay so this is where gets
really [ __ ] confusing so liberal has
like a broader meaning outside of a
specific American context when Americans
say liberal Americans mean Democrat
so like Democrat liberal left-wing
leftist these are all like the same
thing in America outside of America a
liberal and a lefty or two different
things
because a liberal outside of America
liberal is characterized as somebody
that's generally for large economic
freedoms I would say that like large
economic freedoms is like a liberal
somebody that values like capitalism
generally I think you have to be like a
capitalist of you're a liberal or maybe
there are some forms aren't but I don't
know so like a liberals probably be Pro
capitalism somewhat laissez-faire
government so they're not gonna be for
like a planned economy or anything like
that that's like a like a liberal and
lefties so outside of like America you'd
say like a lefty it's somebody that's
like more that's not liberal they're not
a liberal they don't value like the the
free economy free markets [ __ ] like that
they would be more in favor of either
mixed or plant economies and they would
be like socialist or communist or a narc
or whatever more extreme [ __ ] I that
being a lefty sorry I thought being like
a liberal was bad and like lefties like
quote-unquote good well it's bad to
different people in America when people
make fun of liberals it's usually
conservative / Republicans that are
calling Democrats liberals so all
liberals the Lib Punk's the liberals but
when people on the Internet are making
fun of liberals like Europeans or kids
or American kids it's been way too much
time talking to their white friends on
reddit when they make fun of liberals
that's because they're actual lefties
they're like socialists or communists
and they're making fun of people that
are Pro like Pro capitalism yeah that's
what they're saying when they make note
of liberals
got it wow that's so when you hear the
term liberals get the bullet like that's
a communist when he says liberal he's
referring to everybody in America
everybody in America right now is in a
broader sense like in the broader sense
of the word everyone in America is a
liberal like like conservatives
Democrats and and or like Republicans
and Democrats are all are all liberal in
America
Parkton
Oh what right where the [ __ ] is my over
life
what's up
what do you want - much over any sooner
that's not a sock dumb I don't care to
dig into his history to figure out all
of the [ __ ] [ __ ] bla bla bla bla
bla
Bernie Sanders is a politician is
absolutely a sock them you can tell me
about his past that he's for socialism
bla bla bla bla bla but none of his
policies are socialist absolutely and in
he runs himself as a stock them in terms
of like his political campaign
absolutely not as a socialist you may
need to read come like beautify this
area I'm getting rid of the [ __ ] water
the end what is the end goal what would
his perfect society look like um maybe
his perfect society would be socialist
maybe like inside that's the position
that we want but that's not like that's
not the policies that he runs on he
doesn't run as like a Democratic
Socialist
my [ __ ] is Crampton okay
I
[Music]
what is the BBB story these guys were
talking about you guys what what the
Better Business Bureau oh I was um I was
making fun of earlier have you ever
heard of the bed a booth at Better
Business Bureau
you know it's like a [ __ ] scam right
yeah it's a peon I think it's a for
private corporation it's not well like
yeah basically they go around and they
get like ratings and [ __ ] it if you'd
only pay money or some [ __ ] they rate
your business like [ __ ] or whatever I
was just like making fun of oh that's
basically I think that's what Yelp
became essentially is like an extortion
but mm-hmm
pretty much yeah have you thought much
it's not that they rate you bet it's
that if other people rate you that you
can you can pay to remove it some real
shady shoes well no I heard they did
even more shady [ __ ] than that is that
they would promote negative comments
over over positive ones unless you like
paid and it's basically like the Mafia
I think they like message you in a bit
like man it'd be a real shame of some of
these horrible comments state about your
business huh it's like like on a
chronically you come up first few days
yeah you're like a sponsored blank or
whatever
mr. murder it's up down yeah Stephen we
wanna know what the most important
political philosophy is and that's Omni
liberalism can you explain so Omni
liberal is somebody that is
characterized by rationality and reason
and logic and facts well how's that
different than a neoliberal which most
people are well not most neoliberal has
some bad baggage with it that's where
we're voting that - probably a liberal
wait what's the bad baggage I don't know
people think new liberals are like
capitulation you know liberal is [ __ ]
awesome I gotta stay the [ __ ] away from
that stuff right every time I go to that
[ __ ] separator I start reading like
damn these guys I'm this is some real
issues embrace just embrace it you don't
have to make a new thing you can just be
like okay wait Steve this place sucks
you have so many [ __ ] it's so cramped
getting people listen
fix this [ __ ] again is all your dirty
need to visit you're not a neoliberal
because you don't agree with the foreign
policy all right Tabor well what is the
foreign policy hold on idea only you
decide Warren cover like opening up
foreign governments like democratic
institutions and norms is good like the
whole idea that the free market like
expanding the free market via
intervention in foreign countries is
good except Denis liberals really
believe that Hilary Steve and I have
some bad news for you what I'm depending
so I reached out to the Chapo detector
but uh-huh and I was like hey how do we
get this bot into our destiny you know
you want to know what's gonna make you
really sad you know what the response is
basically wait what I didn't hear you
what you saying I'm sorry
so I reached out to the chapo trap
detector but yeah and I was like hey can
we get this into our destiny
it's like isn't our destiny the same
thing as chapo trap those basically oh
nice no it's not time we need that yeah
I know but it's sad okay how many
dollars do I need to win does any male
[Music]
I actually don't know how I feel about
like Hillary Clinton like foreign policy
or whatever anymore I don't know did you
get the doctor
did they give you a copy of that that uh
spliced footage um no I don't know if
they'd even be allowed to turn that over
would an FBI person tell you what their
tip was that seems like really
responsible I'm like I'm pretty sure
you've got to be guaranteed some level
of anonymity if like you contact the FBI
with something I would imagine I'm not
saying they would reveal the source but
would they let you see what like what
the clip in question I guarantee you
it's just some [ __ ] that's on 4chan if
you look hard enough you can find it
he's got yeah I don't think like the
dude made it and submitted a complaint
it's probably just like that I see three
form that's online that someone what Y
is do you know what that it's so we can
like put all of our like I can put weed
in there for you guys we've been okay I
know I want to automate this eventually
autumn okay damn oh you're like a what's
a redstone
business to me from my chest to me I
hope to be like you to invest in me call
me that wizard the time wizard mister
man I've been thinking about that
Italian ice water wait who does what why
is our mind flutter oh well they a
creeper came in and [ __ ] me it in oh
wait what were you saying Dan oh no it's
just me and mr. moon had a romantic
Italian dinner it always makes things
really [ __ ] weird like why is that
weird cuz it was a romantic oh I'm sorry
you said it was romantic at the time now
that I don't think I did don't think I
owe money damn yeah he does man what's
going on there Dan I just talked to the
Swedish connection whoa
why the [ __ ] is the Swedish guy taking
so long Eva my money blamed it on me
honestly he said it's your fault for not
[ __ ] sending it to the accounting
department right away I said I don't
know I just
this makes your business look bad dan I
don't give a [ __ ] mr. moon okay I'm
gonna leafy a bad Yelp you should you
should have a vision in there that
obligated them to pay you within like
ten days or something with the two
percent penalty compounding interest
hell yeah dude that's why I need my
lawyer eppela what the [ __ ] you're
talkin over he acts like he and my
lawyer but he is listen let's be real
about that was you guys ready I'm gonna
do a [ __ ] hot be better than yours my
man no well okay yes old it's not saying
much but okay you know I'm just gonna
leave it there sure he's better than
e-sports Batman alright you just set the
lowest bar in the world [ __ ] why did I
click this Zeca even like an actual
where does anybody know I don't know
dude I think it is but I actually I'm
not sure I think the most irritated I
won't send you your bar card or IP man
am the most irritated I got with eSports
Batman I don't know if you were here for
this argument was when he on a Ron eclis
tried to tell me that the two party or
like one party state recording laws made
it effectively allow us to stream or
record any discord conversation and that
you could be taken to court and suit for
it yeah that's uh not true yeah well I
mean the idea would be by using this
part you're waiving your rights to be
you know you're you're in a public place
well I think the more interesting idea
would be like can you cite me a single
court case where someone who's gone to
prison or actually got in charge even
like civilly for it like recording
[ __ ] I mean the biggest issue there
is that you're you're across state lines
whose state law you can enforce it if
you're in one party or two party
recordings yeah but even if you were it
wouldn't matter like it to be more
Nebraska oh you're arguably it's federal
like federal jurisdiction because you're
doing interstate commerce like I don't
you can't make a definitive statement as
to me what hobby the Internet is like
pretty public listen that wasn't even
the biggest [ __ ] up dude how are you
gonna say that about eSports Batman the
biggest fuck-up is saying he found a
[ __ ] rocket in a barrel are you
serious know that
the biggest fuck-up that was not the
biggest fuck-up was when he ran inside
what how did this start I think he came
inside naked and he came in he's like
guys quick quick quick we got to go out
and kill this guy I was like why it was
like because he's got a bolt action or
whatever I was like how did he get off
licking boiling she's like what did he
try to say originally he found it
outside somehow and the guys at the same
time listen I didn't get cake I have
left gracefully so that I come back okay
you can't get fired if you take a leave
of absence that's [ __ ] being smart
right anyways go ahead and did the cop
thing where he [ __ ] takes a leave of a
sock I can't find any [ __ ] why is
there okay the BBB is obviously
something not that you're making it out
to be so what the [ __ ] they talking
about then well maybe besides the [ __ ]
that's a better business bureau what
else could have possibly a big booty
[ __ ] what do you think it is dan
actually yeah oh so you're all right big
booties I know what's going on put this
on me this wasn't on me you were in the
thick of it with me alright if I'm going
think of it ha it was Dan and Dan alone
no it wasn't alright hey guys look at
that you were there too we got a little
bit of things but we're all running out
here I'm trying to find some [ __ ]
sugar again dude can somebody make a
rope so I can bring back some to it mr.
mitten is it slime yeah Lassa yeah you
have to have for him Corrado blue have
you guys spent diamonds yeah yeah look a
good spanking shredding out off the
server wait are they you guys mining
them
yeah but you shouldn't write another
couple why didn't we wait for the well
you have to have diamonds to make an
enchantment table oh wow good call here
Taber wait how many one thing one
diamond but you have to have obsidian
don't you it's two diamonds you [ __ ]
sucks actually is one do that actually I
don't know hey bruh how about going
pretty what if it was the first day of
practice they look me at you funny
anything not grenade lava nice how much
you need I have one piece do you said
you need you do right yeah but you can
just keep using the what one piece right
I don't think so oh wait can you do can
I just push this sheep over probably
better than I have a bucket of water
wait can I grab some of your wheat
mister mountain and drag this sheep over
yeah do whatever you want
[ __ ] I just mean
yeah come upstairs I'll throw it on the
shore I'm outside get it yeah thanks
wait can I borrow your armor yeah sure
about to go on a [ __ ] mission
we stan is telling the story and he's
lying about it Steve how am i lying
about it firstly here overestimating
that age right here okay it's not our
[ __ ] fault what you're responsible
aren't your TV one-quarter fault damn
your fault no it's nothing to do with me
okay I don't let my [ __ ] kids get
naked outside in [ __ ] public okay
people do different [ __ ] around dear Dan
you want to see some creepy I [ __ ] you
should [ __ ] kind of Sweden sometime
holy [ __ ] what the [ __ ] that's some
[ __ ] uh that's some [ __ ] we these
people are liberated liberated is one
way
oh my god I was appalled I almost became
Christian again it was so [ __ ]
degenerate what did you see like blue
your I actually have to meet this dream
hold on what wait any of you guys
screamed out no sir hold on
you
all right I'm gonna do this hole over
here I'm gonna go try to find another
secret tunnel
you brought avatars you know the chow to
anime that's not an anime isn't okay
you're being a baby what is it I guess
also something that I've actually heard
complaints from multiple people now
apparently Swedish dudes are like way
less sexual than like American dudes
like apparently there's like like
Swedish people like Swedish men have
like a much harder time like approaching
women for like anything sexual or
anything like that like they're a lot
more reserved which is interesting
betta coxswains sure boy Swedes [ __ ]
Chad at American Eagles that's why I'm
Elena had to come to America cringe
you wouldn't know what kind do is sure I
have watched your stream before ok moon
with the fire [ __ ] report thank you
Dan
thank you macro Dan
yes Japan in Japan yeah hey listen
Japan's still happening just like and
when are you getting me my job yeah
we're going to Japan boys wait i'm
swedish and i don't agree wait what do
you what part of sweden do you live in
because i've heard this from like
multiple people now originally milena
alone told me but then I talked to a
couple other friends I don't say but I
talked to Teresa about it too and she
said like the same thing that it's
actually like really hard to get guys to
be like more forward with you in Sweden
that was like kind of weird cuz she's
still with we have people mining I don't
know ask her I don't think it's not my
place to divulge like her well yeah but
I'm gonna like the age of consent in
Japan is the 13 is that true no can't be
I mean I knew the guys over there need
all the help that sacktual e at the age
for like you can legally get married
with oh why in that case that's actually
a 77 of the Japanese Penal Code isn't a
thing that doesn't make it better for
that female partner aids less than 13
years old i didn't i heard half what you
said what you me the parents a plan of
its under 16 is engage in sexual
intercourse with a female partner aids
lesson 13 oh okay well so they at least
have to be a teenager to [ __ ] them okay
I'm getting a little sick of [ __ ] our
TBA can I be real [ __ ] this guy just
leave yeah do you know what too much
respect is given to this type of bear
yes don't [ __ ] you know what
congratulations internet channel janitor
Janner
internet dan yeah oh yeah I was gonna
say like in some [ __ ] southern states
it's like that right like you get
married you can get married still at
like 14 13 14 in some states
with parental consent yeah well the
[ __ ] up thing is apparently in Japan
you can have sex with a
thirteen-year-old but you can't marry
them until they're sixteen unless the
parents agree love shooting here
looks like Dan's losing this poll pretty
badly
oh [ __ ] you fat being cool doesn't pay
the bills I'm glad I'm not cool with a
bunch of [ __ ] Zoomers I've used a
diamond that diamon dogs Rodin did you
see that as soon as you left and stop
gave me [ __ ] advice I got a rank two in
[ __ ] T of T what do you think about
that damn hmm wow that's really
impressive that's one away that's the
first loser
Congrats dude thanks damn heard the last
loser
I don't know whatever dumbass in his
walk off mister man I'm tired of your
[ __ ] alsa dinky Winky Dan
[Laughter]
so if I can being weird about chin ski
what whacking around weird make a bed
for when I die
make a bed give me this and this this is
literally like 2d rust dared my water
lava no you're not [ __ ] I like that one
well we do get anyone else cringing
right now but any boomer all right but
it's [ __ ] shitty rust you know what
[ __ ] you guys Vicky I am doing you
boomer dan I'm [ __ ] 2 years older
than Steve so he's a Boomer there with
me Dan shut up boomer is a mindset ok
not an age
no it's an age you can act like your
resume received but deep down you're
reminiscing about that first time you're
on the [ __ ] Nintendo a bitter and
reminisce about the betrayed no hate bit
with a [ __ ] talking about Matt he's
such a [ __ ] boomer what the [ __ ] he's
such a memory cause everything in
Nintendo we're like I'm Dan I'm like a
boomer you're like a baby boomer okay
you're like oh you guys got you
Nintendo's we're gonna go stream online
into no no today Jenny what [ __ ] our
you're getting redstone dust it I my
name redstone dumb [ __ ]
not wrong with ya Jesus Dane of you
roast yourself any harder there gonna be
some Nuremberg trials for you okay
delete the vibe I'm just kidding I'm
sorry Kevin please delete the vibe
Oh Kevin's gonna ban you say goodbye oh
just kidding actually I just I'm ever no
live stream fat before safe boys I'm
gonna be the only streamer left on this
site do you think if you asked life's
you fail to take your clip down they
should respect it and do it I feel like
when they don't it's like really [ __ ]
it's got me where is your camcorder I
don't know where my [ __ ] is or why it's
not working webcam do you have working
in a minute on a sponsor refresh
oh wait actually I know why this isn't
working
get it get it no accountability and
mouton people have gamer moments okay
I'm fresh I'm for everybody having one
gamer moment alright we're [ __ ]
gamers here yeah Mitch says it in
private any you guys I never say it in
private
dan you want to get banned or massan's
discord keep it going well saving I said
it oh no [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] we need beds we
need beds who's this I have flying [ __ ]
is around and we have to sleep to get
rid of it
I put ball in one of those check oh I
have three wool on me how do I make a
bed again it's like three planks on the
bottom or slabs on the bottom on three
wolves on top
[Music]
are you shooting you find a gun with
them but he's trying to bring in the
directory where wait can they actually
oh [ __ ]
do what was trying to get the badge cuz
I want a friend guess we have friends in
Minecraft and is also 15 in Sweden in
Germany so the age of consent is lower
in some countries but you have to be
with an age to qualify for those so like
the Adrien son I think it's 15 Asuna but
I think you have to be like within 3 or
4 years I think to be able I think
Michigan it's kind of the same thing I
was when I was 16 I was dating a girl
that was older than me and my mom did
not like it and tried oh [ __ ] she was
like 18 or 18 that's two years my mom
did like her so she was gonna pull out
and he [ __ ] stopped to like get her
in trouble
Jesus Christ Taber his mom [ __ ]
rocking she's grieving statutory crime
where the pigs the pigs oh boy you're an
egg cab guy no Steve can you fix the
[ __ ] Houston Brooks
shitty I still know how to make it
better try here's one leather
oh no it's not slabs it's just three
wood planks you dumbass can look at that
it was slabs Kranz
you got a white bed
hey wow thanks whoever it is the spot
five shut up in oh man you [ __ ] and
Ukraine good sugar your place yeah but
haven't seen secret tunnel what's the
last movie everyone to hear Sacco in
theatres yeah boy was it any good it was
really good
talk about Lion King destiny did you
like it Mike actually watching I all I
could think of the entire time was I
can't believe this got okay unbelievable
I mean it's gonna make a billion dollars
oh yeah
this guy does a pure [ __ ] yo do we have
emeralds no what the [ __ ] yeah holy [ __ ]
wait he's got [ __ ] out pakka's yeah I
know can we kill him no no I
hey why can we trap him crow huh alright
emeralds like rarer than diamonds
they're white stealin from villages
right
you can trade for them why do we have
this many furnaces so yeah it's just the
furnace wall you've done ass okay accept
it what I'm just he needs to know about
a furnace wall you don't know what the
furnace wall do you even play rust look
at these babies you know how many
millions of cookies Steve no you're
gonna sign hey thread no no stop can
someone give me an iron Jojo what else
do you want to go for here Steve how
many I just wanna make like pickaxes
oh so I don't know like 10 11 or you can
give me at all and I'll smelt it all
I'm just gonna put it in if you go like
halfway down the mine there's like
furnaces I just saw once upon a
Hollywood the part between Tarantino
covering 1/3
oh no feet are good not yet
that's like really [ __ ] weird I don't
know how I feel about that supposedly
Tarantino is like a big thing for feet
he puts him in like every movie is like
would you be weird is like an actor if
he did that wait it's real I feel like
I'd be like really [ __ ] creepy
when tange is like okay in this scene Oh
in Kill Bill yeah I think she tried to
move after she was in the coma where no
way and there's like I'm pretty sure
he's got like movies breeze like sucking
on like stripper just like feet be [ __ ]
like in the movie it's like I don't know
I just I feel like I'd be like really
weird I was gonna actor I'd like to know
that like the directors like getting off
on it like all those people are ready
for it yeah why I mean I guess I mean I
mean one of the central points of Pulp
Fiction was about a foot massage - well
yeah but I mean I think that on its own
that I mean that's kind of yeah but you
know what like they're like 11 different
like things that also support you know
well I don't think it's like a it's not
like a consider to be a new movie like
has a bunch of scenes where he's focused
on Margot Robbie's feet I don't know
weirdest [ __ ] yeah
wait where's the witch mine are you
using Alison looking for the friends to
block one I know that turns you know
says that whenever there's like a major
plot point going on well sometimes he
has it centered around like food or like
the actors eating like in the movie or
whatever why should he feel about that
so [ __ ] only change you know guys or
else those even toast cantina also loves
to drop the n-bomb they're evil [ __ ]
I'm gonna put some food in there crap
wait how many movies does he besides mr.
moon actually have in Django and play
fiction does he do it in Django No
do you guys come over here we need to
build here there's this is a sign this
is a sign come here
tell us your fetishes penny cattle send
me some pics and I'll talk to you oh no
company got him
I know his fetishes there's a garage he
also drops him in Jackie Brown and
Reservoir Dogs two dozen and an
inglorious basterds damn do I have a
sign on my front doorstep that says what
the [ __ ] devar Haber what do you do holy
[ __ ] say a word
oh there goes that career yeah thinking
about your [ __ ] NFL career holy [ __ ]
yeah
how funny would leave Taber's NFL Kirk
outlaws cuz they [ __ ] on ice too much
that'd be like those mainstream coverage
again no offense never I love you but
listen tapir you had really good stats
but we can't afford to have someone
making these types of jokes online so I
hang out with a bunch of my word races
holy [ __ ]
actually I wonder if I just added
screaming racist [ __ ] if I could get
table approve but this is actually
Taylor my name is Taylor no it's not
that's tapir Taber is napping who is
sleeping off who's that who dat who dat
oh ho and now he's acting oh thanks
I was talking in through speaker go
[ __ ] mine or something you're acting
like Dan and Russ this literally is
[ __ ] rusty people yelling at you to
mine and [ __ ] we while you sit and wait
for people to bring Matt so you can
build baby
exactly where's the [ __ ] towers at
dude you don't make towers in this game
Dan would love Mike really I don't know
we're us teams [ __ ] late but I don't
know that just late are there ice
temples or snow temples you guys just
have to come back to rest
Mr Man see you can we do a rest way yeah
that would be so much fun to have a rest
by one month no not a month the [ __ ]
two weeks fine two weeks
make it happen Steve did you guys ever
fight with like a small group no well
actually sometimes we're done
no not like a small group Danny means
like freaking eight people you know we
definitely played with like less people
in that like you guys branch now a few
times yes we did sometimes Steve and I
would dick out and like dude be asked to
yeah that's what I'm saying dude a rest
life would be Paul Gers sod why are you
doing that Dan oh I like that word your
book
tamer I don't need some [ __ ] sports
ball player alright Chad [ __ ] off this
isn't a place for Chad okay Chad tired
of your [ __ ] trying to blend in your
wheelhouse monkey Chad I'm playing
Minecraft of the bunch yeah yeah exactly
this is our culture Tabor yeah you're
just a guest okay be respectful of this
space
[Music]
who's got the bucket mr. button bring
the bucket I don't have a bucket anymore
I do have iron
where'd the buck ago atlas house the
White House is you want to buy it
do you want to but here I'll give you a
bucket coming he's crafting one right
now cringe you can have more than one
bucket your mama said [ __ ] oh what'd
she say
John I'm easily have one bucket and that
bucket is her they come buck he's
seething right now guys blowing off some
seething steam I have a lead where the
[ __ ] are the thinners I don't know where
the [ __ ] the sheep are there's white
sheep in a hole out in front of her big
yeah he's fine
I gotta get a multiple ones they can
make society than what we just leave
yeah I'm trying to find the Sheep to
lead them he's molding Carol I know dude
okay let me play that gonna leave layup
really 15 one-minute he's got a bed done
we're gonna get in trouble at camp
[ __ ] tired dude should have
where's your training camp at Michigan
redditor facility like people in the I
mean like what city you're probably
allowed to say anybody can find it if I
wanted to go no everybody can find it I
could didn't know what you're asking
Oh like where's the facility in okay
East Rutherford New Jersey
it's like West End run 300 yards away
from the Meadowlands Stadium you guys
want to come out to the public day say
what's up we're your Taber snapping
Jersey is 46 point isn't the days the
public practice tomorrow and we have a
public practice Saturday it's in New
Jersey to even watch football the only
football I watches the Browns football
and their training camps in Canton and I
used to go every year with my dad okay
oh that's the only training camp I know
about I'm sorry about your dad mr. wing
good luck you have disappointed in
what's here no okay
he died disappointed you guys here they
were snapped what is your career
crumbling away one edgy joke at a time
guys oh did he die from molding is it
hereditary you realize my dad's like
actually dead right yeah good one
[ __ ] Chad
am I giving Ducker no dude is [ __ ]
dad died how do you not know we've
talked about it on streem like [ __ ]
20 times are you so much never literally
literally bring it up and [ __ ] bag but
it's nighttime I got him with a dead bad
joke oh that's why you called Dan dad
wait wait why do you keep hearing about
it do the [ __ ] noises this thing
makes
wait why are these help pack is still in
you this guy's any more boys I'm really
sorry Jesus Christ
I just can't should feel bad for many
people don't make fun of people's dads
did ya specimens your moon's day came
imagine our disciplines must be just
call your mama come bucket instead you
know I called her a [ __ ] bucket and I
can I wasn't because she's my [ __ ] bucket
okay I say that as respectfully as
possible
wait can you eat the llamas try it you
take the most overpowered and pthe guys
don't harass our visitor damn yeah
that's right
as long as the owners alive why didn't
[ __ ] I man come play with us you know
NIM likes me personally oh you're a
drama you know what they call you the
drama llama Oh
Lotso Dimond wait NIM Swedish yes I'm
done some invite Hassan he's playing
single-player by himself
oh you don't hate the guy right at least
shoot him an invite
listen shell can you come kill your
[ __ ] trees out here donation there
nice now look they go into big trees no
you have to kill them because they're
covering up my [ __ ]
yeah just mark him on a on a notepad
what are you good why are you in his on
still beeping cuz he [ __ ] went
nuclear dude holy [ __ ] i chilled okay
the day after more or less I responded
once I dropped everything and hey they
can't like was just I can't keep my name
out of his mouth okay it's not cool oh
yeah I guess it's not so much I care of
it like it's it's a little annoying like
when he like plays like well I mean I
guess I do care if he's like playing
like victim Andy but then like every
chance it gets he's like making like
these snide comments and [ __ ] about me
what I like most when I've avoided like
making any League rude comments about
him like after like our initial
disagreement like I was pretty clear
they're like I don't hate him or think
he's a bad person anything but then like
he played constantly makes like these
comments and she was like okay whatever
dude and then like and then he goes to
another he's like breguet ting myself
like on a daily basis
he's like reading my subreddit like
looking on me and all these guys are to
me like oh it's horrible these
communities like okay dude Lee I like I
read your separate every day too you
know like these you separate is
literally making two threads a day about
me and it's filled with like pretty
vicious like personal attack so to sit
here and pretend that like yeah well
kind of yeah I understand like dealing
with the hate online is hard but then
like at some point like I said I and I
have this conversation before it strain
like like you have to have like a you
have to evaluate yourself like are you
being like respectful to yourself like
would you do this to any other person
and like I don't think that I would I
don't think that I would accept this
behavior over myself if I was acting
this way for another person so I
shouldn't let somebody else like do it
to me like it's just not very respectful
of myself so not like that that's
actually a pretty goddamn good take that
I started watching you around the frost
punk era think it'll have late-night
compasses with games like those again
yeah we do every now and then they're
horrible for my stream but
we then what I when I get sucked into
those games like they are billion Oh
Roscoe he was playing that [ __ ] game
the entire time in Hawaii - Oh LC open
the bag plant fell seal yeah hey I beat
a dude it took you so long
[ __ ] me did you beat respond kindly
IV two of the missions where there were
two more campaign soon she was hard
you make up with him you won't be able
critizise much well yeah but I mean I
felt kind of [ __ ] like I don't know all
right maybe I don't know yeah I'm not
sure during your debate there was one
time when you you like didn't hear him
correctly oh maybe I try not to him I
kind of think it like nuclear on people
unless I like I really don't ever want
to talk to them again like it's pretty
rare that I actually go nuclear on
somebody like even throughout the whole
Richard Lewis thing I was actually
really surprised when he showed me that
but I but I do remember making it when I
combined Richard and thorne in that
example and I said that like imagine
this I wouldn't become full sentence cuz
they might actually be racist yeah I
don't know why I did that I [ __ ] up
there but like if you've listened to my
stream a lot and like you remember this
like I'm actually pretty explicitly in
the past said I don't think Richard
Lewis's races I remember saying that a
ton of times I just think that he like
falls into that moderate centrist
[ __ ] trap of like defending races
I do think Thorin is racist but yeah
like I mean like I I never like went
crazy on like the personal attacks on
Richard Lewis I've never gone crazy on
the personal attacks against like most
of my exes like I'm on good terms it's
almost like oh no with all my exes
actually and like yeah I don't know yeah
I don't know when people got like super
nuclear on somebody because they don't
like me well it kind of bothers me I
mean
you do it to some extent all right do
what to some extent what do you mean are
you trying to say that you personally
every bank account for example wait what
he recorded his reddit account they were
you always better to count mine did I
read damn I wind it or what when I
posted an adult in your um
oh it might have been but there was a
time okay so firstly okay so wait hold
on [ __ ] I need help I mean I understand
why you did it I'm just no no no hold on
hold on cuz there's there's a little bit
more of these memes okay
hold on I'll talk in a second okay I'm
driving right now I don't wanna get
distracted if I die cuz I drop down
you're driving yep Wow these coordinates
what chords did ever like I'm in like a
notepad like for everybody if I jump
down here do you think I'll be okay guys
that's too risky
god dammit wants to make the Skype room
good okay Martin you still talking about
chat
no what you just step anymore right no I
haven't used it no longer there's still
Skype chats
[Music]
wait what Skype chat the original one I
didn't even remember this skype chatting
oh I haven't used that gen probably
yours oh okay there was a time period
I'm 99% sure that you're involved there
was a time period with her like six or
seven of you [ __ ] that were
literally you had like a skype group and
you followed me around reddit and any
thread that I would post in you would
show up and like talk [ __ ] and yeah I
[ __ ] reported every year I reported
everybody's ready to come to that [ __ ]
was super [ __ ] annoying I'm pretty
sure you were part of it there was that
one guy that hated me so just his name
was like asdf 34 deeds you know I'm
talking about
I don't believe okay maybe you were and
you got caught in the crossfire but I
know that like that guy like a it was
like asdf like 34d or some [ __ ] but yeah
there was like a group of people that
had like a skirt girl but anytime I
posted on reddit they would show up with
like three or four different alts and
they would start like saying like really
crazy shoot if I'm like every time like
he's totally random reddit threads and
[ __ ] like yeah it was the dota guy yeah
are you sure you're talking about the
same thing because I'm talking about
like immediately after we post our like
rusts manifesto or screenshots manifesto
it was a manifesto we Preston [ __ ]
screenshots of your basement nice
all right what are we doing now but no I
wasn't part of whatever
what are we doing in game though I'm
mining diamonds oh wait hold on but
we're just marking the coordinates down
for what like what do we need a you have
level 30 and you get a pickaxe with
enchantment properties on it okay so the
goal is just to get everyone outfitted
in diamonds right now well we're just
showing for now because we need like
books I'm sure that yeah where I'm gonna
be locations we need way more that means
we need way more sugarcane huh villo is
permanently banned from twitch yeah
because of her ass on that one girl
screaming holy [ __ ] I don't know what
he's doing with his life now what's up
[ __ ] was it a vowel the scammer guy the
guy and I thought they look similar no
what are you doing here you know the
click guy
Athene no no oh I just watched those
click videos on YouTube this week holy
[ __ ]
do you think it seems in neoliberal oh
do we care about gold or no mine
because of the way that um gold works
you can't use a punch in to pick X to
get multiple so
well who put a crafting thing in the
middle of the furnaces Oh what are you
guys don't we don't need torches on the
furnaces you guys are
[Music]
look that's Rob
and I think this is a done
you know about the faster furnaces for
ores they're new
oh [ __ ] you're right they didn't make
new furnaces wait what
minecraft they it sounded like a decent
amount of [ __ ]
faster furnaces foreign is this in that
dumbass spot where I'm like no go what
is the blast furnace actually do it
faster or I would assume so Oh a greater
capacity higher speed
wait so did you catch up with Richard
Lewis after that conversation I found
more diamond
my friendship with Hassan is over
Richard Lewis is my best friend now nice
meme mr. moon where'd you get that one
from
subreddit a whole [ __ ] dude premium iam
nice got any more yo mama and your data
maybe it's time for you to stop talking
about politics mr. moon
shields suck why are you watching my
stream you [ __ ] creep
cuz who you're doing at all times cringe
time to go find some sheep wait did they
nerf shields guys cuz shields were like
like once they changed the combat [ __ ]
shields became like essential
who's the grill this is my sister and my
girlfriend
nice our boys the tapir bedtime yeah
nice
okay you just now put on a armor dude
yeah that's how I [ __ ] roll dude I go
hard don't [ __ ] around
or I do [ __ ] around I go I have sex by
the way are you sure no you wait why are
we making regular stone I'm just curious
you can pull it out for experience he
pulls out by the way nice
got any more mr. Boehner
they just hear another man
something you guys can you lead a sheep
through water or just land I don't know
we got let's try it good one Steve
thanks holy [ __ ] was that Jordan
Peterson
let's see here about Cole okay you
should get in stab and if you're posting
these links why is there no volume why
is it so [ __ ] quiet all right
these all boys I love you I'll be back
on cyber GG I love you [ __ ] you torture
I suppose I do is one of the youtubers
invented what's the other one Sam pepper
all right now I'm just getting this for
the first time this is that's good no
you know I encourage you guys and part
of the reason why I do this besides you
know you know I get a lot of ideas on
this stuff and just like when we did the
Alex Jones tour which I thought was
fascinating it has Department dude we
got [ __ ] gone
trying to find the Sheep remember our
bugs you know
speak up I don't with these live chats I
leave a note or you can go to my website
- Hansen vs. predators and there's a
section right there make a story
suggested we've got actually a handful
of story suggestions that have come in
from the website that we're working on
it doesn't have to be someone who used
suspect at the AEGON Amla and predator
obviously we look at that too but you
know we can also look at bigger picture
of stories things that you'd like me to
look into or maybe we pick that you know
something
Jesus Oh
Bogg what there's like Raiders or some
[ __ ] after Oh way to you outside yeah
yeah you need to get underground
those are the people because we haven't
slept that's what I said that's where I
said we needed a bed no no no not like
the air [ __ ] like they [ __ ] ambushed
me or some [ __ ] wait what
I don't know I may be coming back to the
base anymore
zoom you know what they're called bad
villagers pillow doing evil villagers
are they gonna come to our area
fifteen book shows oh I have no I'm 45
bucks
wait someone is saying they burned down
a wood houses where are they they were
to the east how do you make [ __ ] let's
[ __ ] we can't writing it right now it's
dark why are they there like a bit to
the east we'll go after when it's little
Daniel destiny are we just going to
ignore the fact you know hahaha sinner
both playing Minecraft you make shelter
just go over there and steal his dick
with your comrade
cuz it's weird to explain it okay you
need a wood block in top left top right
middle left middle middle right bottom
middle and they need an iron block in
top middle there that's it thank you no
problem
it's like the old days boys before
politics champ [ __ ] playing Minecraft
with the boys
Nebraska Steve's back
there's some bad hombre creepers out
there yeah I wanna should do something
about them
did you by any chance have enough for
two shields at Lowe's yeah
don't get many islands [ __ ] you Steve
Steve for more like [ __ ] sleep
[Music]
it's in the is Lupe a cringe wrapper
sometimes ESCO yeah I think so so 45
and Boris Johnson video looks like you
look out of a [ __ ] skit holy [ __ ]
this looks like [ __ ] S&L he looks like
a real life like if SNL made like yeah I
felt me I don't know that constant
personal attack another guy shouldn't
say that but damn there's iron in the
chest a few one Merman think I'm good
nice talking honest yeah cooks you
where's a good knot tsavorite
also joke see there you go oh my god or
is Dan still here hey micro damn
there's a reason not to light the ender
nether portal whatever the [ __ ] it's
called right what's the reason well pics
good I'm asking [ __ ] you but I mean just
don't hit pigs this room if you hit pigs
you will probably die more than likely
hmm Jerry play the old Lake sorrows game
seemed like jet in an academy and yeah I
watched you play some cringe the other
day with it there's a good show you cut
down the tree it's how many like the
clip what what's the club somebody like
the clip I missed would cut down the
tree please thank you
oh I know
[Music]
there are mechanical advantage having
rooster it's not just looks cool
[Music]
alright stay let's go get those
villagers oh [ __ ] there's bird things
here folks
you can hit him with your sword though
don't tell me how this could save time
another dome
[Applause]
you're Jayden or seven ATP qua which was
wrong
[Music]
[Music]
guys don't buy all-in-ones ever oh hold
on what like coolers water coolers mind
I'd like after a year and I thought my
PC was [ __ ] up so I had to I [ __ ]
that what's the word I reformat my drive
but instead it was really just heat
issues I don't know why check eat it
first
[Music]
well what kind of about what brand
wasn't it was the course name in H 1 to
10 I H 100 a or 100 I yeah I don't know
people cake with sunny all one's rigged
all the [ __ ] time
no some do but I used a lot of the H 100
eyes the this is a really big boomer
knowledge I don't know how up to date
this is anymore but the H 100 eyes in
the H 110 eyes and then the the
Thermaltake 3.0 is those are the two
that I used in most computer builds and
I never had reliability problems nobody
ever contacted me saying they [ __ ] up
saying there should then no those are
pretty reliable now Swift tech made some
garbage ass [ __ ] [ __ ] ass coolers
I'm surprised they were gonna let
illegally [ __ ] operate after how
[ __ ] horrible their [ __ ] was what's
the Sun fishing boat is a scam very PC
he's gonna be ruined for about seven
days like Ferren portions and
[Music]
the real reason not to buy a IAI oh so
all-in-ones or CLC closed-loop coolers
is because the performance is honestly
about the same as your own a big-ass
[ __ ] radiator on there with a with a
couple fans
so like the I'm pretty sure thermal take
out some big s ones that knock to add
age fourteen is like the goat or butts
the one I have ever and there's just big
ass
we just feel like a massive ass [ __ ]
hunk of metal and then put a couple fans
on it it's gonna be about as good as any
like all-in-one or close-up goal you can
get if you want to build like a custom
loop you can I personally don't think
it's ever worth it but I mean it can
leak and look cool go go for like
aesthetics but is a lot more work for
like maintenance and [ __ ] and then
building it is lot more difficult and
it's a lot more expensive
it's GPU water-cooling worth it I don't
know as much I'm sorry correction I
don't know anything my GPU water flowing
am I gonna die now
yeah sure yes you been Oh an important
okay
any reason why I don't get it water
cooling I'm just a lot of time for
something that wasn't worth it like
doing closed loops or whatever or even
like the expandable like you've been
doing like your own custom water cooling
setup
it seemed to me so this was just my my
take on it a long time ago and it could
be wrong it seemed to me like the only
thing that so here was my impression
I must have overclocked 150 rig so this
is coming from my experience and then
based on things that I read now so I
could be wrong there are people that are
probably better or we're definitely
better at building and ship than me and
overclocking to me but the way that I
found overclocking to work when I built
computers for people was what would
typically happen is is you play it you
basically play a game will you bump up
your voltage you bump up your V core you
bump up your you bump up your multiplier
and eventually you're gonna hit a point
where the where the computer crashes
because it's not stable you bump up your
via core a little more you bother your
multiplier eventually you hit like this
voltage wall where in order to hit the
next hundred megahertz you need an
absurd amount of cooling like it just
doesn't work so like on the old like
Sandy Bridge Ivy Bridge Sandy Bridge
looks a little bit better than I do but
like Ivy Bridge and Haswell usually
around like 4.5 gigahertz to like 4
point it's like four point four to four
point eight usually four point five two
six four point seven you get a couple
lucky ones to do four point nine I think
he had one that did 5.0 on air but
that's usually when you stopped and I
don't think having a water cooler would
have been the difference between hitting
that next like huge wall I don't think
so I think it just lets it run a little
bit cooler and honestly I don't know if
that matters that was like my experience
oh there's a [ __ ] seat earlier
date I built so many pcs now that I was
in dance [ __ ] data center holy [ __ ]
nice I don't know if I'd ever go back
generally water is more efficient in
cooling than just air I don't think
that's true
that's really easy argument all right
you just look at benchmarks the main
reason you would choose to liquid cool
over over plan your eggs to keep fan
noise in an acceptable level okay but
like is that really true because like
you still need at the end of the day
heat is going to a radiator whether it's
sitting on top of the CPU or separate
from the CPU and you need to just you
need to get heat off of the radiator I
guess if the radiator was like really
big then you could use quieter fans but
I mean like you could just put like not
sp1 20s what they're like silent you
could just buy like quiet fans and put
them on a radiator right like at the end
of the day your tit you're taking heat
from from from the top of your heat
spreader whatever the IHS integrated
heat spreader you're taking heat from
that and you're putting it in a big
block of metal and you've got to push
air through it to dissipate the heat
into the air whether you're doing water
cooling or or or putting a radiator like
directly onto the CPU it's like it's the
same [ __ ] I guess you can argue with
water clean you get a bigger radiator
which means more surface area which
means greater volume of air at less
speed which means quieter fans but I
think if you just throw quiet fans on I
doubt that it's like that meaning fall I
mean unless you're getting like these
massive radiators
I know I bought the Noctor one and I
don't know feels really [ __ ] pro yeah
yeah not to mention the fact that like
man dude nothing feels worse than
throwing out a [ __ ] water cooler and
the [ __ ] pump makes noises and they
do or like if you got like a bubble or
some ship trapped in your system you got
like the water bubbling and [ __ ] man
like [ __ ] dad what have I just made a
very large block of metal and no fans um
theoretically if the block of metal is
big enough I mean you could passively
cool it that way as long as there just
has to be air moving in your room you
have to have air moving over something
like a radiator kind of cools like a
person does if it's not air moving over
it then they just kind of stagnates and
you can't disperse me here although if
you have like any reasonable CPU at load
I would be shocked if you could
passively cool that enough what's the
brand of water cools you refused to use
Swift tech I'll never use a swift tech
product again there were so many
reliability problems was unacceptable
I normally when I read computer people
complaining about reliability problems
and hardware I would usually ignore it
because like if somebody has like a bad
problem they're more likely to write
about it so if I go out [ __ ] it you know
like it's whatever a lot of people
complain about swift text but I'm like
[ __ ] I'll buy one and we'll see how it
works and I are made three of the same
brand I are made one got another [ __ ]
one back army that got another one where
the pump died in three months and then I
had and then after I made that one I got
another one and it died and I didn't
bother anymore I I actually couldn't
believe it I must have put together [ __ ]
I went to put together over 200
computers for people I can't even I
don't I it was very rare that I actually
got like a do a part or a part that went
bad after a while but that Swift tech
[ __ ] oh my god I can't believe it
triggered the everliving [ __ ] out of me
okay what's the next step how do we one
you need to get full diamond gear you
need to get to level 30 you need to
start getting good enchants on it
so a lot more leather a lot more sure
you know I'm currently out leaving more
[ __ ] animals how many times did you
bend pins I had this happened to me once
couldn't pin them back um I broke I
think I broke one processor and I think
one motherboard pin set the motherboard
pins got broke because I I dropped I
think I dropped something on to it and
invent the pins in the motherboard and
then I don't well I don't have my broker
process at work was DOA when it arrived
I'm not sure what's that on your leek
depleting or whatever no I never broke
anything deal living it the deal living
process is actually pretty easy
holy [ __ ] hold on i'm watching this tire
going down the dam what do you think
tier four um oh just some tire rolling
down though [ __ ] interstate do you
think tier four sectors are still valid
for folding processes and rendering or
is until I nine so the front I have no
idea of the [ __ ] tier for socket is
that some Hamdi should have you seen the
deal ending tools you don't need a vise
in here anyway yeah apparently I was
like a lot of really easy tools no to
like deal it was dealing worth it
deleting allowed me to run processors
way cooler I'm trying to think if I
actually got them at higher clock speeds
I didn't actually record the data but I
think when I don't know if it was ivy
bridge or has well you had the D lid
because attempts on them we're just
getting ridiculous
like even pushing moderate over clocks I
want to save those Haswell chips we're
pushing like 85 90 C thank you did you
deal it and let you run [ __ ] way cooler
and you don't know what these pigs or
Calculon oh let's freedom
[Music]
hey destiny how are you
smiley face a place in the factory Tam
yeah so basically for deleting what you
would do is pour this is the process
that I had to go through back my day is
you would put oh no no no no [ __ ] hey do
you guys wanna come down and fight a
boss yeah can I do you guys think I
could kill that guy he's he gonna [ __ ]
me
Oh mine did you win
I don't know and I actually can't dig
myself out either because I don't have a
[ __ ] pickaxe what are your
coordinates hold on
Uganda to block miner the one blocking
my one block one
oh wait you're just fighting a witch the
poison can't kill you can it poison but
she also throws other [ __ ]
[ __ ] did you come I'm down my one but
there's like a like dropped water over a
lot of us you have to follow us on
obsidian [ __ ]
hey from it's your game or do you have a
recommendation of PC to get filled
without spending like five thousand
dollars literally know fuck-all about
computers but I like games
Peppa hates you killed it
yeah I think so I don't like for life
I don't follow crime can you dig me out
I don't follow belts anymore so I
wouldn't really be able to my pickaxe is
Burke
thanks bud no thank you
you're not effing for a reason wait what
the [ __ ] is f11 oh oh wait
[ __ ]
wait what the [ __ ] what did I get this
from oh did you make a diamond sir
wait a sec killing Enderman at some
point how kind of dude I killed one in
trouble
how do your tortures work right leads
alright nope just give me a light that's
that's what they're doing they used to
write usefully down dude back in the
good old days I'll cop there's [ __ ]
exploding dudes we call those creepers
creeper gutters Steve's yeah we dig all
those Dan's knowing how [ __ ] do it
okay
creeper Dan
I'm surprised I haven't made a tear of
equipment above like diamond yet seems
like a be a good man
look obsidian you do something like
insanely hard to get yeah no no no just
something
[Music]
[ __ ] that power creep well I mean after
like [ __ ] ten years of the game I
think it'd be okay to add one higher
tier they should add a new dimension
have they added a dimension past the
isn't like a leech remember workers
later everything to lose but our means
no I'm sure that's
you see if this court finally added are
you joking - actually not know about
bedrock armor
well yeah but dead Rock armory has been
in the game for like five years - and
it's not even that big of an upgrade
over the diamond ship I think they
should have like a whole new tier of
like metal stuff hey destiny can you big
ups my main man liquid Richard shoutout
Sean wranglin wait what disappered sugar
you talking about oh they made folders
for your disc or channels now wait
really
yeah so you can group them thank the
[ __ ] bore off like your private PM's
or no no like the discord servers on the
left yeah you can click on Greg them
over each other no you may be restricted
to screen black skin one no it's super
[ __ ] nice they really said this today
if you left click and hold on as discord
Channel dragging on together if not you
medical degree oh wait what did our TBA
say this is gonna sound like control but
if you hold down like control R or shift
are something to like refresh it or
reset it
it'll but it's for servers oh not
channel servers whatever shut the [ __ ]
up [ __ ] discord I still tell ya you see
it yeah
thank the [ __ ] Lord I used to get so
mad am exactly leave servers of like
dude I never talk and I just got like
spam with notifications I don't like
that it looks ugly but I'm about to all
the out servers won all the [ __ ] servers
into some [ __ ] Hess folder yeah and
then right click read all every [ __ ]
day welcome to the ship holder wait you
can turn off the notifications I know
I'm gonna solenoid switch partners the
ship holder disk we're partners
[Music]
hope you're having a good day destiny
Chan thanks bud
I am what are you streaming mr. button
know what the [ __ ] about to go about to
go where lay down I gotta wake up at
7:00 for what man why I scream at like 7
a.m.
he isn't 24 hour stream I guess I
Malone's in the chat little W boy look
oh oh no man I thought I filled up the
folder shows I'm not beating minecraft
in one sitting
Wow wait where the [ __ ] is um the scuff
pod guys that's tonight right guys
supposed to be
wait can what the [ __ ] is a little Wu's
for what's interesting a little w in a
mega long little W is like true now
what's up Megan wall it's like laughing
glass I'm real hard
[Music]
if there is ever a minecraft movie it
will be a blockbuster god I had to talk
Nathan I beginning minecraft story mode
that [ __ ] ass [ __ ] game my god though
it's just pure and utter [ __ ] it talk to
kid
some kid somebody basically made a game
called minecraft streamable do it like
minecraft it doesn't play like it at all
it's like it's really different get him
to get tell them and telltale games they
like the story kinda games where you
have like decisions and [ __ ] like a
walking dead
yeah like the walking dead one the best
one is the wolf among us it's actually a
good game all right Amanda I'll be back
tomorrow it's not gonna stream on time
boys
yeah well 7 a.m. bye we'll be waiting
minecraft scream out is tell me all
right what level you're in this game in
Minecraft 25
however crops are dead why you have to
water no wait what the [ __ ] they
shouldn't be like great does that mean
lieutenant
dude Nathan is like [ __ ] doing like
some crazy I show the computer I like I
went in and he's like dead look and I'm
like what's up and he's like I hacked my
ro box I've got like a I've got like a
million robots
I don't like wait no [ __ ] way and
then he starts walking me through how to
do the how to do the he's like look if
you right-click and spec property you
can enter in your own custom of how you
quantify it's crazy
like you're still dumb enough to like be
clicking pop-ups and [ __ ] like how the
[ __ ] are you doing this [ __ ] with the
[ __ ] oh [ __ ] didn't forget to logout
I should [ __ ] kill him
take a [ __ ]
wait he's actually he's gonna die I
think if you stand still you don't take
shirt down no I'm pretty sure
[Music]
ye-yeah
[Music]
oh there yes
[Music]
can we get a daily life advice
nothing sent by daily life advice what
do you want it to be about today okay
here's a question if you wanted to get
really really good at something how
would you do it you have to set aside
some amount of time a day so like maybe
an hour a day is an ungodly amount of
time and then just focus on incremental
improving whatever the skill is I guess
it depends on what it is but yeah if you
put an hour a day and is something you
can become insanely good at it at six
months it would shock most people how
could you even come at something sure
but what about like actual technique
what do you think of the phrase work
smarter not harder
or like train smarter or not harder
so the idea so here's how it gets the
heart of that in like grade one band or
whatever you'll hear somebody where
somebody else like practice makes
perfect but then when you get to college
somebody tell your perfect practice
makes perfect so sometimes when here's
like an example like how to practice
sometimes when musicians practice music
in like grade school or maybe high
school if they have a song they need to
practice they'll practice the whole song
over and over and over again they'll run
it down start to finish over and over
and over again but once you get to
college that's a huge [ __ ] waste of
time nobody has enough time to do that
[ __ ] so what you do is you take a you
take a pencil and you mark like these
are the sections that I need to practice
and then that's all you do you're going
to a practice room you spend 15 minutes
practicing only the measures that you
need to practice and that's it and then
like maybe later you run the whole piece
down like once or twice and then you're
done
a lot of people spend a lot of time
wasting their time practicing [ __ ] that
they already know if you know how to do
something and you can do it well don't
practice it over and over and over again
you need to work on the stuff you can't
do well I related super hard to when you
an excuse he talked about social anxiety
and over exerting yourself in college
dropping graveyard shift next week I'm
lost during the political talk but the
stream has helped me chill through a lot
of hard time
thanks Esteban less than three no thanks
buddy yeah also foundational things are
insanely [ __ ] important if you're
skipping your foundation so you should
just not do whatever it is you want to
do you don't have time for the
foundations you don't have time to do it
[Music]
[Music]
can I get some wild people Happy's for
Melina for scaring away all the LA girls
so destiny to be like a god sure a good
stream I love you desperately even
though you I think you can if you wanted
to that's probably true yeah no I didn't
like run specific drills but I mainly
played Starcraft for fun and I was good
enough at it that like I could like kind
of like do that over and over and over
again and still be good at it but that's
just because I could sink like so much
time into it like the goal with
Starcraft wasn't to like practice it as
efficiently as possible be as good as
possible I actually like enjoyed playing
the game so like it was okay like
running things over and over and over
again but somebody like Indra so indra
for instance said that if he made like a
huge mistake in a game he would leave
immediately because he didn't consider
the game worth playing at that point and
that's kind of like that mentality is
that like what if you've made like a
huge mistake then [ __ ] just leave the
game go back and play another one until
you're not making that mistake anymore
that's kind of like that mentality in
action
it's also harder to practice those games
like techniques like that like in music
like you can play a scale a million
times it's a little bit harder to do
that and like Starcraft's here on orange
like up yeah I can leak you couldn't do
it at all yeah and MOBAs is really hard
because there's so much although there
are still ways to do it if you wanted to
take it like really seriously I think
the best idea that I heard if you want
to take it like super like a super
serious improvement on something like
League would be to like one thing I
heard was like go back through any game
you play and analyze every single death
and try to get your game so that you're
not dying anymore like usually if you're
playing in low if you're playing like an
e low like less than [ __ ] maxes
whatever if you're dying it probably
shouldn't be it's pretty rare that like
I had to die there that that's pretty
rare so go back find every death figure
out why you're dying if you find out you
die the majority of time because you
don't have wards you're not watching
them and whatever and unlike control for
that
you think work ethic can be trained I
don't know it's a complicated crime you
know glorious what jackers problem they
could probably just really hard to do
hey that's what the word self-control
means right yeah but I mean it could you
train someone to have self-control that
doesn't have self-control if they wanted
to sure
yeah but then if they wanted to wouldn't
they have it I mean that's kind of like
the kid too right necessarily right
don't think so
I mean I don't know ma'am wouldn't you
say that sometimes you've wanted to do
things but like it was a little bit more
effort than I don't know you get it's
like we're there is where
to some extent what you ever taken or
some of your average viewer age if so
really [ __ ] hard 35 by the way bonus
mean get regular checkups and go to the
doctor as you don't feel normal
peace oh yeah [ __ ] I need to make a
doctor appointment [ __ ] I have like a
[ __ ] melanoma on my body I'm getting
[ __ ] cancer I can feel it I like this
weird little thing that appeared and I
thought it was just like a zit I'm like
my side or some [ __ ] but it's been there
for like three months I'm pretty sure
I'm dying and now with everybody [ __ ]
dying totalbiscuit and Jeff Michelle how
[ __ ] paranoid holy [ __ ] military does
a good job of training disciplining
people don't get yourself checked out so
you should probably probably I'm sure
just because you don't have insurance or
whatever or you pay for your own [ __ ] so
you're probably not as up-to-date as you
should be oh yeah I never had a physical
yeah and yeah you should probably do it
I mean unless you don't care but it's
kind of a stupid things there
[Music]
[Music]
wait how often do you see a dentist um I
haven't in a while when I was in my I
tried to at least like once a year I got
I have like I think that I think that a
lot of your teeth come down to like I
don't know like this might be total
[ __ ] but I'm really it feels like
there's like teeth genetics yeah I think
I got really lucky because I think I
went like six or seven years between
dentist appointments like I think in
like 2013 I went once then I didn't go
again until like literally like last
year and I didn't have any cavities at
all I don't like I mean like I brush my
teeth like at least once a day but I
don't like take especially good care of
I'm like I'm pretty lazy gonna come to
floss they're gonna shout like I try but
so um it's pretty lucky with this yeah I
think yeah I think I'm just like pretty
like am I good
it's just that once you do get cavities
they gets pretty bad pretty fast so I
don't know
the only cavities I've ever had in my
life were um ones that were trapped
underneath apparently I had shitty
crowns or something or we when you get
the things the fillings I guess is a kid
or whatever I guess I had got like 100
that once they had to like blow out or
whatever that wasn't too bad
[Music]
[Music]
the bank accounts got my teeth animated
so I couldn't clean the tooth and got a
cavity
oh yeah depending on your teeth or if
you've got like a lot of crowding and
[ __ ] going I make it harder to brush
mine shut and then you'll select brush
your gums and [ __ ] too otherwise you can
get like gingervitus since my thing
[Music]
oh I saw that [ __ ] the second car I even
without cleaning and I Reno tree linking
I've heard this mean before I might even
been that reddit post that I wrote but
um but I don't think there's actually
any empirical data to support the idea
that flossing actually helps which was
really weird when I read it and I felt
got Google around a little bit yeah I
don't think there's like any actually
peer-reviewed research that actually
points to flossing being an effective
means of like reducing that of cavities
or anything you get compared to do just
like isn't any dead I I don't think so I
think most of the studies were like just
mixed results like as long as you brush
your teeth like that was like the most
important thing but I don't think
there's any empirical data that has like
control groups of people like flossing
then having better dental outcomes of
people that don't it's not that it's bad
fears is that there was like no point
like if you just brush your teeth like
you're more or less I think I don't know
I feel like it would make sense if you
already have like not great teeth
and you're actually getting stuff
trapped in there and that could be like
I think that matters but if that's not
happening in brushing Ling does whatever
like if you're flossing and it doesn't
literally nothing like you're not
getting anything off I could see that
beam oh this cake counter some of us but
he doesn't provide any kind of study so
I might look into that at some point
[Music]
what if I guys said any dentist why
people get para Donald is he I don't
really give a [ __ ] why the [ __ ] would I
ask a dentist about the medical research
you can just look at this you can just
look at the results of the state of
yourselves like you don't have to ask a
dentist I imagine a dentist will
probably tell you to do anything that
like gets you like taking care of your
teeth more anyway I don't they be like
oh yeah don't do that
I imagine for most people it's a ritual
so if you do one then you do the other I
am if you're skipping like 20 minutes
every day it's probably ruder than if
you're skipping like - what's the point
of flossing because my dentist said that
gums pain my teeth will be damaged such
receipt away don't floss well I mean if
you like a lot of bacteria and [ __ ] grow
like on your teeth or whatever and in
between your teeth if you can't if
you're not brushing effectively if you
can't get to it for one reason another
then yeah I think isn't the receding of
the gums isn't that what gingivitis is
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
goddammit is violence samples is so
[ __ ] bad Anna triggers the [ __ ] ear
Tomasulo son
[Music]
[Music]
beware of gingivitis question mark
exclamation mark question mark
exclamation mark
nerd nice
[Music]
[Music]
dude I'm not gonna be able to stay awake
tonight for this show rap the [ __ ] is
starting
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
777 millimeters of congratulation
character while we cloud with lightning
and rain while we exclamation question
mark while we right arrow curving left
while we left arrow curving right wowie
[Music]
check reckful scam
you can use gold on this side too okay
um I'll have to watch the fight you know
I think it to that guardian angel so
sword spear on kinda doesn't make sense
I'll do it anyway then here so nice
never hear about mewing is that [ __ ]
what is mewing
Chad thinks that doctors and dentists
are just dip shoots who tell you
anything I think that generally you
should listen to the advice that your
doctor dentist gives you but I mean like
if we're asking about like the
effectiveness of like a particular thing
like let's say for instance I wanted to
know the if well I think like the reason
why it's better to take the advice of
like a doctor is because a lot of
medical stuff is contextualized and
without having the necessary education
like it's really hard to know the
context of like why a doctor might
recommend like a particular treatment so
let's say that you want to do something
like kind of complicated like something
really do like a surgery or like a
chemotherapy or something like that and
the doctor recommends something and then
you go online and you look it up and
when you look it up online
you find out like oh well hold on like
this isn't really that good like why you
blah blah blah like I don't like this
right the doctor might have reasons for
recommending like that particular thing
that maybe you don't understand although
you should be able to ask it how can
they should be able to tell you yeah you
should be asked yeah but when it comes
to something like very broad like like
something like pretty broad and pretty
general and I think there's any harm in
like just looking up the research
yourself and I mean you can ask your
doctor or dentist to I guess if you
disagree about like the flossing shirt
or whatever you know just ask like hey
like is there actually you know does the
ad a have studies that support the fact
that flossing like produces better
outcomes I mean good as I asked him I
guess
hmm [ __ ] what is 10 blocks from 7 is a
negative to mine
ten blocks from seven is negative two I
think
well what is the tell me Oh
my anxiety really bad eyes I'm totally
SSRIs like I just said we really needed
to try and get me on one because they're
good at stopping panic attacks it was
hard to go through with but he was right
on the end they don't work on really
totally coming up next mice this is
mewing clearly one of the drivers for
people coming to this channel and
understanding what I'm doing is people
who want to gain improvements you know I
want to be clear I want to help you gain
health improvements and I understand
that health and beauty are in this
scenario fairly synonymous so it is
largely the same thing I think the best
elements I think of a moment in moving
are the mealtime exercise the tongue
chewing and the ABS walk it's very
important to understand that like
mathematics or learning a language there
are many different textbook so many
different approaches everyone learns
differently so this is a very difficult
thing to understand remember I know
where my tongue is when I think about it
we don't really know a certain where
anyone elses tongue is all that research
on this has been done in laboratories or
test situations not really normal
everything I'll sit in front of a
computer you're not sitting on
television not driving car these are
things you do mister time and people
haven't really analyzed composition in
these situations a lot of educated
guesses so it is not easy finding
science or helping people to change
taking people under these conditions now
there's a lot of other my phototherapy
or oral biology training programs out to
do that and don't forget how important
general body postures and the other
people will make us gain into okay
already it wasn't enough then they need
to make do with a head and a posture up
and they need to fill the gangs in the
mouth and it sort of them weakened very
back as a forward so that you know where
you stuck at for your next move inform
your next general prison is a good one
because it's a function that is you can
you convey easily in the set so you're
going to eat something you sit down at
your dinner table you prop your food up
you then take people to the kindest man
I go in that yes eyes a little bit more
and we will be producing more on
mealtime exercise it's on the onion I
need more up there I've got two meters
I'm picking them wouldn't get up but if
you think it has making objects on the
table then put it behind on the handle I
often just take my non-dominant hand
slip it down in my belt bhai cantos now
the direction it's erection and because
I'm right-handed my left hand actually
all this time when you going to be
eating so that's reminding you to do it
if a packet of Hagin you've got to chew
your food so it's absolutely much I
remember my grandmother telling me they
get you 32 times because you have 30
teeth well I don't know about the
scientific validity of that statement
but certainly when you'd be chewing more
than often see some kids it's one two
twos and foods into your mouth and I do
worry a little bit about not to be
depending either they've got diet issues
and the muscle did you chew your food
properly Dickey with my carbohydrates
carbohydrates especially mixed with
saliva amylase in your mouth so that
needs enough time to mix and enough
cueing to mix and course enough saliva
to mix which means a decent picture
before you head down a low-carb diet
although I am on one do you try doing a
food knock out any goals in football if
poetry you don't know you can have no
money if you can do at this it's not
like with a real good and can you concur
with really good then you are forcing
buttons you're making it more difficult
often you're doing everything was
Phillip all muscle to build a tongue
coming up fill that back there the
tongue has you gets all and welcome back
to engaging with a time so everyone
engaging opposed to third on with a
subculture but really understand that
and a fear we feel the higher coming up
now the next exercise also he's
puncturing um a number of others have
self on this gargantuan cooing marathon
and of course water bombs and you look
at the lecture I put it underneath where
I look at you law I'm looking at
interview the section which is mention
the Khan effect and the outer you here
which is more for the muscle fact and I
want people really to be working more on
NAU for most people that's where they
have efficiency and so for most people
that's where you got to be the most
weapon of course I think a lot of team
days is in balance of a party and a
temper megabits function Georgia
problems is this imbalance between the
muscle and the phone effect is not
everything but I worry about people just
build focusing I'm just not doing them
not to income can be very valuable but
be careful and be careful often because
of your doldrums if you don't want you
you make so much more of a ton of fact
that it's unlikely that event
precipitated or tack on and also you're
getting the direct force of the time
like up until they weighed the [ __ ] is
mooing I still don't know I'm sorry how
many time I'm Ewing is
tongue posture okay white
[Music]
Karkand versus bullet train
bullet train isn't looking strong
kharkom gets in a right hook bullet
train is on the ground by god it's pepe
coming into the ring
Pepe slams car Caen bullet train wins
but not beautii way
[Music]
has trainwrecks said anything about the
podcast today does anyone have any
[ __ ] idea what I think wasn't supposed
to start like 30 minutes ago oh god he's
next what wait what oh my god wait what
did you say what the [ __ ] chill
destiny is in half-an-hour
it doesn't start till 9:00 PST [ __ ] dude
I'm not gonna be able to do this [ __ ]
[ __ ] fine how long was your flight
it's just like three hours what is that
like 5:00 a.m. PST
[Music]
[Music]
do they go by here you could do a
30-minute nap guys
[Music]
oh my god okay guys let's see if you can
find edgy song for my teenage years when
I was in high school there was some band
that was like not quite as popular but
they sounded like every [ __ ] edgy
like Good Charlotte New Found Glory like
that that like teeny that like like that
[ __ ] noise that would the singer
start not like a McCartney they weren't
quite as popular as those big bands
start Daphne Oh Scooby know I remember
that not blink-182 and not three days
grace not taking back sunday not like a
big not panic they just go no-brainer
the years Hawthorne Heights taking my
Sunday's Switchfoot know I could
football no fall huh boy no Jamie a
world no yellow card no May Day Parade
sing one of the songs I can't if I knew
the song I would just go with the lyrics
breaking bedroom no it's not New Found
Glory
god dammit harvest straight twitchchat
thirty Seconds to Mars no sleeping the
sirens no Red Jumpsuit Apparatus no not
Paramore
not if I finger death punch not coheed
and cambria not Smashing Pumpkins
can you hum a song now I can't even
remember it [ __ ] it wasn't green it no
no it was never that big they weren't a
band that was that big civil I know what
year I were listening to our songs
around 2010 2009 that poor can't you're
not prog rock you can Google bands
active in that year in that genre what
how I'm something I can't even remember
the song I wrote I just remember like if
I if I see the name of the band I'll
remember it I think were they ever on
the radio I'm not sure I don't think so
but it would have been like alt rock
not the fray not ankov it's not
Soundgarden not sugar hey Red Hot Chili
Peppers way too popular
not Hassan hi it's not smashmouth not 30
Seconds to Mars
oh man would be wait 2010 an alternative
rock bands reformed Panza disbanded
stop naming ultra popular bands not
Death Cab for Cutie not good Charlotte
not no no not nirvana you [ __ ] [ __ ]
it was a real crap band it was a shitty
band it wasn't a good band Nazi there
are they from the US yeah I think so
not Bowling For Soup
not REO Speedwagon
describe the band how did I first feel
something you've been recommended on
anything on YouTube
maybe I heard it on a local radio
station but it was basically just
another man band we think it all sounded
like that it was I think it's a male
singer I think they had like it was like
alt rock they had like keyboard guitar
or drums bass not popular bands not
Breaking Benjamin not [ __ ] Avenged
Sevenfold [ __ ] off
No do you remember no I think the band
had like multiple words in it so it
wasn't just one word it's not an
American football list of emo artists
oh [ __ ] what it could it be in here
alright and hold on time to read oh the
American football this is it now we're
just kidding [ __ ] morons
I'm never gonna remember this I don't
know why I thought of this will they
even be popping up to have a Wikipedia
page I want to say a long time ago they
had like aut we didn't have like a
million views so like let's say back in
2010 not dance Gavin dance
that of a music video I don't think so
[ __ ]
[ __ ]
was it Paramore I don't think so I don't
think it was a [ __ ] no this is like No
[Music]
Larry use we're not we're not gonna find
it guys okay let me read through these
it's not it's not gonna be here
I don't know if they were had songs that
were that popular but they're really
screaming no they kind of sounded like
that band we were just listening to
maybe a little bit like that like the
vocalist did maybe well maybe like with
the more like maybe like a more alt-rock
sound like like in that that late 2000s
no not Ben Folds fire
it's not lost profit so we're not stop
linking I don't earn a click every
[ __ ] link
just give up yeah and I think [ __ ] me
trying to remember if like a song name
or the name of this band had like Ferris
wheel or something in the name
I don't think so though
did they oh wait this is way too recent
the [ __ ] can you hum it no I don't
remember anything otherwise I would have
[ __ ] given it to you what was one of
their songs you use [ __ ] and yourself
ever just don't know you're so [ __ ]
stupid
not Neutral Milk Hotel holy [ __ ]
[Music]
what time range like 2007 to 2010 it's
not Silversun Pickups god dammit let's
see if anything jumps out at me this is
too big of a list
huh
I'll shut a drink try to dream about it
tonight okay
Fleet Foxes count assault rock with the
[ __ ]
[Music]
I thought Fleet Foxes was no strain and
take a one-hour nap the intro will be
done by then
check the song you're not even licking
me like an artist or like a song title
no [ __ ] no oh my god
I seen you type a million times at
Trina's live Thank You wakame really
[ __ ] triggered now hey what what are
the coordinates for me
[Music]
what's that noise what is that what
here her Brian shut the [ __ ] up finally
know by the dumbest chick is a [ __ ]
Nathan
negative 220 Haiti thanks
Oh
okay I'm gonna head I'm gonna take a nap
okay I'll sit over there okay I think
I'm on yeah see you later
