so welcome everyone to DT podcast
episode 25 correct I just changed it
from 24 to 25 because you said 25 so I
okay well I am pretty you know it's 25
now 25 it's sad that we never never
freaking know that's I feel like only
like maybe three episodes so far we've
actually definitively known one episode
it was and then like whatever the first
break happens whenever it's been non
consistent like 26 wait 20 of like
saying all sorts of different answers
yeah you yeah counting backwards which
is just like maybe we should just ditch
the whole idea of numbered episodes and
just call it like the date boy Wow maybe
I don't know like just because like the
implication here is that people are
gonna search by number like remember
what episode 20 whenever uh they talked
about a [ __ ] note circumcision in USA
or whatever and then like that's really
happened right so the whole point of
classification for searchability some
kind of like implied table of contents
is completely non-existent you know so
it's like [ __ ] do maybe just abandon
the dates entirely whose or abandon the
numbers of making the dates that would
that be like a maybe that's my my
suggestion I'm gonna follow it in the
suggestion comment box you know the one
that is like that one that literally
feeds the UM the fireplace at our local
work environment okay Leah hopefully
gets read by someone someday okay but
anyways okay episode 25 ish
you got your boy trihard and on the on
the ones and twos along with the my
wonderful co-host here our one will
co-host destiny Ben I mean who is back
in K Kona land USA but even better he's
back home
thanks right that's right my am back
home indeed as I feeling it how does it
feel to be a cuz now because it last cuz
last last week you were telling me how
you were like ready to get back because
you were like you were in USA but you
were uh you know you were around Nathan
back in back in the motherland now you
back in the hustle and bustle what you
really wanted to be and it feels great
streaming [ __ ] ten hours a day even on
the day I was banned i streamed eight
hours that day how it went
you tube or you just like no I started
early I'm [ __ ] kidding on these hours
right now okay get in the back baby got
got a clap got a got a rebuild the army
yeah to him and that one yeah dude yeah
that ban was something else too so okay
I got I got a couple of uh mocha see
it's been it's been awhile we taste that
special day because we waited until
Friday because one ounce kind of slammed
Wednesday but even better five head take
here was that we uh by waiting until
Friday
we can let we let the dim debates
completely conclude rabbit and have an
episode in the middle of the two part
night or the two night to night two-part
debate nothing so now we can come in
with all the dust settle with all the
reactions already clear out and review
and talk about talk about that we can
talk about the debates as long as you
know is it against them is it against
the DMC acai price drugs can we can we
at least talk about the debates that
without gonna stop yeah okay okay yeah I
was beat satirical by the way I knew the
answer was obviously good yeah but I
know I got [ __ ] don't worry okay okay
yeah so we can talk about the debates we
get well throughout here on on on today
we got a we got yesterday's big news you
know August first was a big mix-up for
one of the no mix-up no pun intended
here for for the biggest dreamer on
twitch war was a ninja moving over to
mixer we can talk about that if you want
to because more so than just the the
action happening in the boring
speculation over how much what do you
think is money in terms were and all the
other [ __ ] more about the the culture
and of streamer of his size actually
leaving the dominant platform what is
that what that mean for the other people
and there's a school to set a precedent
for what can come from other people
who've probably been offered similar
deals but have declined because of the
fear leaving the platform but now that
it's happened from the biggest one was I
mean going forward what could happen
does it happen oh my god I didn't even
realize I just started looking into the
ninja streaming today on mixer yes
correct yeah how much what was his
average partnership on twitch who I
don't [ __ ] I don't know III didn't watch
ninja very actively so I know he had
like 100 K average back when
fortnight was like was you know Lu but I
don't know I don't know what it was like
these days um I would assume probably
less than half of that because it's kind
of easy had these viral things pop off
and go looks like his average viewership
was around 40k so he's on mixer right
now streaming to about 70 K hmm
but again it's also inflated though
because of though it's not just him
streaming streaming at the Lollapalooza
even shardcall Craig I don't know how
much of an impact his viewership but he
just switched over so I would expect to
see this get quite a bit higher today
I'm really curious where as a viewership
is gonna settle after a few months after
like one month I'm super curious yeah
that makes me mean you both actually and
also the UH also the sub account too
because uh are you well guess where we
can we go are we going this right now
I'll still be capping here I don't think
I'm self count is gonna be that
interesting cuz um he's gonna have way
less because of prime substrate
everybody's making a lot of money anyway
cuz he's gonna well there's a variable
to it though there's a variable that I
could get you when we get to the topic
destiny oh yeah go for ya go
damned really bad debates ninja on mixer
breastfeeding now legal on on twitch
which recently Wednesday was gonna be
the like it's funny because between
Wednesday and now this guy legalized
like our I guess what's that's word
legalized I don't know what I'm gonna
call it Wednesday this was against cos
or or delivery beef huh decriminalized
that's what you decriminalize yeah
breastfeeding was the was was
criminalized including having a deleted
footage and spin the channels and now
every or two days later it's already
been resolved now I can talk about the
aftermath rather than the current
incident itself here and then finally
seven from the dim the Democratic
debates when we can kind of go into a
dialogue about the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act and these DMCA copyright
strikes that uh that had been clapping
everyone hear me you and everyone else
do was covering the Democratic debates
well no actually just you Manus on know
what else got bad for it I don't think
really know because I saw all my
viewership flow over to David Pakman in
the Geordie report and they streamed the
end of it yeah but okay so that's a very
valid point there I was going to say
just at every partner channel because
they're not partners that's why they
were they were they were like left alive
maybe yeah I mean it's why that's a lot
gonna think of here
oh yeah those are the topics there so um
unless you pick a you know pick a number
one through four roll the dice and you
pick which one you want to hop on first
well let's start with ninja going to
mixer all right let's do it yeah let's
do that one okay so ninja going over to
max Marin
exclusively all right so so just to
recap everyone who doesn't know here you
probably saw was like one of the bit was
like one of the big tweets of ninja that
delivered yesterday had a complete with
like a little two minute commercial with
a little press the pseudo like press
conference where he announces that he's
exclusively moving over to streaming on
mixer we don't know the details of the
of the deal itself here like how long it
is just kind of implied indefinitely but
I think what are years is what I've
heard is the contract okay I figured
it's at least two years yeah for sure
cuz like I couldn't see mixer like
offering him enough money to do it and
them not at least getting two years out
of it so and the reason why I would say
at least to comfortably even though I
agree or three if you can pay for mixer
you have you can get three Capri I'm
sure at least two here's because uh we
all if you didn't sure we all know here
that ninja wasn't always a four-time
player he's been he's been a competitive
halo player as well from back in the day
and with the new halo coming out next
year halo infinite I suspect that
they're gonna like he's gonna be mr.
Xbox um next fall with the the new Xbox
coming out the new halo coming out him
being you know I guess it synonymous
with Halo or can be or will be so
they're gonna wanted like you know milk
that milk that uh those like those cross
points for at least a year so with that
in mind at least two years for sure
uh-huh
but continue on though yeah so he
announced his going them over to mixer
exclusively so means that he's
abandoning his twitch thing being the
most um thank you being the most
followed a twitch streamer being on top
and then now he's saying hey I'm I'm a
brand so big now that I don't need the
the backbone of twitch I can sustain
myself across any platformer environment
because I'm ninja cover of ESPN you know
host of the ball drop at the New Year's
Eve celebration I mean the guy you
should have enough money to retire
forever so technically he could sustain
himself streaming on
anything right on anything you're not
wrong there yeah for sure so so yeah it
moves over to mixer now and now comes a
lot of questions here which was tweaking
it to some of the fun stuff here so if
you want to talk more about the deal we
can
there's the boring part here's a deal I
guess right the deal is like okay how
much money how much money do you think
he took and what do think his terms are
gonna be I mean I don't really know I
don't if I want to get into
hypotheticals about how much you thought
it was making but I was expected it's
probably like an 8-digit deal if you
think it's a eight-figure deal um yeah
of course yeah yeah of course I agree
that so yeah cuz as Mike requests
Microsoft money and I imagine that like
based I mean I want to throw you the
things I've heard but I don't want to
like I feel them just kind of gossiping
over thing isn't even that important but
they're right so my guess that I said
yesterday was that 10 million would be
laughably low I said that 50 million was
the floor that would I be what I would
think like 50 million and then plus of
Senna's so like better sobs better bribe
split stuff like that that would be my
guess but but yeah I don't know yeah so
I okay well supervised now I I threw out
there that anyone who says anything less
than ten is comical and like I'm sure
he's cuz it's like such a big move for
him it has to be like intuitive because
you lose well ultimately the thing is
peer-on-peer revenue here you losing
prime subs like you're you know you're
losing tens of thousands of you know
guaranteed subscriber options there you
have to like use a new ecosystem it's
like it's a risk ultimately so you gotta
like mitigate that risk somehow and that
means like me better give me a fat
payday on this contract beyond that I'm
doing for y'all
yeah so yeah I agree with you there ten
million to me would be the floor 50
million yeah I could see happen to
actually that's that's a that's unlike
Dave Chappelle season two numbers right
there but um you know after all it is
Microsoft money and they and they want
to make a statement I'm not sure if they
got the largest influencer from their
leading competitor yeah it's a big move
like it's a big dick move you're
absolutely right it is
there's some big dick energy so so that
happened yeah I agree with you two to
three years for sure I don't think it's
a I don't think anyone's uh you know
taking it seriously it's a lifetime
things AB
then I would have to fire like ninjas
agent if you actually didn't get that
out throwing the claws there huh but uh
so yeah and then from there more about
it here so he's doing his Lollapalooza
event uh but John always be playing for
tonight there I'm assuming right yep I'm
right now okay okay let me get this open
then I'm Pearson arrow tab I wasn't
really going it's just playing for it
that's it what about I want to know I
wanted me to know though I thought that
didn't mix here so yeah I am alright
yeah you're right in playing that okay
so for four days long right the the
Lollapalooza event or whatever yeah so
he's doing this event for however long
it is and then he's gonna be at the Red
Bull studio for another four days
wherever it's near to do streaming there
and next later late next week he'll be
back at his like his crib in Canada like
doing is like uh his routine streaming
at that point so I was any of what I see
a lot of people speculate on memories I
would say like less than a 100 K
concurrence for this stream i think
would be pretty bad considering all the
hype around him moving and then I think
150 would be like the goal that'd be
like a total [ __ ] guess I don't know
what Ninja is like maximum all-time high
viewership is but I would think like 100
would be like at least what you would be
looking for he's at 75 right now I don't
know how long he's been streaming he's
been gaining so well but we're giving
them used to admit that he had he had a
forty K average on twitch before this
migration here I mean he's almost
doubled his view count right here like
well yeah but there's a lot of hype
around this like move so like whatever
he gets today is gonna be severely
reduced over the next week or two so I
would think you'd want to start with a
high base that I would say like um like
100k concurrence would would be like
okay I think it would be decent and then
150 I think would be like pretty good
okay well I can agree with you guys
inflated I know you're looking at it
like he should be like gaining office
move I feel like it's more like you know
can I can I just retain what I have from
twitch oh yeah no I know but like
there's a lot that's being said here
about his move like we're looking at
like the viability of another streaming
platform which was has never ever been
seriously considered the only other time
in streaming
stray this was considered was was in the
earlier days like with own TV and maybe
azubu not even own TV I think has been
the only other company that's been like
an actual threat to to Twitch's
establishment but other than that
platform like pretty much nobody's been
taken seriously it's like a viable
platform to stream on for an extended
period of time
so if ninja can actually move over and
retain his viewership or even grow that
statement is gonna be very powerful and
it's gonna cause a lot of other
streamers to be looking at scooting over
I wouldn't be surprised if a lot already
have actually just because they want to
take some of the overflow from when
ninja stop streaming if I wasn't a
larger streamer if I had like several
hundred concurrence or whatever
especially if I wasn't partnered I would
be doing streaming one hundred-percent
heard that no no that's a fact it's a
very very valid point there's more to
get into to the - here - there's also um
I think you're else was there was along
that before
so people were boring speculation here
is like you know what was his deal but
to me the woke one are the positives
here the fact that you know we're you
know mixers making some big moves here
and I feel like it has to be paying
attention now and it which hasn't had
like a legitimate form of competition
debatably really ever but youtube gaming
who kind of gave some some threats at
some points but they you know that came
in win at this point I don't know
YouTube gaming ever represented like a
serious threat oh okay so by that I mean
so in 2015 at PAX West I remember
specifically here that YouTube gaming
had a bigger booth than twitch twitch is
booth wine sure let me let me I know
it's anecdotal let me meet let me
[ __ ] let me finish do goddamn okay
okay
and then also I heard deals are though
that like YouTube gaming attempted to
buy out some of the some of the veteran
trimmers at that time but they chose to
remain platform loyal because it was
like a too big of an unknown variable
for them sure alright so like they had a
bigger booth because they had no
presence that's why you have the bigger
booth it doesn't mean that you actually
are like being a threat it means you're
trying to be that's why you need the
booth which probably doesn't booth of
that event cuz it knows it doesn't mean
[ __ ] all at that and then I don't think
YouTube bought a single big influencer
from twitch I or at least if they did I
didn't hear about a single big
influencer switch yeah they didn't or
all I know is that I heard that people
were
offered very lucrative deals for that
time like things I think at that time it
was it was I was like uh it was even
like feasible to be to be offered like a
seven seven-figure deal to lock in there
but the parents what some people are
offered but they something declined
because they were like you know they I
don't know either they enjoy twitch or
the culture of the chat or whatever
maybe or just disagreement to make
honestly uh-huh now with that in mind
here Lissa before I get into some of the
benefits I would say they're kind of the
fun parts here aside from money what
other reasons do you think that ninja
would have took this deal
I mean clearly was he not in a losing on
a realm of comfort at which itself or
was he kind of was it like more negative
than I'm then I'm thinking actually was
for me that honestly I don't know ninja
well enough to say I mean like if I knew
him really well maybe I could make like
a hot take here where it's like ninja
actually really cares about like the the
livelihood of streaming and like making
other platforms competitive or maybe
Ninja is actually like so business
driven that he's challenging himself to
like support another platform and get
out of his comfort zone but but I don't
know him well enough to say it literally
could just be like a brand move slash
money-making move I don't know yeah no I
hear you on that one
well some people have told me again this
is purely speculations I don't know I
don't watch a ninja actively I don't
really watch for tonight at all is that
uh he had been um he had been declining
numbers and had even though he's the
most followed streamer he was not the
most popular and of course whenever
you're that visible and you have that
level of clout you know from being on
the cover of ESPN Magazine and you know
doing the ball drop and all these other
things he's been uh you know
participating in he you know you put on
a higher level of scrutiny so of course
you know you look at how how much
dockets memed on on into its culture you
can imagine like the minute that you
know ninja removes a sub counter or
ninja is no longer like the undeniably
most highly viewed streamers like dream
looks too extreme for some dude so maybe
that made it I got to him I don't know I
could see that being a thing could've
been a mental health situation a little
bit there I mean he has he has done
there is one interview I recall here
where I quoted on on Twitter where he
was talking about uh he was kind of
caught in a trap I would say the mental
trap of a streaming where you're kind of
like comparing to your Peaks rather than
being a little more objective and
comparing to your average when it comes
to like view count and other metrics
in one interview you mentioned how um
how he wants he wants to get live ASAP
because it's taking as little time as
enjoying like eggs and toast in the
morning for breakfast
he can lose 200 subs in a matter of like
you know several you know 60 seconds
sure like I mean right his love life and
guessing you know that the subconscious
you know it's fluctuating all day you
know it's just bleeding down because
your Peaks are so high and the higher
you are the more fickle you know the
mini losing 200 subs do not streaming
for two minutes you're probably also
gaining like hundreds of subs like every
time you stream as well right
yeah I mean I big assumption I don't
know that's just like what do you said
an interview that was kind of like
alarming to me about where his mental
state was at that time so it wouldn't
surprise me if you wanted to just like
kind of like you know lose dad just kind
of move on from it I guess uh-huh but
then again I don't know it's like you
know you're making like a [ __ ] you make
it like a [ __ ] ton of money I wouldn't
even really worry about that point yeah
like I don't know but maybe I know maybe
you know more money more problems I'm
not in his bubble so I don't know what
the [ __ ] he's got a deal with here so
okay so with that the positives though
right is that a mixer could be giving
serious or serious competition threat to
twitch and that's good for viewers and
partners right yeah for sure
so on that note here do you think that
like twitch is uh I'm gonna prepare some
kind of like spiteful announcement at
twitchcon in regards to like ninja
moving over or does anything come to
mind as far as like what twitch may do
in reaction to this or I don't think you
could do that as a major company I think
you would look really petty and really
bad if that were actually the case
that'd be my guess I mean I could be
wrong but cuz like I mean like they're
just like some horrible [ __ ] they could
do or they like make up so like you
can't play with other like partnered
mixer streamers there's some weird [ __ ]
like that but I think that we just end
up making it too much look we're really
bad yeah I agree with that actually I
didn't think about that either I didn't
think about like what you do uh actually
what's the official role in that so you
can't you can't play with banned
streamers right yep art but if they're
on a competitive platform there's
nothing against that right I mean not to
my knowledge if it with that was against
the rules I would be insane but yeah
right so I figured okay
no no just just trying to see what were
things
at this point with it okay so from
that's a lot for you there yeah and they
just want to make sure we'll see how
that works out long-term you know oh and
the last part here too is that uh so no
the other the other people who are like
in the top you know Oh point zero zero
one percent you know your doctor Lupo's
your Tim tap man's your I mean debatably
your shrouds dude what do you think that
we think they're gonna do now do you
think anyone would like um if they're
being offered you know let's say like a
you know the bottom line eight digit
deal or maybe like a lucrative seven
seven-figure deal do you think that um
any of them would would consider moving
or think this drinkin that could
continue further on now for other people
my clothing over to mixer yeah or or
other platforms mean there's there's
mixer there's a facebook gaming there's
I'm sure is another one my being over at
this point but they don't know those are
two that think they have like you know
[ __ ] little money to throw these kind of
things I mean III don't know I can't say
anything it's so like I think like a
couple weeks after this ninja move I
think we'll have better information
it'll be hard to say if for instance
like because I could make a lot of
predictions right now but if in three
weeks and Ninja has like five thousand
concurrence on mixer that's gonna be a
lot different than if in three weeks
Ninja has you know like fifty thousand
concurrence on mixer you're right you're
right
oh and the other thing you're too bad
with the big variable if you didn't see
right now everyone gets a no one's
actually yeah yeah no one's actually
paying for subs right now it's like you
get they're trying to like you know you
um free trial the way into the ecosystem
so it's like you get a two months free
when you redeem huh
so these playing explains cars were I
you know it's like that's pretty it's
pretty cool um you know anchor off of
Lollapalooza to do a big event followed
by you know giving them the free subs
that way there's like no it's minimally
harmful for them to get into the
ecosystem and then you just like try to
retain as much as you can at that point
uh-huh
um so yeah I guess we'll see we'll see
where that goes dude we will see where
that goes I will say one thing though
about a about mixer itself here as far
as its UI goes
um the I like that chat actually has
like a dynamic emote behavior like um
like how no matter what you do on twitch
emotes are the same size right I mean
sure there's like there's like a there's
like higher dpi pixel density versions
for like certain platforms if you're
using like a 4k monitor or like your
phone but like do the emote the emails
get like big and [ __ ] and whenever
they're doing things I'm just like the
Y's twitch which this thing is so so
static by comparison yeah this is one of
the huge value ads that I said would
have made tear to or tear three sub
silentio met out they didn't give you
the option have like an emote that was
like twice as large if you're like a
tier 2 or a 2 or 3 sub I completely
agree I would add a huge value added
people would have flocked to tier 3 subs
if you could have like a [ __ ] forest
and emote or some [ __ ] that's like twice
as wide and like a twitch chat oh my god
people wouldn't want grazie for that
[ __ ] yeah
just give me like yes give me like it
yeah give me like a bigger pixel canvas
dude like the things I could do if I
have like up if add quadruple the width
but the same height yeah I can do so
many things dude like I can do like
freakin I can do um [ __ ] do you know
what how it paid destiny if for me to
have like a Nathan W that was just like
stretched you know all pixelated and bad
you know I mean just give me the
freaking wide ask Nathan W like I would
love that dude yeah it would be so sick
but here we are yeah I'm hoping I'm
really hoping to actually announce that
for this year like because uh the thing
that Anning brought here is the fact
that like tier two and Tier three subs
have been out for two years now and they
haven't done [ __ ] with it at all
you don't like there are so many basic
ideas you get done by now that don't
require any like really additional
functionality to exist including things
like um you know if you have a certain
amount of tea or twos into your threes
you unlock more slots for tier 2 and
tier 3 like maybe just give it more
emotes like what do you gain by it being
only like one one slot like I can't do
[ __ ] with that dude I can't make a combo
I can't it's not bigger it's not
animated it's just more of the same it's
[ __ ] garbage
uh-huh so more slots animated I don't
know do [ __ ] dude give me like
something dude [ __ ] and killing me right
now I don't know it was like I think I
should do
but yeah that's uh today I'm excited I
see that's pretty cool mixer I'm kind of
curious of where it goes
I was looking yesterday and it seemed
like the the top stream was actually the
master cat which was just kind of like
you know blasting the monster cat audio
across you know they were doing a vibe
on YouTube and switching it makes at the
same time it's kind of funny that like a
multistream was like the top stream on
on mixer yesterday before it'll be
really interesting to see like what the
with the status of mixers is a
platformer in three weeks this is a
conversation I like yeah there's so much
that can happen right now it's really
hard to say what'll happen but man in a
few weeks the data coming from this is
gonna be super [ __ ] interesting yeah
definitely
oh wait one more thing before we go in
that actually um you know it's in the
you why there's like there is like
enhanced user interactivity on mixer um
user interactivity on mixer yeah like
there I don't know I don't know how it
works exactly here but I saw like a
streamer doing yesterday there's like a
if you go to like the page and there's
like I'm yeah you may be overlays and
everything yeah like you can like like
bits can do [ __ ] with the streams I
don't know they're equivalent bits this
was supposed to be what like the twitch
the Twitter not overlays what do you
what's the name for this product the
like the extensions right are they
called extensions on Twitch yeah
correctly yeah this is supposed to be I
think what they what they dreamed of
this product doing although it hasn't
seemed like extensions have really come
out much yet to do what twitch
originally wanted them to do yeah that
made the problem there is that it's like
um I'm not seeing there's no like
there's like no first party ones right
like the extensions are all like for the
most parts like third party stuff but I
haven't seen like em seen like the first
party really lead on what can be done
with them uh-huh but I could be I could
be wrong though I might be full of [ __ ]
I haven't the extensions in like quite a
few months honestly but um but yeah I
just saw that and I'm like okay this
it's all native so it's like you get a
really good idea what's going on there
cuz even just like even the exercise
like having to go to the extensions tab
like enable things is already like then
I turn off like 80% of the users minimum
who are not gonna bother to go that far
into it but whenever it's a native first
party thing and it's on by the fall and
you just click that button to see what
else it does you're like okay this is
this is different than twitch yeah
pretty sure mixer also had like a lot of
cute [ __ ] going on I don't know if they
still do this but on the front page
I think they had like they had like
algorithms that could like watch streams
and figure out like when you're winning
games when you're unlike a win streak or
whatever and I think I had it set up on
the front page so that you could like
click somebody who's like in a top four
situation and like pub G or fortnight or
[ __ ] like that like they had that kind
of text set up - does anybody know if
this is still true one mixer or mmm yeah
it was like it was some pretty cool [ __ ]
yeah yeah well that's doesn't move to
make honestly you know it's all about
differentiating yourself as much as
possible from the competition to make
your X Factor as blatant as possible
uh-huh Oh make sure I was up to a 10k
bitrate and a half second delay as well
oh yeah it's called the hype stone yeah
yes almost um is to actually that
they're um yeah they're latency is a is
better but also wonder is that is it
kind of the hitbox advantage where it's
only that because it's like they have
like a scalable yet maybe yeah they have
like you know under less than a quarter
of the traffic you know I mean maybe a
quarter here it's actually a lot less so
one thing it is way less I think
twitches market share was like 70
percent and mixers is like 2 or 3
percent or something
in terms of yeah yeah although what so
one of the big things that I was gonna
look for today over so this gesture not
is one thing that would look really bad
for Microsoft is if ninja came over and
they pulled a blizzard and their servers
couldn't handle the day one load but it
looks like they're just fine
yeah blizzard is notoriously [ __ ]
aids for this at any time they launch a
game or do anything if you guys want to
play like anything a blizzard like on
release date you're better off like
going to sleep right when it releases
waking up in eight hours and then seeing
if the server's work to log in dude you
were not lying I remember okay I haven't
been there for every blizzard game guys
I remember particularly Diablo 3 launch
how [ __ ] ass aids it was dude I heard
it was like just on [ __ ] Rio like it
was like almost a full day of just like
people could not get in and then when
they get in it was just like unusable
anyway so the [ __ ] matter but it
looks like mixer servers are doing fine
probably handling three or four or five
times the traffic they normally do I
don't know how much ninja stream is
compared to the overall viewership of
mixer but you know he's sitting at
83,000 concurrent now he looks like he's
looking right now and fortnight stop
directory is 93 K and then the second
highest one is music at a k so pretty
pretty pretty dwarfing guy
see the least here yeah for sure okay
well that's what we got for you right
there not as far as what an engine goes
let's see the next uh the other topics I
got for you here we hittin him up here
we got a we got breast feeding on Twitch
decriminalized we got dem debates then
we got the aftermath of dem debates
which will be the DMCA strikes what do
you want to go or is there a our topic
that you had here actually these are all
he's only the four that came up with for
this week honestly if you have if you
have anything else gonna bring a table
here I'd love to I'd love to hear about
it what do you want to talk about
whatever your next topic is the
breastfeeding thing I don't think we're
gonna disagree on that at all right like
we or I don't know what do you think you
think women should be allowed to
breastfeed on twitch yeah I read her
thing I I didn't get to catch the
clipping question here but uh it seems I
have not been opposed to it I feel it's
conscious like some really awkward like
I don't know Christian sexuality taboo
when it's a natural occurring thing so
I've always been like if your kids got
to eat kids got to eat what are you
gonna do and like just yeah I'm punished
Brotherhood like I thought you can't
really be opposed to breastfeeding even
though I'm not trying to equate here but
like action if I'm about to do you can't
be opposed to breastfeeding and still be
for like maternity leave I would say
like both are both are just gonna be
like biological functions of having kids
and you gotta like respect that and not
feel like someone's like some arbitrary
sexual boundary because like who a
nipple stuffed or whatever and it's like
and this is what happens - uh-huh so but
yeah I mean do you disagree with that
like I mean I necessarily agree that
comparison but I mean I guess like the
goal the broader go for like the
breastfeeding conversation would just
feel like it'd be nice if people could
do it and I think it's a [ __ ] huge
deal like yeah yeah I know she seemed
like a I was reading the whole thing
about it used to like as a mom who's
just trying to do her thing and she
usually streams you know whenever the
charts of sleep but when he was up when
it's awake you know what are you gonna
do other than just like you go afk for
20 to 40 minutes breastfeed and your you
know your numbers plummet so it's like
oh this sucks is this being the sucks
for being a woman and having a kid
everything else here so hey
well one thing I wanna clarify our to
chat is that she wasn't she like had a
friend over and she was having like IRL
coffee time with the friend talking
about I don't know stuff or whatever and
then the kid was hungry at that time and
just you know they can continue to do it
while she was there doing it
I guess really bout it honestly but yeah
at first - um so happened was that
happened
she gave an elaborate statement on like
the situation that led to it she didn't
like explicitly like say hey I'm it's
time to breast feed on camera just the
the child needed to be fed while she was
dreaming when she drives are usually
dodged streaming while the child's awake
you know this because you know kids be
like that whatever or Tyler toddlers
toddlers be like that this is shameless
as [ __ ] but I have a sick idea yesterday
or I might I saw some somebody red shot
I'm gonna do a podcast and just have
like seven breastfeeding women hot to
talk about like the struggles of being a
mom or some [ __ ] that'd be funny as [ __ ]
yeah like have them all like
spontaneously lactating it's just like
yeah this is what it is isn't it like
it's crazy that would be shameless but
like okay what else is there here the
pause here there were some pretty sweet
or we move on from ninja here did you
not see some people who were calling him
a sellout we saw what that actually
first family start gross Igor so say it
so I'm trying to like project too much
than a bunch of other people are saying
it but yeah I mean I was that's pretty
dumb you don't know anything to a
company you work for that's pretty silly
okay now that was the one I saw I
thought it was a joke until the very end
I was like no he's being serious this is
when I gots like the final five seconds
of the minute in a minute and five
second video I was like oh he's not
gonna JK here he's really just being
full-blown like serious like like like
as if like he has some kind of like
tattoo the obligation tribal thing is to
twitch or whatever that's kind of weird
it's okay you didn't your values but I
don't know if you would particularly had
to be loyal to twitch in order to like
do your own thing any company after
whatever makes its money its which will
do you're biased oh [ __ ] you know you
can't say this [ __ ] dude [ __ ] solid
dude you know you're not even low to the
TWiT subscription program you got your
own alternative methods that people can
use
also I subscriptions for you're not
loyal you don't believe in the product
which itself year yeah wait that's what
I just said that's totally consistent
what I just said go get yourself
whatever makes you the most money that's
trying pretend I got I got you right
there and be like wait a minute
all right so anyways though now you
smart it's five head right there thanks
I try so alright back to us so back to
breastfeeding here the uh which
entertainment topical quick here we
talking about breastfeeding
um um on the side forgive me I feel like
I'm not as informed you might you guys
might have had a more in-depth
discussion on this on a on stuff podcast
last night because I thought all those
like one of the things you were gonna
cover about breastfeeding or the next
topic or the breastfeeding yeah we I
know we've talked about this on like
three different podcast I thank you okay
okay then we can we can move on things I
don't have any I really you probably saw
more than I did and know more about it
from years yeah we don't I don't think
we disagree on anything so yeah okay
yeah the one the major takeaway that I
try to give people when talking about
this is it like when people like oh well
I'm still gonna be was sexually whatever
like that's totally fine you can view
anything you want as being sexual that's
totally okay you can sexualize whatever
you want that's fine just don't make
your sexualizing of somebody else their
problem if you're gonna sexualize
somebody breastfeeding because you think
it's hot or whatever that's totally fine
if i can do it but don't go and tell
somebody else that they have to change
their behavior because of what's going
on in your head that's usually like the
main take I try to go no I think it's a
it's a very very fair point actually
yeah dude I just I've seen a lot of read
a lot of stories are about the the
shaming of women trying the breast feed
and various faucets like it hits me kind
of weird honestly it's like okay that's
weird you got I gotta like you gotta
like be shunned away in a corner of some
kind of like um I don't know since of
Shamus because you got a feel but you
got a feed and it's like okay well and I
kind of wish I had stats on me here
about like the benefits of breastfeeding
and what's done with that oh I don't
know if there are any actually that's a
contentious area now I think
but really it wasn't accepted this way
it was accepted for a long time that
breastfeeding like actually conferred
measurable IQ gains on to a child it was
a really big deal
they were a ton of like the advantages
that was converting her child by
breastfeeding but I want to say a recent
collection a recent I think it was a
meta-analysis of the literature came out
that tried to they tried very hard to
disentangle socioeconomic status from
whether or not a parent breastfed and I
think when they tried to do that almost
all of the advantages disappeared so the
idea probably came more from that like
if you're breastfeeding a child you
probably have more time to spend raising
it etc etc so like wealthier people
people that are more caring or loving
towards richer children are more likely
probably to breastfeed so those are
where the advantages are coming from not
just feeding at boob milk hmm
okay interesting that if you look for
them to that one now
yeah I've wanted to take into a more
it's because I'm saying here the
socioeconomic status so is it is the
idea there that like richer families
have more leisure time to be able to
afford to breastfeed and have to like
work jobs to make the kids you know make
the income to take care of the kids that
the idea yeah basic mom okay there's a
lot of things that when people say like
correlation does not equal causation
there's basically a lot of things that
go along with being wealthy that make
your children better that aren't like
biological so like for instance like
owning owning like a KitchenAid frying
pan is probably gonna make your kid do
better in school like if we if we run
like the numbers on that but the reality
is just that if you're wealthy enough to
afford like expensive kitchen gear the
chances that you have like a
stay-at-home parent or go to a better
school or something else is probably
like it like it's basically like that
kind of Association right yeah like I
have anything yeah um interesting I have
to really look into that one here okay I
got the minute question then you got it
we got it we got it with the anecdotal
stuff here were you breastfed do you
happen to know if you were or not
I yeah I was I was I was - yeah I really
have free there and my mom was like
feeding me in bed one day and she had a
lot of melt so just like whenever I had
the teat shits flatted all my dad's bad
face because he was to be on the other
side and like she said I was like a lot
so
you know I haven't been around like IRL
breastfeeding I wouldn't know how crazy
crazy gets but like apparently says the
way she described it I'm thinking okay
super soaker were just out of the nipple
you know I mean yeah so that's pretty
crazy but I guess I'll enter I'll enter
that adventure whenever um whenever I
hit the Parenthood but uh no time soon
am I in the I think I want to ask you
the UH
was there any discussion as far as
Nathan's involvement go here but uh I
don't make it too personal if you don't
want to I don't really it's kind of
cheating at this point cuz I'm calm now
I'm like okay you should have to really
read about all this now and I look
further into it you ask me it's like
Rachel breastfed him yeah yeah or if
y'all had a discussion about like
whether you're for or against it was are
ever like a discussion about that and I
don't know how [ __ ] I'd have to look
into it I don't know how you don't
breastfeed because like if you're a
woman and you're not breastfeeding
actively like your boobs get like super
sore like you have to pump milk like
that's what she did for a while as
she'll like a pump machine and she would
pump it up and store it on the fridge so
I don't know if if you just don't pump
like got to do your boobs like explode
or some [ __ ] or I don't I don't know
what happens I know that if you don't
breastfeed for a while like eventually
that [ __ ] kind of like turns off but
yeah I don't know about Rachel pump milk
and then put it in the fridge do you do
it's it's just like it's like guys man
you if you don't jerk it the nuts get
over stuff and you guys just like nuts
if the nut sack hurts dude you guys just
like you got it you gotta beat me okay
I mean it's like it's like an over it's
like a garden hose that's the you know
left on for like over the weekend you
know justjust you about you're gonna
bust a must've a new it's a problematic
it's a troubling comparison we're
talking about feeding children but I
understand what you're saying stop stop
okay so no I was meant to be a joke but
I guess meeting came off kind of like
good not bad that's okay I love joking
about sucking dick when we're talking
about feeding children Michael yeah
let's try let's try let's trying to
shitpost dude okay so that's
breastfeeding here the next thing here
[Music]
we go so we got we got dim debates and
we got the DMCA strikes so i guess
before
for us to get into the dmca stuff we
have to get into the Democratic debates
right you have you do uh yeah let's
listen the DMCA stuff that's a pretty
swearing topic I'm in it's not much to
say you know what yeah yeah you know it
says yeah let's say that Robin
chronological written order of interest
here so alright diem state copyright
strikes let's uh I mean we always knew
that likes to early so I always knew
this Jimmy the debates is were pretty
sweats to anything outside of like I'm
pretty sure I can get away with a
restreaming c-span and they'll probably
never like certain DM seeing people but
for like CNN or MSNBC or NB C if these
guys are ever like streaming
presidential debates I mean you kind of
always know that you're running the risk
that if it gets big enough on yeah that
they're gonna start coming by and spring
in the dmca hammer yeah I just got
comfortable I I completely agree with
you they're way up up with DCMA [ __ ]
work at children DMCA my apologies chat
yeah yeah you know III get you I
completely agree yeah I uh c-span and to
an extent certain instances of PBS
actually read the c-span one and uh
apparently the c-span when you're not
even allowed to uh not even allow the
simulcast at the same time has to be
already aired according to their own
their licensing terms but um yeah you're
not wrong though yeah we uh
I forgot how this happened actually how
this began cuz i started assuming the
the dim debates like where do i just
soon as they began so i was like he was
really really excited to cover I don't
even give a thought but then I started
catching on like actually well [ __ ] do
not eat the really think about like you
know how much this is fair use versus
how much this is just me just like you
know using their material to better
mushroom whatever so I I was kind of
thing okay well as long as i commentate
really hardcore and try to like make my
commentary track you know the
influencing factor of why people are
tuning in to watch this whole thing i
think i can like and i can kind of like
at least feel not as guilty about what
i'm doing here but you know eventually
it caught all of us here and we all got
we all got hit with the the banhammer of
copyright infringement
yeah right you have to remember that
fair use this that's a core defense
that's not like like you can't DMCA me
that's like if you DMCA me I can go to
court and argue fair use it's not like a
hard and fast rule but it'll protect you
from DMCA's yeah no I got you yeah I
also didn't you know not I'm gonna stare
and fight this or anything like that
because yeah I know a minute I uh I
don't know
works on switch is in here but it's like
or in this ecosystem we have right now
here but because both got hit with the
DMCA strike if we wanted to contest it
right does that mean all matters
escalated to a court case or like I
think the legal process is I think we
can file a contest a contest and I think
that they have like 30 days or some [ __ ]
to respond affirming that it's their
content to use and then I think it's on
us to take it to court if we want to
stop it I'm pretty sure gotcha yeah
either way I know it's scary because I
know like you know if we're gonna fight
you know a Warner media / Time Warner
[ __ ] buckle up dude you're not gonna
win that one
I actually tried to my emailed one of
the tech guys at CNN and I asked I tried
to like like talk myself up to see if
it's possible get like broadcasting
licenses and I asked him they'd like Oh
could you revoke like the strikes on our
channels or some [ __ ] but I don't know I
don't think I'll get a response I don't
have that kind of connection yeah I also
also emailed hoping for some kind of
like feedback of any kind here and yeah
I mean because I was just you know I
tend to lose you're like [ __ ] there I
already got this all right got the
permanent strike on my record so I was
like okay well I have nothing to lose by
just like trying to communicate with
them and seeing like maybe they'll want
to come across the aisle and talk about
you know expansion or licensing rights
or anything just like you said
and also apologizing for it and just
trying to show some remorse but yeah
nothing so so so so with that out the
way then I guess the question here now
is like so now they you know they're we
now know this is hot water and even
though the next debate is September 12th
and 13th and it's being it's being done
by ABC News what are you gonna do I
haven't thought about it too much yet
but I'm probably gonna do live coverage
on my channel but I'm not gonna have the
debate on my stream at all and I'll just
link people did the debate that's what I
was gonna say - actually I didn't have a
better idea short of literally like you
know you watch me until you go here to
watch it I'm all over my audio track and
just go from there kinda annoying
frustrating definitely not as like
intuitive but also gonna do yeah so it
is what it is is this your first
copyright strike or
okay so actually they last forever - I'm
actually really tempted I probably
should wait no if you don't talk I know
at this point now we're getting some
kind of like dicey stuff talking about -
no I was just saying if there's any
Twitter staff right right
I would I would be really cool as if I
could swing some sort of exclusive deal
with mixer whatever to do like political
stuff and then I could stream this type
of stuff on mixer and if I get DMC it
off of that side it's [ __ ] whatever
cuz I could just come back to twitch
then oh yeah man you're smart do that
that's some 5head [ __ ] right there dude
[ __ ] like [ __ ] who can't even say it
I'll give a [ __ ] dude damn that's smart
I like to see what that won't we ya know
that's smart though getting kidding
kidding team Seattle mixer Omega wall
okay okay so yeah yeah so that I guess
in conclusion you have there there so
September obviously I want to cover I'm
enthusiastic see where things go here
mainly because it's gonna be just better
content that point because like the the
big thing we had here with our current
didn't debates still 20 candidates 10
across each nights kind of shitshow kind
of rather see of the field get the field
gets shrunk a little bit so we can get
some more long-form answers and some in
Cimino not just like you know claps for
like zinger clips but also like
follow-ups that you know follow-ups into
follow-ups into elaborations that so you
can get more to the policy substance I
would say lease from me but uh yeah I'm
excited to see it so I'm like I actually
more eager to get to the later ons and
it's unfortunate that I have to like the
content the content output gets dumb
down because of the you know the DMCA
stuff but but with that aside shall we
move on to the dim debates yeah go for
it all right so uh wait actually before
I do that I got a brief thing here I got
my chest asking me here we had it we had
a topic we brought up here like um I
want to say two episodes ago maybe it
was one but apparently you hadn't seen
Lion King you were going to see the the
2019 CGI Lion King the day of the
podcast and I supposed to ask you to
follow up on that one here yeah I did
see it
mmm and how was that for you honestly
the whole time I was watching the movie
I was just super shocked that that idea
actually got greenlit
it just it was a horrible idea for a
movie I was super shocked yeah I'm not
sure it looked like it would it was a
really amazing tech demo and it would
have been a really good like 2 minute
tech demo for right um yeah for
something but like the thing you warned
me about it the lack of not what am I
looking for an Thermal anthropomorphize
a ssin like it didn't work at all like
the cats or the Lions or whatever
couldn't express anything and so many of
the mannerisms were lost that like
totally destroyed like the characters
like scar was nothing like what he used
to be some real emotional scenes were
just totally lost I really didn't like
this the color palette of the film yeah
it was yeah it was very
it felt like I was watching you remember
him he was criticized Man of Steel when
it came out yeah it had the perma
histogram filter it's about everything
felt like a green screen filter in
extent yeah nothing felt like grounded
yeah yeah it was like it was super dull
and it was especially jarring and things
like that uh what was that sound like I
just can't wait to be king
yeah when they were yeah when they were
bad yeah Lily well saying yeah but when
they were by the water hole it's like
it's so nothing it's it's not
extravagant at all like the original
yeah it was super washed out yeah yeah
going even further here so the the part
when you're bringing up here about the
anthropomorphism with and the lack of
emotion that can be conveyed again
whenever whenever Simba is screaming
after after you know seeing Mufasa
get up stomped on during the Stampede no
it dramatically zooms out and it's just
like it doesn't work at all dude it
looks it just that is like it's such a
mmm off-putting camera movement with the
lack of emotional expression it looks
like it that for me hit actual uncanny
valley like I was like I was really
creeped out by that not even just like
weirded out like creeped out by that one
so that uh did not work at all for me
yeah and then another problem that you
see that can go in further detail here
about it is a
with the final fight on Pride Rock
whenever it's like you know the the
female lions versus the hyenas I do is
just it was just dark I couldn't see
[ __ ] dude right there were so many um so
many like camera cuts between them all
fighting I just could not could make out
a [ __ ] thing dude I thought my
thought it was a too dark or too many
camera cuts or anything you could follow
us stuff like decently well it was just
kind of boring I don't know who was
fighting who I don't know I don't know
which female mind was fighting which of
the hyenas I couldn't I couldn't tell
any of the Lions apart like that ya know
yes I said no I don't know who to follow
up like I just see like a bunch of mine
it's like a bunch of hyenas and then
eventually I see like you know Simba and
and scar we know one be wanting in the
corner whatever but I was so I was mean
yeah I know yeah it was a [ __ ] show I I
was bored and then I agree it was it's a
great tech demo it was a terrible idea
if you go see it all you know news is
negative compared to Lion King the
original because like that one does a
lot of things better a lot of things
better yeah Oh also in this movie I'm
sorry but like voice actors exist for a
reason stop just farming celebrities to
do voice acting for your movies a lot of
them just aren't good the Timon and
Pumbaa were actually so much better than
every other voice actor in this movie it
was astounding I thought that scar was
okay in most parts there were a couple
lines that were weird like the long live
the king lion it didn't work but for the
most part scar was good obviously Mufasa
was good and then Timon and Pumbaa were
good and everyone else on the movie like
all the symbol voices the knowledge I
thought they didn't work at all it was
really jarring I thought and like the
hyenas and stuff mm-hmm
I completely agree with you I especially
John Oliver a sausage that's me from the
very jump I could not dude like I was
like I you know I end up watching last
week tonight when it comes out but like
dude I zero immersion for me I just hear
John Oliver saying [ __ ] and it's that
never never with me at all maybe yeah I
don't even think they named Rafiki in
this movie do they
am I crazy did that dude repeat your
think he's like a dude he is no
personality now it's like he's just like
the the thing that make the plot move
along a little bit I feel like I never
the movie before this is 30 out this are
not theirs this is 30 minutes longer
than the original movie right I thought
on the original version we had more
Rafiki time I thought we knew
that his name was Rafiki and stuff and
here I know I feel like um so much time
and we and we didn't even get less yeah
we get less dude hmm
III grief yeah I don't know I don't know
yeah I can say I remember I was bored I
was bored a lot of it so it definitely
does feel bloated and some degree here
compared to the original yeah I don't
know it is definitely weird but
unfortunately it made a [ __ ] ton of
money meaning you a part of the problem
we've loaded through a while it's here
so that a do that should have like oh
yeah holy [ __ ] all the Disney knockoff
[ __ ] you know they got yeah I'll sit
here and I'll even say no screams and
was like oh god like this is so stupid
like there's so much Disney [ __ ] [ __ ]
Aladdin Dumbo The Lion King [ __ ] there
are like three more you've got Milan
coming out soon I know there are two
more other Disney movies too like either
oh that Beauty and the Beast was remade
like a year or two ago everyone here
that was like like everything but I mean
like all of these movie are still like
pumping out like [ __ ] hundreds of
millions of dollars like it's insane mmm
oh yeah a little mermaid is coming soon
like holy [ __ ] yeah yeah Billy billions
being the Beast made over a billion this
this crossed a billion like on week two
like I said like at nine hundred and
happy I wants to the 907 million after
international and domestic was counted
in like it made a [ __ ] ton dude uh-huh
but no you're not Rondo yeah this is
definitely it's scary to see how much I
think Disney has I read somewhere Disney
has made like seven billion and box
offices here so far
or it's seven billion in grossing
between you know Captain Marvel Dumbo
Avengers Toy Story for Lion King and
still to come here
Maleficent to frozen to in Star Wars so
nine like those three are still coming
out later this year and you know damn
well roast who's gonna make a billion
easy and Star Wars they make a billion
easy so it's like [ __ ] man they might
they might actually cross 10 billion
grossing in one calendar year that's
that's ridiculous that that's insane
yeah yeah so yeah they're uh boycott I
don't understand I guess anything about
like us like antitrust law like I don't
know how
I don't know I don't understand so
whatever I don't notice how it is
there's a lot I don't like so much of
the movie market it seems insane oh I
don't know probably money and politics
I'm like that some kind of like I know
will promise to do good for the better
the people whatever
I mean is there I mean speaking in
stress here isn't there um isn't uh
isn't t-mobile buying up sprint as far
as us other companies go as them isn't
that merger happening and I'm kind of
wondering like where was the antitrust
they're either like well I mean I guess
you solve like Verizon and AT&T or like
the other two huge carriers right yeah
cuz it did they Bookman on the buying
spree too
yeah especially at EMTs from-from
BellSouth and the 90s down to where it
is now but you know we're gonna be in a
point where we only have like if that
merger goes through here then the UM
yeah we're gonna have three cellular
companies essentially uh-huh yes which
like which is or three major ones I
should stay here with uh with recently
Verizon changed our plans now and
they're like their cheapest plan is like
70 bucks a month which is just crazy
damn I think I have like a $60 unlimited
everything planned but it's cuz I have
like a business plan thank God yeah I
have a family share plane that I have a
grandfather terms into and uh my shits
also unlimited everything for about
sixty a line which is pretty nice but
like these new plans now they were kind
of car but just like actually I was
looking at it just yesterday actually
it's like it's like horizons newest plan
is like seventy for the cheapest one so
if you have like no friends no family
yeah [ __ ] you it's seventy seventy
starting plus a bunch other [ __ ] fees
and and you get like you get like 20
gigs of 4G LTE and then from then on you
get throttled and you're a hard card
coated to standard definition video for
all for all broadcasting stuff or for
all streaming video over over 4G
so um yeah so they are they hard cap you
have like some kind of like you know
kilobyte per second or whatever and you
uh so if you're on Twitter cute little
just lag after I play if you try to like
watch like you know destiny streams they
like 1080p on your phone on your like
I'm not a [ __ ] pixel 3xl whatever yeah
do it so you gotta get a higher plan and
and they also um they are now offering
5g in certain areas at this point from
what I saw in the contract plans I don't
know where it's from
offer now for visor seeing here but it's
a it's ten bucks extra for 5g access
which I thought was like oh and I see
that coming actually they're gonna
they're gonna charge more for 5g
Jackson's not gonna try to late it's not
gonna be a standard upgrade here
probably for a while while that's still
new is 5g a real thing yet or is this
just like a nickname people are giving
like is it actually like a standard that
people are embracing yet or is this
because I know companies do this in the
past with like 4G where they started
saying something's per for G but it
wasn't actually like a real slow we're
just [ __ ] like operating the 3G
networks or some [ __ ] there is a good
peter article we actually the maestra
meanwhile back here there's a good
article about this that has like some
loose criteria that's agreed to be that
standard but I didn't see anything
definitive okay just just a general idea
of like what word it pulls here is that
it's like 5 G's is gonna be like two
hundred Meg's down like it's good it's
gonna like dwarf you know comfortably be
over like five if not 10x the speeds of
LTE uh-huh but the problem is it's a the
coverage from what I understand is
pretty spotty like you got to be like
they need like way more distribution
nodes or whatever however it's gonna
work out here or something like that
do you have Oh guys check on oh it's
gonna be like the so the the expansion
and the deployment of THAAD is gonna be
a lot slower than 4G was so like
obviously big days will get it first but
it's gonna be like it's gonna be a kind
of a strategic thing to tackle to get it
like you know out to the entirety uh-huh
like for example to get off Chicago
covered here so it might start like
downtown and have to like deploy in a
very particular way yeah well I would
need someone smart to tell us more about
that honestly cuz I don't know exactly
how it works this is a random thing I
don't have a scar do you use an iPhone
yeah yeah vicuna are we you an Android
user before no I've coincidental Apple
for quite a while now but but but but
but I've been I've been a stagnant not
particularly satisfied Apple user I'm
still on an iPhone 6's from like 2016
huh someone the last
iPhone with the headphone jack so I've
been I've been I've been rocking it till
the wheels fall off waiting for uh
waiting for five Jeep with someone to
drop out so I can make an upgrade its
gonna be like worthwhile yeah so I'm
really like I'm really close to buying
an iPhone XS or whatever like okay
I'd say that are a pixel three and I
don't know I [ __ ] I'm so sick of Android
[ __ ] I'm like really really tempted this
is a fun topic here what a good man you
watch me Jessica triggered everything is
so triggered about either me me both
being Apple shills or being Android boys
or and rots or and bots or whatever yeah
what uh what's going on the Android
camps got you mad right now this is the
fragmentation of the software or it's
like the bad life being a pile of [ __ ]
or what's what's your concern I don't
know it feels like iPhones are just
better user experiences like just hands
down like they've always been better
than the Android in terms of user
experience and I don't know I just don't
see like the reason like it feels like
the hardware is Sally butter on the
iPhones as well I don't know I just
don't see a reason to still use an
Android phone I'm like train really hard
I'm interesting you're actually I I hear
I hear like a super duper opposite a lot
of cases here because like the Apple
ecosystem walks you down so hard which I
don't think that's true anymore people
said that that might have been true like
in bagging my day like 2009 but I don't
think that there is like a lock down
like every app that's available for
Android is more or less I think
available and on iPhone and [ __ ] no like
yeah that's kind of where I was for a
while too
like when I went to upgrade my five to
my six I was like well the App Store in
Apple's like it was there back in like
20 what 14 of 2015 yeah the App Store
was just so much more had a more diverse
selection of everything you know like uh
just because they had the consistency of
hardware certainly would eager to port
their apps over to the App Store so I
was I was down in that front here too I
had more apps to pick from to utilize
for the phone for better and uh I don't
know the case now so actually I from
what I hear the Android app so it's kind
of caught up with the Apple App Store
and there's like usually an app app for
app very that maybe Zen you're looking
for whether it be the twitch app or the
iOS after whatever well I've heard that
for like at least for what I do for
streaming I'm pretty sure that Android
is still superior for those apps like
the stream labs app I think on iPhone
it's like kind of [ __ ] for streaming
compared to the one on Android I don't
know yeah I've also there's other things
into that like Apple gets away with like
software optimization so speck they're
usually weaker notably here I think the
highest spec iphone right now currently
has three gigs of RAM but like you can
no way
that is your room all right Android
phones up to like [ __ ] 8 or 12 gigs
on some phone it's really 3 gigs dude
check it out man but again the thing is
they have their their quote unquote
their software's hyper optimized well
yeah we can you become a Google and so
you know I'm pretty confident yeah that
the the 10s max is 3 gigs of RAM and but
and you can get like an equivalent like
any given flagship competitor you know
whether it be Samsung or or the iPhone
is that 4 gigs I know that the iPhone
has better processors then I think like
the a line of processors are usually
better than the Snapdragon so in terms
of like raw benchmarks I didn't realize
that the memory on an iPhone was so low
that's really strange
ok so I'm over being has 4 gigs of ram
yeah yeah I say that yeah I say 4 gigs
that's still pretty low compared to but
that's interesting huh yeah yeah let's
try to get them though both it
apparently it runs fine so we'll see
also you know what their multitasking is
a little bit different too though like
um like I think on an iPhone you can't
run apps on the background kind of like
how you can on Android because of the
way permissions work for the OS or
whatever
yeah I'm stuff like that and um [ __ ]
what else is there like I feel you can
pron it there's like it's not really
like like a like a safety switch on
Android you can kind of like do
everything at one time and have your
battery die in 30 minutes whereas like
the the iPhone OS you can't you can't
like just run everything and run the
battery to [ __ ] like there's like
provisions to make sure you did like
apps Kansas week you have too many apps
running so many things in the background
simultaneously so the batteries gonna be
just naturally uh pretty good
yeah which I think credit for like the
like genuinely I've heard nothing but
praise for the for iPhone batteries at
this point now like you can kind of like
not give a [ __ ] and just have [ __ ] run
till in make it could run like 18 hours
straight or whatever uh-huh so ya know
I'm on that the only thing I'll tell you
about that advice though as far as the
iPhone stuff is that like you should if
you can wait you should wait because of
the current the current lineup right now
is that the 2019 iPhones are gonna be
pretty lackluster they're gonna just
have like a camera spec bump uh-huh and
that's really about it unfortunately
that because the whole Qualcomm lawsuit
or the Qualcomm thing they had going on
there
Apple wasn't able to get there um there
5g modems done in time for this iPhone
revision this year today
like nothing they have nothing to show
for it at this point that delayed their
entire things or getting a camera spec
bump and that's really about it
same knotch same body style no no major
revision you know not even Nathan I
could reduced a notch like you saw like
in the new Google I'm sorry in a new
Samsung phones no same size and
everything but however for the 20/20
phone there will be you know new [ __ ]
USB C port completely new body style
probably inspired by the new iPads that
come out at this point alongside having
five genomes built into it so like if
you want like a future-proof the iPhones
to be a good investment you ever mean
the ecosystem oh [ __ ] yeah iPhone even
has the do you do you have like a
built-in sim to your thing and a sim are
you using that no I mean I'm on a
success I have the uh oh yeah I don't
know if like future phone or if like the
pixel three has that but the idea of
having an e sim and my phone and then
going traveling to another country is
popping in like a sim and not having to
play the [ __ ] sim switching game that
sounds so attractive actually holy [ __ ]
have you ever I don't know how much
international travel you've done or if
you have yet not actually I would love
the person actually cuz I am I want to
be as as prepared as possible that kind
of things I have no clue what any bad
[ __ ] means when you say that yeah
basically you have like a little card
that you put in your phone that is like
gives your phone like its phone number
and lets you text people and get data
and [ __ ] whenever you travel to other
countries usually you have to swap these
out for like a local country one and its
really annoying it's a huge [ __ ]
hassle but I don't but the pixels might
have a sensor no no sure so the idea is
okay so I understand SIM cards I can do
that but so when you so like if I find
from US state of Germany I have to like
land in Germany now they keep my phone
completely off because it's gonna charge
me like 50 cents per megabyte or
whatever or something like that right
for the insane roaming charges or
something like that and so it's advised
to keep your phone off and just buy like
a domestic SIM card to put into your
phone so you die you're using the the
German towers or whatever is that
correct yeah basically yeah right and in
the convenience of Eastham is that it
just automatically swaps to the German
towers and oh wait my my understanding I
I don't know enough about this so I
can't really know my understanding of
this is that like to get a new isom you
have to like burn it in you can't do
that you can't manage that on your own
like a carrier has to actually burn that
in for you you can't just swap it on the
go but I could be wrong about that
mmm
interesting well I feel like yeah I
thought that could happen I know that
one advantage raised here is that um the
the newer iPhones they have like a dual
SIM tray so maybe you can like so you
could just like I don't think that's
true
no no cuz I was one I think I looked at
cuz somebody said the new iPhone his
dual SIM which was really exciting to me
but then when we looked it up it's one
is an e sim and then the other is a
physical sim tray unless unless the ones
being a note like next month or whatever
do maybe I don't know so seeing that the
trial mop that china models have dual
SIM oh yes I'm I says I'm only the
Chinese version
well technically all phones are Chinese
so here mmm got him okay okay well yeah
I mean like you can just get like a uh I
mean you know you cards get like a used
10s Max and they're just like you know
whatever sell it because typically Apple
stuff does retain value pretty well like
you can usually get like upwards of 80%
original asking price like over a year
later so yeah you could you could you
just get a 10s max and then rock that
[ __ ] and then whenever you're buy all
the cool [ __ ] that 2020 phone has uh-huh
make a call there that's what I would do
personally so I'm not gonna tell you
dust adhering like you're gonna have to
eat their phone now just [ __ ] wait
until uh you know wait until [ __ ] next
year no just no dude you got to do
uh-huh but yeah I'm currently on a
success uh a 6s plus and I'm uh it's
okay like I'm I'm I'm used to it now but
I would like face ID I'm not gonna lie
to you like III didn't know how badly I
wanted them to us all my friend like
really break it down to me um we're like
you know I'm using the the touch ID the
fingerprint to unlock and gift like you
know your thumb has to go in this kind
of like unintuitive way of holding the
phone to unlock your phone with the
thumbprint wait half and it's like you
do a thumbprint on the iPhone mm-hmm
yeah the home button is uh well the
older models use a thumbprint the newer
models like 20 mm oh no [ __ ] whatever it
is 20 17 onward have a touch ID or face
ID where it you know scans are facing
you can move it your phone and unlocks
automatically here but the big factor by
the white said that's so important to me
is like I imagine you'll because you
your phone you know you have discord on
and you have Twitter on and you get a
lot of vacations you know how many of
them the or the probably problematic
right you get a lot of emails you get a
lot of discord diems you
ah [ __ ] and so you're probably most
frequently interacting from the lock
screen rather than venturing into the
app to do [ __ ] I would say if you're
like me and so for me on this older
phone I have to use my touch ID my
fingerprint and then I have to like tap
the stuff here but by comparison if you
have to if you have the face ID unlock
feature you can look at your phone have
it unlocked whilst out the home screen
and just tap notification and go into
the thing you wanna go to like you're
skipping like 2 clicks entirely which
adds up very quickly for for power users
like myself I would say power users I
tried to turn on like oh no I find I
found out there's a thing you can turn
on that I have now where you have like
your phone is automatically unlocked in
some areas and it's actually so helpful
holy [ __ ]
oh wait like like a like a geotag thing
like like one like if you unlock your
phone once and then you're walking with
your phone you don't have to unlock it
again it just always stays unlocked and
then you can yeah you can geotag it to
like your house so it's always unlocked
inside your house or whatever which is
nice ok actually that's cool yeah for
sure yeah I started using that although
I saw unlock my phone by habit a lot
like I just pick it up cuz I'm so used
to it but damn ok that's really but yeah
that's the UH that's a for you there I
mean I'm communist a market though I'm
definitely like waiting for a phone
really compel me over and uh with me
over uh-huh
you know I've heard the you know the
Samsung Note is dope I've heard that the
galaxy is dope I've heard the oneplus is
dope but I don't know dude the Android
software kind of scares me cuz I hear
super makes things in the software yeah
my [ __ ] trash although I haven't
tried like the iPhone enough maybe I
would change my mind on it but I
actually just had to reformat my pixel
to phone because it was getting so laggy
and [ __ ]
and now it seems to be doing better
again but I mean it's kind of
disappointing consider I paid what is it
like an $800 phone for the pixel to I
don't remember what the MS or what the
retail was of this but it's um like that
yeah the phones of guys have gotten
expensive now for the flagships oh yeah
that iPhone excess is like 1,100 I think
isn't it or 1,200 for the maximum memory
it's insane it's it's it's 1,500 yeah
1,500 what really yeah if you want the
one terabyte 10s max all for one time I
do max back yeah it's a it's it's like
1450 what's the one for like the five
what is it like the 512 or whatever
five twelve is about 1250 okay we also
have been the one I'd be looking at but
is it can you swap the oh the so SD
cards are like that's like damn i canno
wrong here alright I might be getting
wrong actually um but I'm pretty
confident it's 256 Meg a gig and then
512 and then 1 terabyte but travel can
quote me here I'm pretty sure the top
spec ones with 1 terabyte storage I was
like what were you saying though hold on
I'm sorry I'm clicking through to see
what how much it costs the the most
expensive one I see is the 512 and
that's for 1400 $49 okay the damn dammit
offer a one terabyte for 1500 oh but
they're like we just don't do swappable
SD cards anymore do we do that we just
decided never to do that the consumer to
bend over and take it well I'll do do
pixels do Android phones do this like on
a samsung or note are there like st I
want to say only the the note has
expandable storage at this point it's
kind of a dying trend now because people
just get away with it headphone jack you
can get away with it cuz Apple
expandable storage you can do it because
Apple didn't do it either
so I'm so yeah unfortunately oh it's not
a dying trend I mean great here right
now okay well feel free to correct me at
what other besides that know what other
models are having a what other flagships
have expandable storage in them via
microSD cards ordinarily galas and
Samsung do so okay okay I don't buy non
flagship phones guys so don't name me
this way one plus whatever [ __ ] okay
if the phone cost less than $700 I don't
even [ __ ] look at it okay get the
[ __ ] southerner out of frickin car
dealership if it aint Ford
I don't give a [ __ ] about it alright I
don't I know [ __ ] [ __ ] I don't want
no goddamn [ __ ] that [ __ ] I'm a streamer
can I need the best of the best
there you go maybe if my computer has
more RAM than my phone the phone's trash
boy that's not very good
that's probably always gonna read read
all right oh I mean dude I mean [ __ ] a
computer at this two point should have
16 gigs of ram minimum right okay okay
first finger PC
I mean I don't know much no now is the
do you think the average user in 2019
has a 16 gig bass Ram Oh probably not
but on the average users buying a $4,200
phone either right right right right
as I'll say I ability I feel it at this
point now as I expect to have at least
eight but I don't know if the average
user I mean sure the average twitch
users probably you know some some like
you know try hard time some gaming it
wouldn't surprise me at the average
gaming PC had between four and eight
stone that wouldn't surprise me if you
have if you have four I'm kind of like
maka s on your ass a little bit there is
there a steam link to like a steam
survey for that I'd be curious yeah I'm
kind of wondering whose to us for in
2019 people that use Internet Explorer
because of you use Chrome you're not
gonna be able to survive on four gigs so
you don't [ __ ] Rambo you wait man you
mean while I'm there dude oh [ __ ] chrome
is okay memory hungry what the [ __ ]
happened I think idle of like 2.7 yeah
right now using a I'm using 4.8
do you guys remember back in that it's
so weird how apps oh god I hate that
even say abs it's so weird how programs
change over time I remember back in the
day when chrome came out good topics
here okay so you're saying app because
you hate how programs have all been like
kind of condition I call it ABS now yeah
they're just they're programs whatever
but I mean yeah I know we can taps now
because of phones but like back in the
day when chrome came out I maybe I miss
her memories but I thought chrome was
like this [ __ ] 120 like kilobyte
[ __ ] download it was this insanely
[ __ ] compact insanely [ __ ]
optimized web then you downloaded it and
it was done in like a second and it was
like that's so compact it's sick like I
thought it was it was like insane and
then now it's like Chrome oh my god dude
the memory on this program is [ __ ]
insane holy [ __ ]
what are you poor bro [ __ ] get some
more RAM [ __ ] yeah look I'm not gonna
lie to you it's actually funny he brings
up this topic right now because uh I
recently upgraded my my gig to its max
capacity of RAM so now I have a I have a
64 gigs of ram cheese why what the [ __ ]
would you have like a disk stored on
your RAM like a virtual disk or what I
could if I want to want to be cool yeah
so what happened here is I had 16 up
until about two weeks ago but I had a I
had twitch chat opening up in its own
pop-out tab and I would routinely you
know what I'm doing I'm doing these like
these dank ass 10 12 hour streams
I'm and I have like average prob about
20 20 chrome tabs open between various
YouTube videos and anything else right
and the Twitter leaks and all that and
so eventually like around like our 9 to
10 it would tell me out of memory it was
like I don't know if like there's
certain allocation of RAM dedicated to
Chrome or whatever but I was like okay
well I know I feel like if I just have
like more RAM that fix the problem
permanently
not to mention whenever I'm offline I
found I had um if I have like a doubly
fear Pro and Photoshop open doing some
like editing [ __ ] um I know it was it
was getting a little problematic in the
RAM area as well because I'm both
program hungry as [ __ ] for [ __ ] uh-huh
so not and then all sorts of mention
here - we ran into issues whenever we
mean you do video calls on discord while
I'm streaming rains issues there as well
actually I'm just like [ __ ] was lagging
out left and right dude I had like a lot
of lag there I was getting throttled on
um on my betta CPU throttled not quite
sure I wasn't looking at the time here
buzz like you know more RAM certainly
wouldn't hurt I'm on ddr4 down my rate
can hit it can cap out at 64 gigs uh the
it's actually cheaper than I thought it
was I wasn't me actually a much more
expensive thing but it was like only
like 230 bucks that's the calling 200
yeah to quadruple my RAM in 1664 was
$230 right the deal I found I was like
alright cool let's do it ham I always
liked that thing so it's always always
like some random [ __ ] event going on
at Taiwan or it's like oh the oceans are
flooded today like all Ram is gonna be
$750 per gigabyte memory sorry like
never anything do you remember when the
when heart when mechanical hard drives
were like [ __ ] it was like it was
like 2010 2011 they were just like very
expensive for a very long period of time
because of the Taiwanese floods or
whatever some I thought it was always
RAM and I remember hard drives but maybe
it was hard drives - yeah a long time
people were saying that like flash
memory was gonna completely replace hard
drives in like a year and it still
hasn't happened yet hard nerds are
[ __ ] huge today uh you know actually
I was looking the other day um so I was
looking to start like recording more of
my footage offline and because of this
whole DMCA [ __ ] or whatever and it was
like
ya know for we've got no you know they
have like they have one terabyte microSD
cards now that they had this insane holy
[ __ ] yeah that's [ __ ] crazy and that
uh 7200 rpm mechanical hard drives now
are up to 16 terabytes Wow damn I
haven't seen that the last I saw was
like 4 terabytes been oh yeah yeah I saw
the ISIS Miss [ __ ] though it's like 450
or 500 dollars but I'm saving for the
one terabyte SD card by the way SSDs are
cheaper than hard drives no per gigabyte
I haven't seen that at all
so it's Dennis I don't the [ __ ] you're
talking about yeah so uh yeah it should
be where are people saying SSDs are
cheaper than hard disk drives what are
you guys talking about per gig show me a
one terabyte SS can't you buy one
terabyte hard disk drives like 30 bucks
now or like 4 terabyte drives like 60
bucks show me a 4 terabyte SSD that you
can buy for like less than $2,000 what
are you talking about yeah I mean
lobster down the uh I want to see a one
terabyte SSD you can get for like under
400 maybe even under 300 now the fourth
term line SSD I don't know what that
goes were at this point I'm never 4
terabyte SSD but where they might exist
but they're probably certainly [ __ ]
know they exist for sure and then the
new thing now those like even SSDs are
kind of like old news because now the
new thing is the M twos cuz those have
like yeah that's what I got in gross ass
read and write speeds yeah that's the
same well yeah
I'm reading right speeds are good but I
think the big standard that are the big
push on those over mechanical drives is
always the IOPS I think the
instantaneous operations per second
basically that it can find stuff
instantaneously on the dry without
having to spin it up with a mechanical
drive that's the mom to do the high
birthing to now or they're like they
kind of do you're describing their over
vo some kind of like micro utility of
some kind of like flash memory
functionality yeah okay you guys only
give me one terabyte SSDs for a hundred
and thirty dollars I'm pretty sure you
could find like six terabyte hard disk
drives for $130 chill okay okay alright
and what point is yeah things have
gotten a lot cheaper but I recall I
recall when we were at kind of like a
sour spot in the
2010s word like flash storage was still
really expensive and taiwanese floods
happened and mechanical hard drives were
also like in scarce supply and it was
just like [ __ ] dude it was like you know
so that was kind of the problem then
then you fast forward to the crypt of
mining craze that happened a couple
years back or so happening down whatever
and like supply and demand for hard
drives or sorry for uh for graphics
cards were also really really bad too
like building a pc r-- it kind of sucked
ass cuz you were just like me i'm not to
get [ __ ] hard on this a GPU purchase
right now holy [ __ ] do this 2000 series
isn't a twenty eighty like [ __ ]
$1,600 or some [ __ ] a twenty a be I'm
sorry but the twenty like the two
thousand eighty a graphics card the
higher end like the gtx 28 yeah yeah i
don't know they almost go for now
actually I haven't that's something of a
twenty-eight ETI my bed yeah yeah this
thing is a yeah I'm looking now it's
like six seven hundred further for that
card wait what that's way cheaper than I
thought twenty atti for $600
oh yeah moogly I'm sorry this is 2080
period 2080 i oh yeah my mom's my bad
dude you're right uh 1100 to 1400
depending on the guy didn't these cards
debut it like over $1400 probably yeah
that's a well this is top of the line
here though so yeah I wouldn't surprise
me should be crazy dude um [ __ ] man I
don't even know like what we're uh I'm
trying to get what games even pushing
this to the limit right now I'm like
what games pushing a twenty atti to its
absolute capacity at this point anything
I mean probably a lot the thing is that
like the increase in a resolution and
frame rate has like caused a exponential
demand it for for graphics power like
powering things at 1080 1080p 60fps is
trivial these days but if you bump it up
to fourteen what would be and then you
go to like 144 plus fps you're calling
for a lot more processing power it's
insane you know you're not wrong there
you're right it's 1440p is that twice as
many pixels as 1080p it is quite a bit I
know the
the numbers are kind of mislead we think
about the pixel density yeah it's
definitely a [ __ ] ton more its 1920 by
1080 and then it's 1440 by is it 2560 is
the resolution I think it starts almost
twice as many pixels it's 2 million
pixels versus 3.7 million pixels so like
yeah it's not it's not a it's important
remember here that 1440p is not like
it's not quote unquote 2k 2k is a little
bit different because 4k is what 38 60
by 2160 or like I forget the [ __ ]
number off in here oh I was calling it
2160p 4k is 3840 by 2160 I think yeah
okay have you ever having trouble
remembering what it is 4k is literally
it would be like having 4 1080p screens
in square so 1920 by 1080 so you would
just double that so it would be 38 40 by
20
whatever 2016 21 21 16 yeah gotcha
gotcha yeah yeah it's [ __ ] [ __ ]
crazy man
I don't know I don't say about that one
really
I would assume here that the the
be-all-end-all would be kind of like um
probably another Rockstar PC game port
because I recall that like the original
like I think it was GTX 20 GC X 1080
that came out whenever the PC port of
GTA 5 dropped like you needed like a
[ __ ] you need some power dude like most
cards the market couldn't handle running
GTA 5 at max - this one certain card I
think it was a 1080 I could be wrong
though
so whenever whenever inevitably Red Dead
Redemption 2 comes to PC I would assume
to that game cuz it's really really
pretty would probably you know push this
thing all the way essentially it would
be like but it would be a comic that
that paywall boundary - like how cool
you are like I know I can do that can
run Crysis I can run a Red Dead
Redemption - I can run it all baby
normal minutes anyways though so uh huge
Tanger here now you want to get into you
wanna get into some debate stuff yeah
sure
call caller I caught our last topic
today here so we got a dim Debates dim
debates I know the call I guess from
July
ninety none of its round two is the
second round of the base round two okay
all right so so Democratic Democratic
primary debates round two okay let's uh
let's hop into it then do what we got
here
I have so there's two things taken here
we have night one and night to night one
in my opinion was more eventful than
night one are denied to because night
one contained uh Bernie Sanders little
both Warren oh I thought nights here was
way more eventful but did yeah okay well
you know also to be fair though I didn't
get to catch all of night to you know go
people were dealing with the dance here
yeah yeah like the the middle hour I
probably missed and I've tried to catch
highlight since then but I wasn't able
to like find them very easily until
someone told me it was on like CNN -
politics calm it wasn't on their
official website uh-huh anyways though
but yeah okay well what uh what he
wanted to get then what do you want to
uh what he want to go this whole thing
um I don't know I mean I guess I would
he wanted to talk about I guess night
one night one was Bernie Warren
let's see Delaney yeah I remember Tim
Ryan close yard
Bernie Warren beta wart
I don't think um I think from the first
one the most interesting takeaway that I
had was that I think that the I think
that the Medicare for all will become a
big debate point between a lot of these
running candidates I think that's gonna
be that Bernie's plan to eliminate all
private insurance it's gonna be a huge
stickler for future health care plans
and I think did one wanna eliminate all
insurance as well which she roped into
that as well I don't remember I haven't
read her health care plan yet but I
think that I was I this is one of the
tweets people got mad but I think
Delaney was showing there were some
really effective ways to attack that
position that could that progressives
need a better response for I I'll fight
really brief they actually cause like
when delaying has kept kept bringing
down how like standings are going to be
lower and
we can't we can't we can't and then late
burn account that by saying you know hey
well it's not really a business you know
as long as you have I kind of creep test
answer it's almost gonna be like a
private care as opposed to like you know
what he's letting survive with
supplemental care uh-huh you're giving
them the ability to still survive coming
a cockroach they're going to inevitably
want to just like use lobbying power
swaying influence or anything else
there's just just like poison and
corrupt from a policy standpoint I mean
you can argue one way or another but the
fact is average American still really
likes their private coverage like pretty
overwhelmingly so be like the average
American the average American like is
pretty big Lee in favor of like their
employee private plans they are in favor
of generally the health coverage they
receive like for some reason like a lot
of where are you hearing this what are
you talking about dude most most
employee quality private care is usually
some kind of like garbage and that but
you can't really do [ __ ] with absolutely
no true know what most people are really
like our big Lee in favor of their I
know I should say
come on of the argument progress was
about health care a lot but I think the
polling came out to like I think 80% of
people are happy with their private plan
and I think the polling data for like
like for how Americans rate their health
care coverage solely cares this a Gallup
poll it's like as Americans rating of
their health care coverage and the
quality of their health care most of
them like pretty overwhelmingly still
rate it as being good and then the
there's one there's one for like how
people are rate like their employee
plans is like very overwhelmingly good
like it's it's it's not even close
oh wait here you go this is part of a
part of like some of the larger kff
studies
[ __ ] I think I can find this down so the
thing here is like okay usually when
your um so how you to understanding
right usually whenever you get a private
care of health care provided by your by
your employer usually it's under some
kind of network of their choosing yep
so you rarely have you really have like
the options to really like explore
networks or time that's kind of at the
slavery of whatever your health care
provider from your employees doesn't
really give you um I just don't really
see like how like whenever I'm seeing
advertises like yeah here's the you know
we want to keep choice that's why we're
letting private care still remains like
well what choice is that really the
choice is like the choice made
predetermine by your by your employer
right and you just gonna pick whatever
like is the bare minimum to like get the
job done legally to get you some kind of
provided coverage sure what does this
have to do with anything
well the Laney kept kept pushing you
like how you know I want to get people
choice and it's like you know that's not
really it's kind of the illusion of
choice under like these like mandated
networks there's some terms attached to
some usually yeah but like whether it's
the illusion of choice or not that's
like Jesus that's like that's the
progressive weight to bear they have to
make that case publicly and I don't
think Bernie did it effectively when
Delaney was attacking him like right now
this is like the facts are that most
Americans like their private insurance
most Americans like the private health
care most Americans aren't in favor of a
medicare-for-all plan that makes it
illegal to buy private insurance and
it's gonna be so incredibly easy to
attack a platform that has that that
that I just think people like Bernie
need to have a better response ready for
when people to attack them like that
it's really hard because the online
conversations are so different and I
know I say this like I use the term like
internet politics a lot on my Twitter
but internet progressives dramatically
missed the average Democratic electorate
and most people are happy with the
private coverage that they get at their
job most people don't have these
horrible uninsured experiences there are
people that are uninsured and actually
even if you go by those polling numbers
and you break down the data you can see
that like like I like your picture
format like that like the poor you are
the less satisfied you are with your
health care but that's like below like
30k in income right even people making
between 30km 75k are still pretty
overwhelmingly in favor
there's no herons so this has I will
admit I'm unprepared to contestant
interesting right now as far as the poll
you're citing here yeah
but this on that alone though like do
half of half of Americans make under 30
k LS a year so we're saying like oh yeah
just the poor ones unhappy what's the
white half tap the population dude I
don't know if half the population is
making less than 30k year I don't know
let's let me let me let me get that for
you
[Music]
so like the median income the median
personal income in the United States is
thirty one thousand right now mmmph have
like some some like super duper
Christmas on that one here but that back
stuck with me pretty hard when I first
read into it I was like ooh [ __ ] that is
a not good also I see falls off by 1k
and if you're agreeing that's 31 K it's
still like well sure but even those
people making less than 30k like 60% of
them read a positive experience with
their private insurance so like you you
have a huge hurdle to overcome basically
like my policy criticism is like I don't
think you should be pushing banning
private insurance it's a really really
really bad idea like this is more
extreme of a health care plan than most
European countries like there's no
reason now are you saying that because
you you say it because of like the the
poll ability yeah it's unelectable
nobody like people like it's such an
easy way to attack you if you're gonna
tell me that you're gonna ban my private
insurance that I like it's so easy to
attack you Obama said we wouldn't lose
our doctors people did you want to get
rid of private insurance it's gonna
change my health care like these attacks
are so easy and there's no reason for it
just give a good public option and let
people buy supplemental insurance that
they want there's no reason to ban a
private eye
I like private option is so ridiculous
alright like I guess like ideologically
like you can be in favorable for it but
like the polling like dramatically sits
against progressives against this when
you start asking people to they're in
favor of Medicare for all and you
mentioned that their private plans are
gonna be dropped like support for this
drops got like 20 points Destinee how do
you pay for a public option if you're
poor its public you [ __ ] [ __ ] you
don't have to [ __ ] pay for it sorry
yeah yeah I am I don't know I just don't
see that uh I don't see like the point
in pursuing like having the
public public funded option as long as
private exists because privacy is gonna
want to continually attack and like
neuter the public option of all its
competitive advantages eventually
because well sure but like if you have
like I mean if enough people are happy
with their public option I mean part of
it people can attack it all they want if
it works people are gonna like it people
gonna vote for it ok ok so I'll have to
come back then with this one cuz I I
find that I find it's so hard to swallow
that like there's positive experiences
in frightened private healthcare when
their entire agenda in the private
health care sector is just a decline
coverage and and [ __ ] everyone over with
kind of like continued expanding list of
pre-existing conditions to just continue
to [ __ ] them out the door and make them
pay deductibles further further sure I
just don't and I I again I'm an adult
here unfortunately so I can't I can't I
can't attack that point her hardcore but
just like I've never heard of anyone
actually enjoying their private care
from the yeah but I mean who talks about
health insurance online nobody pops onto
Twitter to be like I really like my
private health insurance like a lot of
the people that like these are
working-class people they don't spend
all day arguing about socialism is shown
on Twitter like it's just like normal
people that go to work and they go home
and if they have like a doctor
appointment or some [ __ ] they set up
their insurance and everything works
fine like people that I talked to in the
streaming world you know [ __ ] hate
all that insurance [ __ ] you know because
they're online rage you progressives
they talk about a horrible health crisis
but if you mean like real people like
I've talked to plenty of like actual
people like non streamer friends they're
like oh [ __ ] like my insurance is
[ __ ] sick like I'm covered by my
parents in Psalm 26 like I can just make
an appointment at the doctor and go get
my prescriptions and [ __ ] for free like
Rachel tells me that she's really
[ __ ] happy with the insurance that
she has that covers her and her Nathan
hurt and Nathan at her job so I mean
like like a lot of normal people are
happy with her insurance like a covers
her prescriptions they get their [ __ ] a
lot of the money's detected from their
paycheck they don't even [ __ ] see it
like yeah there's a lot of people that
work that are like happy with the
insurance they have or young kids that
are covered by their parents that are
happy with their insurance okay do you
okay so if I let's just take that one
for what it is right now it's like I
can't contest's any further huh on that
front do you feel like the masses
perceived what Delaney was saying on
night one as like a fighting for them
like dining yeah I think that so my
prediction like that separate of what
you think about Delaney's points here do
you feel like the public is taking like
Delaney side here cuz I didn't really
see any positive coverage of cleaning at
this point my
well actually I think CNN put said the
Delaney was one of the winners that I
personally think he'll get a lot more
recognition now he's already polling
pretty [ __ ] low so he would if he
doubles his polling numbers he'd still
be pulling under 2% so I'd write off
it'll like I don't think it's gonna bump
him into the next tier of candidates
supposedly hehe the next day and
fundraising after the debates he'd
raised twenty more twenty times and
increased that night then he had any
other but I don't know if he was raising
that much at all anyway so I don't know
how relevant those numbers are I'll be
curious to see how the polling moves in
like the next week but I wouldn't like
the massively shoot up but we'll have to
see it's also important to consider to
hear like the who is saying what cuz
like if CNN said this versus like I
don't know like Cena like did you saw
you saw what Jake Tapper was doing there
with the freaking on with the super
right wing talking questions and the and
the smear questions and the loaded
questions that were being supplied yes I
like again like I love you so much but
like the only people that think these
are super loaded questions are online
progressives like the majority of the
Democratic electorate are not socialists
they're not ready to like have this
giant move left to the revolution there
are lots of people in a Democratic Party
who think that Bernie way to my left
like those so ever hit Bernie again
about hey so you want to so you wanna
raise taxes in the middle class here
like they focus on focusing the question
frame like that rather than like what is
going to happen and the net positive of
Medicare for all isn't the right way to
that's not good got your question in
your opinion I mean didn't they asked it
of every candidate right like are you
gonna raise taxes on the middle class to
pay for your thing I mean that's a
question that's gonna come up in the
general like if you don't have any
answer in the primaries when there's
twenty other people on stage that agree
with you like dude you're [ __ ] for the
general like I mean you should you
should have an answer to that if you
can't effectively answer that question
like you don't deserve to make it to the
general anyway the totally legitimate
question if you want to pay for [ __ ]
like free college and free health care
and all that [ __ ] you need to have a way
to pay for it people gonna ask you that
question is a totally fair question the
idea that we should be soft balling all
of our people through the primaries
until we can like crown some king or
queen that goes on to face Trump because
doing the questions from the Republican
establishment are gonna be a million
times more brutal than saw like I don't
know when people say like how are you
gonna pay for a health care plan is like
a brutal right wing talking point from
CNN I'm not buying it like you should
have have it well not that it was kind
of like I guess I mean I guess I think
more specific here whenever
tap her ass Bernie that question it was
like yes or no and it was kind of gonna
be in this way where I'm gonna get this
like zinger out-of-context clip to just
smear Bernie tomorrow
uh-huh and I feel he wasn't given
opportunity to like elaborate on well
yes
but for this reason which leads to this
thing which will be the net positive
it'll save the safe everyone money and
fix the deficit long-term over ten years
like there's the answers yeah yeah we
will raise him but there's like what she
did yeah but we all they do is use of it
for an out-of-context clip about a he
wants to attacks the [ __ ] out of you
which is like has that happened are they
really all these articles being written
where it's like Bernie wants to raise
taxes on the middle class
this happened 2016 yes this is what they
want the zinger out-of-context clip that
that literally happened like right after
in one of the bass 2016 like that is
like that's that's exactly what Jake
Tapper wants to do like it was it's I
promise you if Bernie had answer that
vort like answered it not not pivoted it
it would have been an out-of-context
clip to try to smear Bernie because you
know the corporate media wants to like
[ __ ] on anyone who's like not gonna be
controlled in any kind of way okay I
mean if you can't answer these questions
in the in the primaries though you're
gonna get [ __ ] slaughtered in the
general so I'd rather the check I know
anyway if Bernie can't I don't like
answering a question but between like
raising taxes on the middle class if he
intends to do so on a stage full of no
no the Democrats that support him I
wouldn't trust some be able to answer
the question on a stage with Trump cuz
it's gonna be a million times worse so I
agree with you there he should be able
to answer the question if he can yeah
that's that's bad on him there's more
that I guess I'm frustrated because of
the format and that it's gonna just at
least adjust maximum smearing that
bigoted to me gets really it frustrating
when there's when there's my good can is
out there so I'm just hoping that like
things get better but yeah that was like
really disingenuous even double down on
it and then like I don't know it's like
okay would you call that disingenuous
question being asked her because there
was a simple one about how later in that
night Jake Tapper asked Bernie again
here anything I'm gonna make it all
pacifically Bernie ones but they were
like the worst ones in my opinion he
asked him know hey Trump said and when
he was running for election in 20 in
late 2015 / 2016 that the USA should be
the world's police and you've said the
similar thing at that time
why any wasn't in question was cut
something on the lines of like why
should a
Americans want to vote for you when you
have similar stances like like president
Trump uh-huh like this like like super
like weird framing of the question I was
like showing the like like try do some
kind of equivalents to like that Trump
and Bernie are similar some kind of
degree it was like a really really weird
reach I mean he's able to like you know
the flood didn't I earlier but it's kind
of like uh I got you see you and him a
line on one little thing now and now
yeah that question I don't really dumb I
don't remember that just cuz I don't
remember for the first night but yeah if
that's in that way that's a pretty
loaded question that's probably not fair
sure okay well okay cool cool cool so I
wish I remembered more here
so aside from that did you uh which I
think I'm looking at a um a link you'll
pick for your I got a picture of some of
all the candidates or you can just like
look at them and we can talk about here
from um from night one do you feel um
actually recall here uh Pete Pete did a
pretty good job um Pete
I mean he's I gotta give him he's a very
charismatic speaker I'm not a fan of
film like it sounds very presidential he
carries himself well yeah he does it
better than it's funny cuz by comparison
like bado tries down with Obama and it's
like really really annoying
they don't always looks like he's about
to start crying I don't know I don't
like yeah it's just oh my god dude
I'm not based it was such a joke to me
at this point Pete Pete threw some
awesome really smooth the answers I
liked a lot I liked some really good
like soundbite answers to yeah yeah yeah
yeah I feel like the the normal
perception would be that Pete's like a
smooth talker he's the really smooth
talker but yes Boston stuff's kind of
like little gang for me here I'm looking
back now Tim Ryan Tim Ryan got dumpster
do you do you recall that one whenever
he was a which one would you want
I don't remember hardly anything he said
he faded away him and Amy should not be
there anymore but I want to say Tim Ryan
was the one who said um you don't have
to yell like whenever like Bernie um
snap back at him and was like oh yeah
yeah when Bernie was when he said I
wrote the damn bill or was I wrote damn
bill you don't have to yell no so you
know you have yep right there how do you
feel about Marianne Williamson I feel
like come on ironically yeah she had a
really good second half performance she
had some very memorable lines she spoke
really well
I'm over all hostile I am Candida but I
agree no I agree she's a meme Canada I
completely agree with that but I feel
like she I'd even go as far as say she
might be one of the top performers like
she's like in the top five of night one
yeah maybe it was like a but still meme
obviously but like but I'm pretty sure
she's like said some weird [ __ ] like I
think she's like anti mental health I
think she's like an anti-vaxxer like
she's guys she's a lot like really
[ __ ] out there weird asked [ __ ]
positions like yeah yeah um so you know
she's a author have you have you read
any of her any of her book stuff at all
nope so so okay um I I did catch one
David Pakman clip where he said he had
up he was quoting like a segment from
her book so I'm just crying I'm kind of
quoting the court of a quote here so
take it as like super vague but she has
some really out there stuff do when it
comes to like her her perception on like
sickness and that it's like a her whole
thing is like that sickness is like a
self-perceived yeah a little element and
I think like there was like a quote that
she gave where it's like I'm not against
mental health but I think that like I
think that like a like a tarot card
reader can give you just as good a
diagnosis this is a medical profession
I'm like I'm paraphrasing oh it wasn't
exactly but it was something it was
something along those lines so I was
like really yeah yeah yeah it was a
yeah and that meditation can like solve
a lot of people's issues right now for
people meditated like she had some like
some really out there like kind of
pseudoscience he's kind of stuff so yeah
she's got um I think is I think if she
gets further in if they've actually
bring up new for concrete applications
and her in her writings it'll get her
you know plummeted or maybe maybe well I
don't [ __ ] know actually maybe um I
mean Donald Trump was pretty it was anti
vac so I mean real quicker minor minor
will think we talked about how there's a
sound clip from I think wasn't sure
about a rally last night and he said
that a cancer something yeah like he
literally said that's all the clipping
anything like we're gonna we're gonna
we're gonna solve the AIDS epidemic and
we're gonna cure childhood cancer that's
what he said now just like okay all
right cool is is the magic wand behind
you in the podium here like what's a
what's going on so okay I'm looking also
else here now so I think that's about it
from
for that I think I think it around to
the second night yeah I think that Biden
held his own really well a lot of people
get really triggered a lot of people
were attacking him but he was way more
awake that night than he was the first
round of debates it's kind of
disappointing because on the first round
I actually thought that I thought the
body was gonna [ __ ] drop or some [ __ ]
he looked like a modern day like Bill
Clinton like he was super like out of it
like I thought he was like old and tired
and couldn't talk to anybody who'd do
anything his first round of the base was
so horrible I couldn't believe it like
he just showed up and expected to win
but on the second day the second round
he was very lively he was much more
awake and he was handling a tax way
better I think that with all those
people hitting him on stage I think he
ended up like either maintaining his
neutrality or coming off looking better
I don't think those attacks were worse
effective as people wanted it to be
unfortunately I can't this is where I
apologize here - I didn't get a chance
to like catch the hour I missed so I
missed a huge chunk of the middle I I've
gotten some highlights on YouTube but I
basically like look like an hour to like
people were non-stop attacking and it
was insane and he held his own like a
lot better after the first debate way
better than I would have expected him so
okay okay so here's what I did see okay
I saw the like the first 40 minutes
until you know we got DMC aid and then I
was dude I was like livid dude I was
like offline I was walking around I was
freaking out and I called switch
partnership had a kind of like a 30
minute phone call with them about what
the [ __ ] going on and what I should do
uh-huh you know I mean leave they don't
then I'm gonna emailed freaking Time
Warner's a little whatever the [ __ ]
email account and you know eat their
[ __ ] for like three paragraphs
straight on the get that [ __ ] taken care
of hopefully they would reply that night
and then finally I like just told my
discord and watched the look like the
final 20 minutes of it that's all like
closing statements that point I was
pretty much it so I think there's a huge
gap right and see [ __ ] so I don't know
what I need to go back and rework all
that to see what happened there but I
did catch some highlights though I did
hear that um tulsi called out kamal as a
voting record on some of the
incarceration thing she's done yeah
before i saw some of that but I think
Kamala didn't like respond like in a
substantiative way but I think her
responses were good enough that they
sounded okay I don't think that I think
it's also you did any damage to come
I know that there a lot of Komal haters
no no I don't think so I saw the answer
that went to me she it was a total dodge
she's like yes okay it still sounded
really good it doesn't matter if its
total dodging I like it sounded fine
like you have to keep in mind that like
when normal people are watching this
they're not like plugged in like reading
like political news like every [ __ ]
day and they know like all the policy
positions and [ __ ] and they're gonna
like be evaluating people on their
policies like a nice example of this is
to look at like like so here's I could
common misconception not you're not
wrong but I mean IBM do when it's like
once not 100% dodge like it was a 100%
dodge yeah that's what Trump did to
every single question in his debates
with Hillary thank rectly comparable
though but uh-huh okay no you're right I
mean I will agree with you they are to
do a better job of like keeping the
normal perception active here because I
mean that's B but at the same time here
though our normals even watching the
primaries though I mean they're being
polled and I guess well yeah I guess I
guess we'll see then I don't know I'm
not sure how many who I like actively
watching the debates i mean i'd imagine
like a substantial amount are actually
because you saw like after the first
round of debates some of the polling
like demonstrated that like there were
significant ships and support for common
law which only could have come from like
the night after the debate so yeah i
mean i would say there's a noticeable
people watching no no it's noticeable
amount of people watching or if they're
not watching the debates they're
watching the reactions other people are
having to the debates yeah i don't agree
that though i mmm all agree through this
important to keep the no ii perception
in mind here so we get an idea of how
things are gonna be whenever the baits
are like you know finalized on who's
primary for each party but like the
kamala to me that take through the hell
there because it was a hundred percent
dodge to completely avoided any kind of
like accountability of what she's done
it with her actions i still sitting with
the facts
same thing with who was dealing to got
clapped really hard here [ __ ] i think
there was a thing between Cory Booker
and Ben Biden but I didn't I didn't get
to see the detail though some about
kool-aid or whatever did you hear about
this one who invited come on it was it
was Biden in Booker um apparently Booker
made someone line about stiffen kool-aid
she like oh [ __ ] I actually saw this
what was it oh I don't I don't remember
the quote exactly but yeah I remember
this is one of Booker's attacks but I'm
almost
I think I was actually watching when he
said this day but I don't remember it
exactly but yeah oh yeah this is what we
call dipping into the coulis without
knowing the flavor or something I think
this was in response to because I think
Biden was Biden launched a pretty big
series of attacks against Booker's
record holy [ __ ] and then that was how
Booker responded like yeah but okay
Ochs it was him in defense then okay
yeah oh well yeah if he if he didn't
elaborate was just like yeah you you're
not an Akula you don't know what's going
around my side and doesn't mention like
what he was doing
yeah okay so that's a okay it's kind of
weird then um I heard I heard yang did
better and I heard Ginga was like was
really hard on it on this time but
Harrison he was definitely speaking
better that's tibay I don't know if it's
enough for him well I mean he's gonna
make it into the next he's gonna make it
easier next round abates I think I don't
know if he's in already if they were
like talking about whether or not
they're gonna qualify that last poll
that he like scored above it or not so
yeah we'll see and the rest is kind of
like whatever like um I don't know how
Kirsten's pulling right now who Leon had
kind of like a kind of cringe a closing
statement from me
Michael Bennet's terrible on his
charisma is like completely dead Michael
off exactly right like the girl who
talks who's the work I don't know he's
just not he's got again not you know
what I got keep telling everyone I'm
like disgust I had like not one but two
bundles of chewing tobacco in his mouth
when he's like on stage is just like can
you like can you like not speak is he
well he just he didn't say anything good
I like you brought up any goat attacks
against anybody he didn't set himself
out at all like that guys yeah yeah just
I don't know so don't get mad if cuff so
you can like spit tobacco out whenever
he's on stage but from here though at
this point now the next the next the
bait session is gonna be um you know
September 12th and 13th in Houston Texas
had some kind of like science theater
dunwood by ABC News and do you recall
the criteria that's required for a
pianist to further on now they need a
hundred and thirty thousand thirty
thousand individual donors I think you
need to be pulling above 2% and at least
for national polls right I think seven
candidates qualified with two or three
that it hit like one of
qualifications but not both so we're
waiting on that like I think yang was
waiting on the polling thing I think
Castro might have been waiting on the
donor thing and then there was one other
person so I'm not 100 in well I mean I
know they're a couple people over for
sure like I think I'll rook was in for
sure Pete Kamala Biden Bernie and Warren
I don't know if there's one more Ben
yeah we'll have to see the I'll make
sign for that one though because I've
been dude I wanted this one to be like a
way weaker I wanted like 10 of them
dropped immediately because uh well you
know what I was huh I mean I'm hoping
that like if they do the next debates
with like two different debates of five
people each I think that would be good
that's fine
yeah I agree that I guess when I want to
see the field like cut in half here
because it's definitely um I feel a lot
of bloat here and I wonder a lot of them
are here Oh made it into yeah okay
do we have any um do we have any data
right now like what um like what's like
well it's the most concrete pool you
have like you have for what you have
like Oh enthusiasm and to quote here I'm
wondering where ones currently pulling
at this point yeah I think at Real Clear
Politics does a good job of aggregating
poll data you can see okay you can pull
it a little qui you can kind of see
where everybody's standing the big
worries here for I mean there's a lot I
could say here I guess I don't know it
sounds sad but I think the big problems
that you're seeing here are Biden Biden
recovered his whole lost lead after the
last set of debates he made up
completely he got back completely for
his loss under the first time Bernie is
pulling in my opinion very
disappointingly considering how much
time he had to campaign during the less
the last cycle like we had a whole six
months or whatever of non-stop
wall-to-wall Bernie coverage when it was
just Bernie versus Hillary and he hasn't
budged since he entered the race he's
he's pulling lower than when he first
got in which is pretty good do who are
the samples in this thing you're like
what are the mechanics that are like who
are what uh who are the samples that are
of like demographics that are being
pulled for this uh thing I mean I mean
there's you can see all the polls at the
top you've got a political one an
economist one in Emerson one
all of these people argue certain ones
can lie clean different ways like I
think Rasmussen usually leans a little
bit right I don't know how much people
critique each of these individual polls
but I think for the most part I mean you
can look at five three and they're and
they're polling projections are pretty
similar what you see like on this site
so okay all right all right Warren has
gained pretty well considering what she
entered the race at she came in at four
percent and she's like hitting Bernie
Larry's camels Lee it has pretty much
dropped off although she shares a pretty
similar base with Warren so his Warren
grows I would expect camo to continue to
drop and yeah mm-hmm all right well I
guess we'll see what goes on from here
then the only other thing I could think
of here that's like worthy of like
bringing up would probably be but um as
far as night to those was a once again
Tulsi was a from what I heard was that
was the top top googled one afterwards
like she was the one who was a the most
googled candidate after the fact uh-huh
um yet again you know her policies
obviously right yeah and then of course
and then did I did I did I already ask
you about uh yes we the toll see kind of
a clap Kamal here oh that's what that's
what I heard I don't know what else she
did though do you fish did a good job if
he may have caught more than me honestly
she speaks well she spoke a lot better
this time than she did in the last one I
personally get a little cringe she
brings up her [ __ ] soldier [ __ ] a lot
although I don't know maybe I don't know
that place is well with depth with
moderate Dems versus like Republicans i
canno Republican see that [ __ ] up I
don't know about I don't know about
Democrats as much she makes it up a lot
but I mean I think she did okay this
debate I don't know if I don't think
it's enough to move the needle on her to
bump her up it's like yeah I guess I
want see hate sound maybe sound like a
ditches ban person here but like it get
wild up like I feel like she's like
she's so controlled and with her
demeanor uh-huh
where it's like you know I see burning
get lit I see you I see Warren get lit
um you know I do see Biden and Booker
and Kamala all get like emotional on
that stage whether it's synthetic or not
and I see her always like in the same
kind of neutral state of the controlled
composure sure so that's cuz she was a
soldier trihex
yeah I know it yeah you know that's why
that's why it's just like it might be a
bad take I agree if that that's what it
comes off to me as that it wouldn't be
as memorable for like the UM for the
right for viewer but you know you're
right you could be that could be a bad
take on my in here because I'm hospital
what do I know but yeah okay so um oh
and then one more thing to it we gotta
cover that the memes here did you did
you get the catch um a Biden's closing
statement yeah a fumble they meant to
give the number that you text or what
everybody just said that it was like his
website or whatever he [ __ ] up yeah it
was what was it again it was like how
did he say I forgot how he said it was
like text you see text Joe or go think
it didn't go to my website a Joe 300
3300 or whatever and that was like all
he said it was like really go to Joe 303
300k was is that like Joe dot numbers is
that you know do i text Joe to that
number like yeah yeah I didn't even say
website it was pretty funny okay and
then the I guess the other other thing
here too is whenever it comes to um what
do you what your opinion what's a good
final impression for the closing
statements here because I was trying to
like define some of them I considered
some of them occur in just and concerned
some of them good but I had to like
figure out a criteria that was
consistent with me so I wasn't just
talking about my ass here and your
opinion what's the UM what's a good
closing statement structure I think this
is why areas are like one liners are
like really effective yang's was uh
Nayana CLE pretty good he pulled it from
a subreddit actually somebody brought a
subreddit post and suggested he bring up
the reality TV [ __ ] and he actually
copied the comment I thought it was
really [ __ ] funny but yeah I don't
know if anybody else has stood out to me
as much but I was pretty distracted that
night so it's hard for me to say yeah
yeah yeah I try to think of it's okay
look lo the statement should be like
maybe like a hook I'm like what the what
differentiates what difference you for
the rest of the pack maybe some kind of
call to action and then like a like a
singer that's the lasting impression I
would say so who cooked me in give me a
call to action
and then give me the final impression
I'm like who you are and why you should
give a [ __ ] about you uh-huh so and then
but I notice of this new string here now
though what happened in June I feel like
people weren't plugging things as often
but people were plugging everywhere here
and I first I kind of I kind of defined
plugs is like kind of like desperation
like I'm putting my website here so it's
kind of like yeah I'm insecure that you
won't go and website otherwise no it's
good you should yeah but I have myself
challenged that now and I'm like no well
maybe no what are you gonna do here not
you're not selling out it's like I want
you to have my website I want you to you
know read into my you know here's my
policies here's my thing don't even
wanna support here's where I'm gonna be
touring at between debates stages or
whatever I've kind of been challenging
that I feel like you know ya know you
can you can plug or you should plug
honestly why wouldn't you plug right
uh-huh
yeah eyeballs and on this virtual
billboard of a debate stage so well good
so so there you go everyone make sure to
text uh Joe to 303 300 do you do your
thing that yeah all right any other big
topics are we good now baby that's a
dude we filled up uh but do we got a
Dorothy thing we actually did two and a
half hours to say that we had like we
had to like kind of [ __ ] something out
today oh okay we out here baby look I
blame the phone the phone derail was
pretty it was pretty epic I was like a
solid you know 30 minutes of like
unplanned [ __ ] yeah damn okay I'm
[ __ ] tired as [ __ ] I said for like
three hours last night so I'm a little
you know honestly I'm not gonna lie to
you I uh my mom hated this whenever I
was a kid I always had a I
I bought some like some suede thick
black curtains in my room because I was
like at the generous [ __ ] and I would
just day up on night playing games of
[ __ ] and I would have encouraged that
was block all the sunlight and she hated
it just like oh my god you're such a
freaking you know whatever gamer or
whatever should call me uh-huh
so yeah there's do you think man make my
make my mom mad just get those big fat
those big thick black herds and just you
know knock out midday bro come on the
other thing about it alright alright
okay
I love your to spend fund me cry bro
wait what are you doing are you still do
Mario maker and stuff yeah yeah I'm not
I'm actually making a level today
I'm finally making I'm great
level it's very very scary it'll take me
probably a couple days to do but I plan
to make the best level ever I'm finally
playing lux I've been there desk level
ever oh yeah it moves me [ __ ] its fans
[ __ ] t Hills I'm making love this tell
me this [ __ ] my love's gonna be [ __ ]
amazing so I'm making a Mario maker
level so if you want to hop in the labs
gonna be chill I'm have that lo-fi on
and I'm gonna explore my creative
endeavors and like make a level that
you're all gonna you all can [ __ ] on me
for because you think it's too hard but
[ __ ] it get good [ __ ] huh
so yeah I'm gonna do that okay cool all
right I love you buddy it's been fun
stay yeah it's been fun
yeah GG tears love you boys I'll catch
you later yes
supposedly there was a meme that you can
put a graphics card in an oven and then
make it for a while and you
