[Music]
Wow my did what's up all right how'd you
wanted to check what do wanna chat about
buddy anything yep okay what's your
favorite movie that's an interesting
question and a big pile of what about
Dinesh's films let's get right down to
business
Indian dude or whatever that makes the
crazy Gaucho okay is there a way you can
turn your mic mic up significantly like
yes I can't
oh okay so can actually yeah I get
closer to my microphone sorry yeah me
now yeah a little bit what you did
before when you were dreaming was
actually really good when you were
really close oh this is this is this is
uncomfortable this one here we go
quietly boss no whatever make your app
sounds really good if you're close to it
just you have to like is it like a web
camera oh it is not a webcam it is a
blue snowball
sure I mean it's not funny yeah I just
get right up in there yeah all right
wait so what do you Europe I just like a
podcast and I think it was OBS cuz on my
size that microphone was working and
then some people said good to hear it so
I'm like okay now you say you can't hear
it sound like oh well I mean I can hear
you is just kind of quiet okay
well okay I think my buddy said you're a
black conservative that's all he said
well I'm not really concerned as I say
identifies classically liberal but I am
the publican okay cool
isn't classically liberal like 95% of
the United States and Western world
right now are classically liberal would
not necessarily be 95 percent of the
restaurant do you think Democrats in the
United States are classically liberal no
some of them can be I don't think the
majority are when you say classically
liberal what do you mean by that
classically liberal in terms of social
and economic beliefs and going back over
several hundred years if we believe in
freedom economically and opportunity
things like that you tend to probably
believe in civic nationalism as opposed
to cult it smells like ethnically or
religious nationally you tend to believe
that people make up their decisions on I
only believe an individual or something
things like that wait Merrill it's about
the role the United States government
context and typically classical liberals
they believe in less government
intervention but you know if you go back
to the 60s could be Kinsey and you don't
think that the majority of Democrats
believe in relatively limited government
intervention or not today today I think
we see their policies and the results
have been that they increased government
intervention that limited I mean I think
it really depends on where we're talking
about when it comes through the
Democratic Party in some regions it
might be like in the Midwest they
definitely gonna be more classic we will
be more like old-school Democrats but if
you go to New York City or if you of the
San Francisco or California or Seattle
they're gonna be mandating much more
things and they might be more far to the
left more progressive points as opposed
to literally
so you think that progressivism and
liberalism are like counter indicative
of one another this um basically yes
progressivism the liberalism I always
the same thing well yeah I know they're
two different things I just didn't think
they were counter where the difference
between professors and them with all
them because the one little was when
you're liberal item things you're
freeing things you're giving more
freedom to progressivism you're
projecting you want to progress using
the government to progress okay okay
let's get rid of okay let's talk about
for all the labels I think I think we're
gonna get Larson in this part of the
debate or in the in the conversation I
guess my understanding of a classically
liberal are generally people who
generally hands-off believe in economic
freedoms believe in basic freedoms like
read above the price basically [ __ ]
that's covered our First Amendment I
guess personally I feel like Democrats
and Republicans are pretty equivalent
they're like people even hate speech and
that that should be regulated in sensor
a classical liberal wouldn't believe in
hey chief I don't
I mean classical liberal is such a broad
term it sounds like you almost want to
just say like libertarian or even like
and Caffrey something I feel like ten
caps aren't necessarily the same thing
either and libertarians are slightly
different because libertarians I feel
like you'd have a really hard time
making the statement all liberal are all
classical liberals would be opposed to
laws regulating HSP hate speech I don't
know if that's a that's its anti its
anti theoretical to what classical
liberals that they mean if you're really
if you're regulating speech you're
fighting against what historically
classical liberals have always fought
against okay remember the Free Speech
Movement even when we thought about the
name class of the liberal for talking
about when Democrats were classically at
livable back in the sixties they had the
Free Speech Movement in Berkeley and
that was about all speech I just
regulating basically about Bailey
we wanted no regulations on free speech
we want to be a believer our lives -
maybe we supposed to complete it that's
guaranteed to us and constitute and I
think today we don't see you left just
believing in that nearly as much still
the majority do but we're seeing more
and more don't okay and I guess you
could say that existed on the right as
well
there are some people on the right that
you know honestly they they don't
believe in freedom of speech sometimes -
some people do start moving into ethical
nationalistic ideas one people seem to
believe and like regulating video so
that they can't say whatever they want
like they shouldn't have a bias
personally I believe the cure for the
five student am advised but you're
starting to see more people calling for
more censorship of what media can see so
it's on both sides but it's more more so
prevalent and work torn no the left
gotcha would you do you think that Trump
is a pretty good advocate for freedom of
speech he's a pretty good advocate for
why you should have these because
honestly what does that man how what do
you mean by that
well first and foremost I mean he's used
language that a lot of people would
consider offensive I don't personally
call it this very offensive some people
do but personally speaking hey the fact
that he uses Twitter to contact people
the fact that he doesn't have together
you pull out people by name on Twitter
they respond to him and say he should
die if everybody was fine he's not
thinking that much he doesn't take it
serious he posed memes of himself he's
really more relaxed he seems like a more
of a commonplace person especially if
you're from the Midwest you know people
like not strong well I don't I don't
know any billionaires I don't know what
you mean by commonplace person or
personally I don't know yeah well like a
common person so a common person like
first temper tantrums on Twitter and
stuff what do you mean by common person
oh you know what yeah common post the
person does both to interpret every
tantrum that's what a raw human you know
some people are going to disagree with
one another and they get in there and
you know people do post rants why do why
we have Twitter people make careers on
that stuff because post bangs all
they on Twitter but how did you get a
hundred thousand tweets you know you get
a hundred thousand tweets by posting
rants about what you don't like and what
you do like and I was something doesn't
Witter that per he's a little more
politically inclined and you know what
the thing is he was doing the same thing
as a regular citizen to do he was
tweeting his mind there I think he
supports most either being able to tweet
their mommies as long as it's not
calling for violence I know he did
recent tweet about you know him and with
the people some people can disagree but
I think what he's talking about any
thoughts about that specifically media
days trying to mislead media that is
trying to divide those you don't think
Trump does had it all Trump
misleading people in dividing I mean
would have to point things that he does
sure how about when he said over three
million illegals voted in the last
election you know what s interesting is
they didn't even give over the voter
rolls for that I think in the Columbus
Ohio where I'm from they had this
election in Franklin County and well as
I think they said like seven or so or
sixteen people or I think a hundred and
sixteen people over the age of like a
hundred and seven at 100 subs 160 voted
in that election and it's like that many
people that aloof in that County I don't
spin so that compare that many oxide
very badly uh-huh over a hundred years
ago that's kind of like remarkable that
that many people in that County happened
to have that they go voting okay
sure okay wait let's focus on this one
topic on the date and then you know
what's interesting that people on both
sides actually didn't like there was for
instance there was that he wanted to
actually check the voter rolls to make
sure that there was no voter fraud on
both sides and we saw a Republican
Attorney General's left is to change
internals Democratic trained generals
they all said no they didn't cooperate
they didn't hand it over and then you
know the same time the media is saying
no cable Russia can intervene in
elections and bla bla bla bla bla and
then we're seeing actually Democrats
giving away motor passes and licenses
and they're also telling the leftists or
y'all stop telling like real immigrants
you can vote they want to pass laws
where you can vote they're doing
amnesties and criminals and felons we
got actually got a show we got a show
cuz you just have so many things that
were totally untrue I like to take them
apart one at a time okay before we get
like am i right well like okay so when
you say registering it was two hundred
thousand people that were given amnesty
right before the election in 2016
there were felons illegal immigrants are
being they're asking people in like I
think was like Massachusetts in
California and several other places that
are very left is they're saying eh if
you're legal citizen you want you to
vote can we do one at a time okay here
just so that I can set the tone for this
so a common conservative debate tactic
is gonna be to steamroll me with 52
stories that are all fake and then kind
of walk away at the end when we get hung
up on one so I really like to go to this
house yeah if you want to
well because I'm familiar with most of
the fake news that you just kind of
repeated so firstly the first thing you
talked about how other states are
registering illegals to vote I'm very
familiar with the case in California
where that claim was made because
illegal people are encouraged to sign up
for driver's licenses online and the
online registration process will also
register you to vote if you're a citizen
but that doesn't give non-citizens the
ability to register to vote and most of
these kinds of like fake news
conservative talking points all revolve
around this kind of doublespeak where
people say well you know they lit it
undocumented people register on some
online service therefore they're going
to start voting illegally all of that is
just completely untrue like I've looked
into all of these stories and if they
were true it would be reported on like
international headlines that like
illegal people are being registered to
vote on more places than just like
Breitbart or the Federalist Tribune or
whatever random conservative website
there is okay since you link that's
Boston Herald is not left-wing they're
thinking about in Boston okay these are
for local Alexis might even just been
for school districts but these are not
for federal like presidential elections
or for federal like senator elections or
whatever I've seen some of these stories
as well I think in Boston I think the
push was for um they were saying that
undocumented people should be able to
vote on like school superintendents and
school policy stuff but this isn't like
on voting for president they said
specifically the Boston City Council
will consider it will consider ways it
can let non-citizens vote in city
elections tomorrow in a hearing so we're
talking about City elections can you
also say all members of the community
should have the right to participate and
be included in the governance of that
community okay aka non-citizens should
have the right to vote at a local level
okay
and it says ways it can it doesn't even
say anywhere about okay Holden sure so
hold on okay so we've got three levels
of like crazy [ __ ] going on here so
firstly okay so firstly in this article
this isn't being pushed it's saying the
City Council will consider so we don't
even know if this is gonna go through
firstly secondly it says it will
consider ways it can let non-citizens
vote so that doesn't mean that they're
going to be voting for like the senator
like for federal elections or anything
it says in city elections and then
thirdly it says all members of community
should have a right to participate me
included in the governance of that
community that doesn't imply like
federal elections or anything it could
be like I said I think it would be nice
to see what's actually being talked
about instead of like a two paragraph
article but I'm pretty sure I've seen
these in regards to like voting on like
school superintendents and school
policies locally and whatnot that it
would give those people the right to
vote now whether or not okay I need a
different source of that because this
these two paragraphs don't demonstrate
that well I just said you should be able
to have a say in your community in votes
okay do you understand that city
election doesn't mean like vote for
governor or vote from could be married
ships it can be things like that people
control it could also be superintendents
it could be everything it's just a start
if these people are allowed to vote at a
local level who is to say that they
don't start interfering
so they actually gets pushed further
then higher and higher and higher okay
sure so we've kind of assumed that it
would I'm not assuming anything so we've
got a little motte-and-bailey going on
here where you will be open to this
discussing illegals voting in a
presidential election and now you're
giving me an article that's saying that
a Boston City Council will consider
letting undocumented people participate
in some city election actually voting no
or well yeah when you go to vote I mean
they ask you to what your addresses and
your name is and then they check your
from the list right yeah or someone else
has this been demonstrated as happening
before the United States and a federal
in a federal election okay so recently
in Georgia there was an election they've
actually had a recount but they've
actually found out that more people
voted than were registered about two
hundred and twenty seven percent of
people turned out to vote in a specific
district can you say over over the
registered voters okay well yeah let's
just cut how about we cut to the better
happen truck so I'm not sure I would
have to if this is a daily call to link
I'd probably have to find a better
source to see what actually happened I
would never trust anything yeah I mean I
don't have to look into it but I guess
going to the heart of the matter Trump
put together a commission to investigate
the illegal voting thing as soon as he
took office and that Commission
disbanded like a month ago and they said
they found nothing why didn't it
wait what weren't doing the roles they
weren't able to check any things they
just disbanded because they couldn't do
anything I mean you have to have
cooperation or if it happened if no one
gives you the voter rolls you can't
check to see if there was fraud so all
of these random no-name websites were
able to dig up all this fraud but the
president wasn't able to authorize
people with enough power to do so how
does that make sense
it's a Federal Republic system work
sorry I didn't realize that Trump was so
ineffective I guess I don't know okay
well sometimes I believe
voting is taking place but trunk can't
find any of it what if he's so infected
then he's not much of a threat to you
and your ideas huh well he's got like
Supreme Court picks unfortunately and is
ineffective do you think that when I say
that Trump is ineffective that means he
has no impact on any way are you oh your
shapiro fan aren't you I'm not I've been
sued girlfriend at all I don't like him
okay yeah that was a fast one so anyway
when I said Trump was ineffective the
entire sentence is it would would read
to a reasonable person like it seems
that Trump is ineffective in
investigating voter fraud control of his
entire Justice Department right now I
mean you have sometimes recused
themselves from absolutely everything to
do with the Attorney General and he's
letting the Rosa Steen rule everything
so as far as I'm concerned it's not
doing much she can't do much and he's
not dictator he glues on the rule of
wall you understand that sessions
sessions and Rosen Stein were both Trump
appointments I know so I mean you can't
really like Trump can't really say like
media did come in and say Rosenstein is
trusted by Republicans and Democrats he
just he's one of the more popular
selections that Donald Trump makes and
he's doing that to appease the
establishment and establishment wanted
Rosenstein so he picks Rosenstein and
it's what happens is it backfires so
badly on Donald Trump and roses team
recommends that he fires James Comey and
he's like okay I'll fire James Comey
because I don't really like the guy
anyway he's fired and then guess what
roses team appoints you know basically
Robert Mueller because Donald Trump is
obstructing justice like okay Donald
Trump's expecting justice on your own
recommendation to fire someone and you
yourself should recuse from things
because you've been found to be tied to
things like if you're tied to own rushed
investigation which you have actually
started yourself and you're over of
you're investigating yourself you should
recuse yourself that's why we had
sessions accused himself
cuz Oh apparently he met with her
Russian therefore he cannot be unbiased
he's going to be partial to bias um he's
gonna try to interfere so he recused
himself from everything to do in rose
esteem he refuses to do the same thing
now House Republicans don't like them
and his same story is Alec all roses
danger
oh yeah but you know what the people
that are trying to impeach him and the
people are defending him what I see here
is two Democrats they're defending
wasn't seeing what he's doing is
definitive then Democrats defending
Mueller and what are you doing not
