hey what's up buddy good evening how are
you sir I'm doing great how are you yeah
not too bad cold raining typical Irish
weather awesome
yeah how about you um more or less the
same except no Rangers called we're
about to yeah I'm assuming you're in
America yeah I live in the middle part
of it pretty much well ok so I know
little or nothing about you you only
came to my attention when I saw a tweet
by somebody complaining that you had
issued a copyright notice against a
video that she posted mm-hmm and the
video clip I think she had mirrored
somewhere else I saw I saw that that
video clip and I was quite incensed I
tweeted out what I tweeted out which is
still there on my I had many people who
came at me I think is there the term and
they said you have taken this clip out
of context you need to watch the full 2
hour debate
that's right there I think you could
have just watched like a minute of it
but ok well no I did I certainly didn't
want to be seen to be ill informed so I
did watch the 2 hour debate and it was
10 times worse than I thought it could
have been from my point of view from
from a number of points of view that I'm
sure we can discuss what it was I guess
I want to be nothing if not courteous
you're the one who invited me to speak
with you was there something that you
had in particular you wanted to speak
with me about first of all oh well I
just I don't really appreciate it when
people take what I say out of context
and then spread it around online to try
to defame me is really irritating for me
okay that wasn't the intention to the
same well there was the intention of the
original poster and then you hopped on
that bandwagon so you assumed
responsibility for that when you retweet
InDesign video yes I did I took I took
that video I listened to the clip I was
I won't say offended but I I think the
the correct word was I was incensed that
somebody would say what you said I'm
hold the view that you hold or that you
seemed to hold or that at the very least
at the time you held and and then
apparently look to silence a somebody
who was so I'm not silencing anybody I
don't understand what you mean by that
the content is freely available on my
YouTube and on my twitch people can link
to it as much as they want though
they're nothing as being silenced so why
would you then issue copyright I I don't
know what the American terminology would
be but we would simply call it a
copyright takedown sure because my video
was being Rijo stood on another platform
without my permission or authorization
and it was being hosted in a way to
intentionally reframe what I said to
defend me okay but I mean do you think
that it was you that the intention was
to defame you yeah of course absolutely
yeah okay
well then perhaps if it's okay with you
do you have any questions for me I don't
want this to be a one-way barrage or
one-way onslaught no I mean I think I've
already expressed my issue was theory
hosting video stuff in order to okay
misrepresent my opinion on something
yeah well then maybe if we establish I
guess if you basics are you speaking to
me in the belief that I am a troll and
that's your word not mine oh I'm not I
don't really know yet I guess usually
when I engage in these conversations I'm
not really concerned if the person is
trolling or not I'm more concerned with
grappling with the actual argument okay
yeah
but in the back of your mind I I did do
you still believe in some way even
though I'm not clear myself and what
mm-hmm the definition of a troll is yes
I have openly admitted that yes my
twitter account is used for satire it's
used for comedy but anybody with a
modicum of intelligence can tell when
I'm being serious about an issue and
when I'm just poking fun or poke he's
posting silly memes or you know things
of that nature I guess it's hard to tell
when your profile picture is literally a
fat black woman doing the sassy thing
and then your name is Shaniqua O'Toole
like it's hard to tell what should be
taken seriously but I understand that
and what I would say to you on that is
you are in America you are American you
are viewing that as somebody we're not
quite sure I understand the reason why
you are all so racially sensitive over
there it is so insane to us here that me
using that I have family and friends who
follow me on Twitter as well and all of
the abuse that I get for that picture is
from Americans and I specifically state
in my bio inspired by the model in the
picture so when it seems that when
Americans see that picture
what are they the word they straightaway
go for is a racist has to be racist
right sure
so why can I be attracted to that person
in the picture I guess it's not about
being attractive it's just that when I
look at it it reminds me of like a like
a and this isn't necessarily you but it
reminds me of like a teenager trying to
be edgy like okay well I'm gonna find a
picture of like a fat black woman doing
a sassy thing and I'm gonna get myself
the last name O'Toole like I'm a big
tool and then I'm gonna pick a song oh
my first name should be like that's just
what it comes off as I'm not that could
be like a legitimate Irish last name and
it's you don't know what tool is oh is
an Irish last name I know I'm saying it
could be but I mean it also very
conveniently works you know in terms of
like like there are real-life like
I want to say American last name so like
English last names are German last names
that also can look like another word
that would fit I'm just saying that like
if it's not attending racism like
perfectly fits as racist is to a an
insult in America yeah it's a pretty it
can be yeah like you're like you're a
tool you know like you're an idiot
you're just use for something oh okay
look you're a tool right yeah huh well
we would call each other handbags Jack
maybe sure Shaniqua would be like the
name of like if you're trying to make
fun of somebody you komak Tyrone or
Shaniqua Jamal like you'd pick like a
stereotypical black name I had never
heard of that name and you know what I
don't mind if you record this or if you
want to publish this because nothing
that I will say to you is confidential
information if you will oh sure that's
right no I'm sorry um I'm sorry let me
back up for a second just to be clear
I'm live-streaming
is that okay yeah I don't mind that at
all okay I don't mind at all okay sure
sure that the name Shaniqua was a new
name to me it was given to me by my
friend who is a crazy left-wing SJW
there's there's a whole backstory to it
that you know we can we can unpack at
another time what I was more interested
in your your your position that this
person is a troll because of this
picture because of this name and without
looking at the substance of my tweets
would that be well yeah combined with
the personal attack the baseless attack
on me and then with everything else yeah
I just figure I mean unfortunately I
engage with thousands of these people on
a weekly basis so I have to make kind of
snap calls and that's that this is I
guess your job what you do is you debate
um I don't like to say that but yeah
that's a part of it now yeah okay how
did this person come into your
consciousness this famous person a MOS a
lot of the issues that I deal with on my
channel are philosophical because it's I
think that it's a very important part of
politics and ethics obviously ethics and
then by extension of that politics and
policy so the I'm currently feuding with
the skeptic community on YouTube I have
a lot of issues with a lot of them and
we kind of go back and forth and almost
was a guy that was kind of making his
way
through the skeptic community doing this
pedophilia debate and I thought that
it's an interesting debate because I
think there are a lot of kind of core
ethical things that we take for granted
and I think it's fun to justify those
ethics that we have when you say debate
that you debated this person does this
mean that you were in any way open to
having your mind changed always in every
debate yeah I would be open has changed
of course yeah I see so this person
stated aim and I'll quote this I'm
trying to eliminate the age of consent
laws for sex
legalizing child pornography and ending
discrimination for pedophiles you're
open to having your mind change on that
if they're in the correct if they're on
the right then young and how would you
decide if they're in the right through
discourse through argumentation I guess
find out if their rationale is more
reasonable than get read if this
person's rationale was more reasonable
than yours then you would I guess end up
agreeing with them that the age of
consent law should be eliminated yeah of
course would you not no of course not
why because of what the person said he
wanted to do to two and three year olds
and then later on when they reached the
age of seven he deemed them worthy
enough for penetrative sex so if you had
well if you had a musician and somebody
has argued that position against you and
they had a better argument than yours
you would hold on to your position
understanding that it was inferior
reasonably to the other person the the
very the the very matter that this is on
the table for discussion is quite
shocking to me why I am because you're
talking about the most vulnerable people
in our society and you are talking about
engaging them in sexual activity where
their bodies have not reached the age of
sexual maturity and where they are
completely unable to understand what it
is they have been recruited to be
involved in sure well of course I Green
that those are all the arguments that I
made that's why
I'm not in favor of getting rid of the
consent laws Yeah right
but you were open to having your mind
changed on that
of course I'm open to having my mind
changed on any topic everyone should be
on every topic yeah right so under what
circumstances then if you're open to
having your mind change there must be
circumstances where you would in some
way
there must be circumstances where you
would agree that two and three-year-olds
may be involved in such activities with
a dolt if you're overly not know of
court thinks oh right now I haven't
heard a convincing argument for it now
you haven't heard a convincing argument
so did the analogy then that comes to my
head is that your like seaweed if you
hear something well then you'll go one
way and then if you hear something else
you'll look another way and like a tide
going in and out the way it moves
seaweed back and forth you wouldn't be
willing to put your sword in the ground
so to speak and say no this is an
absolutely repugnant act that this
person is looking to enact I think that
the analogy is very loaded but if that's
the one you want to use sure okay I mean
I mean Deana I mean you could construct
any number of analogies to make your
position look equally ridiculous where
please do I I'm not too sure how to
communicate with you this is a pretty
important thing so you're telling me
that if you believe that 2+2 is 5 and
you really believe that that you would
never be open to somebody changing your
mind on that like the consequences of 2
plus 2 equal in 5 don't have the same
ramifications for a 2 or 3 year old
being involved in something that can an
impact negatively on them like the rest
of their lives I understand that that's
all part of my argument okay
so do you have another kind of question
that's closer related to rather than 2
plus 2 we can equally 5 do you have
another example that we can steer this
back into the same sheriff's knew yours
so
not to make this personal but you are a
trans person right yeah okay if somebody
were to tell you that being a trans
person is just naturally disgusting or
unnatural and that was their natural
position and they weren't open to
hearing any arguments about it because
they were so convinced of that that not
be troublesome to you not at all don't
care I do what I do I do whatever I do
and improve in the privacy of my own
home or in private don't particularly
care what anyone has to say okay then if
you believe that like all knowledge and
all truth is just nihilistic and nothing
that matters then why why I thought that
that's me that's my own personal view
that one very small issue okay well I
guess so for me personally I cuz I have
no idea what your platform is for me
personally I consider the pursuit of
truth to be very very very important
which means I'm always open to my mind
check well you don't seem to agree with
that meaning that my mind should always
be open to being changed if a better
argument is presented towards me if I
believe in any particular thing if
somebody has a better argument then I
either use it to strengthen my own by
countering their argument or I would
assume their position of their argument
is better to make sure that I'm holding
the most truthful position at all points
in time even even if there was a cost
well the cost would have to be they
would have to argue against that cost I
mean that would be part of the argument
like it's you're making it sound like um
let's say that I firmly believe that I
don't want to put a gun to my head and
kill myself but I would argue that if
somebody could make a convincing
argument than then sure I would you make
it sound like somebody could just stroll
along and say well you're dumb and now
I'll kill myself or something like well
what if somebody made the argument that
in five years my DNA mutates and
destroys all of mankind I guess like in
that circumstance I could kill myself
sure I mean just because you're open to
and hearing another argument doesn't
mean that you're going to change with
the wind that there like a piece of
seaweed you're gonna blow to the other
side so it would be fair if we go to the
very very extremes look just so I'm
clear in my own mind I I go to the very
extremes and let's pretend just for the
sake of discussion mm-hmm let's pretend
that Hitler was still alive mmm-hmm okay
having done what he did in the past
let's pretend he then decided you know
what I want to do I want to
another six million Jews okay and he was
then going around looking for people to
hear him out okay would you would you be
willing to hear him out and give him
that opportunity sure yeah I would hear
any argument I don't think he would sway
me but yeah I would always hear any
argument sure so that there is no in
pinyin then there is no topic that would
be just too radioactive for you to say
well yeah let's hear him out absolutely
yes I think that everything should
always be justified yeah I think that a
big problem we're having right now in
the West is that we took for granted a
lot of things that weren't justified so
yeah I would engage in any topic how do
you buy it so it's not I'm not
necessarily coming at this from a and
this is for any listener out there who
may think that I was attempting to
stifle free speech or shut down free
speech that wasn't the the message
behind my tweet and I did get a lot of
feedback from people saying oh well
you're just anti-free speech and that's
not the case
I'm concerned because I understand that
there are there is a difference between
free speech and between having the
intellectual pride if you like to say
there is no topic that we shouldn't
discuss and then having the wisdom to go
well yes we can discuss that but is it
wise to discuss that you can see there's
a difference between the two yes of
course discuss whatever you like but I
would put it to you that this has not
done you any favors shall we say I mean
I disagree but okay okay I would put it
to you that you spent 90 minutes there
or there abouts discussing eliminating
the age of consent laws for sex with
somebody who wanted to achieve that aim
and if he had convinced you as you said
your mind was open if he had convinced
you then it wasn't your first debate but
there were 4,000 people listening in so
he may well have convinced other people
in just that one stream do you think you
would hold any accountability for that I
don't know I don't think so I think that
I put up a more than adequate argument
against what he was arguing for and I
think that going down that road I mean
you could draw lines on the other side
too and argue that sure of those 4,000
people listening they might have heard
an almost video in the past and they
were going to be in favor of his view
until they listened to me or maybe
somebody in my in my audience heard
would hear something in the future of
his and because I never engaged with him
they decided to take up you know his
cause because they hadn't heard somebody
put up a good argument hmm and even if
there was one would you not say that
would it be one two men how can i
quantify what if there were ten that
were swayed otherwise well they would be
swayed to the good versus well 9 what if
what if there were 10 people that were
listening to him in the future and had
never heard a compelling argument
against his and then they were like well
[ __ ] it I mean I've never really heard a
reason you know to keep the age of
consent laws you know so I will jump
over but maybe because there's a yeah
I'm sorry I don't know how to address
you how would you like me to address you
on you can call me Steven Steven Steven
so let's pretend then that there were
100 people who said you know what I like
Stevens argument better I'm going to
side with him on this okay and there was
one who said well I like a mosque a
mosque
I like Amos better my question to you is
would you not feel that you would have
some degree of responsibility for that
one person going over and siding with a
mosque
I mean I I guess has it happened on your
it happened in your I guess on your
watch if you want to provide that sure I
mean I mean I guess to some extent yeah
but then do I get to assume
responsibility for the people then that
won't be swayed because they heard a
better argument or well yeah sure you
can take the credit for that
okay well then yeah then sure I guess
yeah I mean I'll understand that anytime
you plot
somebody invariably there will be some
even if it's incredibly small percentage
of people that will be swayed over to
that side sure that's an inevitability I
accept yeah and so therefore it's
inevitable that if we could tip the
balance in the other direction we could
say that one person sided with you and
100 people sided with Amos it's all
we're doing is spitballing here we're
just saying this could have happened
it's possible yeah she ossible okay so
what we have to then excuse me we have
to then go and say and question whether
it was responsible for you to have this
discussion in the first place okay if
that could have happened and you just
admitted it so do you not feel that it
maybe in hindsight and this is I'm not
looking to score points with you I'm
looking to you know what we're having a
