go hey what's up buddy how's it gone too
bad yourself pretty good how you done I
just asked you okay what's up what do
you wanna chat about man there's so many
things we could chat about like I
mentioned in the email interested in
your position on youth rights I haven't
ever heard you discuss it talked about
determinism and your ethical egoism any
of those I am really you know there's
any number of things that I'd be happy
to to discuss with you because I'm
curious okay yeah which one you want to
do first go for it well first just you
know tell me what you are what your
position is on youth rights because I'm
curious because you seem to be generally
relatively consistent in your positions
sure so I'm pretty much a
consequentialist I guess so I just look
at outcome so it seems like youth
probably need a lot of Rights revoked
from them because they would make
horrible decisions otherwise that would
lead to worse outcomes for ultimately me
but then definitely societally so is
that what you're asking in terms like
how we give rights to young people or
because I'm curious how that works out
with well what your position on abortion
which is actually I think exactly my
position on abortion and that there's no
other line you have to treat this person
there's a human and therefore they have
human rights and you can't take their
life away you might use a different word
than rights yeah I definitely wouldn't
though legally speaking if you can't do
something when that person has a right
preventing you from doing that thing
okay so in law school it's it's where I
got most of my philosophy or where I
continued with philosophy and so shyam
the so I said tend to see things and
rights duties etc so I'm curious how
that works because it doesn't seem to be
I know you say consequentialist but I
thought you were a rational egoist and
so I don't know how that how it ties in
how you get from rational egoism to to
depriving youth of right or of freedoms
however you want to phrase it well I
mean like I'm an egoist and such that
like I want everything ultimately to
benefit myself and I think those are the
only things that I can truly be
compelled to act on and then I look at
that through a consequentialist
framework I guess you okay I hear I
really don't like I don't I don't like
the abortion I get it I just I really
don't have a strong commitment to this
and it's got it gets so hairy and so
many wasted time talking about this
here's my position on on abortion right
real quick okay the reason why you let
me just get this real quick the reason
why I don't like abortion is because it
makes me uncomfortable in my okay so
here's the big crux of this is that I
view a fetus is a human life or the
reason why is because I haven't found a
better definition for human life than
the moment your DNA comes together so
that's my definition human life so I
consider as I go to be the moment of
human existence when you say that
abortion is permissible activity what
you're saying is it's okay to murder
some people for the convenience of other
people now from a rural utilitarian
point of view if you've crafted that
rule for society that murdering some
people is okay for benefits others it
makes me nervous that I might be
susceptible to that rule at a later
point of my life say hypothetically
somebody says passed the age of 65 you
no longer benefit society we're gonna
kill all 65 year olds well I feel like
if I've said abortion is okay then it
seems like you know that might be a
world that I should be okay where there
would be harder to make one of the other
now maybe there were holes you can poke
me but that's generally how I reason
that out it has nothing to do with like
natural rights of people or anything
else like that like that's just you yeah
okay all right question the consistency
because I've obtained from a utilitarian
point of view the same thing would apply
to youth rights then if it's all right
to take rights away from youth because
they might not have quite as much and
obviously it depends on the youth then
you could say the same thing
for people after a certain age which
would apply to you sure okay so I would
think from that perspective it would
make sense to say okay
you can't deny rights based on age based
on something arbitrary well no no no no
you have to be careful not to move past
or higher order things so I don't care
about age really that age isn't the
important thing its capability to act in
ways which produce good outcomes for
society so children are not capable of
independently acting in ways that are
beneficial for society for instance if I
have been endowed with whatever rights I
would get as an adult as a child I
probably would have never went to school
I probably wouldn't eat might like
properly I probably eat candy all day I
probably run around in the streets
[ __ ] naked and murdering Caleb I
don't know I would do whatever crazy
[ __ ] [ __ ] kids envision right so I
don't think that children are capable of
making rational decision I don't really
care about the age I'm not like
concerned with like by you know 16 you
can sign a contract or buy whatever so
it's not like an H stamp focused on its
rather you know what are the ages that
children are around approximately where
they can make to society it's not based
on an actual it doesn't matter if you
can if you're better than an 18 year old
I'm okay with it if cognitively if I'm
not yeah if I can't functionally drive a
car most seventy year old
okay I need money imagine should there
be some way to test people at that age
like I'm okay with requiring like okay
but I still don't like these I still
think this is a false equivalency
because like by the reason why old
people can't can't drive vehicles has to
do with the degradation of several of
our systems are visual and auditory
systems and are reflexive what not they
vary greatly from person to person
there is no twelve-year-old with a fully
developed prefrontal cortex right like
these are actual physiological changes
in the brain that do occur as
goes on like there's not gonna be a test
for a ten-year-old that we can give them
in order to see if they can properly
manage like an investment account or
something right like or deal with like
long or short term risks and responsible
ways no I mean like I wouldn't be
totally opposed to and it to some ways
even in society we already do recognize
this for instance in many states like 14
and 15 year olds can apply for early
driver's licenses or learner's permits
more particularly depending on where you
live
so I mean in some ways we already kind
of do do this in society right it's
someone we don't we base it on we don't
base it on sure and I totally understand
this is the thing is that this is not
we're not having a discussion of ethics
now we're moving into like total
practicality like in the real world it
would be nice to create like
individualized tests for every single
person a testament every single
circumstance to see what they're capable
of like reasoning out but realistically
we can't do that is she's not possible
to do it and there's a Seidel level so
like they're these are two very
difficult decisions one is like like
what what what ought we to do in society
with certain types of people and what is
practical to do and these two
conversations are entirely separate
things right yes I completely agree yeah
that's how I end up with my politics is
practical versus what philosophically
makes sense they don't often end up in
the same place
of course yeah yeah yeah my main concern
there is just that as a society we've
made these rules that don't necessarily
fit the people and they really are based
on something arbitrary that doesn't
reflect reality in every circumstance
you mentioned development if you worked
at the science there were people in
their 20s they also have reached kid
when I was young was 12 I a mcdowell but
a lot of people in the city don't
believe the twelve-year-old strive out
in the country on farms and around the
countryside there's lots of people that
are very young that people from the city
would never imagined could drive that do
and so these rights are being denied to
people but
they're doing the thing anyway it just
makes it illegal and that kind of
bothers me when there's no rule there's
no rational reason for it yeah I don't
know I can't help it I've been a youth
rights activist since I was since I was
a youth which was 30 years ago or so um
so I was just curious about your
position on that because it didn't seem
to fit with the rule utilitarian yeah I
mean it just comes down to what's
reasonable for society like in a perfect
world when we have infinite resources
available it would be nice to be able to
individually test every single child in
the country that's like not realistic
right if you're going to you know go
with the same sort of thing and for
building you would say probably sure you
should test every single adult sure yeah
yeah and so I much prefer a system like
that that's at least fair to every human
we have but again sure but again it I
don't I just don't think it's reasonable
right like I don't think we've got the
resources to do every single digital
systems I mean I took my driver's test
down in the country I'm living in and it
was all digital I had a driver's license
before obviously from another country
but um but as far as the test and
everything no resources involved other
than you know whatever 20 minutes on a
computer so a lot of things wouldn't
require that much for resources - uh
okay I mean if anybody's better outcomes
for society than yeah I'd probably be in
favor of it sure okay yeah that's cool
um let's see one thing I wanted to ask
you about which now are you a higher
determinist meaning that you believe
that everything was the term is
determined let me be very very very
clear this okay so so I'm probably a
hard determinist unless unless you're
going to do weird random
relevant quantum [ __ ] in which case and
physicist but that aside II I'm a hard
determinist but I guess in terms of like
philosophical or ethical systems I would
probably be considered compatible list
like I mean you can probably hold people
responsible for the things that they do
even if we assume from a factual basis
that everything is predetermined
so yeah you use determinism to promote
like social policies and things yeah I
think that you understand like factual
basis of the world or how people act or
function that I think you can design
better social policy around it correct
in a deterministic universe sure well
it's just it's not actually a matter so
much of the philosophy that's more of a
psychological thing is that I've heard
you get angry at people who have no
choice about the way that you know Trump
supporters or whoever have literally no
choice and how they act what they say to
you and it just makes sense to me from a
deterministic perspective to be angry
right because well yeah but just because
we live in a predetermined system
doesn't mean we don't function as though
we live in a predetermined system right
like our bodies our consciousness our
psychological aspects don't really allow
us to function that way right like I say
they do I always thought it was
relatively common sense that everything
was predetermined okay I mean I that was
that's a very very very small minority
of people I'd say less than 1% of people
probably actually believe that right if
you say so I I don't know I haven't I
supposedly could do a study or something
I always assumed it was common sense I
mean unless you were religious and you
believe God intervened or whatever but I
I assume most people believed in cause
and effect I don't think so no when it
comes to people definitely not
conservatives at least
[Music]
that strikes me as so bizarre I can be I
would love somebody who actually to
actually explain what they mean by free
will
well people want to feel like we're it
capable of making decisions independent
of and assume causes right like that's
but I mean like that's a fairly natural
thing to understand you don't want to
feel like every single thing you do is
predetermined right well no I would I
would think it would be much better to
believe that everything is predetermined
do you think most people feel that way
though I don't know I know that people I
like I had a discussion with my daughter
where she didn't realize that and she
was having a depressive crisis where I
hoped her to realize that what your life
is exactly as it had to be you it
couldn't be anything else
so if you're unhappy don't be unhappy
with your life it it had to be exactly
as it is I don't know I I just thought
that was common sense for most people
that were sure I would say that most
people rational I would say that this is
a wholly unsatisfying answer to life
that it takes a great deal of like
personal or mental development in order
to accept an answer like that that
answer is wholly unsatisfying and quite
dark the idea that your life is
predetermined the idea that there's no
greater purpose or meaning in life like
I would say that these are generally
like pretty negative things that people
have as white people spend so much time
in alive searching for religion or other
types of systems to give meaning or
whatever their lives now people didn't
realize that everything was
predetermined alright that was where the
psychological problem came in I guess
okay yeah I mean I think that most
people definitely don't like that idea
well why would you want to feel like
your whole life is predetermined that
you can't take it that you get no credit
for any of your accomplishments or
achievements and that everything bad
that happens doesn't have a reason or a
purpose I think it's totally natural to
want to feel like I don't know I mean in
the world yeah but people want to feel
like Nader does he won't have a choice
in the matter to be the best
oh yeah I can't imagine okay I mean I
just I can't put myself in that mindset
I don't know how that works yeah I think
most people are probably pretty
unsatisfied with that I would say Wow
okay well I will I'll take your word on
that one because I yeah that strikes me
as really weird
um well let's see oh you were having a
discussion the other day or I don't know
if it was the other day because I
watched it on YouTube so god knows how
how how long in between when you
streamed it actually I thought it was
common sense being born believing if you
want to achieve this result and you
didn't think that really counted as a
morality that what didn't count as a
morality the you must do so many
repetitions you know oh yeah those
aren't really moral questions yet
correct yeah can you explain why you
don't think that's immoral because the
moral question is why all you do
something in the first place so for
instance if I need to do say let's say I
need to do 15 reps in order to get
stronger the moral question isn't well
how many reps ought you to do in order
to gain strength it's why should you do
something to gain strength right the
moral question presupposes the cause and
effect of that thing that's not really
the moral question the real question the
real question isn't how to get to heaven
the real question is should we value
getting to heaven okay I would posit
something at least as a starting point
for because I knew here you have been
labeled let's put it that way as an
ethical egoist whether you accept that
or whatever
and I would I would promote or not an
ethical a rational egoist
I would promote an ethical egoistic
triplet approach that if you start with
the proposition that you want to be
alive as a human then you end up you can
get to those shoulds
now obviously you start with something
that you value you have to take that a
priori assumption but I can't think of
anything better than that
okay yeah I mean I'm that's probably
where I'm at yeah okay well so if you if
you take that a priori assumption that
you should live as you wish to live as
the as the initial value I guess or the
initial ah then you can get to anything
else from there as a moral system it's
possible sure yeah I I don't know I I
can't I can't see anything wrong with
that as far as I can't think of anyone
who's alive that doesn't wish to live as
they wish to live that seems like a
universal a universal morality well that
I don't know if that in and of itself is
enough to constitute morality like well
it gives you a it is an a priori
assumption it's something that you have
to believe to start with correct yeah
sort of like you have to believe that
heaven is that some place you want to go
before you can figure out how to get
there right yeah okay so what
differentiates it as far as moral
systems go well I mean typically I mean
just having your own preferences for a
lot of people doesn't necessarily get
you to moral lot dues like or more lots
I guess like just because somebody has a
preference doesn't mean that they should
necessarily fulfill every satisfy it
that's where the morality question comes
in everybody has the exact same
desire how can you have it I I don't
know how you could ever have a good
whose value what you choose instead I
mean I don't necessarily I can't devil's
advocate this I mean I agree with you
this is why I'm and I think most people
function as it but I mean people would
give other arguments that some people
would argue that the claim that an
egoist claim is vacuous for instance
you're trying to fulfill your desire as
well of course that's that's total
logical I mean by definition whatever
you're doing yeah but people would say
that well people would say that
everybody should fulfill their desires
cuz your desire is all the only thing
you ever can do is fulfill your desires
so some people would say that claim is
vacuous it's pointless to even say that
because it's circular I guess you could
say it's circular but in the society you
you have to fit I don't know you have to
figure out how to live together and in
that sense it's not vacuous in that you
have to figure out how best if so
everyone's desire well yeah but if some
people to say things like religion or a
traditional conservative values or LGBT
rights or pro or anti immigration right
well you need to start making other
value statements besides I prefer my I
prefer to fulfill my desires or whatever
right can each person sure but now you
already you already snuck in a moral
statement no now you're saying we should
do something that best fulfills
everybody's desires well why what if
there's a person whose only desires to
run around murdering as many people as
possible why should that person care
about any other person's desires between
the practical because I think that
everybody should theoretically be able
to fulfill their desires and I recognize
that practically speaking that doesn't
work or I can't picture it working so
