okay introduce yourself what are we
doing today all right my name is Paul
I'm a graduate student getting work out
my masters for professional writing
rhetoric and basically I'm doing a study
on parasocial relationships in new media
cuz it's not really a study very well in
traditional media or it's only study in
traditional media pretty much so just
doing interviews with large youtubers
and streamers and destiny was nice
enough to you know Jenna donate his time
to me basically all right cool do you
wait do you know how long it'll take
just curious
I've got like I'll listen to any
questions it's like I put on the IRB
they'll take like up to an hour but they
probably won't take too long
I gotcha cuz if if the Attorney General
is starting to talk about the Trump
stuff I have to watch that so but that's
supposing like 30 to 40 minutes so oh
yeah no worries okay Garth
what are time you have for me I
appreciate it alright so sorry didn't
ships and like what they are um I'm
sorry somebody just tried to dun
ennemi literal novel okay you said um
are you gonna explain parasocial
relationships and what they are I mean I
can't after the question it's just I'm
wondering if you know what they are oh
yeah so my understanding is that a
parasocial relationship is when somebody
is like watching somebody that they
don't have direct contact with so like
an online content creator and they get
the feeling that they're developing a
personal relationship for that person
even though they're not really yeah
that's pretty much it's just the one
side relationship that kind develops
with interacting with media persona
that's cool because a lot of people
don't necessarily know sure so in what
ways have you kind of like promoted your
content to make it more appealing to
people I mean the I mean well I
mean in a lot of ways I guess you want
stuff related to the parasocial
relationship Stafford is everything I
guess you can tend it towards whatever
you feels more appropriate like I just
made what makes your content more
appealing to people like specifically
that they might engage with you in like
this personal way yeah so I guess um
okay I'm sorry okay
Leigh said I try to make my stream more
approachable so I mean I we could play
certain video game
that people odd that other people play
so that I you know they've some relevant
interest in terms of what I'm doing I
incorporate a lot of humor into my
stream I guess so I mean like being
funny is kind of a good reporter part I
reveal a lot of personal information to
kind of like build a stronger connection
to people I guess when people feel like
they know more about you personally it
gives them more things to relate to and
it makes you feel like they have a
closer relationship with you and then I
try to interact heavily with my
community so that it feels like they
have a more personal relationship with
me yeah yeah cool I actually kind of
plays into some of the theories around
it because there's uncertainty reduction
theory where basically people the more
they know about you the less or the
lesson certainty they have about you
luxury like usually like you more okay
so what's one of the biggest changes
that you had from being like a small
streamer to a larger one what are one of
the I'm sorry can you say that again uh
was one like the biggest changes you had
from being a small content creators
streamer to being like a larger one um
if there was a change that is it's hard
to say if there was a change cuz like
when I was a small content creator I was
like um I was still like one of the
largest cuz like I kind of like
streaming kind of grew with me right and
like it's not like I started the rather
big content creators I just like yeah I
mean I started and then streaming
growing and I grew so I'll kind of
happen alongside each other it's like I
mean like public like attention like
hate threads like fans and anti-fans
people try to harass me online I got
that stuff I'm kind of like that with
from the very beginning mmm okay because
you started from like what stream was
really early on right well yeah when it
was pretty much non-existent yeah nice
so if you noticed that um the
interactions to your fans kind of like
changes and develops as your popularity
grew no actually I try to keep pretty
much the same interactions that I've had
all the time I don't know how it's still
work but yeah like I felt like up until
like a couple months ago I still
responded to like every single email I
got and then
like I still like pay attention to chat
I talk people chatting no a lot of
people from chat everything and yeah
nice so um what do you think is most
appealing quality for your fans then
that you have for me uh I mean I think
that the political stuff plays into a
pretty relevantly like obviously a lot
of people agree with me and politically
I think my thought process is really
important to a lot of people so the fact
that I'm able to tackle um certain
political things in a relatively cold
way I think is appealing to a lot of
people because left-leaning people who
typically don't do that
I think obviously my having like an edgy
past or like being more willing to
incorporate kind of like edgy humor and
stuff has definitely helped me
politically as well I think the fact
that I'm like decently good at games
that I play is probably important as
well like if I was absolutely dog she
did everything I played people would
probably be less willing to watch so mmm
so you say you're kinda like a bit more
authentic a bit more personal with your
fans yeah I don't necessarily think that
that's like required to be a good
streamer but like authenticity and
genuinity genuine it I don't know what
sort being genuine is like it has been a
really important part of my I guess like
brand for a long time yeah so nice yeah
again well as a fan myself I can
definitely say that it's refreshing and
all that mm-hmm so how do you think the
platform is like twitch and YouTube kind
of helps you grow this fan base and be
popular as opposed to like traditional
media and TV and radio um well I mean
interaction is the number one is the
hallmark of like new media today that
doesn't really exist on TV like if
there's a game of Thrones actor you like
I mean you can't really do anything on
HBO with them right but if you get on
social media or especially things like
twitch you can like very heavily
interact with people yeah definitely
definitely especially with like the
donations everything so you kind of
answered this earlier but do you
consider like yourself a friend to your
fans oh not really no I mean like I
talked to people who know them but like
I try to have some kind of a line drawn
link yeah then do you think like a lot
of your fans can consider you a friend
um I mean I would hope not necessarily I
mean like it is a really depends what I
mean by the word friend like if people
email me for like really really personal
stuff like somebody
you know ultimately like hey like I'm
trying to forget like where I should go
to college or whatever like I usually
tell you like hey like I can't really
make this decision for you like you need
to talk to the appropriate like some
kind of counselor or something or you
know like talk to a therapist or
something I usually try to like draw
pretty clear lines there because I I
can't give that advice without like
really knowing some of them
oh yeah there's like the ethical
question in there too of like how much
but so always eating like YouTube and
twitch actually specifically help you
connect better with the audience well
for twitch it's the fact that it's live
and I have a chatroom that specific
thing helps me for you to buy arguably
you could say like the comments section
but it's not really a good the
connections on YouTube are much less
personal than the connections on on a
live streaming platform I would say
mmm-hmm would you say the comments
section like chat guy gives you more
direct feedback as opposed to something
like TV the media uses like focus groups
and stuff um necessarily I mean you get
more direct feedback but a focus group
feedback might be more accurate because
you're collecting data and you're
hopefully parsing in a responsible
manner whereas online you're just one
human reading stuff so you're gonna have
a whole bunch of internal biases in
terms of like how you interpret the
feedback yeah so have you ever
interacted with hands in person yeah of
course you do you do it often or is it
just like well people walk up to you on
the street like hey I'm a big fan and
all that um I mean it really depends on
the types of interaction you talking
about but I mean sometimes I like me
people when I go to like events like I
over like friends or fans and I'll like
schedule like hang out with or whatever
and then sometimes if I'm at like a city
if I'm streaming like if I'm just
dreaming people will come up and find me
or sometimes that like large events I
can share rooms like people find me or
like shake my hand and stuff do you find
that to be a problem when they approach
you know I love it actually
I'm super humble it's like it makes me
feel like a movie star whatever so I
store with it like that mhm do you still
feel like an average person kind of or
do you feel like you're actually popular
and kind of famous
um I mean it really depends on where
we're talking about like if I'm walking
around in LA I don't feel like a like a
famous person or anything but if um but
I mean if I'm like at a certain event or
if I'm at like if I'm gonna sit in a
bunch of fenders I'm gonna find me yeah
it feels a little I guess you feel a
little famous after a while yeah
did you like when you're streaming do
you feel like just an average guy
streaming or what um I mean like I've
always had like a pretty high opinion
myself so I never really feel like a
totally average guy that's probably just
my own ego I was I decide to pull your
pretty big streamer so like I feel like
more or less the same that I've always
felt like I don't feel like um like I
like introspection is like very
important to me I think I had think I
had like a very accurate like assessment
of myself like I don't like God complex
or anything I think I understand like my
weaknesses and my strengths pretty well
those recipie kind continuous how you
feel about yourself do it weights head
again what do you say it's just been
kind of continuous how you feel about
yourself yeah like it yeah I don't think
I don't think screaming has changed that
too much now so uh what what do you
think is your most popular type of
content that you make on political
content for sure and how many um you
don't mind me asking how many time how
much time a week do you generally spend
like streaming and creating your content
uh how much time like do I spend
streaming and creating content
that's a hard one to answer probably
maybe 50 or 60 hours and it they say if
this is if I'm including like offline
work so like yeah so like communicate a
business context doing email setting
stuff up podcasts on other streams and
whatnot I'd say like the 260 are insane
hello slaughtering content stuff do you
think your content could be used as like
I have an alternative to the
interpersonal socialization and
relationships people form um kind of yes
kind of no I mean yeah definitely could
be I I wonder do you count like I wanted
for relationships that are formed in my
community count do you know many when I
say that yeah I know what you mean um
but that's part of like uh was it I
forget the word but it's like the whole
thing is built around your street mean
this is kind of more focused on like
yeah and like doing yeah I mean I'm sure
by by by opportunity cost
I'm sure it must right like if you spend
so for instance there are people that
spend like 50 hours watching me a week
or something
or I don't know if I came that much
anyway but if they spent like 30 hours a
week like watching their something I
mean they by virtue of having a limited
time probably aren't we're doing as much
in real life I would imagine mankind
using you as their means of
socialization are getting that stuff
yeah so just kind of like lastly to
close up do you have anything that you
want to expand on or any questions for
me or anything you want kind of like
talk to talk about for the subject a
pair of social relationships um not
necessarily I don't think that
parasocial relationships are
intrinsically bad as long as they're not
stifling like as long as they're not
stifling your um I guess any real life
interactions you've had so like if you
started to forgo like real relationships
in favor of parasocial relationships
it's probably not a good thing oh yeah
for the most part perilous relationships
are kind of like pretty common and
they're kind of like good in a way that
you're able to experience different type
of socialization and kind of experiment
but the problem does come when it's
extreme para sociability where it does
become that substitute for actually
going out and having relationships yeah
that would probably not me again yeah
but um that's all the questions I have
and just one thank you again for your
time and if there's anything else that
you can think of feel free to message me
or email me what exactly is your paper
on so my paper is specifically on
parasocial relationships in new media
and kind of try to like but you're not
making like any claims or any assertions
it's literally just like this is a thing
that exists so I'm gonna talk about it
or well it's a thing that exists that
hasn't been really looked into I'm just
trying to analyze it through kind of
like the rhetorical viewpoint of like
what goes into creating these
relationships and like what kind us out
about how new media and the new
technology platforms affect these as
opposed to traditional media okay so
you're not really making any claims yet
and so far as the positivity or
negativity of these relationships err
well I'm not trying to say whether it's
negative or positive I'm just trying to
say because I'd be like a bit more
sociology or whatever and my like
specific majors and like kind of like
technical and professional writing and
rhetoric so
I thought you were like a different lens
yeah I understand okay I'm sorry I
thought you were like a humanity student
I thought that's what you're like it's
like so something like that I mean it's
the II vanities still but it's
definitely more like on the professional
writing and like rhetoric stuff so I
can't get rid of a weird major okay wait
why did you wait say it one more time so
what is your major again it's
professional writing and rhetoric it's
an English major but it's specifically
most of the classes center around like
proposal writing technical writing and
dealing with that type of stuff oh
there's a small center section that's
like on video game rhetoric rhetorics of
like pretty much anything to do with
technology gotcha
okay cool that's like where I'm going at
it from all right sounds good
yeah well thank you again and thank you
for taking this time alright call well
thanks for everybody be careful yeah
thanks YouTube take it easy
[Music]
