so what's up nothing much what you want
to talk about buddy I've been watching
your videos right and I've been uh I
mostly agree with you on a lot of things
right yeah but I really agree with you
on specifically is a correctness or I
know that's kind of a broad definition
but uh like just overall like your
thoughts on that
for instance good I don't know like
though saying the N word okay
what about it just to clarify like your
position on it um would be like you
don't think it's okay for white people
say the n-word or something along those
lines I mean I don't think I would say
that as strongly I just think you
probably shouldn't because you're
probably only going to upset people by
doing it I guess it would really depend
the context I guess what were you saying
it okay so you think it's kind of a
relative thing yeah I mean it would
depend on yeah I don't know I think
honestly that topic and of itself has
been too broad but push it up on you for
a second because I actually had two
topics like if one didn't work
none I mean sure well I mean we didn't
even really talk about that one but okay
sure
oh really go as planned I thought it was
like something else entirely
so sorry about that oh yeah no problem
buddy alright so veganism am I actually
a vegan okay so I'm just wondering of
your debate with vegan games
yeah and so I was just wondering about
you're not vegan and like why just
clarify and again I haven't seen the
whole debate between you and Gaines
so I I feel like clarification is needed
all I know is that uh you're not a
meeting so I feel like that just being
beneficial went up itself no I mean yeah
I mean I guess I'm not because it's not
my my moral position but I mean it yeah
I mean I guess I mean we could hammer
out like a whole like vegan argument
that's gonna take some time
is there like a more specific question
or did you just want like - for me it's
just um I think it is strictly immoral
to not be vegan yeah I mean that would
be the most reasonable position for
somebody that's begin to take I would
imagine right oh I think that pretty
much everybody should be vegan so I
think are you not being vegan is in of
itself immoral yeah I mean if you're
vegan yeah I would expect you to take
that position yeah so I mean yeah I mean
you just not have any like well I guess
my argument would be I don't consider I
don't consider animals worthy of moral
consideration right and then we yeah all
right so I would then say like why do
you think that way well I mean I would
argue that the default stances to not
yield or not um grant moral
consideration to something and you have
to give an argument to grant moral
consideration to something so then I
would ask you why grant moral
consideration to animals the reason I
would grant moral consideration to
animals and mostly just because I feel
like there is no inseparable difference
between humans and I mean human second
Oreos but between humans and animals to
specifically say that we can't apply
morals to the new
okay oh do you have any contradiction
with that or I mean I don't necessarily
think there's a contradiction there um
if that's how you choose to do it but
strictly I I'm just well I guess I
should say this like go this route do
you think that yourself not being vegan
is immoral for yourself well no I mean
if I thought that the action was immoral
I would probably be vegan right or
acknowledge a hypocritical moral stance
but I guess I'll just say then why do
you not see like what I just said is
necessarily true
whoa we're talking about like how we
build our moral system and I guess
you're saying that you don't see a key
difference between animals and people
and I mean I guess if you don't then I
can't really argue with you there I mean
like if that's your position I mean you
can consistently build a moral system
around that position I don't necessarily
view it the same way I think that you
have to be able to engage in some form
of like moral reciprocity for for me to
grant you moral consideration so you
have to be able to respect certain
rights or be able to grow to respect
certain rights of minor whatever and
that's where I grab my kind of moral
consideration from and since most
animals are capable of doing that so
just just real quick what is in
arguments
Richard reciprocity like the ability to
reciprocate something or like if I give
you a high-five you give me a high-five
like giving something back yeah okay
sorry that was done with my part but um
yeah so basically I just feel like I'm
not gonna go with the whole objective
morality thing here right but I just
feel like um where was I going with this
um so basically I feel like Lee call you
like immoral you only mean like if you
don't abide by my moral viewpoint I mean
anyone can call anyone anymore
in that sense right so
I'm I don't know I just feel like lost
my words you know yeah well I mean like
I know in a relativistic sense I mean
you can still consider me immoral by so
let me give an example right I would
consider a somebody that doesn't employ
a black person right because they're
black I would consider that person to be
immoral judged by my current
contemporary moral standards but there
might have been a point in history where
maybe by their moral standards that
wouldn't necessarily be considered
immoral I guess it just depends upon
which instead of ethics you judge
somebody so I mean like in your moral
system if you are vegan I would expect
any vegan to judge any non vegan as
being as taking part in immoral activity
I think that would be an expected
statement right um but I guess where I
want this debate to kind of like slither
into like the debating convince you that
it is immoral you only mean like not
really the like subjective morality
within itself well yeah so what you
basically have to do is you have to
convince me that animals are worthy of
moral consideration right because if
something becomes whether you more
consideration than you have to consider
it morally right make our actions
against it moral or immoral
so again bones do you have with my
statement on a mindful leaf that the
correlation between human and animal is
indifferent enough to let go I guess so
well like what would something have to
do - I don't know I have a visit of
these arguments in a long time I guess
like my problem is that an animal
couldn't generally not really engage
with with any with like the same type of
social behavior that humans - so like
animals won't really respect like your
property rights right like an animal
wander around your yardage
we'll [ __ ] up your [ __ ] like kick it or
[ __ ] on it or eat it
I guess if they're walking around
certain animals will kill you or kill
your children given the opportunity to
that these types of behaviors are
sometimes intrinsic to a lot of these
animals so it's hard to grant them moral
consideration when they're not even
capable of engaging and the cognitive
process is needed for them to grant
moral consideration to us um with your
analogy to like then going around the
yard you know going around the property
you know [ __ ] everywhere that's
basically due to their you know
intelligence right I mean if they have
the intelligence of a human they would
be able to know about the respect for
one's property yeah it's probably like a
car yeah probably like a cognitive
process yeah again I could apply the
same thing here I mean there's studies
show that uh as intelligent as toddlers
right but they would still do these you
know these things yes the difference the
difference is that like oh that I would
argue and I think I said this earlier
but maybe if I do know that toddlers or
younger people have the ability to grow
into something that develops this where
I was like a sheep or whatever never
will but then I would say even let's say
hypothetically uh-huh this ability that
this toddler has then makes their
cognitive ability not grow at all so do
you think would be immoral to slaughter
in each that toddler I'm not sure I
would have to think about it but maybe
probably not I'm not sure we already I
guess like I point to the fact that like
we don't really treat people that have
like severely stunted learning abilities
like we don't already treat these as
people in a number of different ways for
instance oftentimes we revoke their
they're like autonomy right we'll assign
them Guardians and whatnot you have
parents that are pro-life that won't
abort children but if they've got a
child in the womb that is diabetes Down
syndrome they'll abort the child because
they don't want to deal with it so I
don't know I guess maybe
so again so when it comes to stuff like
that um the difference between an animal
and a mentally disabled person that
sound [ __ ] but scope ourian's I mean
when it comes to things like pets I mean
they obviously have guardians in a
similar way to mentally disabled people
not in the exact same way but uh so
basically the correlation I'm making
here sorry my thoughts [ __ ] up but
basically the correlation I'm making
here uh-huh
is there and I'm making here is that I
solved three times so now I'm getting
like parts up but it's okay I think I
kind of lost myself like wallows I think
you're comparing a mentally disabled
people pets being owned by people
something something about the UM the
probably is better if I was running down
which you were saying because I'm comes
out I kind of like [ __ ] lost weight
thought I'm like what I was going to say
but um anyway uh I'll slither into it
eventually Olli you know well you not me
but uh so basically the correlation are
making is that you're saying that these
you know immensely disabled people as
you know not really people but with the
whole animal thing yeah that that was
the point I was gonna make sorry don't
with the whole animal thing it's on a
completely different level you know
they're in when it comes to the abuse
the slaughter the manipulation the rape
the you know of them so when it comes to
a mentally disabled person I mean I
don't think anyone's disagreeing besides
maybe some extremist vegans that pet
ownership isn't necessarily a bad idea
and when it comes to you know immensely
disabled people having Guardian and
stuff like that um and pets
then there's somewhat similar in that
regard it correlates to
viens and enough themself or animals
with you know within them so wait so can
you summarize that statement again sorry
basically basically sync the correlation
between the mentally disabled analogy
you made well we don't consider them as
people
right um would still be the same way if
we just stopped eating me or if you went
vegan in the sense that you would still
have ownership over them and you would
still same sense of like a mentally
disabled person so basically I'm saying
that the animal abuse is on pretty much
a whole a whole nother level you know
yeah I mean we have like massive
organizational destruction of animal
life and whatnot if that's what you're
talking about we don't do that with
[ __ ] people and live life with
[ __ ] people way what you're saying
just a massive destruction of life with
[ __ ] yeah I'm saying that we do this
with animals but we don't do this with
people that have developmental delays or
whatever right or that are
developmentally delayed yeah yeah I mean
I don't disappear that way what is that
what does that's what is that supposed
to argue towards as you made the the the
analogy
see immensely disabled people as people
in the sense that they still have
ownership and guardianship over them and
stuff like that but even if you went
vegan and stopped the eating and the
slaughter in the rape etc of animals
then it would um that's in the same way
that does to mentally disabled people in
the sense that they still have the
guardians and they still well sure I
guess the difference is we don't know
but there's techni Milles are made all
in their own right nobody has to create
an animal for it to be made they make
themselves so technically they're the
ones that own themselves but um it's
this
with a mentally disabled person
especially when they're I mean at least
when they're an adult right yeah
what about it then I just don't see what
the point of you bringing that up was I
don't remember waiter can you wait so
you don't see what the point of me
bringing up then just said I'm I don't
even remember what the point I brought
up was we were talking about political
crap as vegan arguments are very
difficult because all of these like will
loop back to this like very weird
nihilistic property that I don't I don't
know if I can like argue my way out of
it or hear any arguments for or against
it it's like really [ __ ] weird
because you get into these weird things
of defining like what needs like rights
to live and what shouldn't have rights
to live and ultimately I don't believe
that there is any objective place that
any of these rights can come from so I
could all just like very weird and kind
of esoteric and so yeah I'm not sure
that the vegan arguments are like really
difficult for me yeah um when it comes
to the political correctness thing I
started that out in the beginning and it
kind of went in a direction that I
wasn't expecting and uh like I guess I
was just expecting you to take another
stance on it for some reason that I hate
it so I guess like certain words or
whatever are they more uptight social
justice warrior kind of oh yeah I'm
definitely not an sjw depending on which
content you've seen if you're a very
less leaning you really don't like me so
probably not yeah yeah yeah um yeah and
when it comes to the veganism thing I
just want to bring up uh I've never
actually heard you talk about this let's
so like what are your thoughts on like
if let's say like we stopped eating meat
and the agriculture like you know if
it's self and we just like let them all
go like do you think that'd be like a
good idea or no well I'm sorry I'm gonna
be taking here when you say good idea
what does what do you mean by good like
morally righteous or good for some other
cause
when it comes away from the moral thing
because there again kind of throw and
said but um more like scientifically and
agriculturally well I mean like these
are kind of scientific I don't know if
science can make a judgment on whether
or not it's good or bad to do a
particular thing I mean I'll try to
tease out I guess what you're asking if
you're talking about like in terms of
environmental impact agriculture animal
agriculture is incredibly destructive I
mean we it's I mean that's that's it I
mean animal agriculture is incredibly
destructive on the environment if you're
talking agriculturally we waste a [ __ ]
ton of food feeding animals I mean I
don't know what the actual math is but
I'm guessing it's probably like we have
to put in a hundred calories or some
crazy amount of calories just to get one
out of like a cow or something that we
slaughter it's probably more than that I
don't know what it is so I mean like in
terms of like land space use and total
amount of food produce like that's
really [ __ ] as well you saw I mean in
those ways it would be good as well
health-wise it would probably be better
to Everett for everybody to just consume
plant-based food over at least specially
like red meats and stuff so from a
health point of view it would probably
be superior as well so yeah guys sorry
Ron yeah nicely as you mentioned this
become a bit more like you fuse on why
you're not vegan because you've seen and
let me just clarify you seemed to like
agree with a lot of its principles it's
like some moral contingency with it
contingency consent you know that word
huge immunity you know whatever it is
you have some you don't necessarily
agree with some moral aspects of it but
you seem to agree with a lot of the
other aspects well yeah sure I mean
those are those aren't even are aspects
to debate the most of those what I just
said are pretty an arguable anything
like environmental impact and whatnot
yeah so when it comes to being able to
receive all of those benefits a
affordable diet price with plenty of
substitutes and and overall just a
healthier choice because I'll be honest
I was a very picky eater before I went
vegan and I I didn't even really see I'm
not the strongest you know what I mean
so necessarily difficult for me to go
vegan and I didn't see any necessary
necessarily struggle in going vegan and
I know I'm appealing to my own like
personal experience here Dee any problem
with you personally going vegan just for
your own satisfaction I feel like the
especially when the positives outweigh
the negatives well I mean I guess I just
enjoy eating meat is like and I don't
find a moral problem with it so that's
why I ate me yeah um but then again I
have to bring up the substitutions
aspect of it what do you mean like
substitution aspects like meat
substitutes they don't taste as good as
meat generally I mean I'm why I don't I
don't I don't really see it at least in
some aspects with some food my name's
Jimmy to me it tastes better in my
opinion than meat substitutes I mean I
don't know I've eaten veggie burgers
before and I just think of normal
burgers just taste better I guess um on
but I feel like you should be able to
like at least try to experiment a bit
more when it could with massive benefits
I mean sure I mean I mean I don't like I
mean I have experimented I try like
other foods I don't know what I mean
it's not like I exclusively eat like
steaks every single day yeah I know I'm
by experiment I mean strictly like
experiment more with a vegan diet within
itself unless you act like
whatever um I mean I guess I could
someday yeah it's just it's a lot of
work that I don't feel like putting in
right now and I don't see the need to do
it so I don't even disregarding the
whole moral statement on it well
disregarding the moral statement there's
not much else of a reason for me to care
like it's like just me I'm not consuming
me it isn't gonna make a dramatic
difference like an agriculture or meat
related stuff or anything so well I mean
you're in consequentially shortening
your lifespan by not going vegan and I'm
just saying there are plenty of benefits
besides the moral yeah but I'm probably
in consequentially shorting my lifespan
doing a lot of things I should probably
l sure I mean of course just advice I
guess I'm just kind of lazy or you I'd
say don't over the time but probably
more dishonesty honestly I would
consider myself a procrastinator and
very lazy within myself but I found it
very easy because even like it's not
it's not I think people make it a lot
harder than it needs to be no I think I
would have a pretty difficult time going
vegan and I would have to start like
