streaming is really hard to get into
streaming will take a big toll on if you
don't make it because when you stream I
don't know if a lot of people realize
it's a number when you stream you're
literally like putting your personality
like you on on showcase right and so if
you don't make it if you're not prepared
to deal with that like what is your
thought process like wow I guess I'm
just not a good enough person I guess
I'm just [ __ ]
I guess wow I guess I'm just not the
type of person that people like you know
like yeah people it's I think it's
really hard to not be it's if you don't
make it as a streamer it's really hard
to not take that super personally you
know
no one really thinks that I think they
will always make other excuses for why
they didn't make it
well yeah but you make excuses because
of that reason you can't accept the fact
that you're not special enough to be
like a big movie star or something you
know we ever visit the UK
I can't wanted to do I was close to it
oh actually I guess I almost hit four
Dreamhack and then ice [ __ ] I just said
no because I got banned
but yeah I guess basically the question
is like you have to ask that like do I
do something that like other people want
to see like why would somebody watch me
over anybody else and if you're not able
to come up with an honest answer that
you have to be really honest when you
look at yourself you have to be really
honest and I don't think most people are
honest when they look at themselves it's
really hard to be it's a really scary
thing to like actually thing like are
there some qualities about my
personality that are actually negative
most people are not capable of doing
that this is why people get aggressive
in ways that are very confusing it's
because they're avoiding that for
instance how many times you see like a
fat person who says like instead of like
you know like oh I'm fat and kind of sex
[ __ ] they'll say like oh skinny [ __ ]
I should you know [ __ ] those little
[ __ ] you know you always turn it you
always flip it and like try to make
somebody else tear somebody else down in
order to make yourself feel better you
know I think people are really
uncomfortable accepting a negative about
themselves
you think a lot of people just expect to
make a career as Jimmy by just putting
enough time without considering others
terms actually like yeah probably to
some extent sure I know that guy he's
currently in a downward spiral I
appreciate if you could shoot him a
message
I can't I'm here to fix other people do
I don't even know if you'd listen doing
I kind of behavior helps to keep you
from depression you have it at least you
don't cancerous mindsets and it's not
the healthiest best way for you to live
your life you should be able to look at
yourself acknowledge a negative about
yourself acknowledge that it's real
either work to change it or just accept
it as a trade-off of something else and
then you move on with your life like
this is one thing that I think I do
exceedingly well I guess it goes in to
what I said earlier is that like I can I
can like process something pretty
honestly and then move on with it and I
don't I don't really engage in any type
of self delusion I think a lot of people
are deluded quite a bit when it comes to
evaluating their selves you know I think
right now if you're not hyperactive
you're not making it to the top streams
and my opinion destiny wouldn't have
made it to past 200 viewers if you
started screaming one year ago yeah it's
possible
I think that well no actually it's
highly probable because the type of cut
so the two things that I do exceedingly
well or three things that I did
exceedingly well where I could play
games at a decent level I could interact
with my community I was really good at
reading chat and playing at the same
time and my insults were usually really
clever and really funny those were like
so like if you're watching the the pros
is that you're watching me play a game
like Starcraft that I'm genuinely very
good at and even if I lose games it's
funny because I can like talk shut the
entire time but I can't do that as much
anymore it's really [ __ ] hard
I've lost a huge part of my content
because I absolutely [ __ ] cut
twitches in terms of how they regulate
using their terms of service
it's actually like a really big part
like the first like eighteen years of my
life more than that went into developing
kind of kind of like my repertoire of
like in salt-based humour and twitch
totally [ __ ] new to that insanely new
fad
however Lake and I don't like to talk
[ __ ] to new streamers because these
chambers are as a Spain is [ __ ] like to
any new streamer that would because I
know they get like really cry like oh
well you only made it because you
started streaming away back then you
know like like I'm sorry dude but you
have trouble setting up OBS to work with
your streams you would have never made
it in my era there were no forums for
help there were no sub reddits to get
feedback from like you would have died
okay if you tried to stream in the air
that I did you would have you would have
quit immediately as soon as I showed you
the program as soon as I open up the
flash media live encoder interface you
would say oh [ __ ] this I'm done back to
college so I mean like yeah I don't know
[Music]
so yeah I mean there are trade-offs to
everything it's probably a lot harder
now because it's more saturated but the
amount of work you have to do to get
your foot in the door is a lot less -
but yeah they're always trade-offs
yeah you can just stream right from your
[ __ ] Playstation oh damn
Wow nice jab muna
what's a father you have that you just
accept and move on I mean about what I
think I have a really good image of
myself I mean like I understand I think
I understand most things about myself
and I think I understand generally how
people view me I would like obsessively
read content online about me so I have a
pretty good thought I know the people
that like me I think I know why they
like me and the people that don't like
me I think I know why they don't like me
yeah I think I have a pretty good image
of myself
do you dislike most people like just the
people you meet um dislike is a strange
word I mean I can be friendly with
anybody but I probably wouldn't make
friends I don't make friends with
anybody okay I guess
can you describe in your words what you
imagine the opinions of people who don't
like yo I mean I can just quote them oh
man do I like people in general I don't
like people I think that people are very
flawed in general but I'm obviously
because I have a huge ego it's very hard
for me to pick out because I have a very
strange mix of like on one hand I'm
insanely egotistical and narcissistic
but on another hand I'm like I'm pretty
humble as dumb as that sounds my
personality isn't humble but in terms of
like recognizing how lucky I am to be
where I'm at and then recognizing the
advantages I have growing up I think I'm
pretty humble in those regards but
balancing that out sometimes it's very
difficult
how can people like necessary their
online criticisms and not have the
self-awareness you do when people are
talking with Sperry hard to listen
typically used her she talking somebody
that brain instantly goes into like
defensive mode and you're never going to
get through to them I think I'm just
used to it I think I don't care like the
like the very weird part the very hard
part that I've had to deal with over the
past this is like over like the past two
or three years it's really getting to
the political debate stuff is that I
have a lot of really I have a lot of
qualities that seem really good but
that's only because they stem from very
antisocial positions and I never
explained the antisocial part of them
before but it's something that I have to
I've been trying to keep it in mind more
as I like interact with more people and
see how people who process emotions and
everything I saw like for instance like
I say things like so here's something
that would have said like two or three
years ago like I can read online hate
and it doesn't really bother me you know
I don't really care people are saying
mean things about me that's fine that's
their opinion you know it's whatever
like I say that and that's true but the
reason why it's true is because I don't
respect anybody like I don't have
anybody like when you asked me like who
would I want to meet I don't want to
meet anybody I don't look up to anybody
I don't idolize anybody I don't have
like a hero or people that I look up to
you and I think are super or whatever I
think that doesn't exist for me so when
I see people shit-talking you online all
I see is somebody that's like such a
[ __ ] loser that they have this whole
backstory this fictional war written
about me that they have to rush home
from their shitty like school or
shooting job to like obsess over my life
like why would I ever care was such a
hopeless degenerate would type about me
on the Internet
you know like it's fun to poke and prod
at these people and make them mad but at
times like being genuinely bothered I'm
gonna ever be genuinely bothered by
somebody that's so much worse than me in
so many different ways right that's the
underlying thought process so the
underlying thought process is like
pretty antisocial I think so so yeah
like I have to like I have to be careful
to balance out like I don't know if it's
possible to not care what anybody says
unless you're that unless you have like
a mindset that's like that mean towards
other people so yeah senator I've had to
be like really careful about how I do
people you know you say that as if you
never criticize anyone else does I mean
you read agenda human being only lips we
should have talked people on Twitter
I never so I'm not talking about just
[ __ ] talking people the things that I
generally point out as being really
cancerous or things that I don't take
part in and that is the drama forums and
like the meta subreddits I've always
been consistent on this that these are
cancer things so for instance boards
like Kiwi farms or it's like pretty ugly
little liars these places we like take a
person and you just like you obsess over
them and you find out all the details
about them and you talk about how much
you hate them and all the things they
need to change about those away these
things I would never take part of this
is um this is insane to me like I could
never imagine being so hopeless or so
void of stuff in my own life that I'd
have to take such an interest of
somebody else's life but then again I've
never had like an idol or anybody that I
looked up to before so maybe it would
feel differently if I if I had that
maybe I could draw like more of a
comparable experience the reddit
equivalent to these are places like
subreddit drama [ __ ] reddit says kind of
live stream fails a little bit recent
but like meta subs circlebroke medicines
cancer it's basically any time you have
a sub where people can go and like just
[ __ ] talk other people and then obsess
over that like I don't know what dude
did you ever look up to anyone you're a
child yeah but they were all fake people
like cloud or Hiro Yui and Gundam Wing
or snake and metal gets a little green
the whole world loves to gossip no one
is exempt tonight yeah but there's a
difference between gossiping and what
some people get involved with like I
guess like um yeah people like Paul and
QE farms are filled with horrible people
so here's an example right DSP is like
these peas funds to laugh at because God
dam is he do a lot of [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] so like if I see like a video like
an excerpt of DSP whatever I'll probably
watch it and laugh but if you see like
with like the sons of Koji and what
people do like the forums where people
obsess about every aspect if these B's
really trying to prove he has a good
girlfriend or like getting into like
though this is the picture now it's like
that [ __ ] gets really [ __ ] sad I
don't know it just seems like really
those like and DSP is a really dedicated
hate group of people and yeah I don't
know
wasn't the JAF past court digging a
borderline cross stepping hearing so
I'll say this again I've said this like
a million times
the thing that bothered me about the the
JAF stuff I would have never gone into
the gist of this what he just brought it
up it probably would have been on car I
was already borderline like not wanting
anything to be posted and there are
people that message me voluntary more
information but um I don't know what you
think separate a trauma is but as I see
here so but even more left-wing December
the drama is super elitist those people
get really [ __ ] crazy I don't know I
don't like the meta drama shut is like
really cancerous um the thing that
bothered me about the jam suck was that
he kept bringing it up there like to a
three different occasions right kept
bringing it up and every time so he
brought it up instead of being like yeah
that was kind of [ __ ] up I shouldn't
have done that or yeah you know whatever
I made a mistake I want to talk about it
it was like constant affirmation and
defensively did and then the proving
that he did nothing wrong
and the fact that like he I don't know
that really bothered me also the fact
that um the fact that um wait [ __ ] what
I'm reading so many chance right now def
not economy thanks at your force
everybody al every do you can watch the
bud I keep reading a question went on
them at all the same and I need to stop
doing that oh yeah J yeah the jam show
yeah just the fact they keep spinning
and the fact that it's probably gonna
happen again
like when you're on the internet for
this long and variably you'll find a
girl that likes you and you'll probably
try to like blur someone else in and man
like the thought of a child being born
into that situation is so [ __ ] up and
is so sad for the child like could you
imagine if Jacob like actually managed
to knock up the chick that he raped like
holy [ __ ] how much of a [ __ ] up life
do you have yeah I don't know I did that
[ __ ] is like really [ __ ] it I don't know
oh my god
yikes
I'm sorry what I mean beyond the
internet I mean like be like a
semi-public or whatever what do you
think about the autism on Twitter from
big profile people [ __ ] talking jumping
stuff really I haven't seen that I guess
it's possible but
don't you look forward to improving
yourself and becoming the person you
want to be and I sense isn't that kind
of same as looking after someone except
you're just looking for the person
you're hoping to be yeah but if he's not
egotistical no
a lot of the people should celebrating
his death seem to be salty about the
gamergate stuff wasn't he like hated by
both sides
didn't he say enough things that anti
gamergaters thought that he was a
gamergate ER and they hated him but he
also like disavowed gamergate and was
pretty progressive on a lot of issues a
lot of gamergaters hated him I think
both sides hated him quite a bit no well
I gotta be really careful on misquote
him especially if he's dev it's like
really shitty if somebody if somebody
miss character has an argument I made
off him that I would probably come back
from the [ __ ] grave holy [ __ ]
[Music]
