well what's up my dude hey what's going
on destiny I do it man not too good I
got a lot of people talking a lot of
[ __ ] to me on Twitter today some for
some reason I'm not sure what's going on
okay first of all I'm telling you that
in about what 15 20 minutes
aha and I'll for like five minutes yeah
No right yeah cool cool just you know uh
yeah so basically there's that whole
thing I mean I'm sure you saw my video
already about you telling Bunty you
cutting into some [ __ ] with Bunty and
calling pretty much all of me and my
buddies racist for so for just our
belief system I don't think I ever said
that all the people that went to VidCon
were racist everyone well I don't think
I ever talked about the people at VidCon
I usually say that sargon fans are
really stupid
that's what I think Monty is me and him
we're talking about okay cuz I got the
impression from watching your video you
made it sound like that I said that all
the VidCon people were really the
Bitcoin just generally us people with my
you know more of a conservative
viewpoint and I'm not even really
conservative like fully I have some
liberal views as well but I say mostly
conservative but a lot of us in our
genre that we're like racist that were
and that
Bunty is pretty much just bending over
and taking it in the ass from us just
cuz we're nice to him in person I guess
that you really think that the only type
of racism is literally you like hating
minorities and burning crosses like this
is one of the reasons why this
conversation it's so hard to have with
you guys like you literally say and I'm
willing to have the conversation that's
the thing I'm a hundred percent willing
to have the conversation and what I want
to know from people who claim that were
a racist is we're exactly and what
points exactly that we're talking about
that are racist or make us viewed as
racist and I kept I keep being called a
racist from a lot of people on the left
for and I keep asking them why and I
don't get an answer why I never get an
answer of why and then it just sounds
like an empty you know
assault right oh you're a racist because
blah blah and then there's no actual
reason behind why you're calling me a
racist okay how about a voter ID okay
boater ID yeah key so hot so how exactly
is that racist do you are you supportive
of the attempts to devote her ID so far
in the United States you supporter ID in
general yes okay cool so you might not
be racist right and I don't know if I
would call you racist maybe I would just
call you a racist enabler because you
have opinions on things you haven't
researched at all you feel like you feel
like voter ID is a good thing but when
you look at what happens when
Republicans and I say Republicans
because it's Republicans to do this try
to implement voter ID for instance in
North Carolina well you find out is that
they're just targeting black people
that's literally what they're doing not
trying to make the election process any
safer they're not trying to make the
integrity of the whole cycle better for
anybody it's literally just we want to
keep as many black people from voting as
possible not really then how do we well
we were talking about voter ID yeah what
we're talking about is people who don't
have enough money to get ID therefore
black people would be more racist
because more black people are poor
Carolina what we were talk in North
Carolina what happened was we found out
all the types of ID that black people
used and we made those somewhat expired
some not some some given by the state
and some not we made all of those types
illegal and we kept all the ones that
only white people used we took the
13-day early voting period and we cut
that down to seven days because we found
out that black people were the ones that
tended to voted early over white people
and then we shut down polling stations
that were predominantly black they were
predominantly used by black people if
you do not agree your state no this is
North Carolina that went to the Supreme
Court and it got shut down because it
was horribly [ __ ] racist public
assemblies so what's the IDS that mostly
black people use all right I don't know
you would have to get that data okay so
so but but here is my understanding with
the voter ID law like like in general
what a lot of people on the left now
what whether it be there
them shutting down only black people IDs
now I have to look into that because I
don't know too much about that and
keeping white people IDs which I guess
what our driver's license or whatever if
we if we don't have IDs like is it what
you want is no IDs in general like you
walk in here's my name bloom you vote
that seems to be the way that we do it
now and I haven't heard of any current
problems in the electoral process if
you're going to start putting up
barriers to voting which is a
fundamental right of every American
you need have a really good reason for
doing so it doesn't sound like any of
those reasons have been presented so far
but all right here here's the reason
what if I lie about Who I am
okay like what if you walked into it
with my powers and you used it to beat
everybody in a poker game but what I'm
saying is you have to demonstrate that
these problems exist like as well so no
but but if we don't have people showing
ID when they're voting and lying about
who they are or voting twice etc etc
then we have an issue okay probably the
problem that we had this happen it just
doesn't happen anyway but how do you
know well it hasn't happened because
there are voter ID laws no there are the
voter ID laws were removed first in most
states there aren't you go to the place
you say who you are they look up your
address and then you vote that's it I
don't have to show an ID to vote so you
just just give your name and then and
they'll do that they cross you guys out
yeah but how do we know like poor people
poor white people let's talk about poor
white people for for a second here how
how is this not affecting them it is
affecting them right sure therefore it's
affecting poor people not majority black
or majority white in fact there are a
lot like an obviously exponentially
because the of the population of whites
versus blacks in in America obviously a
lot of poor white people whenever I hear
poor people a lot of the people on the
Left they start to reference
you know black people like as if there's
no white people who are poor and then
when I do give a comparison between a
black poor person and a white poor
person I hear well the white poor person
is a little bit more privileged and I
want to know exactly how so so how do we
say poor people like it almost seems
racist in a sense that when we're
talking about poor people that were only
talking about black people you know what
I mean and now like again there are
obviously some states where there's a
way more higher percentage of poor black
people compared to poor white people
I'll give you that for sure and if this
is a problem for them it [ __ ] sucks
and we have to definitely rectify it
however I don't see the correlation
between a certain ID and the person
being black I made a video on this last
year and I got a [ __ ] ton of emails and
tweets and everything from a ton of
black people saying yeah I don't
understand why they're saying that only
black people aren't the ones able to get
IDs because there's a bunch of white
people can get a these are other black
people I don't know who say it but these
are black people that haven't looked
into it either I don't care if you're
white or black if you think this the
opinion here is pretty clear like when
when Republicans have tried to implement
voter ID they've done so without
demonstrating any need for it no one has
demonstrated that oh well look at all
this voter fraud we need ID that's never
been demonstrated and in the ways that
people have tried to implement it such
as the case in North Carolina that went
to the Supreme Court it was pretty clear
that it was just racially motivated so
earlier you said there are a lot of
white people and a lot of black people
that are poor okay I want I want to
understand okay I'm gonna give you an
example if I walk into a room okay let's
say that there are 100 white people and
there are 20 black people okay and I
look into the room and I look at all of
their economic data and I say okay I
want to get rid of all the poor people
from this room get rid of what get rid
of all of my don't wanna talk to see any
of them okay let's say that thirty white
people walk out and fifteen black people
walk out okay so if we lose thirty out
of a hundred white people there's still
70 left it was only thirty percent right
if we
fifteen out of like twenty or thirty
black people it's a much higher
percentage of black people than than
white people that are impacted I get
what you're saying there I can kill
you're saying so like when you look at
the poverty rate of white winning
basically well no what I'm saying is you
know you have to look at the numbers on
a per capita basis in the United States
nine percent of the people that are in
poverty are white 22% of the people are
black hello yeah so yeah you know black
people have a much smaller percentage of
that installation but but again again
the like yeah sure there will be more
white people who will be able to vote
because the percentage is higher of non
poor whites I understand what you're
saying there but to to say that there is
in place laws to make black people not
being able to vote when the same white
people of the same economic standard are
being removed from voting as well then
that's where you lose me you know what I
mean yeah I understand okay um actually
there was an interesting thing I saw one
of your debates it was with no [ __ ]
that you you brought up and it was
talking about how you were saying that
black people are more likely to be
arrested for a drug charge than a white
person right yeah and and then no
[ __ ] you know he like he's a nice
guy I like him but his answer was was
was horrible where he said cuz black
people most likely have guns hanging out
of their pants and they are caught more
and I thought that was a dumb answer and
how I would like I was sort of hearing
or a debate with him and like we have to
understand that there are a lot of bad
areas in the states that have a
predominantly more minority people and
it's obviously unfortunate I'm not
saying it's something I'm happy about it
but there are the you know way more you
know murder and rape caused by the black
community
you know 13% of the people in America
are black and they caused about 50% of
murder and rape so these are horrible
numbers therefore these neighborhoods
have way more police presence because of
you know this statistic yeah I
understand this point can we just go
back to the other thing real quick and
then we could run to this okay okay so
I'm sorry so let's say okay okay I'm not
trying to I don't want to call you names
or anything if I say anything that you
disagree with her if I'm rude feel free
to interrupt me and tell me stuff okay
so there is a term for people okay and
I'm not trying to be rude with this but
the name of the term white nationalist
would use this to describe Trump you
call these people useful idiots so what
you do is you have a law and you have
the intent might be okay and the letter
of the law is good but the actual end
result is not good at all so let me give
you an example okay let's say that I
want to take a vote of people in a room
okay and I want to vote on what we're
going to do in this room what activity
we're gonna do okay now I'm gonna use
specific numbers here okay let's say
that there are 100 white people and
there are 20 black people okay and let's
say that I get an economic breakdown of
all these people know my goal let's say
secretly I'm really racist okay I don't
want any black people to vote okay
on this poll so I can't say no black
people like cuz that's racist as [ __ ]
and everybody would call me out on it so
instead let's say that I get the
economic breakdown I go okay well if I
get rid of all the poor people I can get
rid of 30 white people and 15 black
people now if I get rid of that many if
you look at that right okay 30 30 white
people 15 black people two-thirds of the
people you just got rid of are white
like this isn't racist most of the
people impacted here are white you're
not really like this is this can't be
racist at all like it impacts more white
people than black people how can you
possibly say this keeps more black
people from voting than white people
that was essentially what you were
saying earlier right do you kind of
follow this so far yeah yeah okay but
the problem is that we had a hundred
white people voting and now we only have
70 so you've removed 30% of the white
people from the vote we had 20 black
people voting and then we removed 15 of
them now we only have five you removed
75 I
I totally see what you're saying where
it's almost like you're you're not
saying I don't want black people to vote
I'm just gonna cause this thing that
will have way less black people voting
sure we'll lose some white people
because the cap per capita we have more
white people therefore we'll have more
white people voting yeah so that's how
even though it's easy to say like well
look all these white poor people are
impacted too well sure but on a per
capita basis way more black people are
poor than there are poor white people so
even if some white people aren't able to
vote you lose way more four percentage
of the black vote than the white vote no
okay no no I totally see what you're
saying there and I I totally understand
that however if I it's really hard to it
to explain because if white people are
being as affected as black people and
because per capita there are less black
people than white people when we lower
the percentage of poor people whether it
be black or white we are dropping the
number for both the the white and the
black
therefore it's almost an even playing
field now what you're saying is that
there are more per capita poor black
people right therefore they lose more of
a percentage when this drop happens
because of poor people can't pull with
their IDs however and this is actually
like and this is actually even on on a
franchesca ramsey who have passed
millions of times but on a decoded
episode where there is a lot of areas a
lot of states where there are more white
poor people per capita compared to black
people so how would we explain these
certain states and the overall voting of
a president let's say you know what I
mean so we're so we're dropping
percentage on white people and on black
people but almost at the same rate
because there are per capita as many
poor to white I'm sorry poor black to
white people you know what I mean
so if if there was something that was
way more like solid way more solid
evidence saying hey look there's
obviously ninety percent of black people
are being affected by this and only ten
percent of white people
I'd be on your side you know what I mean
it just seems to me
yeah sure you lose those thirty white
people and you lose that fifteen black
people but percentage-wise
that would make sense okay so when okay
do you get are you okay my okay talking
about these hammers you want to write
this down or something cuz I cuz it can
get a little bit confusing I guess I
don't mean that but what would be the a
percent okay we have one hundred white
people voting and twenty black people
voting okay okay I see what you're
saying yeah okay mathematic I'm actually
hold on women only got now twenty five
percent okay you've got one hundred
white people voting and you've got
twenty black people voting right you
understand that right right okay
so if we look at that that means that of
all the people that voted of the total
votes twenty percent of them were black
people does that make sense right yeah
so we have a whole vote about but now
ideally you want votes in some regards
to represent the population right okay
sure so one hundred white people voting
twenty black people voting that means
that twenty percent of the vote is going
to be black now let's say that we quote
unquote remove the poor okay so we take
out thirty white people and fifteen
black people we move twice as many white
people as black people right so now we
have 70 white people voting okay and we
have and we've got a poem sorry socio
total all right but regardless we've got
seventeen
I'm sorry we've got seventy white people
voting and we've got five black people
voting right yeah no I get your
percentage of the brain but this is
assuming that this example that you
brought out is the actual numbers are on
the table they talk but this is what it
always is it is always
disproportionately impacting black
people versus white people you don't see
Republicans pushing this in areas where
white people this is what I mean
I went where this is where the term
useful idiot comes from because a lot of
Republicans will sit there in champion
like oh you know ovo to perform um you
know or this voter ID is really good it
protects the integrity of our process
but the only people that are the people
that are always disproportionately
impacted by this are always black people
in every area where Republicans have
brought this up it's happened over and
over and over again it happens with
gerrymandering in Texas just recently I
got struck down there where they're
always trying to find what it like this
is like the Republican strategy to
voting is to try to keep as many black
people from voting as possible that
seems to be what it what it is when they
do these voter ID things see I I get
what you're saying
i I and believe me I try to look at
things on you know both sides before I
really like they make a full decision on
what I believe or whatever and I'm not
saying that I'm a hundred percent right
or whatever but what I'm saying is
unless I get some sort of solid
information that makes it obvious that
what is being presented is in fact
racist and like like like here's the
problem with just saying racist or yeah
he's racist or whatever I can now take
this form of I'll say soft racism if
that's cool like if that makes sense
where it's like let's say a hard racist
is is like me walking up to a black dude
and calling him the n-word and a soft
race it's like I don't know if you're
invited to the party let's just pretend
that's the term right these be soft
racist terms I can now take anything
anything any subject any area anything
you want to talk about and find
something racist about it you know what
I mean yeah so I can't be like well you
know I'm Asian people you know there are
really bad drivers which is like a
stereotype I'm using that as an example
you know they're bad drivers and let's
say I've seen this every day an Asian
person always cuts me off or whatever
right now you're saying that me at least
