I also would like to run a ritual detect
magic spell to look for any secret room
or anything the wizard may have hidden
in this tower
okay detects magic you said yeah ritual
detect magic which I also do like a
perception to see if I can find any like
please see the buttons or anything like
that yeah I seem to find a secret button
you are positive I don't really want to
click it it's this go that like sticks
out just a little bit too far and you're
certain as you polish up there's like a
bit of a click but it's not doing
anything the button must be broken but
then it's definitely a secret button
lock come over here
dee dee several degrees it's a secret
button I see it it's a secret button
okay I come over and I see quick I take
a quick look at it but it's not working
wait a minute Ori come check this out
yeah sure this is a secret button is it
not it's pretty you are all positive
this is a secret button did I detect
magic come up with anything it's not a
magical secret button it must be a
mechanical one well I have a nice big
maybe I should like hit around the
secret button yeah give me strength
check a very hard time working his ice
pick against this stone wall arch bum
yeah midoriko treasure alright Midori
you managed to chip away at this block
until it eventually falls out and sure
enough there's something back here
it's a fireball trap
it just kind of wobbles in and back out
well there has to be something you spend
the next half hour sorting out that
there's nothing here eventually you all
come to the agreement that it was just a
mistake that you all made together
a little bit worried to hold on to the
purse for this for now and then we can
have a friendly duel let's have a duel
right now
