I have with me in studio destiny right
yeah how did you get the name is that a
lady named yeah kind of I made it when I
was like nine you call yourself destiny
well real life I call myself Steven but
online I go by destiny answer oh so your
real name is Steven yeah but on lie you
pretend to be a woman no I just have a
feminine name I guess yeah that's a girl
name
yeah I mean sometimes it is do they know
you have a girl name on life I don't
think most people see it that way online
oh do they see destiny as a male name I
guess so yeah amazing
destiny is a twitch streamer a gamer and
YouTube personality who also cover
politics and philosophy his website is
destiny dot Gigi I appreciate you coming
in
I appreciate you have a Happy New Year
Happy New Year and so are you
conservative liberal probably very
liberal probably very liberal compared
to yeah compared to what most Americans
yeah oh yeah how do you thirty years old
really and how long have you been a
liberal probably five to six years maybe
and you were conservative prior to
becoming a liberal very much and what
made you become a liberal I got a little
older a little smarter oh you're out of
it yeah and you were tired of being a
man I was tired of being an idiot but
you so you woke up one day you know what
I'm tired of being a man I want to be a
liberal I think there are plenty of men
that are liberal not rule man you really
think so
mei-hua liberals are betas what do you
mean what is a man to you I'll tell you
in a minute that's a good question I
want to ask you first off let me ask you
are you Cuban uh half yeah half Cuban a
half what about European stuff I don't
know so okay you your mother with Cuba
your father mom is keeping oh and your
dad is you don't know what do you looks
I'm European
yeah did you know your father yeah I
just don't know the background much and
I really care that much you don't care
too much about your father
about my heritage or my ethical but oh
yeah I understand that
so I read that you were banned from
Twitter yep
why I don't tell I got reported by a lot
of people and what do they say about you
Twitter at the people that reported it
reported you to make them bang no I have
no idea I got reporter for all sorts of
stuff what were you saying
um I'm just whatever things liberals say
I'm not sure
oh and so are you okay with being a
liberal do you feel like a man as a
liberal cut most men real men are
conservative what do you mean when you
say real men real men what is a man of
European okay iswhat a man is to you
I'll tell you that a minute but tell me
so Hume I guess what is a man what is a
man um I don't know I mean people that
have values of I guess honor or
integrity or chivalry people that stand
up for what they believe in I mean
there's a lot of general who did I hear
what a man is in what are you asking
like in a scientific sense er here just
period what is a man I and I think I
already gave an answer what do you think
a man thank you pay so you don't really
know what a man did you grow up close to
your mother um I grew up equally close
to both parents who would be closest to
your mother or your father it was about
50/50 on both so your 50% and daddy and
50% mom exactly right down the middle so
you half man half woman I don't think
that's how male or female works how does
it work
not like that how does it work I mean it
depends on what since you're asking a
man is a a man is a male who turned to
man he grew out a male who became a man
and he is a a a man that loves God with
all this heart so they might along with
nothing else he between all people the
same because he has no anger he loved
was right he leaved people and the right
way to go he President Trump and I'm
sure you would agree is a perfect
example of what a man is
I may even love this enemy because he
has no anger for anyone would you agree
that President Trump is a real man I'm
not sure to me by men I heard you
described a bunch of things that have
nothing to do with men this is nature he
has an obligation
of being right thing man and women can
be correct or incorrect about things I
don't think any of their duty is to be
right I mean literally right be right
and lead the way that's a duty would you
agree that I mean if that's his duties
been a pretty poor job of it right now
do you agree that degree who I hope is a
real man what is the great white hope
president Trump
he's doing a pretty bad job in what way
I mean we're in the longest government
shutdown in recorded history as we speak
right now who fought is that it's his
fault he's the leader no it's a
Democrats ball they don't want to give
you the money into preparing the money
come closer to the mic for me they don't
want to give turn it up a little bit of
something Joe I don't want to give the
president the money to put a wall up I
mean I could either agree with you or I
could agree with Trump when government
shutdowns happen under Obama Trump said
that it was the fault of the sitting
president if a shutdown happened so do
you think Trump was wrong when he said
that I don't remember him saying that
but I'm sure I need you agree that the
Democrats forced the president has shut
down the borders because they refused to
put the country first isn't it true that
they should protect the country before
they protect illegal aliens do you think
the CEO of a company would blame his
board of directors for not being able to
get something done is it true that they
should protect the country before
protected illegal aliens first don't you
think if you're the leader for countries
you got Internet question well I'm just
curious sure they put the country first
or illegal alien first probably put the
country first we say it probably you're
not here why don't know what you mean by
country or illegal aliens or what you
mean by put it first so little America
be put first become first before illegal
aliens who are trying to break into our
country what about the illegal aliens
that are here right now a part of
America sure they put America before
they put illegal aliens but put it where
first oh yeah sure uh you do agree to
that I bought you for illegal aliens
breaking the law just coming into our
country not generally no you did not for
that will you say not generally are you
saying you somewhat for it I mean it
depends on the type of illegal immigrant
I guess oh there are certain types that
you were let in yeah I guess maybe
should I would type a high school labor
I might come here and overstay a visa
I don't think that's necessarily a
harmful immigrant we're talking about
the ones who are breaking the law coming
across the borders how many that
overstays their visas that's where most
illegal immigrants come from how about
the ones who are breaking the law
they're not coming with visas no some
that are here illegally ah no yeah who
are breaking the law to come here
if you overstay your visa that's a form
of breaking the law how about if you
come across the border illegally how
about it and are you for them doing that
I know you should really try to find a
way to get here legally yeah okay what
does that have to do the government
shutdown are you aware that the
Democrats are willing to give other
country buku money they even get Mexico
and other countries buku money but
they're not willing to put up the money
to protect their own country America
what's the book Kumail lots of money for
how do you know where that in what ways
do we give them money many ways are you
you're not worried are you saying you're
not aware I just want to understand that
no I'm just curious in what ways you
think we do is it fair to give other
country money but not give money to put
up a wall around your country I don't
know is it fair to give tax cuts to the
wealthiest Americans and spend a lot of
money on our military but not fund the
wall
I mean trim could have done it with any
any number of funding bills I mean
amazing did you vote for Hillary Clinton
yeah I did well no wonder your name is
Destin destiny but yesterday to be fair
your name is Jessie I heard that used
for women quite a bit as well with the I
just hear it I hear Jessie if somebody
told me that Jesse was coming into room
might be expected to see a pretty lady
not would the eye I can't hear it are
you married no I'm not okay
what does any of this have to do
government shutdown there we go I just
explained to you that the president was
forced to close down Porsche parts of
the government because the Democrats
refused to give him money to put the
wall up but they are willing to support
abortion are you for abortion why wasn't
the president able to negotiate with the
Democrats because the Democrats are evil
they're selfish they want the votes
there that's why they want to in illegal
aliens in here and they think just
because they're running Congress right
now that they have the power
don't they what they weren't running
Congress Republicans where are you they
are now are you for what so I widen the
Republicans get it funded know when it's
we beta male Rhino Republicans wait I
thought you said conservatives were
alpha man they're not conservative Oh
President Trump is a conservative say
the only one know this kind of Steve
King oh the white supremacist is he's a
conservative why do you call him a white
supremacist because he believes that
white people are superior to other
people what do you say yeah if you
didn't turn it Nathan
no he did more or less are you a
nationalist no not really
you're not why not I don't really care
much about I guess countries is not my
interest you don't care that much about
America I care about the people in
America but do you care about America as
a concept not necessarily not more than
the people inside of it do you care
about the country America not more than
the people inside of it now amazing and
so you're not for the wall going up
right now I'm not really are you for the
wall going up in Israel here's where it
has a wall are you for that I mean
that's Israel's business I don't really
pass judgment on what other people do
are you for that I don't know I'm not
indifferent to it I don't know do you
support Israel put in a wall up around a
country they want to it's their country
I can do whatever they want why can't we
do that here we could if we wanted to I
don't want to I'm not Israeli I'm
American I'm for Israel putting the wall
up I think they did the right thing we
should do it here as well I read that no
I want to ask what do you think about
the attack on free speech by social
media what do you think about it what
attack on free speech by social media
they they you you said that they blocked
you right huh do you think that was fair
I mean it's their First Amendment right
to do so was it right to blot you for
free speech I mean it's their freedom of
speech to do so you thought it was okay
to do that yeah I mean it's they're
protected by the First Amendment
are you against you are correct in that
since they own the media I mean they
almost social media the aspect of it
they can do what they want is their
business in America they can do what
they want but are you okay with it I
mean personally I would like to not be
banned but I mean from a legislative or
legal standpoint that's their right to
do so what made their bail you you or
you are liberal
it's almost like they ban people
regardless of political issue or two
they were too conservative what made
them do it to you I'm not entirely sure
they never told me I wanted to ask
illegals that I'm coming here they
landed in the end up in in black
communities first around the country and
so they are really bad for the country
and really bad for black people first
and foremost because they take jobs away
from blacks they bring their drugs and
crime into the black community and
blacks are already suffering from crime
not unemployment not 0.8% right now let
me finish this not all but most they the
illegal aliens take over health care
because they have babies and stuff and a
black women can't get into these
hospitals and things like that
employment neo employers hire the
illegal aliens for day labor over the
blacks because it's cheaper to hire
illegal aliens an illegal alien does it
bother you that blacks are effective
first and foremost by illegal aliens
coming in I don't understand how Trump
can say that black unemployment is
lowest it's ever has been but somehow
all these illegals are stealing jobs
from black people I don't know how I'm
supposed to believe you are Trump there
does it bother you that the blacks are
being effective first and foremost I
don't think I don't I don't understand
the question why you lying to me I don't
know does it bother you that these
illegal aliens are bringing crime
they're running blacks out of their own
communities they're taking jobs from
them the public schools overcrowded with
illegal aliens sort of black citizens
children are suffering from it and there
were fights almost every day health care
have been affected by the illegal aliens
and conservative black people does that
bother you that the blacks are being
affected in a negative way first and
foremost
well the legals are running blacks out
of their communities and the communities
are ghettos isn't that a good thing are
they running them out it's like middle
class housing or where they going after
are you refusing to answer that question
I mean the question doesn't make sense
and does it make sense that
meaning that it doesn't bother you that
blacks will be an effective first and
foremost are affected by all sorts of
issues you say it doesn't make sense
are you saying that it's okay that
blasto being affected in a negative way
by you legally if we really care about
how blacks are being affected I don't
think I'd be talking about illegal
immigrants impact on healthcare I'm
asking you a white liberal huh do you I
does it bother you that blacks or affect
it first and foremost by illegal aliens
I don't think blacks are the only people
affected by illegal I didn't ask you
about others oh yes about but I think
blacks are affected that much by legally
so you not bothered I don't think it
happens that much are you bothered by it
if it happened I would be yeah it is
happening are you bothered by if it
really was that he would be but I don't
think it is and why would you be
bothered by it I'm bothered by anything
about how about black people why are you
bothered by that concerning black people
don't care if they're black people but
there are other Americans that are being
bothered by things it's a pretty big
deal yeah so you're not gonna answer
that what do you think about white
people who are under attack
they'll call races if they speak up or
disagree with blacks and others they the
jobs are being taken away from them
but I people are attacking them robbed
not all but most raping and murdering
and attacking them i what do you think
about that and even Steve King
represented a sneaky who told the truth
all he did was totally true and now he's
under attack because he's white what do
you think about that and I think he's
under attack probably because he's very
racist white people being under time
under attack in the United States I
think white people are doing just fine
do you think that you're white right
well um and I'd look pretty way yeah you
look white but your cube half Cuban half
white if you spoke out against black
people and you were attacked and they
took your job away from you I made you
lose your job would you be okay with
that I mean it would depend on what I
said to get attacked I guess if you
spoke the truth and you weren't at job
taken away from you
and other things happening and they call
you a racist as a white man half Cuban
would you be okay with that
give me an example of something I could
say would you be okay with that it's the
question what could you give me an
example of what are you here to answer
questions away I mean that's a pretty
loaded question I'm just curious what
could I say then what do you mean by
loaded you're assuming a lot in the
question no I'm just a question
well yeah you're assuming that I would
say something that I mean like if I said
I hated all black people or something
then yeah I would expect people to
attack me do you hate all bad people no
I don't you hate some black people I
mean I imagine so probably do you hate
some black people yeah yeah I imagine so
yeah I think about it why do you hate
them
I don't know because of personal issues
I have with it what type of person issue
I would depend on the person I don't
know it I don't want to call it specific
people I don't like on this Joe do you
love black people not like I don't love
any group of people because I don't love
white people or black there are people
that I like in there people that I don't
like do you love black people
I don't understand the I don't love like
groups of people that it look a certain
way no do you love black people I don't
love groups of people that look a
certain way I asked you about black
people do you love black people like a
particular black person or certain types
of black people do you love black people
sure I love black people
Wow amazing I'm telling you so you're
not for the wall and you love black
people after I have to force you by
asking you 10 times you finally say yeah
do you recognize there's a difference
between being able to like people
individually versus liking groups of
people because of a reason I'll repeat
it if I were to ask you do you like
gamers what would you say I love all
people all people yeah okay totally love
our people um I have a question for you
for someone hold on one minute what if
you criticize black for the lack of
moral character would you criticize
black people for the most not on our own
at all but would you criticize most
black people what a lack of character no
I wouldn't target a group of people by
their skin color to criticize for how
about black people No
do you agree with me that there's no
such thing as racism sexism homophobia
ISM Islamophobia ISM Debbie guy is a
white supremacism do you agree with me
that those things don't exist it just
has everything to do with the lack of
character I mean it can have to do with
lack of character and both exist at the
same time No do you agree with me that
those things absolutely exist you
believe racism as this yeah of course
are you racist no how come you're not
you white man okay why aren't you a
racist just because I'm white doesn't
mean I have to be racist but then would
they think though they think all white
people racing they even think you are
racing that's why well I think the earth
is flat but doesn't mean I think that as
well so are you okay with black people
believe that you are racist I don't
think I'll black people believe I'm a
racist if you disagree with them they
would I don't think so I'm just scared
of plenty of black but they don't think
I'm racist amazing ah do you agree with
me that most black people suffer not
because of racism but like a more
character to destruction another family
could be both family could be destroyed
because of racism he's not mutually
exclusive so why no family could be
destroyed because of racism it's
possible do you agree with me that black
people are suffering not because of
racism but the lack of moral character
and your destruction another family I
think black people in general have a
lack of moral character now I'm asking
about so you don't believe black people
are suffering too due to the like most
black people suffer and due to the lack
of moral character no I don't think so
how about so are there more people oh
really bad people I don't think any
group of people is inherently moral or
immoral how about black people are black
people a more people like a moral people
or a moral piece I mean do they have
more i mores I imagine any group of
people has morals yeah for sure most
black people so you're saying yes black
people have more I would imagine so yeah
do you believe that they do I would
believe so yeah you do ah seventy-seven
percent of black babies are born out of
wedlock to black women who are citizens
of this country is that more it depends
on your definition of mom asking you
about your you know guess I don't have
okay and that more to have babies out of
weather
III don't this isn't how I do morality I
don't ask you how you did it well you
did your ask for more for black women to
be happy babies our weather sure as long
as you take care of a child it's a boy
sure is it more to have an abortion um
yeah sure with you what you woman to
abort you chow if she really wanted to
you'll be ok with that
I mean it's her decision it's her body
right amazing how US law works right now
amazing are you a beta male I don't
think so
beta you an alpha male you a beta let me
ask one and even take some calls in
South Africa
mommy Africa the blacks I've taken over
the government and now white people are
under attack their lands are being taken
away from them without compensation
there'll be raw murder and killed by
blacks and no one seemed to care how do
you feel about that I don't know much
about South Africa
is it right that why that's a sumo
temperature is it white rights that
black people should be killing white
people robbing them going up to their
homes and killing them and robbing them
and taking their lands farmland without
compensation
is that right why are they done it is it
right it doesn't matter why is it right
it doesn't matter why you do something
you have to have a reason to be killing
people in their homes or sir yeah I mean
there might be a good I don't know you
what if you know they might be doing it
for a good reason
what if you were killing Nazis in their
homes or killing murderers and rapists
in their homes would that be right I
don't know you tell me would it be right
to kill kill murderers and rapists yes
in their home I don't know it depends on
how you question when I asked you about
South Africa because I asked you why
they were killing them I'm just curious
what the reason is amazing let's go to
some calls okay oh I have a question for
you is thirty years old too old for
video games I don't think so how do you
thirty years old Oh No are you a video
gamer right sometimes I am yeah amazing
when we come back we'll take some cost
okay
amazing what made you take on a girl
name oh my well it was a noun when I was
nine years old and I lived in Nebraska
so I didn't know any black people so I'd
never met a girl named destiny before oh
did you know destiny was a girl named
and I know you thought it was a boy
named no I thought it was a noun that
just meant sounded cool cuz I was nine
years old
amazing amazing uh when you were a
conservative were you a moral person
with your man then more men
you think I'm Val use and more I still
have values and morals now when you were
concerned that you have them no I don't
think you can have values and morals and
be a conservative did you support
abortion when you were a conservative my
choose my V is an abortion of changed
over time
how about sames to call homosexual
marriage and she support that yeah when
you were conservative no now when I was
a conservative what made you you did not
support it as a conservative what made
you support it as a liberal why did you
switch well you said that we should have
love for all people and I decided to
have love for even homosexual people and
I figured that love means they should
probably get married amazing where do
morals come from I don't know that's a
really interesting question what do you
think morals come from are you a
Christian no oh you're not a Christian
definitely not are you an atheist yeah
and probably are you a these agnostic
but sure and what does that mean to be
agnostic I don't believe you can have
information about the existence of a god
amazing Alonso is the first-time caller
out of Nashville Tennessee Alonso
you're on the air thank you for calling
you're on with Destiny's Child
no no not destiny child just destiny no
hair all is well how you doing yes it's
great to be on the show I've been
watching your show for over a year now
and I've learned so much from your show
I want to thank you very much for the
information that you've been putting out
you're welcome thank you I appreciate
that I've taken a few of your advice and
I've been talking to other black folk
and it's been
been getting a lot of confidence and
I've been opening up other blacks to
realizing that racism is not the issue
that we're supposed to be fighting it's
a spiritual battle that you've been -
tell people yes and I've been getting
some negative feedback from it
but then that's had some people that you
know change their minds good
we need more more people of God to be
out there people who are not afraid to
tell the truth yes sir I appreciate that
Oh
Alonzo yes thank you very much again
it's an honor to be talking to you right
now right I'm a little nervous right now
so bear with well don't be nervous we
okay we just there's just Jessie and
Destiny's here and I hope destiny I hope
you change their viewpoints if
everything's a learning experience and
yoky grown because I didn't believe the
things that Jessie believed and after
watching it over and over I began to
realize then I began to start sharing
that love to everybody what do you say
about that destiny I hope I kill myself
before I even get halfway down the road
I'm sorry man rather kill yourself than
how love for all yeah you say yes then
we'll believe in whatever you guys
believe in did you say yes
then believe in within whatever you guys
believe in yet Oh your parents liberal
no they're quite conservative oh there
are other Christians yeah they are do
they know you switched oh yeah how do
they feel about it they're not happy
about it
amazing dude they are pallazo no sir
continue doing the good thing and I'll
keep on plugging along thank you buddy
caught me again thank you all right
that's amazing that's amazing
you wiped my shows before I'm a little
bit unfortunately unfortunately why
unfortunate I don't know if it's like an
increased risk of brain cancer or what
happens if I expose myself to too much
of this but and the Hughes saying
amazing yeah I know it's already maybe
it is I don't know a pathogen or
something any effect
do you have anger destiny I'm angry all
the time yeah you are and how did you
become an angry person mainly by
listening to people like you you became
angry by hearing the truth by here not
by hearing the truth now and how did
people like me call you to become angry
because I actually have actually very
much appreciate the truth I might hear
people like you I get pretty upset so
many people could be led astray and what
do I say that it's not true pretty much
every single word you say it's not true
like what for there's anything having to
do with God for example and you made an
example sometimes say it about God it's
not true anything related to God I think
morals have to come from God as an
example of an untrue statement you don't
get you more from God
you don't have to get your morals from
Ghana where do you get used from I make
them up yourself you made them up to use
you and supportive Trent men and women
women pretend to be men and men
pretending to be women transgender makes
them happy sure you okay with that too
it's Bruce Jenner or a man or a woman
it's whatever they want to be I don't
care what is Bruce versus whoever he or
she wants to be here who is he is he a
man or a woman hates whatever they want
to be I don't care it's not my business
you don't know what Bruce is not really
do you know what I am wait but right now
I'm not sure but and with the name
Destiny haha are you Church didn't I
don't know am i seems like you don't
know either right maybe we should just
keep it to ourselves you look like a man
oh you look like a male okay but why you
asked me what are you because you don't
actually know what I am so why worry
well we know that Bruce is pretending to
be a woman but he's really a man now
that yeah he were born a man really have
you seen his penis before but he said he
were born a man he used on me said it
what if he's what if he said something
different we go about what he said do
you say Bruce is a woman now I'm just
curious how you know how someone is one
way or the other he said that he's a
woman now at one time he was a man
sounds like you don't know either way
though right I know he's not a woman how
do you know that a man who take off
their body parts and attach a woman part
or a woman who take our
woman part and on task a man body parts
to herself does that make her a man do
you know what body parts they were born
with that's not a question
we moved on it we didn't even ask does
that make her a man sure if it wants
them to be yeah yes because he added the
body part of a meal sure if they want to
be sure amazing amazing Brady is the
first time calling from Phoenix Arizona
Brady thank you for calling you are near
hey on all this well how you doing good
thanks how can I help you I don't know
you said you wanted a quote-unquote
adult video gamers to call in I didn't
say that maybe someone else on my are
you an adult video gamer I am a
chronical adult video gamer how old are
you I am 23 years old
usually over to mother no I don't
actually work a job and go to school I
thought so are you on a speakerphone
yeah oh can you pick up your phone there
that's better
Oh 100% and so I thought I was under the
impression maybe I'm wrong that video
games before children oh you're
absolutely wrong
why how they for adults it's there's a
min how are they not for adults what's
the difference between playing a video
game and watching movie are you
depressed amazing no no I'm not actually
you're not depressed nope do you have
suicidal thoughts no I do not
are you shy of the world are you are you
able to deal with people alright deal
people perfectly fine so why you why you
an adult video gamer because I enjoy the
entertainment of video games amazing
destiny do you agree with me that adult
not be a video gamers well considering
I'm an adult that plays video games
wouldn't make much sense if I agreed
with you would it so what do you what
are you thinking about are you you're
not married right not right now
you've been married yeah oh you were
married and were you a video gamer while
married why you were married yeah
well no wonder your wife left you how do
you like me are you Mary Brady no not
married
oh you're never gonna get married till
you married to the video game are you
married
oh yeah my aren't you married don't have
time don't have time um do you think the
women are scared off because they hear
Jessie's coming and they're not sure if
they're gonna see a woman or a man no
they want me yeah work it's not in the
cars right now for me
let me ask Brady um it's Brady not
greedy Brady why are you into games as
an entire I think I already answered
that question so why were you a
conservative destiny when you were into
video gaming yep
are you addicted to it to video games I
don't think so no are you Brady are you
addition to the games and I'm not
addicted until you'd stop doing it if
you wanted to yeah well give it a try
for a year and they see what's happening
okay I listened to your show for years
like losing brain cells
okay will you stop the game before a
year I know it why would I saw something
I enjoy amazing are you a conservative I
know I'm not a conservative
are you in there Berman you're a liberal
liberal sure Veda how did you become a
how did you become a liberal um I don't
know I guess it comes from things you
believe in
how did you become a conservative you
got it from your mother
not really thank your mother liberal my
mother is you could say what leaning oh
she's a liberal sure so you just like
your mother do you think you spent
training my father's uh left-leaning too
so you're just not your mother and
father if you want to say that I rest my
case
amazing are you I was akin
I was a liberal when I was a beta male
and then I and then God changed my heart
and I can no longer identify with
liberals because liberals of their
father the devil you know children of
the lie and so I am a black Christian
conservative how do you feel about a
black conservative Grady its Brady Brady
yeah brainy oh they have a G here for
some reason
it's Brady no okay yeah they spelled
your name wrong um how do you feel about
black conservatives what's the
difference between them and any other
conservative that's not what I asked how
do you feel about black conservatives I
mean I feel the same way like I do about
all conservatives how do you feel about
black conservatives why are you singling
out black conservatives how do you feel
about black conservatives I feel I do
okay I do not like conservatives I don't
like the black leaves out black
conservatives I do about all concern do
you like the black conservatives like I
said I do not like black conservatives
okay not because they're black it's
because they're conservative I didn't
say because they're black I just asked
do you like I don't know why you you're
singling out why do I just as a new
question
I already into a question like this I
said I do not like blacks observe this
but I don't like conservatives overall
destiny do you like black conservatives
nope
how do you you don't like them no okay
see how easy do you know destiny Brady
Brady I mean I'm a fan of them I don't
know him personally you have a fan Oh
another liberal exciting a gamer really
amazing oh I may say Brady thank you for
calling man I appreciate it
all right and thankfully thanks for
listening to the show I want to ask how
do you feel about the attack this
happening with Steve King right now
representative 16-4 saying that he's a
nationalist and when did that go wrong
and what's wrong with being a national
how you feel about that
Steve Kings made a lot of pretty racist
comments in the past so I'm like what
when you talked about Mexican babies
replacing white people in the United
States for instance well we don't have
enough white babies we have too many
messy maybe we don't need a new Mexican
babies we need white babies saying
American Mexican babies they be American
no in here they're Mexican babies
they're gonna turn into Mexico you
really think so 100% do you agree that
we need more white babies no we
necessarily need any more of a
particular type of baby are you offended
when white people with white males or
attacked and call white supremacy and
things like that if they're an actual
white supremacist no it seems
appropriate so it doesn't bother you
that when they're actually white
supremacists no and if they decide that
they wanted to be a white supremacy
what's wrong with that
I'm not a fan of people that are white
supremacist are you fan are you okay
with black supremacy no I'm not
you like Luis burka I don't know enough
about him do you know who Luis Mary
Kennedy seen like tweets better he said
that white people are blue-eyed Devils
and black people are I mean I but I
people but Jews are blessed ii Jews do
you agree with that I know you don't
agree with that no should he be banned
for making those statements banned from
what
who's saying those statements ban from
where ban from America take his job what
job stop him from preaching and all that
for saying making those statements and
Caprice whatever you want your freedom
of religion in the United States should
he be banned or stopped as a result make
no statements banned from where his job
what is his job
Anthony question I don't know his job is
you're not answering a question well if
his job is like a McDonald's worker than
now he should be able to do that let's
take mazing let's take Jake Jake is
first time caller out of Georgia Georgia
oh my mind hey Jake hey all this well
you're always destiny as well I have a
guess
how you doing destiny I'm doing great
well I wanted to call her
thank God before is a quite a stupid man
de dum L hate AM L yeah I could tell you
can say I felt the attitude he has a
liberal overall pink inside we're all
the same yeah it was you can definitely
hear that that's a motherly thing coming
from yeah that was Brady
yeah Brady I'm a fetus
you're right about break absolutely you
agree with that destiny no why not
because I don't know if you inherit your
political views from your mother more
than your father or if that makes you
liberal or not you can you can inherit
your beta male characters from your
mother I'm getting probably inherited
from your father as well if you're but
you're probably the beta male but your
father shouldn't be a bad man it could
be the father you be a man well that
guy's a beta melon he has kids and that
kid is gonna have a father that's a beta
male no male shouldn't have kids oh
shoot Jesse here's called you a beta
male oh no he said beta male should have
kids yeah you don't have any kids right
do you have kids you have case you're
not married he's one green gunshot what
do you live in sin no I did that when I
was in sin okay thank you did you get
those marriages no sooner I don't
believe in God how I'm second I'm acid
destiny destiny are you sinner I don't
believe in God so I don't think I can
send in state you daddy last time I
checked no I don't think so yes okay
yeah thank you
Jake I appreciate it let's go to Frankie
I love Illinois Frankie thank you for
calling you on the air loud and clear
Frankie thank you for calling your honor
with destiny as well I don't even know
where to start with destiny if Jesse
can't help you
I got an essay to you first Jesse I want
to ask you a question real fast yes sir
do you hate people when you ask them
questions and they can't give oh yes or
no answer no I don't I understand why
they don't you're scared to answer okay
destiny just admitted he said that he's
too scared to answer and most me all
liberals
helped anger and they afraid to admit
the truth so I told you understand you
have to be patient with them my phone
call is mainly directed towards you
testing yes and the wall and your views
on Israel Frankie called me tomorrow
amount of time and Oliver I'm hanging up
and run all the time call me tomorrow
destiny thank you for coming here man
thanks for having what's your website
again destiny Gigi I really appreciate
you coming I wish you well
