then hit me up what you got buddy hey
buddy in here me yep awesome um so I
think earlier today you described
yourself as a gender and maliciousness
right that's me all right um I feel like
that's sort of been my stance ever since
the whole trans issues thing came to
more of the social forefront a few years
ago um but among my leftist friends I
feel like that's not a view that's
represented very often mm-hmm so I have
a couple questions for you which is one
why do you think that is and then two
would you agree that there are like
seriously negative consequences in terms
of the whole team sports dynamics of
politics in the u.s. at the very least
for that sort of thing not being well
represented the the angle that I'm going
for with that kind of being that it's
really easy to attack the gender
identity exclusive view of things I feel
like especially if you're the kind of
average to a person that doesn't spend
all day talking about the [ __ ] right and
I feel like not presenting something
that can hold up to more scrutiny
without a bunch of alternative
definitions of really commonplace words
I feel like not at least presenting that
angle and letting people know that
that's something that because this the
link just for the common person just
sort of is going to inherently divide
the common person further away from this
issue and it's going to prevent social
progress at least in that aspect would
you agree with that wait what is the
question here sorry I got lost sorry
that's okay
okay so the views that are usually
presented when people bring up trans
issues is that okay the terms man and
woman for example and to some lesser
extent among some parts of the trans
community Mel and female are referring
specifically to a person's gender or at
least their gender expression or various
things like this in certain contexts
right wait maybe okay wait ignore this
wait what is the question
wait just just hit me up with the
question all right team sports issues in
the u.s. right like the whole left
versus right it's me versus them
mentality you can tell like trans issues
being in the forefront
of social discussion like this with not
having something like gender
abolitionism ever in part as part of the
conversation do you feel like that is
inherently going to further to the
divide being someone who themselves does
not necessarily agree with a lot of the
trans identity angles of thing wait okay
wait what is the question are we just
asking if we shouldn't talk about trans
issues because it might divide people no
I am saying and do you feel like we
talked about it in the wrong way do you
feel like we should be talking about any
broader sense of things right the gender
abolitionism as a concept should get at
least more attention than it does okay
so should we talk about gender
abolitionism are right and I mean
there's sort of a side angle of this
which is I feel like the only really
popular people that talk about this sort
of thing are going to be on one hand
people like ben shapiro they have
absolutely no [ __ ] idea what they're
talking about
or on the completely opposite ends
someone like contra points who will
sometimes kind of sideways acknowledge
some of these ideas but then also kind
of write them off and be like you know
what that's just not me and somebody
else can talk about that even though I'm
the one with the really big audience
I think gender abolitionism is a very
extreme position to take based on where
societal values are right now so it's
probably not worth it to talk about it
much I don't think you're gonna move
very many people on it and all you'll
probably do like is alienate audiences
talking about it do you not feel like
there's a very substantial portion of
the population that is absolutely never
going to move with just the gender
identity argument though probably but
it's gonna be much much much smaller
than the portion of people that can be
moved or the amount of people that can
be moved to come on board with like
trans issues it's gonna be much larger
than the amount of people that can be in
favor of total abolition of gender norms
or or like of gender as a concept period
so um this is this is kind of a weird
thing to talk about because it gets into
more of the long term thing like you
can't at any given snapshot in history
right like you can optimize for a single
given thing but as soon as you try and
in fact you're in time it becomes a
little more difficult right so I think
the way that I usually would think about
it would be that I feel like later on
down the line if this is a framework
which we would not defend let's say 50
years from now
that is at some point in the future
going to make it a lot more difficult to
convince people of some other framework
later on down the line right if we say
that oh you know actually really I never
really a hundred percent bought into
this other thing but that's not exactly
how all of these isn't that how all
these issues work first we push for a
decriminalization of gay like
relationships and we push for civil
unions and then we make it so we can get
married first we make it so that black
people can't be slaves anymore
then we vote to give them like the right
to vote then we like give them more
civil rights like isn't this exactly how
all of these issues in the past have
gone sure but like if you wanted to
thank slavery as just like a sort of
example to go by even like before the
country was established right there were
hardcore abolitionists that were at the
forefront running lots and lots of
essays that were prominent people right
that that were putting these ideas out
there even if they were not the
mainstream ideas that got accepted
immediately right like there was always
like a group in the middle that was sort
of you know conceding you know its high
near point step-by-step but I feel like
the more extreme positions were always
getting some amount of public attention
I don't mean yeah sure but I mean I
think the extreme positions are being
represented know right like they're just
not as like mainstream which would
probably have been the same back in the
days of like when people are talking
about getting rid of slavery I doubt
that there were any mainstream figures
saying like not only should we get rid
of slavery like black people should be
seen as full-system no segregation bla
bla bla like perhaps nobody probably
would have listened to a person like
that I imagine I I mean we could we
could spend some time trying to
fact-check this I don't have like the
strongest history background to
immediately sign a lot of examples but I
feel like there were abolitionists in
the Revolutionary period that were
saying that like black people were just
as good as white people and they should
actually be considered citizens like
even if they weren't super prominently
saying that in public Witek I mean we
can look and see if like this is just
one example my history's [ __ ] but like
was Abraham Lincoln talking about giving
black people like full like
constitutional rights and like
desegregation and everything of slaves
like was this really a thing that like
people like very prominent figures were
arguing I on the note of Abraham Lincoln
I don't know if that would be true but
also if you wanted to bring up him as a
specific example I think there are other
things to consider when that which is
you know that he was he was a politician
and in that respect he has the
consider what's actually going to get
passed other people and what things he
might say that we would completely turn
other people off right and I don't think
that other people would necessarily have
that have that sort of concern and
wonder state right because at the end of
the day aren't I like kind of convincing
people or persuading people sure but at
the same time I don't like when a
politician has to persuade someone right
they're trying to get votes so they can
get something to happen and although
that may be the case for you and some
respects you already take a lot of
extreme positions like I don't think
that anybody feels compelled to like
like if you have a politician that says
if we had Bernie Sanders come out
tomorrow and literally say that he
wanted like full-on Marxist communism or
something right like nobody would ever
listen to him for anything that he
wanted ever for the rest of his
political career right it'd be complete
political suicide but I don't think that
you're in that same sort of position if
you were to take like a strong social
stance on one particular issue I feel
like you've already done that on some
things right sometimes you have more
moderate views than sometimes you have
more extreme views but I think that
everyone in your audience realizes when
they come to you right I'm good and I
talk about on some times but it's just
like it's such a niche position that I
don't know it just feels like there's
not much point in talking about it like
even people on the left aren't
necessarily going to be on board with me
there so like well I well okay so what I
would say this when the when the trans
issues thing first started coming to the
forefront like three or four years ago
whatever it was I was at odds with a lot
of my left prints and so what I said is
I must be missing - trans people in
Stinney
okay I'm sorry keep going okay so a few
years ago I was at on it so I said there
must be something I'm missing and
wouldn't I start looking into what
people were saying about this and I feel
like all of the most prominent things
that I could find were almost entirely
always country points and even when I
found stuff sort of less popular than
that usually the things that were most
critical that weren't straight enough
just Fincher Piro were like videos of
yours which they're not very many of
them and I don't think the gender
abolitionism came up in any of
ones that I saw at the very least gotcha
okay oh wait sorry I was just referring
to like a donation brother I don't know
if you thought I was talking about you
and I'm sorry
no no wait so basically what are you
saying I like people like counterpoints
I'm a should talk about like gender
abolition more I I would actually really
enjoy that yeah I feel like ain't III
like contra points overall I feel like
you know if I knew her in real life that
we would probably get along pretty well
but I also feel like in a certain point
some of her content is more styled in
some sense sometimes and the format is a
very one-sided thing right like she
makes it all by yourself there's I don't
feel like there's a good Avenue for
criticism of her work and I feel like
she has gotten so big at this point that
it's really difficult to get any sort of
meaningful conversation about anything
that she says like she is sort of the
authority when it comes to trans issues
online for left-leaning people right I
don't feel like there is anybody that
really challenges her on in anything
that she says I mean but I don't think
she was fix against average gender
abolition does she I I don't think that
she does but I think that she kind of
weasels out of some of the more nuanced
elements of some of these parts of the
conversation I guess like I like I
understand you're saying but at the end
of the day like I feel like she included
we're just gonna like we're just gonna
like like Alan don't end up alienating a
whole bunch of people by taking on a
much more extreme position than like
what needs to happen like what do you
mean by that
like there's already a lot of people for
instance you would agree if you don't
buy into trans issues you're never
buying into gender abolition right would
you agree that no I don't think everyone
wait so you think there are people that
would think like yeah I could see us
getting rid of all gender but those same
people would be like yeah I could see
trans people as being like a real thing
well this might be an issue that we have
to you and I like kind of go into more
to understand like what exactly we think
of the idea of gender abolitionism
because I feel like just from like
looking at Facebook memes and dumb [ __ ]
from people that don't do politics at
all online right it seems to me like
when I see some dumb [ __ ] shared that is
making fun of trans issues or non-binary
people or whatever
that it's almost always what do you mean
that your identity is this thing but you
know you express yourself in this other
way sort of thing right there like any
kind of like remotely non-binary view or
there's not just two genders or whatever
if you were to just say look gender is
this idea of these sort of societal
structures and you don't necessarily
have to conform to them but some people
were still choosing to even though it
doesn't really align with what you would
really expect them to do maybe but what
you're talking about right now is
engender a belief wait what do you mean
by gender evolutionism when I when I
talk about gender abolitionism what I'm
really more getting at is the idea that
we there's I don't feel like the cons
the historical concept of gender as we
understand in gender studies really
ultimately should be a part of whatever
final framework we have for the way that
we view people I don't think that in a
society that values individualism that
that makes any sense at all wait wait
hold on wait I don't understand what you
just said
what say that again so what does gender
abolitionism mean to you it is it is the
idea that you're going to do your best
to get rid of any sort of idea of like
gendered roles I guess I don't know if
you would really want to go with roles
but you that you would want to mitigate
to the best of your ability the role
that gender plays in society I don't
know that it's really possible to like
truly abolish it which is maybe why the
term isn't ultimately the best but like
do your best to make it go away
right for it to not be a factor in the
way people live their lives okay
would you agree with that definition
yeah I guess so sure but do you think so
then something back to my other question
is I we have to like figure this out so
you think that you have an easier time
convincing somebody to abolish the whole
concept of gender than to convince
somebody that trans people are a real
thing not to convinced you not to
convince people that trans people are
real thing I think the angle would be
more that look you don't need to
understand the way that some people
think about gender and modern society if
you can just acknowledge that there are
going to be people they do not want to
conform to any sort of genders standard
right or they're not going to want to
conform to your genders
and that should be okay for people to
live their lives in whatever way they
see fit regardless of whatever label you
want to apply to that I feel like that
would be way easier for a lot of more
right-leaning people to swallow okay I
guess I mean I I disagree and I'm no I I
guess like I don't I don't yeah I don't
know I don't feel like talking about
trans issues that way I don't feel like
that would be easier like I feel like
man's brain in a woman's body is a way
easier paradigm to understand then oh
well some people just don't believe in
gender at all that sounds like a like
that's not so hard well let's actually
so what you just said are you saying
that you definitely believe that the
brain blue brain thing is 100% true no
but I'm saying it's easier to get
somebody to buy into that concept than
the idea that like all gender is
arbitrary and fake that that's all why
are you I'm curious why you're going to
the idea of getting people to buy into
pink brain blue brain when that's not
even something that like you've been
among like trans people is something
that is necessarily well accepted yet
like I mean we do but because
conservative already worked within that
framework that men and women are
biologically different right that's a
conservative argument right right but
why would you try and make that argument
we don't have the evidence to support it
yet well we do have the evidence to
support that to some extent that trans
people's like like F MRIs or whatever
and [ __ ] like make their brains look
more like the brains of this of the
gender they identify with in the sex
that they were born as don't we isn't is
another thing or am i making that up I
got like a readout of Tommy maybe maybe
I miss something I feel like there was
one study relatively recently like
within the last year that said something
like that but they even within one of
contra points recent videos she said
that she would not say that that is
something she is convinced of yet and
that we only have preliminary studies on
the matter okay then I guess we need
more research there so like if you were
to try and engage someone right now that
is like you know in online this interest
or some dumb [ __ ] right just like an
average Joe that you ran into on the
street that was like you know I think
that you know the whole trans thing is
dumb if you knew this now that we don't
have like a very strong evidence of the
pink grain grain thing gut what what
sort of wine would you go for trying to
convince them
of you know being just even
acknowledging like the identity of
someone like a non-binary person
I don't know IIIi don't know I'll keep
this in mind for the future okay okay
like I have a really really heart I
guess like I like I've had so much
experience talking conservatives I have
this really hard time believing that if
I were like have this conversation like
oh well listen dude like all gender is
just totally arbitrary man I'm like
these are all social constructs and
there's no way that like this is like a
real thing at all and trans people just
don't follow the social constructs one
that runs counter intuitive to most
trans messaging right most trans people
don't say oh well I feel like I have no
gender at all most trans people say I
feel like identifies the opposite gender
so one you're running incredibly
contrary to a [ __ ] to what most trans
people say and then two you're totally
removing the framework through which
most conservatives understand gender
it's sex to work at all instead of just
saying like hey just swapped the brains
and now you understand it you're saying
hey abolish the whole concept of gender
which by the way most of your religion
and culture and family life are centered
on but I mean we disagree on that I
don't think will ever agree with that
point was you're gonna tell me that no
it's actually easier to commit some but
I don't see that at all like why I feel
like there's actually another angle to
talk about with that which is that in
the stuff that you just said you only
talked about trans issues right like you
didn't talk about anything related to
people that are genderqueer or that are
non-binary any because those are also
more things that you have to have I
don't know man right but like whatever
framework that we try and convince
people on shouldn't be inclusive loose
no you have to move one problem at a
time like if I was gonna try to get my
family to accept that like you know like
maybe I've got a brother that's gay I'm
not gonna say oh by the way not only
they're gay people they're pansexual
people genderqueer people but like I'm
no I'm never gonna like take on every
single issue at once that would I would
never win I would never gain any ground
anywhere ever okay I get the idea of
like trying to work in increments but
consider this right like if you were to
if you were to push this super hard on
someone like not pushes super hard on
someone but if you were to work really
hard to try and convince someone of this
idea right of just the trans aspect of
things and then like six months later
they're like hey I heard about this
thing called non buying
and they don't really seem to fit into
the framework that you talked about
what's up with that and you were like
well actually the framework that I gave
you before
is it really how I think about things
but I thought it would be easier for you
to swallow do you think they're going to
be able to trust you yes because that's
how progress yeah cuz that's how
progress on every single social issue
has ever worked unless you can think of
something to the contrary I'd be so I
can think of like I can think of like I
can think of like civil rights for black
people and then I can think of like gay
like marriage rights these are the two
examples that I'm going by if you have
an example of where we've went from one
paradigm and radically shifted to
another on any social issue I would be
super curious to hear about it well take
take a marriage as the example what how
do you feel that that it's like how do
you feel like it's analogous like in the
1800s
or the or the early 1900 if you were
saying like oh like gay people should be
able to be married and have loving
families and adopt kids it was more like
well maybe we shouldn't like you know
make sodomy you know like illegal or
maybe like the idea of being gay
shouldn't be like punishable by law and
then from there was like well maybe gay
people should be allowed to like have
relationships and it could be okay and
then from there was like well maybe
civil unions are an okay thing and then
from there was like okay maybe gay
people should be allowed to get married
and then like adopt kids in everything
like it's always like a gradual process
I mean so that's true but that's also
we're dealing with a single group of
people and then slowly giving them
rights we're not talking about giving a
single group of people rights in this
case right we're talking about separate
groups of people that we want to be able
to be accepted like or rather to be
believed about their identity right okay
okay I believe you've requirement
conversation of us I would love to see
I've like I'm very confident this could
never happen the idea of taking somebody
like my mom are taking like a standard
conservative and then getting them
instead of like like I am very confident
that I could push a conservative to
believe that trans people are real that
I can so hey some people are born with
you know there's some weird things where
people are born with whatever crazy
different [ __ ] sometimes women are born
with men brains sometimes men are born
with women brains that I could get
somebody on board with that topic and I
could actually make like make progress
there but I would be shocked if I could
ever see a conversation well you would
get like a Rush Limbaugh type to believe
in like genderqueer people from nothing
from without even believing in trans
rights together
in full-on like abolition of gender I
would never see that happening it sounds
like a most politically ineffective way
to do anything ever
I feel like Rush Limbaugh's maybe a more
extreme example than I would take
Russian was the most popular radio host
in the entire United States like I mean
maybe it's just been way too long since
I've listened to anything of this it has
right now but my my impression of him
was that he was like hiker conservative
is this not true
rush limbaugh I mean he's fairly
conservative no I would say he's like I
say he's not hyper dick he's not like
Walt lighter alright or anything I'm
sure he's just like standard like
Republican conservative okay sure
well I think the angle that I would talk
about more there is though that it seems
most intuitive to me that if you were to
present the framework under which most
people talk about trans issues right
this from a purely gender identity
perspective right it's like I am a man
or a woman not because of anything
related to my biology but I just am it
simply is and you're already in it
that's like such an extreme position
that you're already had like you're
talking to people who believe that God
created man and in the woman the in the
image of God like in his own eyes like
he's created in a certain image and
you're telling people to deny that like
fundamental part of the existence of man
like you're already like in an extreme
territory they're like hey what do you
mean people don't identify those sex
with generally God literally created us
man and woman like census sorry what do
you mean I didn't say that where are you
getting that from
it sounds like you're telling me that
like you're giving me like an argument
for why we shouldn't care about like
like the body parts you have or whatever
no no thanks okay we gimme explain what
you just said again no no when I was
with well you like kind of cut me off
mid-sentence whatever I was going to go
with it was that I feel like if you
present the framework under which we
usually talk about trans issues right
and then you later at some point tried
to transition into talking about the
framework through which most like for
example non-binary people talk about
their Antonia said that these things a
lot of you often are not compatible in
the way that people present them right
that there are aspects of it that
definitely conflict with each other and
that if in the average person that
really doesn't want to put very much
thought this sort of thing was first
convinced of for exam
trans issues and then was later tried to
you try to present the non-binary aspect
to them that they would be resentful of
the fact that they didn't so worked away
nobody's gonna nobody's gonna be
resentful like oh well first you told me
was just this and now it's this if
anything they'll be more warmed of the
ideas because they've already bought
into one thing like this is how we push
people further to the left on like
certain like social issues like or even
like a policy issues like health care
right like getting the average American
to accept like socialism you know like
50 years ago would probably be [ __ ]
impossible but you know after getting
like the ACA and after like having like
more international relations with other
countries you kind of warm up to the
idea more I mean I suppose that's true
in some extent but I also know there was
ever the idea this like I don't feel
like a lot of people well this might not
be true so I guess if you were to take
the sense that you know someone was a
democratic or a social democrat for
example right now and then you know 30
years from now they were actually
socialist and they're like you know I've
kind of changed my mind and this is sort
of how I feel about things now I feel
like you can explain those sort of
changes in mentality organically like
you can say there are reasons that my
opinion has changed over time but I feel
like if you right now are someone who
would describe yourself as a gender
abolitionist right that you acknowledge
right in this moment that the concept of
gender should probably just be done away
with for the most part that if you go
and you convince someone of you know oh
actually I believe I you know think
about things in this framework that you
don't actually believe in and then you
trying to convince them of a different
framework later that it would be more
difficult to get them to trust you I
don't think anybody thinks like that
this nobody like keeps a tab on like
positions they've been convinced of like
if somebody is like oh well I'm pushing
for 15 an hour minimum wage and then
later you're like okay cool we have this
maybe we should just move to you bi that
someone's gonna think like well hold on
you convinced me a minimum wage now you
want to do you B I don't trust your
years aligned I don't think anybody
thinks like keeps a record like that of
issues we'll take this example so I
think that you and I are is somewhere
age so you were probably late high
school early college when the whole gay
marriage thing was going on right yeah
okay so with gay marriage among
religious people something that came up
very frequently was that you had to
explain that being gay is not a choice
you said it shouldn't matter what they
want to do in the bedroom but if you
really care it's not even up to them
they don't get to make a decision about
this right so like your any argument
that you're trying to make about them
needing to change is going to be
completely fruitless because it's not
even an option right if you were to
instead now find that there was a study
that said oh actually you know sexual
orientation completely fabricated
concept who you're interested in is
actually a choice like if there was some
sort of study that could somehow prove
that although I don't think that's going
to end up being the case right then you
would have tons of people that would
come out and be like well hold on here
like a decade ago you guys were all
claiming this and it was total [ __ ]
don't ever believe the Liberals anymore
do you not think that would be the case
I mean people do this anyway like with
stuff where it's not even like proven
false I guess could you give me an
example like climate change people say
oh well the Liberals were all saying we
would die 20 years ago and we're not
dead yet so they're all alive like
people say this anyway with stuff like
didn't anybody actually say that we were
going to die 20 years ago though um
probably not but people make it up
regardless I mean I guess so you could
just assume that they're going to be
people to act in bad faith anyways to
sort of represent these arguments that
yeah but I think that's what the only
people would say this like I don't think
that like normal people gonna be like oh
well first you can you know can you
convince me of the ACA and now you're
trying to do single-payer like you're
lying about every I don't know I just
don't think people like think this way
and I don't
I really don't feel like the whole the
any sort of legislative policy is
completely analogous to this but like I
don't know I guess our experience that
they're just different in this I feel
like it my intuition is that I know I
could identify a lot of people that I've
met in my own life that would have that
sort of reaction right they would just
for whatever limited amount that you
could get them to engage with these
sorts of topics right like just to be
like you know maybe you should use the
pronouns for trans people that they want
you to use like if you just convince
them of that element and then later
presented a framework that sort of you
know said that you know well the whole
trans thing it didn't completely fit
into the framework that I really believe
in there were other elements that I
wasn't really telling you how you would
say
like I lie to you about it you would
just like try to warm them up to more
ideas I mean I I suppose that's true
right but like I do not feel like there
is going to be difficulty among this
sort of person and distinguishing the
nuance and that I don't know okay okay I
you will keep this in mind for future
conversation okay yeah sure yeah the
contrary at some point if you could I I
would really enjoy that I think you guys
would have a good conversation alright I
mean we've spoken to each other the past
but I will try to talk to her again okay
okay thanks fun right right and this guy
has an assassin
