Thayne well none let me meet the stream
and I'm sorry in advance for my anime
profile picture I'm here to talk to you
about so I watched that irish laddie x.x
kills me debate and i was really upset
because irish laddie fum questions about
market socialism and the irish rnx kills
me when i'm like a huge tangent about
how market socialism doesn't exist in
some [ __ ] made of term and i just
wanna have you like you know to worker
owned cooperative is isn't that just
like a place that's like the ownership
is shared by all the workers it's not
like an initial capital invest or
something right well there can be an
initial capital investment right but the
ownership of the company itself there's
not like a typical hierarchy of like
only like the board of directors is the
workers - yeah I'm sorry when I say
invest I mean there's not like one guy
that owns like 55 or 51 percent of the
show the company or some [ __ ] right that
it's yeah right ship is sure so so the
idea behind market socialism and like a
big proponent of democratic socialism is
the idea about it that when we
democratize the workplace right we have
essentially corporations end up becoming
these worker owned cooperative right so
you don't need a command economy you
don't need any sort of central planning
because individually these companies
operate functionally like
consequentially the same way but with
worker ownership instead of like the
capitalist hierarchy yeah an extended
that's all that's Irish ladies hope my
marker socialism right yeah but when I
watched the debate it seems like you
guys nailed them pretty hard on that
being like a pseudo command economy and
I'd like disagree in touch um I don't
thinks he must have said something
different because I aware of his
economic stance and I don't think that
um socialism necessitates a command
economy oh it might have been when I
argue with when I argue with some people
I don't like the idea that socialism is
supposed to fix things like climate
change or global warming to do that I
think you would need a command economy
um well it's okay so when if we want to
fix something like climate change global
warming what's the difference between
cuz the socialist economy can have
regulation on its market right just some
kind of capitalist coming up yeah right
yeah so but you don't it doesn't
necessitate a commander car oh yeah well
well our I'm sorry when I say regulation
or a command economy but sure about
regulation as well I guess like to be
more clear like my issue is
I think it was I want to say his son an
Irish lady but I might have been just a
son that was saying this was making it
sound like just by virtue of being
socialist having a like having like a
socialist economy would help things like
climate change and that capitalism can't
do it but I don't think that's true
especially in a market socialist economy
that like worker firms could just as
easily vote to like pollute the air and
everything just as anybody else would
absolutely but do you think that worker
forms of firms would have a more vested
interest in protecting their environment
than a capitalist owned firm when rich
capitalists would have an ability to
avoid the negative effects of climate
change whereas a more profit share
oriented worker system def they wouldn't
be able to necessarily no not at all I
think it could be just the same the part
of the problem with pollution isn't that
like firms don't care about like whether
or not they're being affected by it the
problem is that we are oftentimes not
the ones directly affected by it that's
the problem so like for instance if I
pollute the [ __ ] out of a river as long
as I live upstream from it I'm fine so
like what a worker firm that's like
working you know to [ __ ] up a river for
another firm downstream would they give
a [ __ ] you know if they can still get
clean water I don't necessarily know if
they would they don't in capitalism
right I don't know if they wouldn't
intrinsically in socialism so getting
pollution yeah
I don't like the big point of socialists
and communists to be global because we
just end up being a socialist America
exploiting the third world's labor for
normal profit means and like the same
thing would be true of climate change
right yeah I agree yeah that's why I
like a like a more federalist socialist
system would have some sort of market
regulation that would prevent that like
what is what is your big problem with
socialism like do you not believe in a
democratic workplace no I think that I
think that it could work I just don't
know if I agree the abolishment of
capital or or the abolishment of
capitalists does that make sense like I
don't think owning capital like
unilaterally it should be bad okay but
what about the means by which you derive
that capital because theoretically in
democratic workplace all the workers
could get together to vote one guy as
their CEO and they could vote to give
him a huge fat [ __ ] paycheck and then
that guy can go out and buy all the nice
cars he wants and [ __ ] right though so
he would kind of be like a capitalist he
just wouldn't have his control would be
democratic he would be earned right as
opposed to the way it is in this system
where you kind of just like trace your
lineage back who ever you know [ __ ]
over somebody else hard enough right
maybe
but I mean like right now in today's
capitalist economy I mean like you could
do all of what you're talking about
right now right if you wanted to make
like a worker collective like you can
you have the ability to do that now No
oh of course yeah and and that's what
Democratic socialists rav-4 right yeah
so if they do it I think it's awesome if
they do it and it works that's awesome
like my opinion on socialism would be
radically changed if there was like a
lot of these really successful co-ops
like if I want I have a study for you
the productivity effects of worker
participation producer cooperatives and
Western economies I'll link it to you
regardless of what so like effect yeah
yeah so regardless of what your study
says what I was all like if you link me
a city this is like oh whether 150
percent more effective my first question
about why are they more common right
they're not more common because they
don't allow for the same kind of like
capital
I don't like consolidations that a
traditional corporate structure works
for also the structure of society lends
towards building corporations in a
traditional way by making a worker
cooperative you're relying on resources
that don't necessarily exist everywhere
right plus like there's lots of
propaganda against unions much less
making cooperative right like the the
social environment is not necessarily
ripe for making worker cooperatives
right now in that way it might be harder
to create a cooperative but once it's
created and formulated it seems to have
better outcomes okay I feel like if this
was true I feel like there would be more
pushes towards making like coops I feel
like this would just be something that
people would start to gravitate towards
if they were actually more successful
now well do you agree that unions are
generally beneficial for workers and
helpful for them in many ways yeah you
recognize that there are like actors and
companies that prevent people from
forming unions and that there is like oh
yeah for sure
oh are naturally distrustful of unions
for reasons are due to American
propaganda yeah for sure well especially
in today's day and age you I don't think
it was always like that but today yeah
people should oh yeah and that same kind
of thing applies to work with
cooperatives right if you can't even
convince your co-workers to unionize how
could you convince them to take a chance
on a cooperative right well sheriff this
isn't like helping your argument then it
sounds like they need to do more like
[ __ ] public outreach or some [ __ ] I
mean oh no absolutely education outreach
is like a huge that is the problem with
cooperatives it's not like the financial
economical ramifications of cooperatives
because they seem to have good outcomes
it's the social
requirements for creating a cooperative
rights the fact that Americans aren't
very distrustful of anything that's like
socially under cooperative they're very
distrustful of like funnily enough like
democratic things like they for some
reason it seems like Americans like
having somebody to tell them what to do
right sure I mean yeah I mean if they if
they work then well no one second
[ __ ] christ I'm sorry okay thank you
god I'll link you to studying um and I
have theirs if you just google the name
of this study you can get a PDF that's
like the abstract but generally in my
opinion from what I've seen the the
reason why cooperatives aren't more
popular the reason why they aren't
everywhere is because of like like we
live in a capitalist structure right
like business schools aren't pumping out
people that talk about cooperatives
right like X kills marahau like no
serious economist believes in market
socialism because the economy there the
economics that we teach in schools is
about marginalism it's not about
socialism it's not about market
socialism it's not about Marxism right
we can go to any Business School in the
United States and they're gonna be
teaching you contemporary economics
based off the theory the theories of
marginalism which goes against socialism
right like they aren't talking about
necessarily labor theory of value even
though it's like Adam Smith in these
college classrooms and it's like when
you build a structure or a system that
pumps out corporate corporations in a in
the manner that we currently have them
well going against the norm is going to
be difficult right like the reason why
we don't have more of them is by nature
of the system sure yeah I don't I don't
have any problem with people like I mean
like like I'm whatever produces the best
outcomes history oh I'm in favor of so
like if worker cooperatives if more
education was done on them and and I and
I mean even if it even if they weren't
that good I mean educating people on
other things is good and I mean if they
were then yeah getting people to form
things like this is probably beneficial
I don't see at least in our current
economy why you wouldn't want things
like that right the things producing
goods were people at cheaper prices with
happier workers is probably a good thing
yeah yeah absolutely do you uh do you
like hate the Socialists in your
community too or just the commies just
the tanki's where's the line tanki's are
shed I really don't like I don't have a
good relationship with like labor value
theory I just I don't understand and I
don't like the idea that like the
exploitation of labor is inherent to the
transaction of like labor versus
employee or employer or
like it's necessarily like a bad thing I
don't know oh dude okay we can run down
labor theory of value like super quickly
really easy okay so labor labor theory
of value okay because we have this
dynamic where when you apply your labor
to a product that gives it some kind of
value right you understand that yeah so
the idea is is that who gets that
surplus value is the analysis of labor
theory of value Adam Smith originally
was the guy who was like this value
should be like the price like these two
things should be somewhat equal right
Marx I believe I haven't read a ton of
Marx but what if I've learned from you
know adjacent YouTube videos and
[ __ ] like that right um is that Marx
was looking at more like well we're
gonna we aren't really worried about
price we're worried about is who gets
this value right and so in our system
pretty much like a large majority of
your surplus value goes to who hired you
right
sure and so and then my issue with this
transaction is I feel like value is
created by both sides and I feel like
that's never acknowledged by lefties
well the capitalist gives you the
conditions by which to create the value
great yeah
but without the labor to be there to
actually create the value the conditions
are meaningless if I have a bunch of
wood lying around and no one to make
them into a product I just write sure
but if you've got a bunch of people
ready to cut down trees and nobody to
supply the axes they're worthless as
well right yeah absolutely but the
problem is that a laborer like they can
come together collectively to find the
axes make the axes do these things right
we're a capitalist if he can't find
anyone to work for him he's [ __ ] right
well kind of those laborers are those
laborers could be [ __ ] as well like
the laborers could get together and find
anything to do it but they're gonna be
able to do it less efficiently or less
effectively on a capitalist code well
yeah so less efficiently less
effectively absolutely right but there's
at the end of the day they can still do
it they can come together through social
ownership and like I mean if we're gonna
take that stance I mean like the
capitalist could go and work on his own
property right I mean like well yeah yes
absolutely and and everyone who looks at
it omits that the capitalist can on his
own do all that [ __ ] right that's that's
absolutely but the problem is is that
and if the capitalist did go on his own
and use these materials to make the
products like his his conditions to use
his labor to create that value that's
fine right that's not like theft or
anything but the problem is that's not
what they're doing they're using the
material conditions they possess usually
through some kind of like violence or
something
inherited means right I mean if we trace
back capitalist capitalism to its
origins its whoever had the biggest army
told other people to [ __ ] off right got
a bunch of raw materials got a bunch of
resources and made uh but I mean like
what was it who was it mouth at bait my
mouth that said meow I'm sorry wasn't it
mal the guy that was like we're gonna go
kill like literally every single [ __ ]
person that owns property and all the
[ __ ] [ __ ] that start farming in China
or some [ __ ] like then that happened as
well I mean yeah absolutely but the
problem is is like once someone has
taken something they've entrenched
themselves I mean there's yes
structurally they are like perpetuated
until like violent revolution pretty
much right I understand this yeah so the
problem is like yes absolutely you have
like these kind of violent acres on both
sides but the problem is is that one
side is like using that violence to say
well we got ours like if you want it I
mean too bad right
and so the socialists are kind of saying
like a social democrat would kind of say
well the surplus value of your labor
should be because both sides contribute
value should be divided you know evenly
or more fairly towards the worker right
you see this in like no wage increases
and ubi and [ __ ] like that right where
workers get more of their value right
but a socialist would say well the
capitalist isn't necessary for this
equation we have if we still have the
necessary conditions in which to apply
value that might have been not have been
true 100 years ago right or 200 300
years ago where you needed a capitalist
to come together to find these materials
to make the investments right that's not
really true anymore right now that we
have governments and we have like I mean
like that so like my stance on this and
maybe this is like really sock they me
Amir whatever like my stance on this is
like if we push through like performance
or education that lead people towards
creating more coops and that ends up
being like a more effective way of like
constructing our society so products are
made cheaper workers are happier people
are earning I think that would be good
like I think that would be fine if that
if that were to happen I'm like I've
heard of like employee owned stores that
give likes talking [ __ ] to employees and
whatnot and like people come together
and form businesses yeah I mean I would
have no problem with that I don't think
so I'm just not what do we like the
violent overthrow of the current system
to create something that might not work
at all and I don't know about that so
but the problem is is what do we do when
the people who own the structures who
have the structural power use that power
to prevent
like education outreach to prevent
people from
in cooperatives right his if you saw us
yeah no I understand what you're saying
my problem there then it's kind of I
think goes back to maybe like campaign
finance it seems to be a problem because
right now it seems like a lot of the
influence you have in the United States
is directly related to much money you
have not even just campaign finance to
but the ability to pay for
advertisements the ability to influence
Hollywood producers to make certain
types of media right like all of this
it's probably bad that like the profit
motive can can can further entrench you
right yeah totally agree I don't know
what the solution is for that I don't
know I wish I had a good answer but yeah
I don't I don't like that I mean I guess
the solution is in the end we have to
tackle all of these issues right same
time yeah which sucks it's a really
[ __ ] complicated I understand that
yeah all right that's all I got thanks
for talking anybody all right call I
love you better be careful
[Music]
