my name's mr. Mouton I'm fat and stupid
my name's Steve I left my kid for dead
and I ain't played with them since my
kid three weeks ago all right how's that
feels throwing them out is your best
we need more documentaries less [ __ ]
protesting to be fair I wouldn't let Dan
in my house I don't know if that makes
me a nice joke mr. Burton that's it I
have a question have you ever um message
someone on another like account like not
acting like yourself to see if they like
leak something about you um no I haven't
went why did it happen to you
I'm just curious because like you said
like you test people a lot yeah a good
idea to dry that though sometimes I send
people certain pictures or certain
things to see if I hear it from other
people though there have been a couple
things where I've heard somebody I've
heard something about me from being told
like one person and I know for a fact
exactly where came from we should just
go into the next black ops one just cold
because we threw up a get WR first
[ __ ] game there's people in you you
guys gonna watch my friend die before I
even get inside um mr. Egan guy I'm more
like mr. didn't die he's looking for
gonna flies rhymin like I said so hi
he's Ryman and his rhymes they touched
the sky because they're so good they fly
away they go to the moon and say hey
what's up mr. moon I'm looking for mr.
mutiny
um he's the Ryman tooten he's the good
one he's got the gluten in his ass here
in this day
I'm gonna die don't die don't die he's
coming for me I'm gonna go to your house
I'm gonna open the door
cuz I assume that you leave it unlocked
I'm gonna walk inside I'm gonna come to
your bed and I'm gonna get in it with
you you do that give me a big hug
no gonna get in the bed and I'm gonna
dab you huh I'm not really gonna do that
I don't know what like a really detailed
read I don't know whatever you want all
day to mask you huh whatever you play
with my mom
well I could have look sing his drama
for no reason
Oh Oh 100 I had a question
are you actually okay with three and
like tier 4 emote Salt Lake like an
emote only for them oh there's no
[ __ ] way out of here with the [ __ ]
it's just what I do guys sorry if you're
new to the stream that's just the kind
of [ __ ] that I do on the [ __ ] daily
okay no armor no real weapons huh no
attachment doesn't really matter dead a
lie okay I have a real question
I don't think Norm Macdonald Norm
Macdonald or whatever his name is Norma
Connell is funny like pretty much
whatsoever do you have a different take
on this um norm does a lot of like kind
of like sorry long-winded it's like a
typing that one off like pay off I don't
know because I don't think the jokes are
I mean the ending is like pretty funny
but I don't think it's worth like the
three four minute pay or uh well like
that's depending on the type of joke
that's like the whole point yeah is that
you're waiting so long for like a really
good payoff and the payoff is like not
good and then that's the it's funny
because it's not fun that's like yeah
are you fighting someone yeah he's up
top there's another one I hit him four
times five times that's just what I do
guys I'm so sorry I'm so sorry um you
get to pick one of those you get to pick
for mr. mittens that are [ __ ] we've all
seen your dick that was a good one there
was someone in the yeah you said yeah I
did and then you made me look away you
[ __ ] me I'm going in you guys want to
see some [ __ ] hey get your livestream
Fela clips ready okay cuz you're about
to see you're about to see what it looks
like when a [ __ ] terrorist rakes into
a house okay
we don't have to be afraid of this
anybody that close this is getting
banned in my chat I will actually Ben I
will be banning people that have made
clear I play I love the banding people
anybody that makes a cup of that I am
watching you will be Ben alright guys
we've got three designs to pick between
okay wait I know which one I won
everybody throw the derp suit two and
three yeah if you own the shirt that'll
be the only 100 duckers combo you'll
ever be involved in okay I don't I
really like to I like the way they like
the computer text looks on this design
oh you like to a lot mm-hmm no I'm just
kidding - looks like literal [ __ ] ass
I can't even believe this was a
suggestion I think one is the best okay
cool three is oh and I fail to see but
one is like I don't know we should have
a meme off to see who knows more memes
yeah why does your game still work here
huh its your game still working yeah no
it's not hold on its connection let go
holy [ __ ] all right
Lord Jesus give me a knife not a guy
right in front of me he's gonna get in
before them I'm down
[Laughter]
you know where he's near me maybe in the
middle why am i sexy the bathroom and
that Twitter thing they got posted today
with a transgender been going through
for the military somebody was standing
yeah somebody was standing with a sign
well the supreme courts were bringing it
but it's instated right now somebody was
standing with a sign that said like this
is like hate against trans there's no
good reason to keep transgenders out of
the military oh man see ya ladies and
gentlemen we got him
[ __ ] transphobes spotted that big-ass
piece of [ __ ] transfer right ready yeah
I didn't even know I could miss some big
shots and they were shooting at people
over here I don't know if they kill them
or not hope no problem I see him up
there I'm healing it so yelling
oh you're not actually looking at the
window I'm ready to go running oh he'll
run into he'll run in he'll I downed him
okay I'm gonna go in and I'm dead
what the other guy go wait he's not dead
he's right here you [ __ ] idiot finaid
comes I'm jumping out the window he's on
the right side of this come on give it
to me Steve Steven to be good
give it to me like you did over in the
hood give it to me straight
give it to me tough one to the left left
behind the tree I see someone top of the
roof don't say man nice I think I'm in
clear
run it run it back don't get down again
if you're down if you're down either
you're dead okay we're gonna have to
like run it in hard ready dip to the
line he'll ready go run run go
yeah I've been running shotguns out
orange no I think we should or should we
we have to make a decision - I can
adjust down here near the retaining wall
[ __ ] up - okay I'm just gonna go chill
it this one so you're like right next to
them I'm coming to kill you if you think
you can
I don't see my fear I know two dead
bunnies huge yellow dead bodies yeah
there's where you gonna chat from
outside no completely outside the
building in Northeast I'm inside now
they have a dot so you ready we're gonna
have to go on a fika like go careful
wait you hear stuff set up yeah you want
to jump out yeah we can go go no oh can
i Gilligan don't you ever not to the
left there's a thing do it oh my god
didn't mean to do that
oh I gotta go
[Music]
you
