okay so something that I've said for a
long time that I I don't know if you
guys ever believe me I can't tell what
you guys believe anymore
I sent multiple times at me an asana
ryebeck there's a very different ways
trying to say one is better than the
other I mean if we're being honest with
ourselves I obviously think my way is
better than others because the way that
I use right those other people can
believe that their ways are better
because it's the ones that they use and
do we have an argument about which way
is superior I feel like I would win that
argument obviously because I use my
system but we um obviously we have like
pretty fundamental disagreements on how
to approach things like making arguments
I guess my baby yeah we have these
fundamental different different ways
that we approach those I think if based
on what I've seen in the debate so far
and based on my history of things I have
I think I lean towards I think I lean
towards Bernie Sanders and a little bit
Elizabeth Warren right now I think
that's you let him get away with so much
more than you would anyone else during
arguments well not really when we're
actually having an argument I usually
don't want to get away with anything
but obviously that notes everything
becoming very frustrated understandably
so I guess but the yesterday I gave a
yesterday I talked a little bit about
having like about having respect for
yourself and how sometimes I worry that
believe it or not I'm pretty aggressive
online I'm pretty aggressive towards
people that I disagree with but for
people that I consider acquaintances
sometimes I look I'm disrespect me a
little bit too much and I try not to
call it out I know that I can be
intimidating I know that people can get
frustrated with me so I try to give like
a lot of leeway to get a person like
okay sure I can be like really obnoxious
I can be really frustrating I understand
why you might feel I need to say that
but like it's some point I have to take
a step back and see like okay well my
interactions with a certain for example
say I saw my interactions with a son
have I really like what's like what are
someone like the worst things I've said
this on and when I think about that
equating him to like a Bernie bro
and then now understanding what the
worst definition of Bernie bro is if it
was pretty bad to say that he had like
birdie bro thinking like thoughts
whatever look I will say I legitimately
didn't know
that Bernie bro meant misogynistic I did
not know that before I could've called
myself a pretty bro before and I've seen
other people nautica senator but I mean
all can see that that like regardless of
what I feel that it could be it could
land that way that when I when I call
when I say that as long as I feel like a
Bernie bro whatever that he's that he's
like massage it maybe that's like the
worst maybe it's like the worst
interpretation at worst reading ain't
get a bet so I can understand that but
like aside from that I don't think I
usually like I don't think I ever have
ever had hummed a song before it's
possible that I have I mean but I don't
think I ever have before I don't think
I've ever said like uh some you know
obviously because you're so pretty that
makes you a dumb [ __ ] or maybe your dog
is I don't I don't even know how with
you I know it's just something my mind
works these days I don't usually think
of it that way but um what I think about
when I think about like the counter I
feel like he didn't like the larper
thing I mean I understand not liking a
larper thing but in the context of that
conversation I'll stand by it right when
you say like I'd rather go into the
woods then vote for a Biden over Trump I
mean you sound like a larper it's a
pretty privileged position to have and
I'll stand by that comfort I'll stand by
that comment as well like it's a
privileged position it absolutely is
maybe when you said he was she's in the
race realist reasoning I mean he was
I'll stand by that as well that when we
go through you when you have 20 points
supporting an argument and then you and
we keep going point by point by point at
every point mile it's kind of falling
over and then you want to keep going
back to the overall I guess it'll hold
on we're not there going point by point
and it's not working so like we can't
keep retreating to the broader argument
while all of your individual points seem
to not stand on their own merit right
it's not good to keep retreating to that
broader picture is something that I
usually encounter in conservatives
although it may be because I debate
conservatives generally or I have in the
past more than most
although said my eyeballs came up there
we go
yeah I'd never call this I'm morally
lucky I've never said that that's
something that Ram has done but I mean
that's but anyway yeah but then when I
flip it around and I look at kind of
like how like because I come away from a
lot of these conversations feeling bad
about my community's treatment of a son
but then when I try to like flip it and
then I look at it from the other point
of view like over the past like well
actually just yesterday I think his son
levied almost every single criticism at
me that I've ever gotten from like
people that I debate that like 4chan has
made a graph of me from like like
literally I mean like here is here is
like here's one of the most I've voted
comments on a recent poster my son
separated about me a lot of these things
have stopped said to be yesterday and I
mean tragically if I would have just
read this quote to you and ask you does
this come from if this if this comes
from like a lefty community or like
literally 4chan you wouldn't be able to
tell destiny is really revealing why so
many people hate him this point on this
past couple of weeks he's slimy he'll
change his stances for whoever he's
arguing he also has a huge tough when
he's losing an argument he started
saying sure or he starts bad haami his
opponent by saying their views sound a
lot like X ideology than his opponent
doesn't like I don't know going on with
the post truth means we just read but
it's very interesting that like somebody
would make that comment about me but I
just say sure I feel like I'm losing an
argument when the son literally did that
on every point we brought up yesterday's
like ok fine you win and then North to
one it's very interesting that like that
is the content that pers would make that
comment after that conversation that's
crazy to me it almost feels like
gaslighting but I'm gonna have I think I
have a good in a fur collection of what
happened to to avoid falling into that
trap he feels he you don't take him
serious on any topic and are being
dismissive to him Bernie bro on the one
top he feels knowledgeable on but I
don't know abroad sure and I and that's
when I conceded that I said that maybe
my criticisms of Hassan about him really
liking about him really hating Biden
maybe those were unfair right so so real
quick let me preface this with if you
tell me something and I start to
research it and I find out that it's a
lie today very hard for me to believe
anything you say it's why I try to be
like people say that I'm not humble
ever that I'm arrogant or whatever I'm
incredibly humble in my online discourse
if you come on and you [ __ ] tell me a
bold-faced [ __ ] lie and I don't know
enough about it to know they're wrong
I'll usually just give you the point
that's why I look out kolinsky walk
through this absolutely [ __ ] stupid
NAFTA arguments even though I was pretty
sure I was right he was so confident in
the dumb [ __ ] he was saying I let him I
let him have something okay sure I'll go
back and I'll research it or whatever
I'll let people do that oftentimes it's
why we had a second debate with Nick
Fuentes right rather than screaming it
on the entire face peeling off your
rocker foam it was like okay I don't
understand I'm not backing a look at
this you know same thing with Ryan
awesome I'll typically or same thing
with John 11 they'll do this with people
I feel like you if you know more than me
okay Cheryl I'll be humble all can see
that I'll go back and I'll do my reading
and I'm either gonna adopt your position
or all have better arguments next time I
think I'd do that really well
so with that with that in mind when I've
seen some of the arguments that I saw is
put forth about Biden it made me feel
really not good because I feel like they
didn't really stand up when I looked at
them and then when I brought that up you
know people all everybody got rear this
is Hasan's job is what the young turks
do how do you dare you say this when
Assad knows everything about policy and
you don't know anything you all you do
is play video games you're too lazy to
read books and follow along it's like
okay fine I understand that it's kind of
an it's kind of a dick move for me to
find a few things for a psalm it's wrong
about and then think maybe he's wrong
about everything so I won't make that
criticism with him again I'll be more
thorough the next time I do it I'll
actually look into like a thing so
that's why when I was on the plane two
days ago I was like okay well let's go
ahead and watch this whole video on
Carla Harris more research every single
claim so instead of not taking him
seriously being dismissive I took it
very seriously okay well let's go do a
bunch of reading figure out what's true
or false and when I came one from that
video is like oh okay well holy [ __ ]
this is not good
and even like I've heard this criticism
levied at the Young Turks before quite a
bit and I try not to I don't try to go
by like what length of general whatever
is going okay I liked it I usually like
to make these decisions myself I usually
like to like see enough stuff to get
like a kind of a good opinion and then
I'll maybe all this is what I feel say
what it's usually how I liked it fresh
things it's not like I've heard this
idea that a lot of the people in the
yoga Turks are literally like Bernie or
bust which is I can see arguments for
that but then that mentality
from Bernie Bernie or bust / - let us
relentlessly [ __ ] on every other let us
relentlessly [ __ ] on every other
Democratic candidate even if like the
stuff we're making up as like Hassan
thinks you were biased in your research
because of you wanting to be correct I
mean when you call somebody biased
because you have no sources you pull all
of your arguments from a Twitter threat
and you have no idea what the [ __ ]
you're talking about makes me feel
pretty [ __ ] right like I'm not trying to
I'm not trying to like be an [ __ ] but
like that's a huge dick move to do right
you understand that right like you can
say like oh well this is what I do for a
living no this is what I do for a living
okay
like putting out videos on YouTube to
talk about your favorite Democratic
Canada law there's a lot different than
like you know being online and argue
your points in front of people
consistently which is what I do
I'm not saying one is better what it's
worse but like this is to some extent
what I do is researching points to have
arguments with people so that I can make
sure that I am the most correct on the
point or that's my goal right you don't
have to do that with a youtube video and
a YouTube video nobody's calling you out
of here at correct yeah there in the
comment section but nobody [ __ ]
responds to YouTube comments so like to
sit there and say like oh well you
rabbis with your research you know when
I'm responding with articles that I'm
linking in and I think I posted the
pastebin yesterday and to be fair this
was like napkin math research okay I did
this in like 45 minutes on a plane you
know flying from France to Sweden so I
mean like so you know I so it feels a
little bit [ __ ] for somebody that is
like you know how many times I didn't
you call the police the Gestapo you know
to say that I'm the one being biased and
I researched looks like okay well you
can't just call me bias that you have to
actually like provide a counter-argument
it's not enough to say that I'm biased
you have to put forth information at
contradicts mine you know
but anyway with that thought in mind I
don't know how I feel about this idea
that like the young make heard there are
certain people that literally only want
Burnie and they're just gonna
relentlessly showing everybody else
whether it's true or false oh yeah and
I'm not gonna lie yikes I'm not trying
to be like too mean here but like here's
a video that we got yesterday that's
somebody linked me response to the
[ __ ] destiny meme where he's like
saying I like it when he debate people
on the right because they suck but I
hate it when you apply the same
criticism to the left I probably should
have followed that up by saying you know
debates are just for it purely for
entertainment and yes you shouldn't
[ __ ] you shouldn't do the same kind
of shitty argumentative tactics that you
apply to the right which I applaud when
you're trying to debate people on the
left which you agree with because
debates are all about rhetoric and not
about substance that that's like to hear
that is like very frustrating to me
because I am explicitly I don't if
you've watched my stream for a year
you've heard me say this at least thirty
times and I would bet my life on it okay
I have explicitly stated multiple times
I do not argue rhetoric I do not give a
[ __ ] I do not engage in persuasive
speech I am NOT a persuader three I
don't appeal to narratives when I make
my arguments I never ever ever do these
things I don't care I just go for what I
feel feel the most fact week's arguments
are it's what I do and this idea that
like when I argue with people on the
right I'm intentionally being
disingenuous and then I should save that
for the right and not that's that's but
that's it like you that you realize you
must realize that you've pretty much
taken like all of the political work
I've done political work over the past
like three or four years and said that
it's like you know the equivalent of
just like being the ben shapiro villa
just [ __ ] on people on the right
using logical fallacies you know
so okay so I'm not sure if this is a
Hasan fanboy or not to say that he did
have counters to you is completely
disingenuous though he legitimately knew
more than you regarding the donations
argument you did actually try to confuse
him with numbers regarding amounts of
small donors he's studying they
basically arguing semantics so I'm
really close to just instantly
permabanning people that say arguing
semantics because I feel like most of
the people saying this are either too
stupid to have these conversations or
arguing in bad faith it's really
frustrating me if you don't want to get
banned in the future I would highly
suggest avoiding those kinds of
conversations okay or those kinds of
topic comments don't say semantics it
makes me feel like what you're really
saying is like [ __ ] testing you count my
point I kind of feel like it's just
semantics though on one of the
conversation really triggers the [ __ ]
kind of me one number two he didn't
really have counters for the donation
stuff he was very confused by it it was
very obvious and talking to him that it
was very obviously talking to him that
he pulled that from a headband he didn't
understand anything that I was actually
talking about now
I didn't know anything about the
donations and I admitted that as where's
my conversation I never said in that I
never said in that topic like who you're
lying about the burning stuff or well I
actually know that Carla Harris has more
a small donation but I didn't know I
would generally did I don't currently
people posted some stuff on Reddit
yesterday someone which is still a
little confusing just go the way that I
was worked but it looks like Ronnie does
have more small donors to him and the
khamel Harris does have more like larger
donors that does seem to be true I was
just pointing out that like looking at
one or two like stats doesn't really
tell you much you can't just say like oh
well 92% of that guys donate
contributions came from rich donors well
what does that mean do you mean like 92%
of people that donated a rich that most
of them and if they're holding is from
rich people like is that even a good
metric by which to view people you know
if like a million people donate $1 to
you and then to two people donate a
million dollars - which doesn't organs
are controversial it's going in that
case like like what are these statements
actually that's all I was saying it's
always plenty I don't know I didn't
actually know the internet but it sound
was the one that wanted to pivot into
the contribution stuff like super hard I
wish his question his methodology but I
didn't have like a stake in that fight I
wasn't trying to confuse him maybe it
sounds that way when I bring up
questions maybe that's sounds like
trying to confuse you but when you say
things like that it makes me feel like
you're emotionally loading a [ __ ] out of
your language like what if I asked you a
question on your position
you just try to confuse me well no I'm
just saying you understand what the [ __ ]
you're telling me I don't have to know
the answer there cuz askin question you
should be able to answer the question
and if it bothers you when people asked
for clarification on a statement you
give it or bobbles you might give a stir
to explain a position you feel like
they're trying to trick you or try to
get you that onion I don't know I don't
know what to tell you I don't think yeah
I don't know I don't know I don't know
if to say to you does it annoy you when
he can praise you to ben shapiro
um i really answer that question because
it's kind of rude but i don't really
care
let's just say that do you think having
serious conversations offline would
affect anything well I mean like no
really and also feels kind of dumb to
like somebody like ad Holmes you like
pretty viciously like multiple times and
it's like like it well I need to go
offline and solve this with him like I
mean I kind of already did that the last
time that we had a disagreement like
this it's really funny because there's a
really uploaded comment on my thread
though it seems like imagine destiny
ever apologizing for anything blah blah
blah the last time that we had like a
big disagreement on this kind of stuff
on June 27th I send them a message
unprovoked I sent him a message and I
said I think I don't really see you talk
to your chat at all so I guess this him
you never mention it but I've had a ton
of people tell me that you do talk about
it this isn't a reference to people like
going pretty hard on me I said I just
don't ever see it so I made some bad
assumptions that's on me sorry and yeah
I definitely see how if I Underminer do
that how I undermine and D legitimize a
lot of what you say I'll do a better job
in the future addressing appoints more
honestly without letting the chat romney
up too much so i sent that message to a
like completely unprovoked saw like i
made like I feel like I made a pretty
good faith effort to like reach out and
like you know hey like I understand how
ideal legitimize you yeah I'll do better
drum looking in all your arguments next
time and I'll you know I'll try not to
undermine you so much right but um
destiny didn't you say something talking
about donation numbers when you said
Bernie had more of Max donators than
Harris oh because somebody in chat was
linking the FEC [ __ ] saying that that
seems to be true
and then I was just quitting that person
I mean I'm not sure if it was turnout
but has on doesn't seem to know either
and he was the one making the claims but
at the end of the day but like I get
like look like that conversation was
more or less like me asking questions
but like look how it's not actually like
switches his position when new facts are
presented this is the reason why and
maybe I should I don't want any like
pointing this out because I feel like it
it's also gonna plank gotchas in the
middle of a debate I'm not trying to
thank gotchas but did you notice how
it's not actually switched his position
on that when I
stated that fact which may be so many
childs lying but like before I think
before his position was that Kamala
Harris was corrupt because she had more
big-time donators and because their
track record didn't prove anything even
though the tracker could stuff we
brought us are harder to fall apart but
when I brought up well hold on Bernie
has like 8,000 people that next I just
can't find any financial contributions
he switched immediately he said well
hold on that's because Bernie has like a
lot of crazy supporters it's like wait
hold on what did you just totally change
your position on this like ah like well
I will so does that not matter that like
that you know I don't know that I find
it really hard to believe he'd let her
sound get away with as much as he does
if he was the right love talking to you
about you but you found a fact in the
chat without knowing if it was true it
was gotcha I mean the guy that posted it
though I think it was average Pope guy I
mean I've seen it him post a lobster
before anything's pretty smart I usually
trust him
I'm waiting folks stuff I'll usually
take it but like if it's wrong Assad
should know do you understand like it's
his argument I don't know I don't know I
said you may be trying to think gotcha
is like if somebody excessing it's
incorrect and I call it out I don't know
he calls because I'm gonna like a gotcha
or not but destiny I thought he was
memeing when he said that Bernie has a
lot of crazies donating [ __ ] tons okay
yeah but now do you see how we're
starting to play like the crypto-fascist
game I don't mean to make that sound so
accusatory but like now it's not just
been like tweeting dumb [ __ ] at me he
was agreeing with some of my absurd
hypotheticals in chat era when we were
talking and now people like oh well he
was just naming like that well he was
just joking there's I was like oh hold
on
when it's off to something the police
should do nothing and let kids die and
he says he's just joking I mean is it a
joke with all the rhetoric and his tanky
community is it like all cops are
bastards and all cops are people who
like I don't know if that feels like a
joke at that point I mean like
definitely it feels like the alt-right
tactical like well this is just a joke
what is it I don't know it's pretty hard
for me to tell at this point like I feel
like you can't hide behind memes
everything like I criticized the [ __ ]
out of the right for doing that like why
would I let somebody slip that through
and a debate with me like we should fire
drivers look like this on a bullet might
not this is a proper introversion nice
nice to all them cats
good good contribution
I think the discussion got off to a bad
start
I sound less on the defensive and things
got a little bit more combative I think
it could have gone differently if the
discussion was set up differently I I
almost want to commission a video from
you and challenge you on that point
I disagree hardcore though but I'm my
own observer I could be biased to my own
facts but I hardcore disagree I was in a
room where I had to be very quiet I feel
like I started the conversation off very
polite I feel like he was interrupting
me cutting me off and talking over me
far more than I talked over him and I
don't feel like I started in on being
rude or at home anywhere near as much as
he did and I think I if I was doing it
it was like two hours after he'd started
it so I actually hardcore disagree I
totally disagree I think that I had like
the kid Goliath gloves on as much as
possible for that conversation I think I
was being very very very gentle I think
I was being very gentle with him in that
conversation I would be shocked if
somebody released a compilation where I
was the one cutting him off interrupting
him more than anybody else destiny you
started off the conversation with I
disagree with everything in this video
is that is that your idea of being like
ultra confrontational is saying I
disagree with everything this bit I
guess if that's here you guys would
leave I mean like if you Jenner if you
Jenny to believe that that's like highly
confrontational that you would laugh if
somebody on the right started a
conversation off with me that way
do you understand like a blanket if I
had a conversation with like the Sinatra
guy or jontron or somebody and I was
like hey like I disagree in lost
everything this fear and the guys like
wag being some attackee
like you guys would all be laughing but
how is that a tacky is you're saying you
disagree with your points but I guess
it's at somebody you agree with maybe
you feel like it's a little bit more
confrontational but I think I I think I
practice an extreme level of patience
during that debate I almost want a
commission
I'll pay like maybe $500 for somebody to
make like a full analysis like who
talked the most who interrupted who who
cut off like I'm actually like I'm
actually super curious and I think I
really am curious because I think would
be good for a lot of you guys where like
if you felt like if you felt like I was
the one interrupting most of the time
you feel like I was the one that was
being like more aggressive whenever I
was making most of the rude comments but
maybe it can be a good time for like
self-reflection or it's like well
[ __ ] maybe I actually did give a lot of
leeway to people that I agree with and
I'm not actually it's noticing like kind
of these problematic behaviors but must
have something that I disagree with you
know but you know maybe a conversation
will this time to be more productive you
and I son could calm down a bit
yeah I'm sorry I know I'm not gonna let
I'm sorry well you can think that but
I'm not gonna let people both sides this
one I think that I approach that debate
in an incredibly calm and patient manner
I think that I was super understanding
and if this was somebody on the right I
think you guys would have expected me to
go off a million times more I really
disagree with that characterization of
that conversation I think that I was
incredibly calm and patient in that
conversation I don't know if I can ever
get just have you seen this where this
[ __ ] problem the main problem is
underfunding which you know and you
agree yep but we both agreed that calmly
Harris can't do anything about that yes
including no no anything let's say let's
say something about sure so let's say
that um opiate addiction is a problem
right opiate addiction is a gigantic
problem in this country it's an epidemic
should Kamala Harris lock up [ __ ]
people for opiate addiction if the
ultimate result is that these people in
jail will get proper treatment and in
the form of like I don't know they'll
still have their freedoms removed but
ultimately they're still getting treated
in jail
they're pretty solid they're putting
into their be put in solitary
confinement but hey they don't have
heroin in their system anymore that's a
win for me I'm Stephen bottle I think
that that's a good situation not let's
not deal with it from a form of like
leniency in regards to the DEA and then
and then focusing on rehabilitative
programs which a lot of progressive DA's
do or if what you just said like North
Canada police officers let's just tell
them because ultimately if less people
are doing here on the street that's good
for me if homelessness let's not let's
not [ __ ] focus on let's not focus on
like building sustainable public housing
for homeless people let's just [ __ ]
throw them in jail
because ultimately there will be a
shelter over their [ __ ] heads won
that argument - okay you were telling it
what this da analogy did I mean it ends
justify the means destiny why are we
doing that because of every example you
gave the end is bad and my example the
end is good I don't know how you can't
understand the difference between the
end is the same still the end is the
same let children to go to school yeah
yeah he said it's positive over
headphones but whatever okay well I'm
gonna do I'll play one way I'm gonna
play one more quick game and then I'm
gonna let go this topic even though I
really should go hard on this but I
don't know I just feel like the drama so
somebody in chat Sprott up after the
Kamala Harris thing Stephanie in chat
was my front up hey you should look into
how he treats Pete too because it seems
like he's really unfair now like okay so
are you saying that like every is it
like every single like person that's not
Bernie Sanders you know is that who
these people go hard on and so I you
know I looked up like I think I looked
up ass on [ __ ] and then Pete and I just
got the first video that comes up and
this is and this is what we will have to
up with I'm gonna be honest with you I
watched this up to three minutes and I
had to stop because well I shouldn't say
anything we'll just watch how many
languages do you speak it depends what
you mean by speak so I've gotten pretty
rusty in my Arabic and my dari which
picked up dari on my way to Afghanistan
I can still kind of read a newspaper in
Norwegian but slowly slowly ah finally
an intellectual who's capable of forming
coherent thoughts it will debate
everyone into the ground the living
breathing embodiment of it or I am very
smart post yes today I'm talking about
the candidate who captivates my college
educated white liberal friends Pete go
to Jay judge Pete boot it but shhh booty
checked booty judge okay it's really
hard to say this news last name now
moody judge has been the talk of the
town especially in DC media circles as
the Wizard mayor from South Bend who can
speak seven languages who fought in
Afghanistan and is really super smart I
mean have I mentioned he can speak like
seven languages Georgia Sweet Pea pretty
judge this happened in the other
but it's rather shocking to me that even
in a post trump era liberals would still
rather live in an Aaron Sorkin TV show
than face the cold hard reality that
politics isn't about who's the rightest
brightest or bestest it's about
distribution of power and wielding as
much of it as you can by any means
necessary
you know what's definitely not necessary
for that goal being a brain genius we
appreciate it very much Tim Appel so I
kind of understand before we get to
photos I kind of understand the I think
I understand the argument of being
really charitable like the idea that
like just being smart isn't enough to
win
you know debates or to win you know
political elections but man this comes
off as like ultra like anti academic
anti intellectual like it feels real bad
to listen to this but I mean this diaper
baby was able to successfully spear dick
gigantic tax cuts for corporations in
the world evolve systematically
dismantling federal institutions from
within all while enforcing white
nativist immigration policies to silence
the plebs Trump didn't achieve any of
this through wit and rigorous debate and
he certainly didn't do it through
compromise he did it because he was able
to push well-defined goals and had a
party that read the writing on the wall
which was racism and immediately gave
him the necessary structural support to
continue pushing the Republican agenda
so yes while I love that Pete is very
smart being smart isn't gonna help the
Democrats win and even if it did would
you rather have someone who's smart or
someone who will have your best
interests at heart that's such a weird
dichotomy to draw so smart person can't
have the your best interests at heart
the situation that's such a strange way
to frame that unless like what we're
really saying is it would you rather
have somebody who's smart or Bernie
Sanders I don't know if that's a really
strange way to frame that
a common theme I've noticed amongst
booty heads beats fans is their
inability to identify a single I'm a
little upset too they he'll engage in
that like when I say Bernie bros I'm
pretty sure so I got pretty upset words
are just his community but now we have
booty heads amongst booty heads beats
fans is their inability to identify a
single policy position he has and
probably because Pete won't talk about
them he's anti policy which isn't
necessarily a bad thing as long as
you're addressing what the people need
or at the very least giving voice to the
anxieties that they feel he just kind of
brushes past all of that with vague
generalizations aside from the few
notable exceptions and then immediately
hits the centrist return to normalcy
attitude you see from people like butt
or orc who think the country is more
interested in patching things up with
the other side and having a truly
representative governing body that
brings us health care and free college
which mr. Harvard's Rhodes scholar has
called elitist so this is actually when
I when I saw this quote I actually I
tried to research this and then I turned
off the video this is actually so
insanely disingenuous I actually can't
believe it
no so I'm inviting all of Chad right now
you I have to be fair I think I looked
this up before for me to bend listen I
spent a total of like five minutes
googling around to try to find this but
like this is literal like total is this
100% [ __ ] propaganda so his
statement right here that uh mr.
Harvard's Rhodes Scholar has body that
brings us healthcare in free college
which mr. Harvard's Rhodes scholar has
called elitist
oh also so what is this idea that he
doesn't want to fund free college or
whatever so the quote that he has on the
screen is Americans who have a college
degree earned more than Americans who
don't he said as a progressive I have a
hard time getting my head around the
idea of a majority who earned less
because they didn't go to college
subsidizing a minority her and more
because they did that's a very fair
argument and it's one that I brought up
as well when I criticized the idea of
making college free college probably
shouldn't be free because why would you
want to subsidize the education of
millionaires it should probably be
scaled to income so whether this means
free college for low income people in
the form of Pell grants or tuition
assistance two things that keep supports
expanding which is good
whether that comes in some form of
pre-college were just targeted at
low-income people that's probably a good
thing we probably don't want to um we
probably don't want to UM to fully make
College free because if you're from a
family that's making millions of dollars
probably don't need it subsidized you
know I don't know I this is like this is
like so disingenuous to me with this
first quote did it I didn't even want to
continue the the video because I felt
like it was just gonna be like a whole
video of this [ __ ] again
so somebody just linked somebody
enchanters linked
what was supposedly the first result
literally the first thing and I and this
is the same link that I read so I don't
know if you just found this you liked it
real quick to all meet without reading
it but I'll read the link for you that
you link to me
Buddha gig a Harvard University graduate
on the son of two University of Notre
Dame professors said in an appearance at
Northeastern University Wednesday that
he believed in making college
dramatically more affordable by
expanding Pell grants and incentivizing
states to spend more on higher education
higher education but he stopped short of
supporting a universal program to
address college affordability and then
he goes on to say Americans who have a
college degree earned more than
Americans who don't he said as a
progressive I have a hard time getting
my idea around the idea of the majority
who earned less because they didn't go
to college
subsidizing a minority who earned more
because they did that's a fair point and
that's a far cry from he thinks that
most people shouldn't go to college that
was a horrible characterization of his
point it is actually so incredibly
dishonest I actually couldn't believe it
I thought my Michael was that um I
thought when I was gonna read it that he
was basically gonna say like oh well
students should be able to pay back
their debt or you know we shouldn't
subsidize college because the markets
won't support it I thought that was what
I was gonna do it was gonna fine but his
position Pete's position of that is
pretty reasonable the idea that we're
gonna make all college education free
and then we're gonna tax maybe like a
carpenter or an electrician that's
making seventy or eighty thousand a year
to pay for the education of somebody go
to college he's gonna go on to out earn
him that's a pretty fair statement it
feels pretty regressive now you could
disagree with that
sure and you could argue that well maybe
this will give more people who are
carpenters who would it become
carpenters the ability to go to college
that's a that's a fair counter-argument
but still his position here is a far cry
from we should fund higher education
because it's elitist that's a horrible
miscarriage
nation of what he said could you replay
what his son said about this sure it's
like a little quip here but burning body
that brings us held care in free college
which mister Harvard's Rhodes scholar
has called elitist oh also why can trick
people get free higher education we
don't have to subsidize things for rich
Kim believes they can afford it do you
understand like the money should go to
where it needs to go we don't have
infinite money if I want to send my kids
in private school next year not next
year but if I want some I could to
Creighton Prep which is a high school
that I went to all have to be about
fifteen thousand dollars a year
okay to send him to private to private
high school there are other people that
are gonna be sending their children to
private high school these people might
make you know maybe fifty sixty seventy
thousand a year if there's tuition
assistance it should go to those people
right I made three hundred thousand
dollars last year
I don't need taxpayer money so that I
can send my kid to school but I'll [ __ ]
why would you subsidize so what so I can
spend my money on what like another car
or or so I can go and fly around the
world more like why would you give me
taxpayer money for me to send my kid to
school I can afford it I don't need your
subsidies for that but and I think
that's a I think that is an incredibly
fair argument against the idea of
universally subsidizing education right
the onus should be on me to pay for my
child's education I don't need the state
to do it I make enough money to do it on
my own you know
Hogan is does anyone's plan even go as
far as to subsidize the rich for college
or is it just a thing you say that
you're completely taking on its merits
without checking like the Harris school
a dentist it says oh [ __ ] I think it
didn't want a super triggered by the
calm oh [ __ ] I'll let you chill out
putting the argument for universal is a
political one not a policy one maybe
destiny talking from the perspective of
a well-off person I don't know what you
mean
destiny the taxation disproportionately
affects people of higher income I don't
care if the taxation disproportionately
affects higher income people it
shouldn't affect lower income people at
all if you're making seventy thousand
dollars a year
none of your tax money ever should be
going towards paying for the education
of somebody that makes a million dollars
if you understand that it's not like a
pretty doesn't it's not a progressive
thing we're like oh well if you're only
making fifty sixty K you're a much
smaller percentage of your money is
going to no it should be no money
somebody that's making fifty or sixty
thousand shouldn't have any of their tax
money be going to subsidize the
education of somebody who's coming from
a multi-million dollar family just
shouldn't at all doesn't and again
people chatter saying the rich would
still overwhelmingly pay
it doesn't matter it's overwhelming it
you shouldn't be set up that way if you
come from a wealthy family then you
probably shouldn't get a subsidy in your
education I don't think that's a
controversial decision yeah I don't know
Bernie's tax for free college does not
affect middle-class people at all if
only taxes high-stakes Wall Street
speculation even if it does I don't I
can't tell if it's Bernie fanboys in my
own check I know what understand what's
so controversial about me saying if
you're a billionaire you should be able
to pay for your kids college is I'm
sorry is that actually :
will we maybe we need a Paul I don't
understand what we're Chad's hands that
hold on I'm super curious should we
subsidize the education of children of
millionaires yes
no make the rich pay for it through
taxes on Wall Street it wouldn't be us
paying for it they still would be I mean
okay
even if I grant you that even if I grant
you that that probably wouldn't be a
position than that Pete wouldn't
necessarily disagree but even if it was
a position he would disagree do you
still understand that how he frames his
position on this is a far cry from he
doesn't want people to go to college
because he thinks that would be elitist
do you understand that
like we could sit here and argue okay
hold on oh my god okay I'm not attacking
Bernie's position at all
if Bernie plans to pay for universal
college or whatever it was it's
speculation and Wall Street tags I don't
even know no [ __ ] word but let's say
that he does that I'm probably okay with
that sure [ __ ] I just realize that I
just minded I'm arguing it's a [ __ ]
strumming because you guys are so
[ __ ] stupid okay
if Bernie wants to pay for college
education that way with a speculative
tax that would only impact the richest
people then that's probably fine I don't
think I have a problem at I'm not
arguing against that right but Pete's
not saying that college is only for
elite people which is my principal
argument right country is more
interested in patching things up with
the other side and if governing body
that brings us health care and free
college which mr. Harvard's Rhodes
Scholar has called elitist
does that make sense so even if Bernie's
plan is good which sounds fine right
okay yeah all right sorry I'm not
arguing against Bernie when I whenever I
point out that people are unfairly
attacking other politicians somehow
people always interpret this as an
argument against Bernie which is very
strangely and I just found myself
arguing of something I don't even
disagree with because why because you
get fun my had so much without me you're
[ __ ] [ __ ] anyway yeah just look at
his issues page extremely progressive
this whole fiasco is just Bernie or bust
maybe yeah I I haven't actually live in
Depew space I just looked at that one
thing to see if like to see if Pete
actually did a poll it's like expanding
funding for colleges or anything I
couldn't find anything on it other than
that one quote where he pretty much says
he doesn't feel like funding free
college using middle-class taxpayer
dollars a good thing which is not a
horrible statement we get there are
better ways to do it but that's a far
cry from like being an elitist to things
people shouldn't get college education
that's absolutely [ __ ] insane to me
obviously her militants that attitude is
something that I don't agree with but
her pro-military attitude is something
that I take issue with but but like she
is going to be ineffective I thought oh
god I just obvious no other choice but
to vote for that awesome policies that
everyone simply has no other choice but
to vote for that is not the pragmatic
solution that is the idealistic naivete
of liberals who think that we need to
work within the system to actually enact
change there will be no significant
change in this country that will restore
dignity the American labor force without
direct action at every [ __ ] step of
the goddamn way for low income families
we must make public educate we must make
public college truly debt-free direct
quote from Pete site sure yeah I don't
know that's like well as soon as I saw
that I was like I don't know what the
rest of this video is maybe there are
better attacks on Pete in this video but
that first quote was like so
horrendously was so horrendously
disingenuous it's like no [ __ ] away
what's the next one oh god it was
something about a book oh also in his I
want to
president book feed also called labor
activist student groups at Harvard sjw's
which is uh also it is I want to be
president book shorter stay home
how are you gonna criticize somebody for
writing a book when the majority of
Bernie's money has been made by a book
that he wrote running for president no I
guess Nate that seems that seems like a
pretty bad hill to stand on like
Bernie's taxes are public the Bernie has
made most of his money by writing a book
about his running for president that's
it I don't know I don't the idea of
criticizing somebody from he's just
mocking the book mean he didn't
criticize him for writing a book well
that's what it sounds like he's saying
I'm saying hold on apparently he wrote a
book called the shortest way home also
in his book I want to be President I
don't know it seems like a really cheap
or has called elitist
oh also in his I want to be president
book that sounds pretty cheap to me he'd
also called labor activist student
groups at Harvard sjw's I wonder what
this court even is about II striding
past the protesters and the politicians
addressing them on my way to a pizza and
politics session with a journalist like
Matt Bay or a governor like Howard Dean
I did not guess that the students poison
have the greatest near-term impact we're
not the social justice warriors at the
protests but a few mostly a political
geeks who were quietly at work at
Kirkland house like Zuckerberg I did not
guess in the students poised to have the
greatest near-term impact items crisis
right he's horrible I did not guess that
the students poised to have the greatest
near-term impact we're not the socialist
wares of the protest but a few mostly a
political geeks who were quietly working
at Kirkland huh wait a sod wouldn't even
disagree with this the Zuckerberg
probably has had massive impacts the
election these people control huge
social media platforms that bit are
largely determining people's political
opinions and like feeding them into
these own like circle jerks this is Pete
even using social justice warrior in an
sjw in assaulting sense you know I
haven't read the book so I don't know
what the [ __ ] I'll give a student groups
at Harvard sjw's which is alarming to
say the least
beans also downplayed US atrocities in
Vietnam in Iraq but okay
Quotes Graham Greene innocence is like a
dumb leopard that has lost the spell
wandering the world meaning a home by
invoking the age-old we didn't know any
better defense I mean we did know better
I don't I don't know about that we don't
care and I guess neither do you
so yeah Pete's Martin doesn't really
talk about policy which is probably why
a lot of intelligent friends of mine
keep saying things like oh man
feed your shred Trump at a debate though
no no he wouldn't
in the midst of a heated debate on
climate change as soon as but judges
beautifully crafted monologue ended
Trump would just call him a nerd
instantly owning him and do oblivion in
the eyes of the American people I mean
Hillary Clinton was smart and look what
happened to her by the way the same
could be said about Bernie in regards to
being a socialist while also
participating in society but the
difference between Bernie and Pete is
that Bern dog is at least speaking for
the people or Pete is often speaking at
the people now there's a lot more to say
on this and I'm gonna be doing a deeper
investigation on my twitch at twitch.tv
slash hasta nom be after 5:00 p.m.
Pacific we're gonna be talking about
Pete's time as mayor gentrification in
South Bend and how he oversaw the
resignation of his black police chief so
you should check that out if you're
interested but this is my first take on
mayor Pete and why I don't find him to
be all that great I'm a song biker
please tell me how wrong I am in the
comments and share this video with your
friends and if you'd like to hope to uit
yeah I don't know I don't know man
you should go deep into that whole black
police chief situation it's not what it
seems I've heard that and I've all I've
done a little bit of reading but like
Jesus Christ yeah like this I don't want
to believe what you guys say because I
don't even know how I could believe
anyone but that seems to be my phone so
apparently I don't know I don't know
what it's not specific claims I hear
that Pete fired his black police chief
because he liked his racist but
supposedly like the police chief that he
but peach fired was a literally under
FBI investigation because that police
chief was wiretapping his own officers
I'm uncomfortable stay tuned cause I
need to go and read more about it like
for a cursory glance that kind of seemed
like there kind of seemed like the case
most maybe I'm missing a lot there but
like I like I feel like I feel like the
arguments the songs when you lost much
credibility to me that I'm not gonna
believe it at face value anymore you
know
yeah I don't know the police chief
acquitted his own offices making racist
games about him sure
yeah I don't know I'll probably do maybe
I'll do some reading in that later and
I'll look it up but I also know how I
feel about I like the booty judge
comments like I don't know man it feels
kind of made me to be uh I can't read
this this is a [ __ ] New York Times
article oh wait I couldn't you know my
work some girl thank God I don't know if
I would call it necessarily homophobic
with those comments maybe it is I'm not
sure the only reason to make the folk
joke is to invoke the fact that he's gay
wait is Pete gay oh whoa holy [ __ ] wait
those comments are super homophobic wait
what the [ __ ] no way oh [ __ ]
it's literally making fun of his name I
would be incredibly uncomfortable
calling a guy that's gay Pete Doody
judge what the [ __ ] that's horrible
you know this we went through this
before unless I drink about it we went
through the last name thing but I don't
think I knew that he was gay I don't
think I've ever heard that before is
that how you pronounce his name isn't a
Buddha judge but I mean it's clearly
sounding Budi judge holy [ __ ] it would
probably still happen if he was hetero
no I mean even if it would happen if he
was hetero like I don't know I don't
know I do know
I would never that's a damn hmm here's
what I'm trying to imagine let's say
that Bernie Sanders last name was Bernie
Buddha judge and Bernie was gay and like
conservatives were calling him Lake
Bernie bootie judge do you feel like
people on the Left would be like oh
that's not homophobic
that's just like a nickname they have
for him I have a hard time believing
that
this is literally hey pronounce his name
look it up it's dog
it's captioned booty judge [ __ ] it
literally says that the closed caption
buddy judge
[ __ ] off okay destiny it's literally
just a funny sounding name you're
reading too much into it
do you guys not realize you're making
the same arguments that kryptos make
when they do this on the right I can't
tell you literally verbatim copy/paste
of the arguments no dude it's just to me
nah man it's just a funny name like
bootie judge it's just funny it's just
funny to make fun of his name do this
like you're literally making the exact
same arguments what the [ __ ] there is no
mal intention behind it okay and I don't
hate gay people when I use the f-word
like these that you never let that
argument slide for people is this all
been a bunch of virtue signaling you
never let that argument side for people
on the right with gamers I like oh I say
the over slurred word but I don't say I
never I don't actually hate gay people
when I say it I'm there's no mal intent
behind it since when the [ __ ] is that
ever mattered what the [ __ ] come on guys
shape the [ __ ] up it's literally the
same argument a gamer is used for gamer
words they say the N word of the f word
that's a big reach my man okay this is
why being a Bernie bro is super bad
since they're fake progresses when it
comes to social issues destiny what
about this tweet by his husband - tweet
by his husband doesn't say booty judge
at all but options boot edge edge Buddha
judge boot a judge booted judge
none of these say booty judge do you
think it might even specifically not say
booty judge for a reason why would you
link this assuming this supports your
argument or were you linking this in
favor of me like I feel like remember
when we all got mad do you the youthful
idiot thing I'm starting to hardcore on
annealing that useful anything like I've
been a useful idiot for [ __ ] fake a
walk progresses her so long holy [ __ ]
what up remember when we all got mad
about this [ __ ]
people get so mad at this people get so
mad at this remember was there some
basketball commentator on ESPN that
referred to that one Asian guy and said
that there was a [ __ ] in his armor
referring to like a weakness of his play
whatever people like um is this really
that good right I feel like people got
so mad at this somebody in chat hold on
so like dude I can't tell someone a chef
says why is booty judge and attack on
his sexuality who would we really be
saying this if somebody on the right
said this destiny bit of a reach I can't
tell the chapel people call him boot
Chuck too and claim it isn't homophobic
at all as you take that Hassan as a
homophobe then no I might think is that
it's like it's just casual homophobia
but it's funny because it's a gay guy
that we don't like kind of like how if I
would have listened to like Gavin
McInnes
that guy if I were to listen to him call
a gay guy a [ __ ] it would make me
really uncomfortable now Gavin might
come out and say like you know like oh
well I'm not actually being homophobic
or whatever you know it's just like a
word that I use insulin I was like okay
sure but like man that feels real [ __ ]
like because [ __ ] is something that
historically has been used like demonize
homosexuals homosexual persons I don't
know two gay people and and you doing it
and I know their people are going to
take that and listen to it I think it's
a funny way to make fun of them because
it's okay he's gonna like that person
but like the idea of calling Pete like
bootie judge I don't know
damn I didn't know he was gay [ __ ] I
defend you guys for so long what we were
saying bootie judge was homophobic like
now is it really now come on I don't
know bootie Jess whatever but the fact
that oh [ __ ] I can't believe it another
he was gay after we just got mad at
steven crowder for calling that one guy
elisa peak weird [ __ ] like holy [ __ ]
okay sorry let's go back to this
definitely not a joke because his name
is hard to pronounce good take are you
disagreeing with it I don't know man man
I really wish I could like wish you
could go back in time or create another
world where conservatives make this joke
and see what people say let me tell you
the difference for you my friend moody
judge is very similar to Buddha gig or
Buddha judge where cotton-picking mind
is not easily Caviezel any view of the
fire literally is making fun of his name
but so just be clear you're saying that
if he wasn't gay a son wouldn't have
made this joke I don't know if he would
ever not I'm just saying that I don't
know dude [ __ ] am I like the only well
person here I don't even like being
awoke I don't know maybe I'm just maybe
I'm or maybe I am I don't understand
dude I would be in crying I feel like
this is not a controversial statement if
somebody's last name was a moody judge I
don't think that I would be like their
booty judge I don't think I would be
like making fun of his name and calling
him booty judge when I know that he's
gay that just sounds so incredibly
[ __ ] stupid me why the [ __ ] would I
do that and claim to be woke at the same
time like that is like the most anti
[ __ ] woke thing you get ever [ __ ]
do that's so stupid like if somebody's
last name was like French and it was
like egg what or whatever with a silent
T at the end and like I accidentally
mispronounced it as like and I'm like oh
well look it's just cuz of his name I
don't actually like hey gay be like what
the [ __ ] you would never know what would
ever settle that obviously calling
somebody that word is a lot worse and
saying bootie judge but like it's the
same constant this idea just because
it's just because his name is easily
confused with something like here's a
question okay here's a question let's
say that his last name wasn't a bootie
judge look said his last name was Smith
he was Peter Smith unless these people
started calling him Peter bootie judge
would you be comfortable with that if
your answer to that is no of course not
well then why does it make it any better
just because his name is close to that
how is booty anything against gay people
okay
so in the human anatomy male urethra is
don't typically open up to accept an
oncoming penis it's like [ __ ] each other
in the ass okay I don't know how much
you're aware of this I'm hoping I'm not
like blowing your [ __ ] worldview but
one of the ways they gay people tend to
have sex is via anal sex so if a gay guy
is a booty judge because he's moves I
don't know how I need to like that's it
doesn't have straight people do anal
straight people do do anal too but I
would say that like anal sex is like
if you're a gay person it's a very
heavily associated thing with you it's a
big thing to point out that game that
engaging in anal sex has historically
been used as a scare tactic against them
for decades yeah of course well we've
all seen that video of the guy I
remember which country does where you
saying the gay people do they eat the
poopoo right like do you think the joke
can be made if he isn't gay I think if
he wasn't gay yeah if it wasn't gay I
think it'd be a big deal although well I
still think would be juvenile dumb but
the fact that he's whatever dude I don't
know maybe I'm very signalling now I
can't tell
it's but Chuck homophobic is that what
somebody said on the chopper whether
they call him Pete but Chuck I don't
know whatever dudes I wish I wish that
it was a conservative doing this so I
could see if the reactions were the same
but I mean there's no way we'll ever go
to test that Oh
Gabo did you email me that I'll probably
look at that in the future yeah son
called him but something to wait did he
I don't know whatever did maybe I'm just
maybe I was a fake book or something is
there a way to get this New York Times
story good somebody needs me
so no bunnies need Amazon Prime enjoy
the last of my Bezos bucks thanks
intrinsically I appreciate him I do if
that's homophobic they calling us Stefan
is xenophobic Wow
oh my destiny heartache it's because
Pete isn't flaming if he was there then
this would be an issue
maybe dude ah dad okay there's a whole
bunch more to going to there but I don't
care I don't feel like the other people
arguing this or being honest either
[ __ ] I would legit if I can give all
of my money away to whatever charity you
want if we can make another world where
a conservative where Pete was like the
main Democrat running and some
conservative like steven crowder was
calling on Pete bootie judge and
everybody's like oh yeah he's not being
homophobic he's just making fun of his
name he's just saying booty judge cuz
it's like a planet's name not homophobic
at all there is no [ __ ] what you have
langde here so if you honestly think
people a little luck would let those
comments live and say those aren't
homophobic absolutely [ __ ] light here
so but I will but if you're that die
again you're never going to admit it so
[ __ ] it I would defend Crowder for that
okay dude destiny who's more likely to
be homophobic Hassan or steven crowder
well but that's not the point the point
isn't your intention right we've argued
this a million times it's not the intent
colony behind the word as the effect it
has a society why are you giving me
gamer arguments for gamer words now why
are you guys turning anything what are
you guys doing context matters known
homophobe verse LGBT person or allies
saying it these are gamer bro arguments
you're given me game you this you know
I'm not homophobic sighs you have to
call anybody enough sorry what
what the [ __ ] I think you're complaining
arguments here at both the Democrat and
a conservative saying is irresponsible
at the LEAs but with a conservative you
couldn't suspect homophobic intent and
the reaction should be worse yeah but we
don't go by in tanks for the great
streams I don't I feel like I've never
argued this in my entire life so do we
need to revisit why we'd like why we
probably shouldn't use harmful language
I wrote about this a 2013
hey-ey-ey a like holy [ __ ] is it just is
it really just a size thing like what
our site doesn't it's okay on the other
side it does it it's not like what the
[ __ ] is this because I was trimming it
in you hours this is all my [ __ ]
degenerate European audience coming out
right now do you think that most gay men
would be offended by a booty judge I
think that if you're like critiquing
somebody's positions and you're doing it
by using a play on their last name that
could come off as slightly homophobic
yeah I feel like that would feel pretty
[ __ ] [ __ ] if I was debating a gay guy
called like John is mom and I was
debating I was like alright John ass man
let's see what your arguments are you
don't think that that would feel a
little bit [ __ ] you don't think that
would be like a little bit [ __ ]
stupid like you don't think the guy
might feel like a little bit like oh
okay like damn like you don't think
that's like not to mention that like
imagine the optics imagine the optics
when people on the left start calling
him booty judge and then people on the
right see it and they think it's okay
and now actual homophobic people on the
right
start calling a booty judge how the [ __ ]
are you gonna win that argument when
somebody like Bill O'Reilly or Sean
Hannity or Chris Tucker it's like now we
have P foody judge they're like wait
hold on
you can't sounds like what do you mean
you people say it all the time well it's
different when we say it like that like
really you're gonna go with that one how
about [ __ ] are you ever gonna win that
argument
did I say Chris Tucker I mean Tucker
Carlson
oh sorry Chris Tucker might be
homophobic - I don't know anything about
his politics I don't know how many get
banned for listen to this I mean it's a
George Carlson skip or an Android
Carlson it's terrific on let's get but
basically Carlin here is basically
Carlin is making the gamer argument
where he's saying like as long as the
context is okay basically these are the
argument I mean like nine years ago you
can find me making these same arguments
that basically well the context makes it
okay so now we're now we're using now
we're using the game Ripper argument
because wow I can't believe it's been 31
months Kane I love you destiny Kane
wanted delete all my [ __ ] and start over
we're gonna be a new political streamer
I want to start over
hey I need to get rid of those families
oh my god all right Pete footages booted
chesh knows no anymore has been mayor
just 13 weeks when he faced peak
leadership crisis was March 2012 and 300
residents of South Bend Indiana solemnly
marched to the Martin Luther King Center
to protest the killing a flood of a
black teenager Trayvon Martin prominent
figure at the demonstration was Darrell
Boykins South Bend's first black police
chief admired for teaching tennis and
boxing to young people he'd been
promoted to chief five years earlier
after winning the respect of both black
and white officers at the department
sometimes divided along racial lines mr.
Buddha judge addressed the protesters
but seemed to not to interact with mr.
Boykins
when no one in the crowd knew that the
police top brass were in turmoil shaken
by allegations at mr. Boyken said
improperly taped phone calls of senior
wet officers were said to have used
racist language including about him with
federal prosecutors scrutinizing mr.
Boykins
the 29 year old mayor fired the veteran
police chief justin with the trayvon
martin protest no action was taken
against the officers precisely what they
said on the tapes of the department
phone calls is unknown to the public mr.
Buddha judge has refused to release them
saying the matter is still being
resolved in court I could be wrong but I
don't think I don't think that uh Pete
has actually heard these tapes right I
don't think he's allowed to I don't
think he has yet I think I read that
that like this is since it's like a
subject about the investigation and they
and it wasn't acquired in a legal manner
he himself has not heard these tapes he
says he hasn't he has him there's no
possible way he could
okay so like just real quick the idea
that like he's heard that these officers
were racist and he was like shielding
them or something is just absolutely not
true and the weeks months and years that
followed the removal of mr. Watkins
unleashed a blizzard of claims
counterclaims and lawsuits as well as
anguish among South Bend's minority
residents over whether an ambitious
white mare had sided with white police
officers against a black chief the day
after mr. Boykins dismissal he was
applauded at a gathering of 100 officers
council members and clergy the events
played out against a backdrop of
frustration among some African Americans
they may not have benefited equally from
an economic resurgence of South Bend
which mr. Buddha judges X Tolls in which
which he extolled in his presidential
bid as mr. Buddha judge seeks the
Democratic nomination and a party whose
base is anchored by minority voters his
handling of mr. Boyken suits missile and
it's mostly aftermath raised questions
within the merit of a Mississippi State
or mishandled sensitivities surrounding
race policing in the place he knew best
a city which is 37% black and Latino it
felt stomach-churning mr. Buddha judge
recall of the night of the 2012 protests
speaking an interview to know that the
same days we were going we were at what
even then I understood was going to be
the beginning of an incredibly painful
and device a moment of race relations in
my city and the time mr. Buddha judge
has said he removed the police chief
because he had lost faith in him after
discovering the FBI was investigating
him for secretly taping officers phone
calls the chief sued the city for racial
discrimination over his firing and won
$50,000 in 2013 for white officers sued
the city for invasion of privacy and
defamation and when a 500,000 that would
pay out the same year in a political
memoir released this year mr. Buddha
Josh wrote that the police tapes were
affected or at the police tapes case
affected my relationships with the
african-american community in particular
for years to come some minority leaders
of South Bend say the case is an example
of tone deafness on the part of a rising
star on the 20/20 Democratic field mr.
Buddha judge the first major gay
candidate and the first millennial to
seek the presidency has received a burst
of attention and support measured at
seven million dollars in donations
unexpected strengthen calls on mostly
positive news coverage check out our
tracker tracker of the 2020 Democratic
candidate field oh sorry I don't know I
just heard that on Sunday he kicked off
his campaign with a rally and a once
derelict Studebaker auto plant now she
didn't high-tech glass and home to new
businesses
is evidence of the turnaround story of
South Bend the mayor tells to review
skeptics who say America is never
elevated a mayor to the White House much
less one who governs fewer citizens than
fit in some big 10 football stadiums his
accomplishments include the commercial
revival of the downtown a bump above
12,000 jobs over its two terms and the
demolition of or repair over 1,000
decrepit houses to attack urban blight
but there were few people of color at
his rally a former Democratic consultant
David Axelrod a friend of the mayor's
noted any tweets crowd seems very large
very impressive but also very white an
obstacle he will have to overcome Regina
Williams Preston who represents a
majority black district on the south
than a city council called mr. Buddha
judging smart guy a nice guy but added
we have to look past the polish and
really look at policy he said minority
activists pushed for years for a citizen
Review Board which would have a role in
police discipline and promotions at mr.
Buddha Church state of the city speech
in 2017 she was astonished to hear him
said a long-standing group the Board of
Public Safety which the mayor points to
boast the city now had a citizens Review
Board citizen had asked her a citizen to
be aboard and for him to say now we have
one in fact it's the same thing we've
always had that was really disingenuous
miss Williams president said just
because you say that as make it so to me
it was betrayal and ensure that the
police taping story like some of the
most charged issues in municipal and
national politics including surveillance
of personal privacy government
transparency and allegations of racism
and unlawful behavior by the police know
so she believed the AmeriCorps caro
trying to bridge the gap hmm oh well let
me just realize he was anything else
about the police chief actually her just
why do this [ __ ] huh yeah so why did mr.
booty Josh fire mr. Boykins in the first
place he maintains he was pressured by
federal prosecutors in shortest way home
as memoir published on fret in February
he writes that a message came through
from prosecutors that he must push out
mr. Boykins they would file charges
against him for violating the federal
wiretap Act the miraculous in his book
that prosecutors were trying to duck
responsibility for taking down a beloved
african-american police chief by getting
mr. buuder judged affirmed instead it
was made very clear to me by the FBI and
the United States attorney that either
we would take employment action or there
would be indictments he said mr. Boykins
lawyer Tom Dixon said that when he first
heard this explanation vote
mr. footage in 2012 a red flag went up
he asked an assistant prosecutor at the
US Attorney's Office a lawyer he knew
for church about the mayor's assertion
he said that Tom that explanation is so
contrary to the protocols of US
Attorneys offices mr. Dixon recalled but
never condition a determination on
prosecuting or not we're not prosecuting
based on an employment decision it would
never happen
mr. Boyken said insisted that the
recordings were made inadvertently as
part of a long-standing Police
Department practice of taping some phone
lines
Destinee it's important to note that the
police chief didn't tell Pete about the
investigation Pete was blindsided by the
FBI did you have confidence here police
chief have you found out about him
breaking alarm the FBI probably not good
yeah I don't know I don't know at the
right place it seems like a pretty [ __ ]
situation it seems like his actions were
probably a little tone deaf though
considering everything I'm curious so
does anybody have a link to his I'm
talking about like this the firing of
this police chief like how does he
characterize this destiny look at the
replies to this kolinsky tweet
homophobia okay as long as it's means
that against somebody they don't like
Twitter work your magic we need to clip
ASAP sorry at kolinsky Obama gave way no
is definitive but giggity
I like booty call better hey man that's
a nice booty should have been peep butt
plug booty judges your version of the
mouthfeel dude likes his booties lol I
don't know whatever I don't know what
language games are now yeah okay that I
do my two hours of politics for today am
I good Destin is a frustrate you that it
seems like everything you believed about
the right pack of the day I'm not really
green with your argumentation so much
should agree with the conclusions
applies to the lefties too well yeah
that's kind of what I said like over the
past like a couple months I've kind of
realized that like I had a big turning
point a long time ago when I realized I
was just a useful idiot for the right
and I was making a bunch of arguments
and I thought people liked the argument
I was making but in reality they just
liked my conclusions because it
supported whatever they wanted to
believe and now I kind of realized it
like oh [ __ ] I guess like most live on
the left that agree with me we're doing
the exact same thing so it feels pretty
[ __ ] but I mean if I could do what
you're gonna do other than be clear
where I'll try to be more clear I guess
whatever rebuild again I mean it's
pretty disappointing
I find it almost impossible to have a
conversation with so many people now
lefties only care about optics and
practices and right right towards only
care about killing brown people yeah do
you see any volume that is fiction
between the religious right and the
secular left yeah of course um I think
in terms of policy between the left in
the United States I fall in line like
99% more than I do would like people on
the right
destiny it's almost as a fury centrist
and mostly misrepresenting the
definition was a mistake I am said as
much that I'm a centrist or that I
consider myself an actual centrist
Kadima Center on most issues but I don't
I would never call myself acceptors
probably because most people that
identifies centrist or actually like
conservatives in disguise you're not
actually in the center of anything are
you I am in the center I'm in the center
of like the I guess I would be in the
center of like the the American right
and then like the [ __ ] commies and
tanki's online that dominate like
left-leaning political discourse I guess
I'd be in the center of those two things
in terms of like American politics I'm
still like significantly to the left but
I said can you check this it feels like
a son it's misunderstanding your
argument yesterday um I saw this comment
I try not to respond to him I mean like
this is a pretty shitty thing to say the
beta's Audrey for entertainment it's not
constructive conversation although it
does have the capacity to sway people
the redditors circle driven with
underlying assumptions of destiny's
testing the validity of my premises and
not just engaging in pedantry using
false dilemmas and even emotional
Appeals as though he's simply testing my
moral system not trying to win the
conversation is laughable logical
fallacies obviously work as a rhetorical
tool
I don't mind certain dishonest tactics
like Gish galloping an appeals to
emotion even straw Manning when it's
used against the right as though I
believe them to be a threat to our
existence I do mind when it's used to
overwhelm an opponent that is on the
Left Destiny nice of you to let him off
the hook because he can't handle
philosophical talks no I'm just saying
like if we were to go into that room
that philosophical realm I mean like I
could bully him with any position I
wanted to I got argued anthology or
consequentialism it doesn't really prove
my point is right or not right because
he has it's fun as much time like
investigating that area so it's there's
no point like diving into that
conversation okay I love you boys okay
wait.you and hassan need an IRL hangout
stream where you can just chill and chat
every interaction recently has been
heated debates so we need some wine
downtime to remind us you guys are still
friends okay listen I reject this okay
this idea that like wow we we both exist
as professionals in this space I've been
pretty unheated and I've tried to
deescalate multiple times this idea that
somebody can just lay in to be with like
out homes like crazy and that I need to
like take a step and have like a drink
with her like hey dude word show right
like I mean come on he's pretty much
stuff like my entire career [ __ ] the
only thing I've ever engaged and it's
like dirty like debate tactics like all
the things that right be able to said
right like that come on dude come now I
don't care that much
[ __ ] that [ __ ] let's be real you
triggered him so hard dude yeah again
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna try the same
ground if you view the conversation I
had yesterday as Trevor him so hard you
won you would never say this about me
talking to right people until I didn't
like the I can't I can't use like I
don't have like better kid gloves than
what I used yesterday I'm sorry I'm
hosting is I'm happy I love you guys
it's been fun
destiny unfollowed him unfollowed him on
what wait T night Parker show me where I
follow the middle unban yeah
good luck all right report guys
strap in boys can you explain how booty
judge is a slur no I don't think I'm
talking about this feels like one of
those issues where like I wish I just I
wish I had like an alternate reality
machine so I could see how you guys
would react if Pete was like the
Democratic frontrunner we all loved him
and steven crowder like made a video my
brother here is Pete booty judge I think
but I mean obviously you'll never admit
to it since whatever with your booty
judge argument is it not okay for black
people to say the n-word of gay people
the Osler I didn't realize the Sun came
out as gay destiny yeah but I sound
isn't homophobic Crowder is homophobic
Oh so you realize it's the gamer where
document I'm not homophobic can I go
back to like saying [ __ ]
I want to since I'm not homophobic like
we don't accept these arguments ever
except when it's the left I guess I
don't understand I don't understand why
we're making the intention argument now
you made this argument just one year ago
I didn't I really want to talk about
this yet so we have a lot of you know
duck is bonus meme EC age like when I
said you can use slurs like privately
like that's not like publicly and I
don't know hey I don't know what how
else to illustrate the difference
between there I don't understand how
calling her booty judges anything to do
her being gay I don't know dudes I can't
tell I can't tell who's a good faith or
not I just wish I wish
maybe we'll forget I hope we can move to
a point to where Crowder calls a booty
judge I mean people like him I really
want to see how the left will react to
it I already know the answer but I feel
like a lot of people aren't being honest
with themselves you guys would lose your
[ __ ] [ __ ] over it it would I know you
would rightfully so I think you should I
legitimately don't understand how it's
homophobic I don't know II it's booted
judge or we could say booty judge he
looks like he's crossed with the gerbil
he certainly has one of his ass nice
so because Hasson having called a
testings for the party Dusty's using
some identity politics to paint Hassan
as a homophobic and listening I never
said her son was homophobic I never even
made that big of a deal out of the
Buddha judge comments I literally it was
like a comment that I made at the end of
the stream because somebody like me and
told me he was gay I didn't know but
apparently people like blown it up and a
huge subhuman I mean cancelling this on
which I'd happen I don't actually even
really care that much about it I think
it's kind of funny to pretend like they
wouldn't care someone on the right said
it but it wasn't actually like a huge
take away from anything that's happened
recently except for the fact that you
guys decided to make a thread about it
blow it up like I'm cancelling us on
over that like it see what a big deal
nice posture my dude thanks you
explicitly said he was a homophobe
Mauldin molder pepper all you get ever
pretty smile when you finally said it I
think I just know when I find out Pete
was gay cuz I had no [ __ ] idea and
that made me
everything a whole different [ __ ]
life serious question heard you're not
no he's gay
Oh cuz I ever followed him at all I
don't know why felon are bringing up
hints and booty booty judge like somehow
that I guess like if George Carlin is
talking to a black guy and uses the
n-word around him that we can all do it
to a black black guy too but like okay
oh my mother's a sign comment dude he
tries to weasel out of everything says
when I add harm destiny about being a
tree saplings trimmer I was just showing
him how much it out homs hurt okay dude
destiny the I was just meaning defense
it keeps on repeating as well yeah I
mean it's just basically everything it's
pretty is equal to the F slur no course
can you and her son reconcile
yeah I mean I don't hate a son guys I
don't think I've ever hated a son I like
this quote by Hasan to it literally
means God you idiot also I'm not calling
booty judge that cuz he's gay because
that's the easiest way to say his last
name dude so disingenuous I'm trying to
find what part of the video this okay
okay so we've got but judge in the midst
of a heated debate on climate change as
soon as but judged beautifully crafted
monologue ended maybe that was maybe
that was the easiest way to say his name
their theme I've noticed amongst booty
heads oh maybe that was the easiest way
to say the ending part of his name
they're giving voice of the anxieties
that they feel they aside from the few
huh when does he say booty judge do you
guys really have to stop being friends
over this [ __ ] you guys have always
disagreed but has that stopped you from
going to the mall RK BBQ we still love
you though but cheech edge booty checked
booty judge okay it's really hard to say
this news last name now moody judge has
been
the talk of the town this video right
now I don't feel like changing it to
desktop but the caption is literally now
booty judge has been the talk of the
town this wasn't an accident
it's not because it's the easiest way to
say his name it's Buddha judge like you
can look it up I could I mean like if
your job is making videos it's probably
pretty easy to to say a person's last
name like I mean like he's literally
lying at this tweet which now makes me
think more that he knows it's probably
not good right now I feel even more
convicted convinced this is reaching
when he literally they literally title
it in the video as booty judge that adds
entertainment value to the video yeah I
mean I guess if that's what you want to
do is just make like but that's what
we're gonna talk about okay
why is constructive friendship seen a
very constructive reduces friendship any
yeah we'll talk about it okay
okay as fans are trying to tell me it's
just the easiest way to say his name and
they are not making what I mean yeah
they're pretty clear they make it fun of
him right but it's whatever dude okay
it's a [ __ ] joke about how hard to
say his name holy [ __ ] it's literally so
bad faith that I'm now going back on if
you were ever honest I've been miss
honest the whole time
okay the Sun and cool in ski versus
destiny and Pakman do it for the culture
I was calling him booty judge homophobic
or gay people the only one to like booty
I don't know my dude it's one of those
things all I said what I saw it here's
here's my take on it like holy [ __ ]
you guys like blue this coming up hugely
if somebody told me that they were gay
and their last name was pronounced like
Buddha judge I would be super worried
about like that's the joke I'm gonna go
with booty judge hey booty judge what's
up booty judge that holy [ __ ] I don't
know maybe I've just gotten like two too
maybe I'm too woke and I'm tone policing
or like I'm sjw or whatever like um I
don't know like maybe maybe I'm just too
sjw but like I don't know it kind of
feels like calling like a gay guy what
was the thing I said like if there was a
gay guy and his name was like Mohammed
Osman and I'm like yeah what's that
Mohammed asked man like it would feel
like it would feel like really [ __ ] to
me but but I don't know maybe I spent
too much time like running down the
running down the SJW politics [ __ ] but
um I don't know but but I don't even
know what anybody believes anymore in
terms of like what they're in terms of
like what they're like actual positions
are cuz I cuz I can't tell that's a
really big reach and I messed UW's [ __ ]
yeah maybe it is I don't know I mean I
don't think so but but like I said I
think that people I like so far down
there on like ideologies at this point
that it's whatever ice I can't I can't
really tell what a better characterize
of your opinion that at least the joke
is in bad taste
well yeah but who cares it we drugs in
bad taste like I don't that could be
funny gay people don't all have anal sex
and love booty you're on your own you
know I'm trying to imagine like I wish I
could see conservatives making this
argument it would be so funny to watch
you guys rip them apart like I'm
imagining people in crowd ohs comments
like dude not every gay man has anal sex
that's your assumption you liberal [ __ ]
dude you guys would be [ __ ] roasting
them so hard oh my god this drama turned
me into a libertarian pug I bet Hasan
would never do this to someone with a
tribal African last name or if it was a
woman really gets the noggin joggin dude
I was with you with the Camila stuff but
this is actually cancer Jimmy Fallon and
Pete even did a skit about his name with
booty judging it on TV lmao Wow called
you wanna go with cash let me go cash in
my Edward pass from Carlin okay I'm
pretty sure he said that around black
people too I think you have to separate
who honestly don't think it's being
humble [ __ ] people actually being
dishonest oh yeah I mean like I said I
don't think you have to be homophobic
say it's just like that's something that
like if I found out like a guy was um I
found out a dude was gay booty equals N
word
I don't think booty judge equals N word
I don't think F word equals n word I
don't think booty judge equals F word I
don't know why you think every single
like gay slur I don't think [ __ ] equals
F word but I would be super
uncomfortable if a guy was calling like
a gay dude like a [ __ ] as well right I
don't think [ __ ] is the same as the
n-word or [ __ ] is the gay is the is
like the equivalent to like another gay
slur I don't understand but yeah I don't
know then stop comparing them alright
you got an IP ban dude come on I'm too
tired to deal with difference like
you you can't compare two things unless
they're the same thing well what's the
point of the comparison then what what
does that mean reminder that we should
all get along and own the right together
love you destiny and Hasan it's not
early it's literally the same as the
Benedict Cumberbatch jokes mixed with
butt jokes not a single thing about the
drug points of homophobia that is so
unbelievably unsure it's like Nestle
Stratus Marisa first of all I'm still
mad that you don't understand how stop
signs work too much drama first of all
um I didn't even know Benedict
Cumberbatch's game maybe he is but
secondly now knowing that he's gay yeah
people were making but jokes with his
name um I don't know I like I said it
maybe it's just me dude I know that
there's also like a big problems like a
lot of like lefties and [ __ ] like not
being woke and they're like cool for it
like that's like apparently a chapo meme
he's not gay
it's a joke about Cumberbatch oh if he's
not gay I don't really care as much but
I said that as much during the peach
[ __ ] I think the Pete thing was called
up
I think the peach stuff was brought up
where somebody in chat asked me really
lol what yeah this was my exact take
when I watched the first time I don't
even know what if you have you people
have any [ __ ] idea what I've ever
even said I really don't know but when
it was first brought up somebody in chat
asked me do you think it's homophobic to
call Pete good Buddha judge [ __ ] on I
remember now yeah Buddha judge to call
my booty judge and I was like no why the
[ __ ] would that be homophobic because I
didn't know he was gay and then somebody
told me it was gay and I was like oh
wait a holy [ __ ] that changes things a
lot I don't know making like ask jokes
about a person's name but somebody
that's actually gay feels really [ __ ]
up to me it just feels like yeah I don't
know it just feels [ __ ] up to me like
I don't know I would never do that but
maybe I've seen too much gachy [ __ ] or
something yeah I don't know what does
being gay have to do with liking ass I
don't know my dude I mean like me you
get a little bit older you learn how a
gay sex works
well destiny some first of all destiny
first of all you being transphobic not
every gay man has a penis firstly
secondly not have a gay couple has anal
sex destiny so you're actually being
transphobic and homophobic with your
assumption do you think sonnez
homophobic for real or not no of course
not but I don't think most gamers when
they say [ __ ] or [ __ ] are homophobic
either but we've never used these
arguments before do you understand like
when we're asking whether or not
somebody should be allowed to say a word
we're not saying like what is the
intention is that person homophobic or
not what we're saying is hey these
people have a public platform it's
probably not a good idea to like
normalize like these types of these
types of insults that could be
homophobic right
it's typically the organs we've given in
the past when I see now that like nobody
really agrees or no I don't I don't know
it'd be like if somebody called Hassan
abhi kebab boy or something like that
yeah I would be like really
uncomfortable husana be calling him like
hassan kebab' or something yeah I'd be
like damn I don't know it feels like
kind of [ __ ] racist yeah I would feel
the same way about that - yeah how was
that at all the same I don't know
destiny clip before you knew he was gay
and after I don't know if I would call
it necessarily homophobic with those
comments make a book joke it is not the
fact that he's mine hold on I don't know
how would call it necessarily homophobic
with those comments maybe it is I'm not
sure yeah I don't know but then I found
out he's gay I reason to make the vote
joke is to invoke the fact that he's gay
wait is Pete gay oh whoa holy [ __ ] wait
those comments are super homophobic I
don't know dude many ask jokes about gay
people I don't know maybe I'm just maybe
it's something like maybe I'm Jessica I
got to woke hi hi my bad I don't know
look at how excited he is this is so
[ __ ] dude hell I didn't know I didn't
know he was [ __ ] gay and it seems
like [ __ ] weird to like go went to
college a booty judge no here
like I said I mean like I understand
that like lefties like our Auntie woke
[ __ ] or whatever because they don't give
a [ __ ] about anything outside of class
so I mean I get it I get it
that's not necessarily true but okay
okay you're being so insanely dishonest
okay all right okay here we go we're
going we're doing the big we're doing
the we're doing the big oh god this is
[ __ ] oh I need my we need music for
this just because you're gay doesn't
make you immune to jokes people make
racist jokes hi choke sexist jokes but
at the end of day it's just a joke there
they are
get all those gamer bear arguments out
here we love my boys what is the best
use of your time let your analysis now
our call us on and directly talk about
issues I mean we already talked about it
oh man I should have outlined what I
wanted to say just gave me a minute to
think and hope I don't fall asleep
Dustin he feels really rare that we've
gone so far down the trans-inclusive
pronoun stuff and now we're going down
the let's call him booty Jojo yeah I
think the booty booty judge being a
reference to sexual is kind of a breach
to my knowledge not even Allred Aziz and
hopefully oh yeah sure I don't even I
don't think anybody ever intended to be
that way
I'm just saying like no knowing that
he's gay I would be super uncomfortable
saying it that way it would kind of be
like if I knew that like if I knew that
a guy was like weak like I might call
him like a [ __ ] but if I knew that he
was wicked gay I would be I'd be a lot
less comfortable calling I miss I
probably wouldn't say that cuz it feels
a little bit now it feels a little weird
like it does I don't know if I make
sense or not maybe it doesn't I don't
give a [ __ ] I really don't care I really
don't even care with us like I said I
think we talked about this for a total I
don't know why people are yeah I don't
know why people a question mark in me no
nobody agrees with that at all damn
maybe I've just been around like maybe
I've been around like so many homophobic
people
destiny
is being reasonable trying not to be
Kunti it's not about being Kunti it's
about like where does it like like I see
people use like certain types of words
to demean like either gay people or
women and like [ __ ] is one of those
words there's like a lot of words you
can use against a gay guy then aren't
like you know like aren't like the [ __ ]
word but you can tell you're a [ __ ]
your [ __ ] your act like a little girl
like a woman and those aren't words that
are just like random insults
they're usually words that are like
attacking the person masculinity
oftentimes by way of their sexuality you
know destiny more like dicks to me lu l
w am i funny guys and [ __ ] thinks
implying that like a gay man is weak or
child molester or other things right or
are often ways that people have attacked
homosexual people in in the past we're
saying homosexual people are like
obsessed with asses or anal sex like
these are like I don't know I fit feels
really weird like these are like pretty
common ways that like people that like
gay men have been attacked in the past
you know like we've watched like videos
of like I don't remember country was
like and the gay man he eats the poopoo
out of the booty you know like we've
seen videos of this and that now
everybody say wait what how could you
ever be home before he's like I don't
know man just feels kind of weird like I
said like if I saw people like Crowder
or something you know like calling like
him like no we had here we have keep
booty judge it's like damn no no I [ __ ]
hearing it but I 100% agree with the
[ __ ] insult but I think because his
name is so close to the insult it's a
free pass can we please move on yeah
like I said I don't even I don't like
even care about this that much it wasn't
something that I am III only talked
about this like 1 or 2 minutes so then
somebody made a threat on it so Dustin
talking about where the context argument
is bad you promised I thought we've
already I thought we've talked about
this I wrote something into in 2013
about why context is 3w isn't a good way
to justify homophobic insults you go you
can go back and read my article from
when I was 23 like I'm not gonna sit
here and explain it now when I thought
all of us we should have memorized right
now hey ok here is um
haha god this is so [ __ ] painfully
awkward well you hold yourself to this
standard in relation to the jokes you
make on stream dad I've been doing this
for months
I don't know the [ __ ] you talking about
dude I've even moved off of like ableism
and [ __ ] for the most part over the past
like four or five months I think I've
called people [ __ ] as an insult like
less than like [ __ ] ten times and
this is something I said like every
other sentence after we got rid of like
all the other slurs calling people
[ __ ] or autistic was like every
other sentence for me and I like moved
off of that almost entirely I also moved
off of personal insults almost entirely
as well for the past like six months
like I don't make fun of people that are
fat or ugly or short I don't make I
don't you like yeah of course I apply
like a I apply a pretty harsh standard
to the way that I make fun of people no
like I think my sticky Twitter thread is
literally about that I don't know how
many months old that is but um I really
like to see what actual LGBT people say
about it before anything this almost
feels like a bunch of people being
offended be happy I give a [ __ ] about
actual LGBT people think I've never
given a [ __ ] about whatever cringe Ock
is not over it's only just has begun I
don't need an LG LW
I don't need an LGBT person to affirm or
deny like my stance on on harmful
language I've never needed an individual
to tell me whether or not like should
you be allowed to make fun of the blacks
for the gays for this thing I don't need
it I don't need an LGBT or a minority
representative to tell me if that's
right or wrong why would I ever rely on
that I could just farm if I wanted to do
that I would just form minorities that
agreed with my opinions I would just
grab them by Lukey in Opelousas and the
Blair White's and I would enable
whatever homophobic or transphobic
language I wanted isn't destiny LGBTQ
anyway oh [ __ ] yeah wait don't count is
that yeah hell yeah brother didn't you
once say the black sounds pretty bad
yeah that's that's that's what I was
saying the blacks or the gays obviously
is there is ZERO accountability for the
bad arguments that destiny makes on a
daily basis because the community will
just meme it as though he isn't
literally using this is an opportunity
that I'm engaging on homophobia absolute
bath day the Sun my subreddit
relentlessly shits on me for every fun
the argument I make I
no idea what reality you live in would
you this is a dumbest thing I've ever
read in my entire life
why would you say this oh my god dude
were you not here for the McDonald's
debate well you're not here for the
United debate well you're not here for
the domestic-abuse debate were you not
here for the stop sign debate were you
not here for the every abortion debate
were you not here for every veganism
debate will you not hit like holy [ __ ]
like what kind of what is this what with
a spoiler debate Oh for the black ground
offensive to me nice for the black guy
that had the white lady supervisor that
one I'm sorry would you say your
frustration with logic said I started
discussion with Marty REM Irish and a
son about ridding ethical frameworks no
it started earlier than that okay here's
oh yeah my takes on AOC well I don't
even know this part of my fan base
agrees with most my takes for not how
could you how could you say that people
will let me slide on every argument
especially like I don't want to go to
your post history but dude how many
thinks have you said recently were you
back Trevor said oh I was just memeing
you tweeted out about bootie judge then
oh you just said it cuz it's the easiest
way you say his name that's a lie you
even put it in you even put it in your
subtitles on your video as a joke
clearly it wasn't about it being used to
be whose name was a joke you lied about
that you begged put him on that during
our conversation you said like oh yeah I
would let those children starve that was
just a meme you said like wait where are
these arguments coming up these are like
the alt-right arguments like aw dude
it's all that's just of me those are
just some mean when we say that it's
just a meme we're just being like that
like what the [ __ ]
remember he said women shouldn't call
the police well no he didn't say women
shouldn't call the police he wouldn't go
as far as to say that that's what he
wanted to say but instead he just said
well I wouldn't call the police ah okay
alright okay we ready are we ready to
start it's interesting that like some of
the debate taxes I've picked up actually
don't work
destiny I think you know that you should
never call the police if you're
suspicious some dudes in front of your
house nothing you should never call it
period
I specifically asked him multiple times
different questions and he answered no
to everyone it wasn't the only one like
and I do this intentionally I make
somebody answer a tough
questioned actually fell out there spell
at their position I feel like such a
[ __ ] for equity this is your lifetime
all right
okay Hasson all right I love you buddy
okay
um you should have known by now the
destinies an ass
yep I am hmm okay destiny is the most
dishonest piece of [ __ ] and will never
back down even though he's wrong
can I get some throughs in chat true I
got some truths in the chat for that one
boys true amen brother
you're a son right now how would you
reflect my side everything I don't think
they I don't think it can happen okay
all right here we go okay my position oh
where do we start
I don't even know start I'll just start
talking and we'll answer questions and
go through Renta threads or some little
[ __ ] so I always quit so okay so a long
time ago I didn't even remember what
happened I think I was reviewing a I
think I was reviewing like a Charlie
Kirk debate I think I think a sign
western by any so mainstream and we
started chatting going over the going
over that debate hmm I think in the
beginning that's kind of how we started
talking and for the most part they can
real-life I think it's not as many
problems and like a person that's not as
cool I don't think he has any problems
but well the way that we kind of like
the way that we structure our arguments
and the way that we like approach like
debate or forming ideas or whatever is
monumentally different
so in the beginning all commies a
treacherous look what happened to
Trotsky so in the beginning it kind of
thought like okay well you know I've
been um I've been doing like debate and
all this [ __ ] for so [ __ ] long you
know I generally I don't I don't expect
everybody to like match like the most
intense [ __ ] online rigor of you know
debate mastered craft blah blah blah you
know so you know I'm usually pretty
chill when I when I talk politics or
when I make political friends cuz it's
really rare to make friends that are
into politics for like politics are
[ __ ] bored right and so I figure
you're like okay cool like this is cool
you know maybe Assad will pick up better
arguments I'll go to the gym again we
can learn from each other beautiful
friendships I'm bullshitting over I
started to notice early on though that
that I I think that me and Hassan form
ideas in dramatically different ways
Indre matically different ways the first
time I noticed this the first time they
were like there were always these kind
of indications just in the way that he
kind of like spoke but the first time I
really noticed this was the argument
that he did and it had to do with
reporting early about the shooting the
white person that shot the black person
and calling it a hate crime initially
when it ended up being like just like a
random like like a random shot that
killed a kid trihex uses booty judge as
well and said it wasn't homophobic today
in okay I don't remember that
conversation I know that I like people
always say that I'm super harsh on his
son it's really funny people say like
what I deal with conservatives I'm very
nice but when I deal with the left I'm
super ruthless I was actually so gentle
with Hasan during that conversation but
I actually disagreed so much it actually
made me insanely like reconsider the way
that he puts together ID
is after it that conversation and
basically the idea was my principle in
terms of like principles
I don't think speculating on breaking
news when you when you could like form a
narrative that could be harmful to
minority harmful in any group of people
I don't think that's good
especially around breaking news stories
I don't think that's a good thing to do
and basically there's a story where
husana just completely speculated the
claiming that some white person killed a
black person it was a hate crime and
then later it came out that it was like
I think like it was a stray bullet or
something that killed a kid and it was
like dude like you see it I kind of
thought I might vision how that
conversation would go was at Hasan but
yeah that's pretty harmful I probably
shouldn't do that I wanted a future but
oh my god absolutely would never back
down from that point and what and one of
the things that I noticed going forward
from I think even at that point we are
fan bases had like hardcore intermingled
something that was really awkward I also
I don't expect most of you to agree with
me on this I don't know if it's gonna be
50/50 or what I don't really give a [ __ ]
at this point but one thing that kind of
got really awkward who is it huh as our
as our fan base is like hardcore
intermingled I noticed that Hasan is
literally like an an an ideologue that
is like the entirety of what he does
that he has like a political ideology
and every single thing he sees will be
crunched or smushed to fit into that
kind of like ideological basket there is
no like rigorous thought process there
is no actual argumentation there is no
basically like it sounds really [ __ ] to
say and I'm like I don't know is
whatever it is but like REM was like 100
percent correct in terms of like this is
somebody that has like a certain
political agenda and then they push that
political agenda to the max this is like
the exact opposite of everything I've
ever wanted to be in my entire life it
is so far removed from anything I've
ever wanted to do but I'm stuck in this
insanely [ __ ] awkward spot where one
I'm real-life friends with him which I
I like the Sun and I still do I don't
think it's a bad person I don't hate him
or anything like that but now our fan
bases are intermingled people were
taking quotes earlier where I said like
oh like now I'm bleeding off fanservice
on that are beginning to think that
we're similar because you're the same
conclusions I'm not mad that a son is
getting bigger popular I mean I hope he
does get bigger but I wish him all the
successful well I think that's great
what what was frustrating was that now
we had these intermingled fan bases that
thought that we had the same this Court
is the same way no joke Thanks
I was getting irritated that we had
these intermingled fan bases that
thought that me and him were on the same
page with these issues we're not at all
no one thinks he's similar to us on no
one but they did a lot of people did and
that's why we started to have the huge
fight wait was that $100 was that $10
oh no it's $10 well still think you know
I appreciate it but like right yeah why
are we having are we ever wait I don't
even see anything okay so like one of
the way there is so many different
points we could talk about but I don't
care I'm not trying to like do like some
huge like oh these are all the ways a
sign is normal you know blah blah blah I
just think that like I just think that
hassanis like a very ideologically
driven person and this isn't even
necessarily a bad thing I mean I would
argue it's about things but I mean not
everybody agrees and things like I like
to do argument and debate and to figure
out like the veracity of my points some
people have like an ideology and they
just kind of fit everything to that and
that's it and like it's a very
frustrating that like our fan bases like
I agree with him being an ideologue but
you should have told him earlier now it
feels like burning bridges well the
problem is it like and I'm gonna try to
like have so I brought this conversation
topic up over the past few days because
I've been thinking about this a lot I
actually kind of okay I'm not gonna lie
I actually I saw this coming I saw this
split coming I saw it today coming I
think two or three or four weeks ago
when we had a conversation topic about
Biden I made the comment or I made the
comment that I made comments about how I
was worried that like Bernie bro people
will do this thing where they'll pick
and destroy other candidates and then
pretend that everybody else sees these
horrible evil people when one the things
they say my name is gonna be true and to
the electorate won't necessarily see
them that way and when I when I said
that everybody [ __ ] got mad at me
everybody got mad at me for saying that
they said that I was devaluing Assad's
position that I wasn't respecting all
the political investigative journalism
that he put in that I was totally out of
my league that I don't even stand close
to him on these like policy debates that
this is his job Allah and I noticed
every time I was like oh wow okay fine
[ __ ] I [ __ ] up I guess you know I
looked into the tube I didn't when she
brought up I thought both were [ __ ]
but you know what like okay sure maybe
that was my fault
so at that point what I had known would
happen this well I I thought I could go
one of two ways at that point I said
okay well I'm actually going to do at
some point I'm gonna do like a critical
review of a whole Hassan video and I'm
gonna see what I come away thinking and
then
I'm gonna I wonder how people are going
to react to that and when I was flying
from France to when I was flying from
France to Sweden I saw that video pop
I'm a recommended feed and I was like
hey it's a perfect opportunity I'm gonna
do a full review of I'm gonna do a full
review of this video and let's see how
people react to me to research the
articles I put together a little Google
keep sheet I try to get the information
on every issue being presented and then
let's see how that conversation goes
it's either going to end up with both of
us kind of coming to like an awkward
agreement that some of the things need
to be rephrase I don't expect them to
fully consider every point of course or
he's gonna be one hard was that resists
on every single [ __ ] point because
he's an ideologue who is warm 2020 or
Warren Harris 2020 hype arjun zero who's
really like only interested in pushing
like it's like bernie for life it's like
ride or die for Bernie Bernie or bust or
whatever and I've never like been this
strong at what I've said about a sign
because I because I know I don't know
it's just like whatever drama but I
really do believe that maybe it's all of
the Young Turks
maybe because like maybe because some of
the people from them from the Bernie
campaign joined that / justice Democrats
or justice whatever the [ __ ] that that
group the pack that they formed that the
Young Turks are involved in that all
like had the expertise to ever I don't
know I don't know if that's conspiracy
or not but one of the things that I
noticed about some of the videos that
were being published
I don't remember somebody '''l me this
was somebody DME this was that um I
looked at some of the videos that asan
made and one of the things I notice is
that like that Camel a Harris video came
out to [ __ ] relentlessly on her and
right after she got a big bump in the
polls I was like oh that's kind of
interesting and then I went back and I
looked at that Pete Buddha judge video
and I was like I wonder if there was
like a pole movement there and I
wouldn't I looked I was like oh he went
from what less than one point to like
six points of the polls and then he made
a huge attack hit piece on Buddha judge
was like oh we're basically like
protecting Bernie like that's what's
going on I don't think it's a grand
conspiracy you know maybe like when you
know a lot of people were could have
something like oh well of course when
people get popular of course you're
gonna make a P about him which does some
extent is true but when everybody when
anybody gets a little bit popular
besides your
handed it and then you make a hit piece
video on them man that's like it feels
bad I know a lot of you aren't going to
agree with me on this I don't give a
[ __ ] that's fine we're totally different
people and that's okay you can do things
the way that you want to do things
that's fine but when I on my stream when
I wanted to investigate the Democratic
candidates what I did was I grabbed the
polling data for the top four people and
I was like hey let's go investigate all
the positions of these people because
I'm kind of curious about him right when
I we we never actually finished it but
like that was my approach to doing it
right but the Young Turks approach where
the son of the approach is let's find
out who just got a bump in the polls and
let's make a hit piece video on them
full of [ __ ] that's exactly what the
what the methodology was and I don't
know I don't know if like yeah I don't
know just it feels it feels really weird
it feels kind of bad but um I even had
somebody link me like I even had
somebody link me some [ __ ] and and I
haven't even spent time like
investigating like all of all of his
stances on everything but I had somebody
shoot me this DM earlier where his son
is even stating that like voting and
maybe I shouldn't say looks I haven't
seen like the full it's all about
Marianne Williamson Pham old love ye I
haven't even seen the full context of
this video so maybe maybe the full
context would change it but uh the same
[ __ ] that you got like I just want to
give people the same [ __ ] that you guys
want to give people in the short term
and then maybe we can discuss what could
be done to better everyone's lives in
the long term
[ __ ] [ __ ] that's not it hold on a little
bit I'm losing faith
please go into the other thread Falcom
out how Jesus Christ it's not on brown
oh my god there's no magical combination
of words it's gonna make rural USA
eternity so just I don't care I don't
care about some [ __ ] like I owe a
farmer who's going to magically become
[ __ ] socialist overnight and start
reading theory and liberate like third
world countries okay I'm not one of
those kinds of tanki's okay I just want
moderate social democratic [ __ ]
reforms god damn it dude and I'm telling
you over and over again that it's not
going to happen with caramel errors and
it's not going to happen with even
Elizabeth Warren God even the random
digs at Elizabeth Warren dam and like I
I don't watch enough of his stuff to
know like truly like what his positions
are but it's like holy [ __ ] like it's
Bernie or bust like this is like this is
it and and I like I kind of feel like a
dumb [ __ ] because I haven't like kept up
enough to like see to like see like what
all of the positions are exactly maybe
cuz I don't want to like [ __ ] sit
here and like drill in on like somebody
like I said have a friend over and over
again but god damn like yeah I don't
know if it's poll envy maybe because
Warren was was starting to pull higher
after the debates to if that's like the
signal what's the problem with that
though what's the problem with a Bernie
or bust position well when all of the
videos that you make like attacking like
other people are like full of like
half-truths or huge misrepresentations
or unfair characterization of arguments
and you're doing it all to like protect
your candidate that your organization
has a PAC that's like headed by ex
staffers I mean I don't know I think it
looks really bad but um destiny do you
really think anyone else has a chance
versus Trump aren't like all of the
Democratic candidates even Biden polling
positively vers Trump is there any
democratic front-runner or not
frontrunner but like hi polar that's
like losing to trump what do you mean
the chapel boys also looked down on
Elizabeth Warren Biden pulls about 10%
everyone else is within three anything
consistent actually go after something
you do others it is so gonna figure out
yeah I don't want to sit here like
[ __ ] drilling I'm sorry I'm just kind
of like all this is an irrelevant I'm
just trying to like illest
like how awkward a position I've been in
we're like over the past like six to
whatever months like everybody is like
saying that like me and Hasan are like
the best like political duo online and
it's like this is somebody that is like
so dogmatically different than the way
that I approach these things like it is
like it's such a difference in how we
approach things and I'm being bundled in
with it and it's like such a hard thing
to do like my whole life is is arguing
with people online that's what I do
that's what I excel at that's what I
enjoy
I like I'm the kid that likes to go into
the room with the [ __ ] Legos and
start at the very bottom and if I could
build it for the ground up because
that's what I enjoy somewhat autistic I
don't mean that as an insult it's what I
enjoy doing
no man is polling higher than Trump to
nice and it's and it's the way that I
it's just the way that I like doing
things I like talking about philosophy
for [ __ ] in our streams so that I
feel like my opinions on politics can be
a little bit more consistent and a
little bit more reformed or informed I
don't know that's fun for me I I think
that um when I get bundled in with
somebody like when I get bundled in with
a son as being the same thing
it puts me in this really weird spot
where like I might like for instance
like I have to do a debate with him
where he's like alongside me debating
like Fuentes or sargon of akkad
or like I have to like stand in to like
represent his points of view unlike the
Raj Patel show and it's like it's very
clear that the way that we approach
things are dramatically different not
and I'm not saying he's stupid or dumb
or anything like that I know it sounds
it's what I'm saying like Hassan is good
at like preaching to the choir like
here's the political message that I got
from these people and I'm gonna put it
out in like a really funny way on like a
youtube or a facebook video and like
that's like one asana excels at that's
what he does well it's not at all what
I'm interested in and somehow I got
grouped in with that that's like the
thing that now like we're like the same
and it's like no we're totally different
in the way that we approach things and
like anytime I try to have like I know
this sounds really mean but like every
time I've had a conversation with a son
I think
been like pretty respectful and pretty
decent at like not going [ __ ] insane
like there's a million and I know I
think I know most of the the frequent at
home as I could thrown at us on you know
you're it's nepotism eaters chinks
nephew I've never used that at an
argument against us on before your he's
a frat boy trying to sound smart I've
seen that one never you said it gets us
on before there is what other one too
but I don't I don't remember it I never
even said the morally lucky thing until
now I'm not I'm not even really saying
no but like um destiny not going to say
sure but you would never decent in
discussions Lim FeO so here's what I'm
gonna say and I actually went back and I
watched a fair amount of stuff today if
you think that I am I am extra harsh to
Assam when I'm having political
discussions I am in telling you right
now that you have an extreme bias and
that you need to go back and watch my
conversations with him and then compare
that to conversations that I have with
conservatives and look take an honest
look at both of those conversations and
if you do a little bit of
self-reflection you will absolutely see
how completely bias you are towards one
party it is insane how patient I am okay
when I'm having a discussion with a son
and the frustrating part is that like
and I think that like maybe like the
straw that broke the camel's back was
that like in our past discussion like
first of all I didn't even want to
[ __ ] go hard all I did was all I said
was I wanted to like go over this video
because I disagreed with pretty much
everything I disagreed with pretty much
everything that was in this video and
like by the end of our discussion I
don't think I ad hominem a single time
you could argue that by saying he was
arguing like a race realist so that was
an at-home it was kind of inflammatory
sure it was true but like at the end of
that discussion I literally had every
single like Kiwi farms pull thread it
stefan molyneux fan argument thrown at
me that i am a clever debater that I
talk fast that I'm the Ben Shapiro of
the left like everything I'd ever heard
and it's like what the [ __ ]
and then we started to get all these
tweets destiny x skills name was more
charitable to receive exhales he was a
decent interlocutor a little slimy at
times though but um then then we start
getting these tweets where it's like oh
god what was it oh [ __ ] I lost my train
of thought reading that oh yeah then we
get it's like all the same things and
people's are like oh well this is just a
debate on semantics nothing that we
talked about had anything to do with
semantics
none of our conversations were rooted in
like pretty real hypotheticals like
everything had a like a pretty like we
can go back I I think I told us son I
mean I don't expect them to do it mainly
because I know that it would be like a
lost cause but like we can go back that
we can watch that to bay did there's not
a single hypothetical I used that was
unfair there's not a single like example
I use that was too extreme like I think
everything was like pretty reasonably
matched up pretty well most of my
examples were in response to things that
he said like apparently we got really
mad about the women walking down the
alley that was only because that was
only in response to us I'm saying it
like oh well I don't know if you should
ever call the cops and it's like okay
well really yeah not semantics
necessarily more pedantry so like I've
noticed this thing and so I'm going to
explain something that people do I'm not
gonna put a value behind it and
obviously I think one way but I noticed
and and this is like something that I
really noticed with the race realists
and that's why I kept making this
comparison somebody has like an overall
view of something and then they have all
of these little underlying facts to
support it and then over like okay hey
let's have a debate about these
underlying facts let's see if they
support your broader conclusion what
some people do is they don't really care
about the underlying facts they have
this like broader idea and they kind of
get like this collection of little
things on the bottom and then when you
have an argument about them you can
really tell like okay did you start with
the facts and then oh pedantry sorry or
put entry put that pedantry I don't know
where the enunciation is do you start
with the facts and that build your
worldview or do you have a worldview
then you try to collect a little like
smattering of facts you think back it up
and one thing I notice with the race
feels like oh well the heredity of IQ is
blah blah blah
okay well heredity doesn't necessarily
imply
genetic causality okay um well still
blacks are really dumb comparing okay
well hold on okay well why like well
you're right that that thing fail well
there's a huge difference between I
can't which one population another it's
like okay heredity doesn't have anything
to do with differences between groups
right you know that right like even if a
trait is highly heritable even it was
generally determined the difference
between groups isn't necessary okay sure
maybe not but still like it was why do
you keep retreating to the broader
argument where we're going over the
little pieces why do you keep I don't
know somebody keep moving back to your
argument when we're going through the
little pieces to establish that right
that yeah and I notice it like um for a
lot of people that starts to become
clear that like you have this given
argument so for for Hasan it's like
Kamala Harris is really bad the reason
why is probably because she was a cop
and anything associated with cops is
evil to some people in the left right so
calmly Harris is bad because she's a cop
that's really the answer right and now
we've got this kind of collection of
little facts that maybe support it that
we found on one Twitter thread where we
didn't even read the links to see if it
was true we have this like Twitter
thread of these random facts and now
we're gonna come here and pretend that
we've got this razor strong case against
camel hair it's like okay well let's go
through these points one at a time
because I think a lot of them are kind
of [ __ ] and then when we do that
right we can't substantiate a single one
of these smaller claims and but then we
keep retreating back we go hold on like
comma Harris is this record of doing
horrible things but I was like wait well
hold on wait a second we tried to
establish that record right now and we
can't do it you know
destiny with the $200 point his argument
was that most everybody was a big donor
so you were pedantic with that he also
said things like when you're a hammer
everything starts looking looking at
okay so like the donation thing might
have been pedantry too but that was more
just like I was kind of curious I didn't
know like for it firstly I don't even
think I brought that up because I don't
really care I don't really look at like
who has donations from who to determine
like who's like the people's candidate
but I will note two things in that
conversation one that is just like one
that's like alone
it's the point of primaries not to
establish one candidate over the others
why would people like asan not fight for
their candidate to win it would be
different if he was engaging this way
after the primaries had been decided I
don't know maybe people are different
when I think of the candidate that I
want to win what I think of like Bernie
are Warren I think I want them because
they have the best record in terms of
their voting because they had the best
politicians I don't feel the need to go
through every other Democratic candidate
and try to tear them down as much as
possible that sounds like some partisan
hackery but that's I mean like I don't
know that's that's how I view things I
understand like different people might
view things in different ways but um oh
[ __ ] what was a time up for that
donation [ __ ] I should have skipped it
and kept going
[ __ ] the real crime is pronouncing her
name Kamla instead of Kamla like her
Indian heritage might suggest [ __ ]
monolingual and cultured Americans
didn't like a transfer from the Twitter
throne oh the two hundred dollar
donation things oh yeah I didn't care
one way about the 200 Ella nations or
not I just I didn't think the idea like
well X percentage comes from tonight
it's like okay what first of all I don't
even know if that's necessarily true
like we need like a little bit more
information which was true and Hasan
didn't have that information but I was
curious with that but then too and this
is kind of the thing that like sold it
as like a kind of a bad faith like
uninformed argument to me is that
someone in my chat pointed out that like
8000 donors for Bernie had maxed out
their contributions and as soon as I
somebody admit and maybe I'm
mischaracterize Imus somebody could go
find somebody can go find the fine let's
find the clip or whatever as soon as I
brought that plane up this on instantly
switched from well Campbell Harris is
all these big donors supporting her too
well okay maybe some big donors is
supporting Bernie but I mean Bernie's
got a lot of crazy fans that so of
course there's like wait what the [ __ ]
like I don't know seems like this is a
bad fit well you don't actually give a
[ __ ] about this it's just you thought
you just thought this is a point for
Bernie and now that maybe it's witches
now we're gonna be like oh well Bernie's
a little
okay well what the [ __ ] and why are we
[ __ ] talking about this but like yeah
I didn't care about the I didn't care
about the donor stuff one way or another
really that much that being said I think
people went back and I think people
actually dug through like all of the how
is that inconsistent
well because initially we were making it
sound like all the big donors support
income below was like made it looked
like it was bad that she was getting
like bigger money but then once once I
brought up that we'll hold on there's a
lot of big donors supporting for and
it's like oh well they're disappointing
Bernie because they're crazy it's like
wait what the [ __ ] why can't the same be
true for comma like that's kind of weird
so I was like but um
but I mean I'm sorry people did go
through the donor data and it does look
like Bernie does have more like
grassroots ground support for like for
like lower donors you can go and look at
those threads but like all the numbers
like graphed out in terms of like the
number of contributors of that where the
money comes from so I mean like it does
seem that it is true that Bernie does
have smaller donors I think most of em
was money and like she has like a larger
trunk of like wealthy people to donate
or cuz they max at the contraband their
campaign contributions
now that could also just because Britney
is a lot more popular to and the more
popular or maybe the lower pool base
grows maybe commonly gets more bigger
donation excuse a DA like legal do right
I don't know what but but that does seem
to be true you can look at that that's
what the rate of throat on that I feel
like you went a bit too deep into
testing his axiomatic principles when he
doesn't understand it as much I think a
son is a consequentialist at heart the
point of the diakon vote was that there
were other options besides force it
works for kids I heard your interview on
NPR and just wanted to say how awesome
it is to witness your growth as a
streamer debater in person Thanks so so
let me play out how the entire
conversation should have went so like
the disappointing thing about the
conversation about like using police to
like using the DA to whatever do you
think is we didn't actually even get to
have the whole conversation like like
like we couldn't even get we couldn't
even get to the conversation because we
were so incapable of moving past like
answering any hypotheticals because it
was pretty clear that like it was pretty
clear that I don't think it's not as
thought about any of these fundamental
positions at all right the idea of like
like as soon as he said like you should
I think he saw me [ __ ] so together
think he said you should never call the
cops I'm pretty sure he said that in
that conversation right like the fact
that he was like completely incapable of
like engaging past when he said that
yeah he did say that yeah after he said
I was like a whole lot you should never
call the cops I could spin up a couple
hypotheticals right now I am I would be
shocked if he would hold that position
right woman gets raped wants to go
contact the police force like are we
really gonna save should never call cops
right but we couldn't even we couldn't
even get to them we couldn't even get
past that people I'm sorry somebody
donated said he noticed that a lot of
the problems with debates comes from
people that can't or don't want to get a
core moral conflict or general worldview
sorted out before tackling the issue so
oh I have noticed oh yeah I agree yeah
for sure and skip I'm just donated subs
thanks buddy
so like like people in the subreddit in
my son Ryder we're bringing up will
actually hold on destiny there's a
difference between the okay hold on
people bringing up people are bringing
up arguments that are decent argument
but like we could have addressed them
but we never got that far
[Music]
he's destiny he literally walked that
back but you can't let it go he wanted
to talk about the consequentialist part
but he can't because he doesn't
understand consequentialism right it was
clear that he didn't understand
consequentialism because he was saying
well let's say we use cops to force his
examples was let's say we use cops to
force prep send kids to school that's
the same as like throwing Doug drug
dealers or I'm sorry drug users in jail
right now now how now look at that look
at those consequences wait a second
consequentialism not looking at positive
versus negative outcomes you're giving
me negative outcomes and using that to
disprove a consequence where I give you
a positive outcome this is not an
understanding of consequentialism like
yeah I don't know
destiny those viral twitter threats
about Pete and Camilla are both
disingenuous as [ __ ] and it makes sense
why on tomatoes are so [ __ ] regular
just copy the tweets talking points the
Pete one is full of course from actual
conservatives like the blaze journalists
and [ __ ] police union lawyers not
exactly people a son would be fans with
if they didn't know for him as anti
paternity como talking points oh yeah
sure maybe I started clicking through
some of the links on that camel a thread
and holy [ __ ] oh my god
[Music]
he also never standed that it was the
school's fault but destiny pushed him on
a sweet minute he thinks the cops
Trinette work for the crime but they
think well because what I was saying it
was a school's fault that if you have an
officer at your school a resource office
or whatever that you shouldn't cooperate
with authorities remember that was his
quote you shouldn't cooperate with
authorities like destiny Hasan argued
both sanctuary cities are good because
immigrants should be able to report
crimes to the police but also you should
never call the cop yeah I don't even
know like I said I don't think I don't
think it's a coherent position actually
I know he doesn't require I was a [ __ ]
all and it's really obvious and it's
like it's frustrating to me because and
this is where I go back to like becoming
a useful idiot to the left when I do
this to conservatives like remember I
had that quote and all of you lolled
along agreed with me I always say like
conservatives are always two questions
away from utter collapse because as soon
as you ask them like one or two
questions like well how does this work
how does this work they had cancer they
totally fall apart and like would you
win if I'm gonna have a conversation
with somebody that like legit is saying
like you should never call the cops it's
like hold on that's an extreme that's an
extreme position like let's tease out
your Akram's issue like we can build we
can build you a better position but by
asking some questions right do you think
a woman being raped should call the cops
yes okay cool so some people can call
the cops you don't actually believe
right I'm trying to help him build a
better argue but he's like so incensed
and even the questions that they become
insane hypotheticals it's like well no
son I didn't say no you said never call
a cop so let's find out when we can call
the cops right because there are tons of
ARDS you think maybe you argue a school
shouldn't have to call the cops but an
individual can okay
well that's an argument we can go down
that tree right and now you've got now
you've made a reason right for
individuals be able to do it but
institutions are maybe can't that's it
so that's another act we can run down
right but why did you cut him slack for
so long and suddenly turn on him that's
your fault well because he started going
like he started like going crazy I mean
he said of getting like I don't know
like er something like a huge [ __ ]
piece of [ __ ] I'm peeing like what I'm
being so [ __ ] gentle I'm doing so
nice and I know that like a lot of you
guys can't see it because you'd like
both of us here because you like us on
more than me and that you like his
conclusions but like if you if any all
right or anything
survey t'v were using the same type so I
couldn't he was I would be [ __ ]
lambasted these people I would be
digging so hard into these are girls
they were so bad and like the idea that
that like I dial it so much slide and I
look at Gish gallop like so [ __ ] a
heart like he's talking somebody made a
clipper he strung up like two [ __ ]
minutes over over me it's like what the
[ __ ] but holy [ __ ] I never realized how
cancel the far left is this recent
debacle has opened my eyes oh yeah you
buddy it tells a lot when your mom
tweeted out Hassan's video like it was
another hit piece on a Democrat yeah you
butterfly all my squads who can hyper
extend their legs and become reverse
joint pimps she did yeah my mom did
tweet it yeah yeah so like here's where
all the bad faith arguments start to
creep in and I'm so like tired of you
trying to expect me to just get in a
cool and screeches each other already
your blue balling chat badly I
personally like Kamala not my number one
by any means but up there what would you
say is the most legitimate complaint to
be lodged against the most generic lady
we lodged against her the laws
concerning illegal immigrants that we're
kind of [ __ ] out right now are pretty
bad those are pretty bad I think there's
probably more I haven't dug in through
that much to be honest so hold on this
comment your argument defending the
whole cops enforcing attendance strategy
is so revealing because the closest
approximate system would you manage a
non-violent socio-economic problem with
state violence psychological trauma and
terror is fascism lhomme oh right down
to disproportionate targeting of
minorities so like I don't know if
you're incapable at
no if this is like like I don't know if
it's an IQ thing or I don't know if it's
like a [ __ ] blind with [ __ ] bias
or rage thing but like my position has
never been that the best way to solve
crime problems is to use police to scare
to scare kids into going to school
that's never been my position that will
never be my position like I don't think
that's a good position the point that I
was trying to make was that and this is
why I use the hypothetical let's say
you've got a city full of kids that are
starving to death okay and the city is
failing in addressing that problem would
you send in the police to take the kids
from the parents or would you let the
kids starve to death in that
hypothetical the son answered that
hypothetical multiple times ago I'd let
them starve to death like okay because
the analogy is Kamala Harris has a
problem where kids are not attending
school and a lot of them are ending up
on gangs and a lot of them are ending a
[ __ ] debt on the street right the
city is not fixing the problem the
state's not fixing the problem nobody's
doing anything about truancy so Kamala
using the resources that she has decides
that she's going to try to push people
to truancy using the police force which
is the DEA is about all she can control
now
did I say that that's the best way to
address the problem no did I say that
this is how we should look to address
the problem in the future
no what I am saying is that if you have
one way of solving a problem or fixing a
problem because the other systems around
you have failed I think it's a sign of a
good leader to do what you can to help a
problem now we can argue like is it an
effective way to solve a problem it
seems like it was attendance was boosted
by 20% we can look at like the fallout
or the consequences it doesn't seem like
there were all of these people [ __ ]
locked up about it people who posted
like one or two stories I think we're
supposedly some people to jail but for
the most part there are all these people
that went to jail for it seems like
attendance was boosted it's definitely
the perfect way to so problem but it
seemed like a like an okay patch if
Kemal Harris actually wants to solve any
problems she should stop being a DA and
become a politician 5head I can't tell
if that's a joke or not but she's that's
why she's running for president
while she was a senator right yeah so I
mean that's the joke I can't tell who's
joking we're gonna post are any world
boys hi I don't know who's joking
anymore I'm sorry it's I don't know
dudes but uh yeah any like there's a
whole bunch of ways to like explore
these positions like in terms of like
did she do there I think we never even
got to that point we did we couldn't get
to that point at any part of the
argument there was a lot of interesting
discussions we had there but like I like
I said like I'm pretty sure like
Hassan's like guiding rail for that
entire conversation was at Twitter
thread and diverting even slightly from
like the like the stated talking points
like from the marching orders it was
like impossible it was like
inconceivable right that's when I got
called yeah destiny Lee Peterson when I
was using absurd hypotheticals it wasn't
like I actually I'm super curious we
could challenge any hypothetical any
wants to go through India I thought my
haven't thought it was like I use a
pretty Christmas like sometimes these
hypotheticals were pretty simple
they were pretty on point they were like
direct analogies for everything we were
talking about like pretty exactly I'm
super curious but like a Lincoln absurd
hypothetical I was using for any of
these points were like it just seemed
more like and it was more like I saw
like the problem was the same thing I
ran into when I debate conservatives
which is when you force them to actually
reconsider their positions and they run
into areas with a [ __ ] hold on I
actually don't have a good answer here
or oh [ __ ] like this is actually like
pretty hypocritical like that's the
brain shuts down and all of a sudden
like you're using debate tactics you're
using dirty strategies you're tricking
me you're trapping me with hypotheticals
you're just the bench pair of the left
like wait really like can you name a
single what's a bad hypothetical like
that like what's like a bet like I don't
know destiny you know the woman about to
get ranked being the same as a school
reporting a child for a misdemeanor it
was a pretty bad analogy well the the
woman getting raped okay this is it's I
don't know what to tell you it's
perfectly legitimate if somebody tells
me you should never call the cops right
which is what he said verbatim then of
course I'm going to test that with
with an extreme hypothesis if somebody
says you should never call the cops I'm
not gonna ask oh yeah well what about if
somebody should get a parking ticket
should you call the cops then of course
I'm not gonna test it that way I'm gonna
test it using like a scenario where you
put where I think you should really call
the cops somebody's breaking into your
shed in the backyard so he's breaking
into your house if somebody is like
raping you or it seems like somebody
might rape you
right these are scenarios where I think
you should call the cops if you think
that um destiny the hypothetical where
no one else is doing anything about
children starving should we then call
the cops this isn't happening
that's that wait hold on sorry my camera
just glitch except that's exactly what
was happening except okay so my
hypothetical was you have children
starving other departments aren't doing
anything about that if you can fix it
with the police should you okay the
analogy is there are kids that aren't
going to school because of currency
other departments aren't doing anything
anything about it should can you use
police to fix the problem do you not see
how that that's like a that's literally
like a one-to-one where we can draw like
a like a draw like a chart or like a
picture if you need me to but that's
like a one-to-one analogy like what the
[ __ ] you assume the police fix the
problem right yeah of course the police
don't fix the problem to fix your
hairline Papo if the police don't fix
the problem then yeah of course it's a
bad idea but it seems like attendance
was boosted
[Music]
finally some good debate memes who knew
it would be daddy Hasan so like people
keep saying this Justin you can't look
at the problem in a vacuum Harris has
more responsibilities and more agencies
have that responsibility like why are
you so keen to pass the buck if Harris
thinks that she can fix a problem not in
the best way possible but if other
agencies are slacking
why wouldn't she try to fix that problem
I don't understand this idea it's like
such an anti leadership anti like
anything idea is so weird
destiny that ignores every other agency
that is the same mandate those agencies
should be doing something too but if
they're not why wouldn't you use the
power that you have available to
yourself to make the city a better place
if you can do it
[Music]
[Music]
Hasaan seems to believe that it is
morally acceptable to allow someone else
to call the police but wouldn't
personally do it can you go into why
this argument is invalid because you're
avoiding answering it by being a weasel
it's kind of like when you say train so
train you don't think cosplayers can
ever cosplay like sexually suggestive
stuff and he's like it's not that I
don't think they should it's just my
opinion that they should I it's not that
I it's not that I'm saying they should
it's just my opinion nation what the
[ __ ] does that mean everything you say
is your opinion why would you say it's
your opinion that it's your opinion the
fact that you're saying it means your
opinion what do you mean like it's to
say it's like a train wreck cigarette it
sounded like a son should should like if
somebody feels vulnerable in an alley
call the police on somebody if she feels
threatened I mean I wouldn't that's not
the question at all what are you talking
about like okay wait what um I'm sorry
what did I just go it's not a second
that idiotic space.we believes that the
leftist critique of capitalism is
supposed to derive policy that somehow
has to work within the system being
criticized oh maybe I don't know I think
you would gain a lot by not blending the
extreme your hypotheticals even though
most of them are legitimate people will
call it bad because it cannot send the
cylinders yeah I guess yeah I mean I
noticed that where like it feels like um
I don't know should the military solve
the truancy problem nobody else's I mean
if they find an effective way to do it
[ __ ] sure dude the fog like Educare
and again like that and it gets such
it's such a weird it's such a weird if
it was anybody but the cops I feel like
people would be feeling generally about
this but because we've all got this like
this all cops are bastards mentality
it's like everything is like so [ __ ]
like people going to school is really
[ __ ] important it gets you off the
streets gives you a better chance to
succeed in an education going just not
getting arrested because about [ __ ]
our criminal justice system is not
getting arrested and going to school are
literally two of the most important
things you can do to not have a [ __ ]
up life I would be in favor of almost
any policy that gets kids off the street
and gets them going to school like I
would be a favor of like almost like
extreme policies
that direction because like that's a
type of [ __ ] that breaks cycles of
poverty as much as honey that can
haven't checked in for a while
hypothetically do you think the kids are
the parents who got arrested had a
better life I don't know I think it's
probably a 50/50 shot or probably like
if if your parents are like letting you
not here's like another really weird
thing I don't understand this because
all the Europeans came in and agreed
with me I don't know if they're sleeping
now or not but like this idea that like
your kid can just not go to school
that's child abuse I don't know how you
could disagree with that like in like
they were multiple Europeans were like
oh yeah like yeah and Europe you're not
allowed to just not let your kid go to
school what the [ __ ] and that's true in
America too we have in America you kid
has to go to school if you if you let
your kid just not go to school that's a
form of child abuse like and the fact
that people are disagreement or the
Hasaan was like disagree to me on this
like oh well they can't get their kid to
school like would you make that same or
I can be like oh well they just don't
have the money to feed their kid and now
you're gonna go in and send CPS to take
their kid away you're disproportionately
targeted minority minorities are the
most likely not be able to feed their
kids and you're gonna go take their kids
away because they can't feed them yeah
what the [ __ ] like does it suck for the
parents maybe it suck for the kids maybe
but like not feeding your kids as
[ __ ] child abuse not sending your kid
to school not getting your kid to
school's [ __ ] child abuse you're
failing as a [ __ ] parent now there
might be good reasons why you're failing
maybe I guess but like the fact of the
matter remains it like your kid has to
[ __ ] go to school just like it gets
to [ __ ] eat like what the [ __ ]
destiny where I live in the UK parents
are fine and it is illegal for children
not going to school it's like kind of
most I think us and most of the u.s. you
get in trouble if your kids don't go to
school like but truancy is illegal in
the u.s. destiny you are crazy if you
think these mothers and fathers were
just not letting their kids go to school
but sure let's lock the mothers up come
on man the idea was that maybe if they
got a little bit of a push from somebody
more scary like a police officer maybe
the parents would be more motivated and
taking advantage of school resources to
make sure their kids get to school that
was the concept of the legislation now
whether or not it actually worked well
or didn't work I mean it's commonly said
it work maybe she's lying I don't know
we'll look up independent numbers but
can you not take the children without
jailing the mothers though if your kid
ends up going to school
nobody gets [ __ ] jailed why are you
saying like oh now we jailed the mother
and now the kid is going to school how
does it work now the kids going to
school with his parents in jail no if
the kid goes to school the parents don't
go to jail what the [ __ ] oh my god
and now you're now someone at red is
doing the alt-right argument this is
what I accused us on a big earlier
Harris is claiming to be a progressive
but her track records show she simply is
not that's the point of a Santa video
and I think it makes a good case for it
even with your Corrections wait but
we're going over there by friction there
you can't be wrong on every single minor
point and then go back to your major
point you can't do that you're not
allowed to do that
we're trying to build your case you
can't be wrong on every single premise
and then say okay [ __ ] the purposes
let's just focus on the conclusion no
we're building your conclusion you're
failing stop destiny most
african-americans agreed your position
because I support Clinton and drove by
it an overwhelmingly I've come to accept
that America's actually brain damaged
and another lens your parents will get
fines and the like for their kids not
going to school I had to do community
service because I skip too much the next
step would have been fines and who shows
up if you don't pay your fines probably
the police these people don't seem to
understand who the parents would never
see a prison if they were taking action
stuff so the school police are you yeah
I don't know hmm no one seems to
acknowledge that excused absences were
allowed yeah they were I don't
understand why like everybody keeps
giving this framing to destiny doesn't
understand why Jersey happens it's not
because of lazy parents and it's
dishonest by pinning a hypothetical
narrative Harris's scenario instead of
the real scenario in a way in which
Harris is probably simple news okay well
then why okay super bad why did
attendance raise boosts 20% when they
implemented this policy
what happened those are her numbers he
did in fact check okay willing to say
that and say her numbers were fake I
guess I felt like I thought it might
have been a bit of stepped in this
debate such video but I don't think it's
fair to debug everything he has a lot of
good points and said I feel like don't
you have common views on a lot of
policies are the same reasons no my
reasons my reasons for the things that I
believe like are rooted way far back in
[ __ ] ethics that's how I get to my
positions I don't read a Twitter thread
to like like inherit my positions on a
candidate
like I look for what do they believe in
a particular thing and then we'd make a
decision based on our own personal
ethics on how we believe about those
things that they believe right so for
instance like I don't remember what
we've looked up like Joe Biden's
position on like on single-payer health
care seems bad
I want single-payer health care I looked
up what Joe Biden said about
single-payer health care I think you've
recently changed it because got booted
over to it but like that's how we make
decisions I don't find like hmm I don't
like Joe Biden I wonder if there's a
hate threat on Joe by that we could read
that says all these negative things like
destiny I slightly more charitable check
on the first point be son miss we
surrender the bit about school sending
kids to ice but the bit about charge but
not convicted as bad so it still string
kids come along oh yeah of course it is
it's like referring people to ice
because they're charged with a crime
instead of convicted with a crime [ __ ]
horrible policy I absolutely agree it's
a horrible policy that Kamala Harris not
only in Camelot push that policy she
[ __ ] lied about it I think that's
absolutely of course however that is
still a far cry from Kamala Harris was
having schools refer children to ice
like it's a world of difference um we're
just running in circles this point
getting over a new topic like you're
over Russell logs oh I don't even know
what I said
oh I just I don't know I get like like I
never asked it feels do it so like I
never did say like oh I want credit for
this because well because one it sounds
too self-righteous is [ __ ] to because
I don't really care like it like it's
not like I get paid for getting credit
for something like if you give me credit
for some [ __ ] I got like a check of the
bank or some [ __ ]
it feels a little weird though sometimes
like it's a little feels bad man I feel
so stupid complain about this because I
don't give a [ __ ] like it feels a little
feels bad man when like articles are
starting to right now that like you know
oh there are twitch streamers that are
building like a better political space
on Twitch now like oh they're twitch
streamers are building a better you know
habla like no like I was the only person
that did politics on Twitch for [ __ ]
years right and I did it in the face of
like everybody on this [ __ ] site
hating me for it every other large
streamer that I talked to their chats
would hate me they themselves would hate
me
like when I was talking politics like
two years ago in [ __ ] Aspen Gold's
chat and Greek got exes check like holy
[ __ ] like if anybody was around in those
days like dude I got massive [ __ ]
hate I got massive [ __ ] hate all of
these communities were talking politics
when I was on Rogers show when I was on
the train wrecks podcast like I got
massive hate not only that I get massive
hate for being in these communities not
only gotta get relentlessly [ __ ] on on
[ __ ] unlike all the [ __ ] podcasts
on livestream fail like etc etc even my
own community was divided on it don't go
on train wreck show why would you go in
that trash you're making it more popular
you guys still argue about it to this
day
wait what streamers hated you the
streamers didn't hate me but their
audiences [ __ ] hated the [ __ ] out of
me
yeah the venti conversation remember
when I was talking to Brittany venti and
every other streamer in that
conversation was more or less kind of
agreeing with venti until as people came
in and stepped in nobody disputes us why
you bring this up is it about if you are
better than husana it's not a matter of
me being better but it's a matter of
like people that have come to twitch
after I've like worked like really hard
to like and I was like sounds like a
mean but like I'm like the only person
that brought politics is clan from a
long time ago and I think I'm largely
responsible for some of the political
ships that have happened at least in
livestream fail at least in some of the
chats where I argue with people and I
think that I've been responsible for
some for some measurable change I don't
know like what the [ __ ] what the
percentage changes but I'd like to think
I've been responsible for some change
for people to come and be like oh like
what are you like who are you to
criticize me like you just got into
politics a few years ago it's like what
the [ __ ] how are you gonna sit here how
is the song it accused me of like you
just got an applause a few years ago
when you're [ __ ] making 35 minute
videos reading Twitter threads what the
[ __ ] like what like I'm not qualified to
be here I created and cultivated this
space that even exists on Twitch like
how are you gonna tell me like I'm the
new person I'm the new comer here like
what the [ __ ] I don't know I guess like
again I'm like this is like one of those
arguments where it's like I'm never
gonna like publicly like like defend
this or say like I want credit or blah
blah blah because like because it sounds
bad it sounds like super ego driven and
honestly they don't they like I said I
don't really care like I don't get a
check okay Hasaan never said that come
on
a son wait what a son literally said I
don't know somebody go find his tree I'm
too lazy to find it but now but now he
now he says it was a meme now he's
saying well he only said that to show me
that that he only said that he only said
it to show me how hurtful at homes were
yeah [ __ ] I don't know we should read it
was you don't get an exact check but
don't pretend recognition will help you
in the future
well I mean it but it does right like my
yang gurney view got cancelled because
of the BuzzFeed article about me so like
I don't know like if people come to
twitch and all of a sudden other thing
like oh it's really good like thank God
thank God you know like Chapo Trap House
and I saw it right here to make twitch
like a good place for politics it's like
wait what so I tried to fix afraid yeah
you just stick up for either I'm not
saying you didn't but like it just it
feels a little bad man but it's whatever
dude which is not helped you with
mainstream figures I mean people say
that at five Dean I feel like such an
[ __ ] like people like Oh Hasan got
desi conversation Michael Brooks with
Sam cedar with with uh with uh David
Pakman with no what no first of all I've
set up first of all it was Dan's podcast
guy that got me set up with Sam cedar
firstly secondly I've had back and forth
with Michael Brooks before almost
interviews in the past nothing is like
then made there because of anything
happy to do with the song because I got
been on that then bridges guy or
whatever on to have the conversation
then he went on to the Minority Report
or majority report I'm sorry and then
Michael started to reach out to me okay
that's where those two things came from
for David Pakman I talked to David
Pakman once before before I even knew
his son was I don't if you guys don't
remember that but like that didn't
happen because of a son like people are
acting like I have like all these
connections now because no [ __ ] this
has been my work okay
this has been the work that I've put in
to do my [ __ ] over the past few years
that's not like it came in and just like
open all these doors
oh cool like oh I have all these
connection I think
like are you saying son claimed it was
him no I don't think a son has it's more
just fanbase is doing that Destin he
might not have created the connections
but he has done what he can to help no
yeah he has the son has done what he can
to help my son invited me to the two
that Michael Brooke show that I never
would have gone through otherwise and
introduced me to Anna and a couple other
people I'm not saying I sounds like
never gone out of his way to do anything
for me he absolutely has I think he has
but but it's a little annoying to read
comments we're like fans of some site
are trying to like give him like all the
credit for like the words like it goes
on with like you know like all like
these people are coming to twitch to
build like a safer space for politics
and oh like you know they're helping him
like make connections like well hold on
we can be able to watch and go over the
Sean Carroll morality and rationality
video on stream would be nice to see you
critique his points oh yeah so Hasan
made it like a big post on my subreddit
where he wants to where he talks about
how I should deep platform or whatever
and it's like oh okay like that we're
gonna make a big post like okay cool
well I can respond in text and it might
even be better in text because he can't
get yell at the [ __ ] out of me
so okay let's get a big response in text
I think a big response to text he
doesn't respond not a single crickets
literal crickets to talk to my responses
Hasan is only lashing out because you
have such a great hair line and he's
jealous
nice him so he doesn't respond
whatsoever took to my phone so that's
fine whatever but he does respond to
other posts inside clean another one of
mine where he says um wait what is this
oh yeah hey guys we didn't know the
kitty concentration camps would get to
this point either except the insanely
frustrating at home coming from a dude
who got into politics over the past
couple of years is accusing me of
privilege or at the very least liking
empathy over Trump's victims when I
along with the TYT have dedicated
countless hours to investigative
reporting and actual coverage on the
conditions of these centers and
immigration for years even in a [ __ ]
Barack Obama like how are you gonna
throw the investigator first of all I
have never ever attacked Hassan's
connection with this guy you'll know
this guy I've never attacked asam's
connections to the Young Turks why would
you invoke them as a defense firstly
secondly for all this investigative like
reporting in journals we do why are the
videos on Kamala Harris and peep booted
why are these videos based on [ __ ]
Twitter threads like was that the invent
is that the investigative reporting like
do we get on Twitter every day and silly
who's got the most convincing thread
today that I can make up 35 minute video
over like what the [ __ ] won't people say
now that you're doing this with a boo
such big or temporary drama clout yeah
Sam's audience is all saying it but I
mean they always say like pretty [ __ ]
horrible [ __ ] about me and then I don't
know who in my subreddit is like a son
fan or not it's hard to throw him
because he forgets the [ __ ] out of every
thread by by going through it on stream
the same thing that trainer says hi
frantically enough but um I don't know I
mean like through everything
I mean I'll still say like I think it's
not as a chill dude I like hanging out
with him in real life like friendly
towards him I tried to like ironically
enough I remember reading two comments
on my subreddit a couple weeks ago where
somebody is like imagine destiny ever
having the balls to just apologize and
to own up to his blah blah blah for this
was back when I thought Hasan was in the
wrong like Jesse would never do I
actually had the day before on June 27th
this is when we kind of got into a
quibble
I sent him a big thing on on discord I
send my message out I said I think I
don't really see you talk to your Chad
at all so I just assume you never
mention it but I've had a ton of people
tell me that you talk about it this is
in regards to people talking [ __ ] about
me I just don't ever see it so I made
some bad assumptions that's on me sorry
and yeah I definitely see how I
undermine /d legitimise a lot of what
you say I'll do a better job in the
future addressing your points more
honestly without letting the chart we're
all me up too much I said that message
with no provocation and that's why when
we did the Kamala Harris video yesterday
I watched the whole video I didn't just
take one or two points I did a bunch of
research I have my little Google keeps
document together and I thought we'd run
it down point by point to see what would
happen and then I knew it would go
either one of two ways I don't see you
talk to your shadow lol says a lot about
how much you watch this on Dustin yeah I
don't watch the streams a lot what do
you mean do you think I've never lied
about that you see this recent
development is you going more centrist
versus just cleaning house and cutting
ties to people's positions are on
they're toxic I mean I'm not trying to
clean house anything I'm not going
centrist or anything I'm just doing the
same should I always do i just read it's
really disappointing to me to see how
many people like have like no principles
on any of the arguments they believe in
like oh I didn't even get into this dude
this [ __ ] take that like the sauna
started pushing this take to where it's
this combination of like this this take
we're like did I know that debates don't
mean anything it's all just for show and
all of it is dumbest [ __ ] and none of it
matters and this take where it's like oh
well it's fun when you debate people on
the right and it's good when you use
your strategies against them but when
you do it on the left it's horrible it's
like wait what the [ __ ] people actually
believe that like so I can be good and
then and then to go further it's like oh
well I always thought you did dirty
debate tactics to people on the right
but when you do dirty to pay taxes but
well if it's not good like what somebody
might be able to find a clipping I'm
saying exactly that Blake what the [ __ ]
you're afraid of the post-race is okay
to be bad faith oh yeah maybe it's this
hold on
thanks ma'am wait that's not actually
name is a fun I like it when you when
you debate people on the right because
they suck but I hate it when you apply
the same criticism to the left yes yes
on ironically yes to this okay I'm
thinking about the the the response to
the [ __ ] a destiny meme where he's
like saying I like it we need to be a
people on the right because they suck
but I hate it when you apply the same
criticism to the left I probably should
have followed that up by saying you know
debates are just for a purely for
entertainment and yes
you shouldn't [ __ ] you shouldn't do
the same kind of shitty argumentative
tactics that you apply to the right
which I applaud when you're trying to
debate people on the left which you
agree with because debates are all about
rhetoric know if you can tell but the
couch behind you is very Luxton II
you're literally saying like I applaud
you being a bad faith actor like it's
that's literally like
this isn't literally an ideologue right
this is what we're talking about it's
somebody that is pushing a political
agenda that doesn't really give a [ __ ]
about what's right or wrong no no no is
this what you got the conspiracy thing
from um I don't know
so this is what I read it's not as part
of the young turks which is part of
justice Democrat Network justice
Democrats is an American progressive
political action committee founded on
January 23rd 2017 by kolinsky of secular
talk chanc I don't know if I'm the same
euchre eager of The Young Turks and
former leadership of the 2016 Bernie
Sanders presidential campaign junior
2327 teen chenkin kuklinski founded
justice Democrats with ten others
including former staffers from the
Bernie Sanders campaign such as its
director we're gonna say technology
second China and one org founder exec
Exley according the organization they
seek to create a left-wing populist
movement to support alternative
Democratic candidates beginning with the
2018 midterm elections in order to
either defeat the increment Democrats or
quasi become accountable to their
constituents but after oh it's jinx
sorry after I read this I am I was
curious so after I read that I was
carried and there might even be more
like this actually I got really like at
us on a first search after that I looked
up YouTube and then I looked up Pete
Hasan and cleaning car Birds I used to
supervise in a rush shut the [ __ ] up
Pete asan [ __ ] and then I saw he made
his video he made his video about Pete
on April 19 I was like okay so a crazy
video shooting on Pete by the way this
video is [ __ ] horrible worse than the
Kamala Harris one when we saw this video
and Pete I was like oh I'm kind of
curious now I wonder if I wonder if he
made this video because Pete just had a
boost in popularity and we need to like
knock him down a peg so after I saw this
video was published on April 19th I
brought up the polling data through the
Democrats and I looked around April 19th
oh and lo and behold Pete Budaj and
Peter Budaj I said that correctly um
just had a huge spike in popularity so
that's where we're making a hit piece
video on him so it's like it's like
literally like any time a candidate like
threatens Bernie or whatever is a gaming
pulse like time to make a shitty hit
this video I
be more generous here if these were like
actually good videos like investigating
the candidate but it's not these videos
are just like garbage these are like
garbage like propaganda video so it's
exactly what these are we can listen to
this like real quick I guess how many
languages do you speak it depends what
you mean by speaks so I've gotten pretty
rusty in my Arabic and my dari which
picked up dari on my way to Afghanistan
I can still kind of read a newspaper in
Norwegian but only slowly ah finally an
intellectual who's capable of forming
coherent thoughts who will debate
everyone into the ground the living
breathing embodiment of an R I am very
smart post yes they I'm talking about
the candidate who captivates my college
educated white liberal friends Pete
Buddha Jew judge Pete boot it but cheech
edge booty checked booty judge okay it's
really hard to say this news last name
now Buddha judge has been the talk of
the town especially in DC media circles
is the wizard mayor from South Bend who
can speak seven languages who fought in
Afghanistan and is really super smart I
mean this is like a huge criticism but
man dude this feels like a huge anti
intellectual bent like I can't I can't
like it feels like I'm listening to
Trump like criticizing somebody for
being smart
I don't understand that at all but
whatever I mean have I mentioned he can
speak like seven languages intruders to
be pretty judicious up into the other
but it's rather shocking to me that even
in a post Trump era liberals would still
rather live in an Aaron Sorkin TV show
than face the cold hard reality that
politics isn't about who's the rightest
brightest or bestest it's about
distribution of power and wielding as
much of it as you can by any means
necessary
you know what's definitely not necessary
for that goal being a brain genius like
these like weird insults don't be a
brain very much to maybe in a way being
a brain genius like what does that mean
what are you saying
this diaper baby was able to
successfully spear dick gigantic tax
cuts for corporations in the world
Dewald systematically dismantling
federal institutions from within all
while enforcing white nativist
immigration policies to silence the
plebs Trump didn't achieve any of this
through wit and rigorous debate and he
certainly didn't do it through
compromise at least he kind of did some
research for this video even if it's
still [ __ ] wrong it would have been
even worse if he just copy and paste on
the Twitter feed again like Ana's camel
you know somebody actually told me that
this all actually this old video comes
from another Twitter friend somebody
told me that I don't know if anybody has
a link to that Twitter code you can post
it but I think that's what people said
he did it because he was able to push
well-defined goals and had a party that
written the writing on the wall
which was well people are saying it's
actually from the same Twitter guy
racism and immediately gave him the
necessary structural support to continue
pushing the Republican agenda so yes
while I love that Pete is very smart
being smart isn't gonna help the
Democrats win and even if it did would
you rather have someone who's smart or
someone who will have your best interest
oh I read your email Kourt ler I don't
know if I responded enough but you're
saying this in your email that language
was a chat moment talking about how much
the media was sucking off but a judge
Hasan just totally [ __ ] it up oh yeah
I remember I said hard
a common theme I've noticed amongst
booty heads beats fans is their
inability to identify a single policy
position he has and probably because
Pete won't talk about them he's anti
policy which isn't necessarily I don't
know if not having fleshed out policy
positions makes you an T policy but okay
bad thing as long as you're addressing
what the people need or at the very
least giving voice of the anxieties that
they feel it's also apparently his whole
website is like full of his policy
positions this kind of brushes past all
of that with vague generalizations aside
from the few notable exceptions and then
immediately hits the centrist return to
normalcy attitude you see from people
like butt or org who think the country
is more interested in patching things up
with the other side and having a truly
representative governing body that
brings us help okay so listen to this a
truly represent a body that brings us
health care and free college care and
free college which mr. Harvard's Rhodes
scholar has called elitist so he just
claimed that Pete thinks that free
college is elitist and here's the quote
that he shows on screen Americans who
have a college degree or more than
Americans who don't Pete said as a
progressive I have a hard time getting
my head around the idea of a majority
who earned less because they didn't go
to college
subsidizing a minority who earned more
because they did so to further
illustrate on this Pete is talking about
a pretty common complaint that's living
that when you try to make College free
for everybody inevitably some amount of
tax even if it's a small amount is gonna
be taking from a poor or working person
to pay for the education of a wealthy
person now some people like Bernie
Sanders have posed like a speculation
tax on Wall Street so that only the
wealthiest people are paying for college
to subsidize or whatever but like this
isn't necessarily a bad point that
Pete's bringing up right if you're gonna
do free college for all you need to have
like some way of doing this where like
either one you probably shouldn't be
subsidizing like wealthy people's
education or two like you have to make a
tax that literally only impacts the
richest people however like regardless
of that to say that he thinks that
college education is elite when is too
elitist when Pete's on record
talking about how all our college
absolutely needs to be affordable and
how he wants to expand Pell grants and
state aid is totally bogus
that's just a bold-faced pants on fire
lie peeps event in debates as well that
he wants free college for people more
it's super wealthy but the rich should
pay something yeah like this is
absolutely this is just a bold-faced lie
absolutely not true having a truly
representative governing body that
brings us healthcare in free college
which mr. Harvard's Rhodes scholar has
called elitist
oh also in his I want to be president
book Pete also called labor activist
student groups at Harvard sjw's which is
alarming to say the least
these are and this book quote where he
says they called him sjw's here's the
book quote striding past the protesters
and the politicians addressing them on
my way to a pizza and politics session
with a journalist like Matt bye-bye or
governor like Howard Dean I did not
guess that the students poised to have
the greatest near-term impact were not
the social justice warriors of the
protests but a feel mostly a political
geeks who were quietly at work in
Kirkland house it's like Zuckerberg I
don't even think his son would disagree
with this assertion that people like
Zuckerberg people that control these
massive multi like user online media
platforms do have a much greater
influence on politics than like the
social justice warriors that are on
campus I don't even think Pete is using
social justice warriors as a pejorative
here it's that's he's not saying like
straight double use are dumb he's just
saying that these people running these
tech companies and [ __ ] like what this
is just a bat this is like such a
disingenuous framing of saying that Pete
called labor activist students at
Harvard's sjw's like he's not using the
term negatively and all they're like
holy [ __ ] destiny that's the only way to
use SJW that's not true now I understand
that like and I know you're gonna hate
me for this I understand that maybe if
you spend all of your time online you
view sjw as like a bad thing
but in the real world there are actually
people that use terms like social
justice in a positive way that consider
themselves like yes like I am a social
justice warrior like yes I believe like
advocate for these things it's not seen
as a slur
every quarter of society that's mainly
like an online phenomenon like destiny
Booker calls himself a social justice
warrior social justice is a positive
rays quest requisite yes yes
and ironically true about people my
schools of it yeah what the [ __ ]
w's which is alarming to say the least
beans also downplayed US atrocities in
Vietnam in Iraq by invoking the age-old
we didn't know any better defense I mean
we did know better we don't care and I
guess neither do you so yeah Pete's
Martin I don't know anything about that
I don't believe it doesn't really talk
about policy which is probably why a lot
of intelligent friends of mine keep
saying things like oh man feed your
shred Trump at a debate though no no he
wouldn't in the midst of a heated debate
on climate change as soon as but judged
beautifully crafted monologue ended
Trump would just call him a nerd
instantly owning him and do oblivion in
the eyes of the American people I mean
Hillary Clinton was smart and look what
happened to her by the way the same
could be said about Bernie in regards to
being a socialist while also
participating in society but the
difference between Bernie and Pete is
that Bern dog is at least speaking for
the people or Pete is often speaking at
the people now there's a lot more to say
on this and I'm gonna be doing a deeper
investigation on my twitch at twitch.tv
slash cost and I'll be after fun
[Music]
is the Hossam food over goddamnit I
could um yeah maybe we'll go over red at
that smile but I'm [ __ ] tired as [ __ ]
today I'm doing a good do [ __ ] it's been
fun
became really painfully obvious ed a son
was an ID luck to you guys were talking
about rent control oh sure oh yeah
supposedly when a son made that video
peep didn't have policies listed of his
website yeah that's true although it's
still not having policies like spelled
out yet I don't think makes you aunty
policy but okay yeah JT part guys should
be tomorrow okay I love you guys it's
been fun stay safe out there all of you
brave warriors
Bruno cappuccino pump machine Ohio Chino
my production caption average you know
Al Pacino my duderinos oh [ __ ] well host
the Bernie Sanders Channel [ __ ] all
right I love you guys rip one my
deuter's have fun stay safe be careful
please be nice and if I see you being
mean in another chat I'll [ __ ] ban
you some of the most BC and jenni was
debate tactics that I'm finally gonna
start [ __ ] calling out ever since the
time that you do it it's like
