maybe it's a multi planning hello oh
hello hey what's up oh wait wait this
sounds way better I don't know if did
you switch to Wi-Fi err oh I just took
my boyfriend's phone yeah that sounds
like a trillion times better so okay
cool okay so sorry no no problem you're
fine we we do nothing here anyway okay
so you are Stephanie majoring in
political science and you have a minor
and did you say african-american studies
are african-american history oh yeah
african-american studies is basically
the examination of like Africa diaspora
people and then like colonization
imperialism all that jazz so it's
basically just like what's going on with
black people around the entire world
gotcha okay yeah yes so don't like start
of our conversation came because of the
kanye west video yeah and so i do want
to clarify that I [ __ ] love Kanye and
I don't actually think what he's doing
or trying to do is wrong
like if I could choose a dream job I
would be his Kelly and Conway like I
like if he's running in 2020 but he
doesn't know black history and a lot of
conservatives that try this whole like
free thought wave where it's like oh in
order to not conform to like conform to
like the politics of today I have to
enter an entirely new vacuum but because
that vacuum has no basis in reality you
turn it into [ __ ] who's that dude
that you talked to you that radio show
Jesse you turn into him because you
don't have any like grasp on reality are
you telling me that Kandace Owens isn't
a good source of information for like
great so like yeah you end up having a
real conversation about like employing
critical thinking when you know the
politics that you are exposed to you
don't seem to suit you but if you have
no like yeah like grass of history or
like
sociology or anything like just basic
statistics you're gonna fall into like
Candice Owens yeah for sure
yeah but the thing that I disagreed with
or I think seem to be your point and
you're like analysis of Kanye's video is
like this general fallacy that I hear a
lot where it's like if they were
enslaved for 400 years and it's
important to note that it's 400 years
because people include Jim Crow law and
into that bubble because a lot of people
are like was only 300 years of physical
enslavement well like we include Jim
Crow there's this fallacy that like how
could it have been this long if you are
not like in some ways making the choice
to be there not necessarily actively
choosing but like oh yeah yeah to be
clear I'm just real quick because I
because take is really dumb
but anyone I so I'm not and I totally
understand when I watch normally I'm
pretty responsible messaging but I told
understand when you watch it how could
it come off I wasn't necessarily or not
at all like 100 wasn't describing or are
not 100 defending Kanye's point of view
I was irritated that people didn't seem
to understand it so for instance like I
don't think that the only reason you
know a group of people was enslaved was
because they were all brainwashed into
being enslaved like obviously there was
very real physical repercussions and a
whole bunch of other stuff that went
into it as well
I just I was just irritated because
people seem to take Kanye West's point
of view which he's been pretty
consistent on his whole like massive
brainwashing consumerism [ __ ] and then
they blew it up into something like
really weird like black people wanted to
be enslaved or some other were think
that was mine that was my main problem I
just want to get that out there so that
you don't think that I think that you
know everything black people were
enslaved whatever because they all
wanted to be or got brainwashed or some
[ __ ] okay so I go right okay yeah okay
cool so I'm glad that was yeah so then I
don't know what is there to I mean well
I mean I guess like since I since you're
here and I guess a lot of people had
that impression I'm I take anyway to I
mean you can talk a little bit about
that I guess in terms of mindsets and
you know condition
a lot of people being okay where if you
want yeah so um I think a main point I
mean like you're talking about like the
brainwashing and consumers in law kind
of stuff cuz I do think Kanye has not
only like the influence just because of
like you know his wealth and also like
his legacy and all that kind of stuff
but also just because like his political
like his his thought process is there it
is forming and I respect it a lot well
respect is it well you know I appreciate
it a lot but it's just because and I
noticed this there's a lot of people
that are breaking out of that mold but
are not like centrist that they because
they don't have like that historical
foundation is where they kind of fall
apart
yeah and so with this whole like
brainwashing thing it's I think there is
something important to note about like
physical enslavement and then mental
imprisonment sure and I think that in
order to be mentally imprisoned
it requires the physical enslavement
whereas like you can be physically
enslaved without mental imprisonment
does that make sense can you repeat that
one more time so somebody can be
physically captured right but they if
they are aware of the outside world they
are aware that there's people that care
about them and will look for them they
just they will retain the willpower to
like fight through despite all odds
right okay whereas if you are mentally
imprisoned I think that can only occur
if there is also a physical imprisonment
happening because if you if you are
exposed to the reality of like freedom
then you know you can break that break
that wall how married are you to this
point do you feel very strong about this
yeah the only thing I would take issue
with here is I'm trying to think of like
scenarios of like domestic abuse where
people end up like for instance like you
take like a battered housewife that has
every opportunity physically to leave
and could very easily walk away at any
point in time but doesn't feel like they
have the means to do to like kind of
like an abuse of men
one statement um well what was that I
still think that like there's a physical
I do see what you mean and since there's
like now there was an outside of course
but again I think that the prerequisite
for mental enslavement is the physical
so because that like battered spouse is
in the household even if there's a
possibility of going out your home is
like very essential to your psyche and
so if you're taught that like even in
this place where you're supposed to be
feel safe you don't belong okay so that
it can yeah okay sure okay yeah I can
about it yeah
and so off of that premise when we then
discuss like black history and it's like
for 400 years what the [ __ ] even if
there is like you know spouts of
rebellion or revolution or I mean
revolts how could it be so long-standing
and there was also like a point in the
video where he talked about like the
question of numbers so there was like a
time where - every white person there
was like 80 black people in this and
like I think this is for Virginia maybe
North Carolina I'm not sure about that
but like and it like you know this idea
that there's like there's way more of
you so like this idea of just simply
overpowering because there are so many
mechanisms like you mentioned of that
imprisonment be it like physical
repercussions but also there's like many
layers of like black surveillance that
started in like the 17th century of like
there's a lot of Lantern laws so a black
person couldn't walk outside without
having one Lantern on them to illuminate
them to passer buyers and all that kind
of stuff and if the latter and went out
like if it rained if the wind blew that
was it you would be punished and you
know and then we see like black
surveillance happening now we're like
you know police and all that kind of
stuff but and then there's also a point
of like black religiosity well you have
predetermine ISM which is like didn't
fall out a common practice until like
the 19th century but we know that like
religious practice are really central to
you the way black people define
themselves in space
is not saying that there's not like
Blackie's he hasn't all that kind of
stuff but we can understand like a
culturally the way that what religion
has manifested itself during enslavement
when you say when you talk about this
predetermination everything is this the
idea that like like a good black person
would be like a loyal like slave to a
white person like this type of idea or
know it more so like you're enslaved
because punishment from like the
ancestors of Cain like this is just a
reality because of your blackness and so
it's enix capable okay yeah and so then
even those who do quote-unquote xscape
they're gonna be punished for all
eternity and hell okay thank gosh so
there isn't even because that
religiosity was so engrained even if you
do it escaped in the physical realm
you're like in the mindset that you're
damned forever in the spiritual world so
it's kind of like yeah you're enslaved
in either capacity okay yeah so that's
kind of like my really big point with
that is that it's really not as simple
as like a numbers game because you also
mentioned in the video like today right
there's a lot of people who are becoming
more and more distant genuine
distrustful of the ruling class even
though I'm sure people will define
ruling class as they see fit but I mean
yeah like we could talk about the
government shutdown
despite like TSA knowing they're not
gonna get paid and they're probably not
gonna get back pay well I think I think
the Senate I think just passed or is has
up a bill that would like guarantee back
pay at the very least right for furlough
okay okay cuz on the state level
Virginia was going through like a issue
with that but I think they just passed
back pay but there was like seven to
seven of them that were like no [ __ ]
that
so I mean but just having the discussion
right it's kind of like yeah yeah are we
gonna pay back these workers for work
that they're actively oh yeah it's kind
of [ __ ] up yeah and so with that in
mind it's like oh why don't they just
not show up
you know what I mean but it's really not
that simple if like we understand that
there's a lot of limitations on how we
can
view our lives and determine our lives
when there's like especially the way
that American education works with like
a political philosophy or like any of
that
it's just not like a viable option to a
lot of people and again like so I'm from
Virginia and that's why I keep
mentioning it because it's like a big
part of my research yeah
in Virginia we're right to right-to-work
state which basically means like you
don't have your you don't really have
the same guarantees for like starting a
Union and in some cases having an Union
is illegal especially in like public
education and so when people hear that
they kind of just go oh we can't do it
despite like you you actively can like
you can do walkout so you can't do
things like that
because you are like taught this
limitation and because you're taught
like well it's illegal and because we
have a general culture of like
respecting okay it's weird with like
American political philosophy because on
some level we are taught to respect
authority but the way our history is
taught is that we've always defied it
even though historically that's not true
even with like the American Revolution
that was really like a lot of the main
thinkers for that movement were rich
aristocrats even though a lot of the
people who are actively fighting the war
was like the poor and all that kind of
stuff
yeah so it is really interesting to see
us be so willing to listen to things
even if they don't make any [ __ ]
sense I don't even want to say that's
unique to the United States but it's
just because a lot of people seem to
have that perception about Americans
that I'm on though with a willingness to
respect authority or to um like we kind
of bend over backwards for authority
despite always talking [ __ ] about it
yeah I guess it kind of depends on where
the authority comes from and who's
pushing which narrative that's kind of
one of the one of the things I always
make fun of for instances when
conservatives will say things like they
don't want the government to do
because of all the inefficiencies in the
bureaucratic [ __ ] and in government
while simultaneously not acknowledging
that large corporations have plenty of
bureaucratic [ __ ] as well so it
seems weird to pull that argument out
there there's a lot of stuff like that
that goes on yeah yeah and then same
thing with authority too is that
Americans are constantly told you know
whatever [ __ ] Authority or blah blah
blah but then on the other hand we kind
of like worship the military and stuff
it's kind of weird right exactly but
again it's it's really in the way that
like education works for like a lot of
these things we're not really taught the
historical basis for a lot of social
movements we're kind of like but again
like it is a worldwide issue right where
we are where we are willing to celebrate
like social movements right so like most
people won't really [ __ ] on like Martin
Luther King jr. right but like during
the time it was commonplace to like
disregard him or find him to be like you
know an adulterer a hypocrite you know
like destroying the fabric of American
culture and then like we're not even
really taught about mass resistance
whatsoever which is a phenomenon in the
south where after brown v board of
education which desegregated public
school well just desegregation in
general but most importantly like public
schools you just had like entire swaths
throughout the south where they just
decided to close schools as an active
resistance like white people did to [ __ ]
with black people or black people did to
protest white people oh no so white
senators and things would just shut down
entire school zones so that the way they
wouldn't be forced to segregate the
schools
I mean desegregate the schools so an
example of that would be I think
farmville and which they just closed
down K through 12 education for five
years which means you have like an
entire generation that now will not be
read you have an entire generation that
was about to graduate and now they're
you know hopeless and things like that
and so there's a lot of small town small
town movements to try to like educate
these people there's a lot of people
that are bussed through from like New
York City to help educate in those
cities but we're not really taught about
that history and I think because we're
not talking about this history that's
why a lot of our social movements today
suck-ass Chum and are not effective
whatsoever I mean I don't know I'd say
none of our any of our social movements
ineffective but I mean I guess it would
be like what are the goals and mission
statements of the things so for example
the woman's March the point of that is
to show like you know the people are
against X and we'll show it by running
in the streets but like and then also
there's like a layer of like supporting
politicians of marginalized backgrounds
and things like that so I don't want to
like diminish the work that people have
done in the woman's March mm-hmm but I
think that because we were taught about
the civil rights movement in this idea
of visibility because like television
was new and there was like large masses
of the nation and of the world in
general that didn't really know the
brutality that black people faced that
like you know when you do have high
schoolers that are in the street and
they just have their arms locked and
then police are sending dogs to them
witnessing that brutality makes people
recognize how severe the problem it
actually is but I think today we run
into a different issue of not
oversaturation but moreso of like we
know this is happening it's not a
question of people not being aware it's
a question of why is there an action to
this problem you know what I mean
sure like why are you guys doing
something to stop it or what not even I
don't want to like say why aren't people
stopping police brutality but more so
like you know why aren't there like
why aren't the questions passed is this
a reality - like how can we mitigate
this you know what I mean - like policy
and things if you believe policy reform
can change this why aren't there like
more policy that's being introduced
besides like just saying just having
politicians say the slogan black lives
matter whether they actually like
instituting to help remedy this
situation sure but yeah that's just
that's really it that I mean I think I'm
more curious in talking about like um
the the idea of this like a new
conservative wave where like you're
mentioning there's just so many
contradictions that I can't understand
how is to define politic whatsoever how
else to define politics well I didn't
get that like you don't understand how
to define politics is what I heard oh no
I don't understand how to define this
new like free thought conservatism
that's like Charlie Kurt oh sure sure
yeah and that Kanye West is falling into
where it's just like despite having no
basis for any of my information I'm just
gonna expose like rhetorical devices
despite all the data contradicting me
like I feel like I mean I'm young so I
don't really know like I wasn't living
amongst like political campaigns doing
like Reagan and all that kind of stuff
but I'm sure I just don't understand how
when information is so accessible today
that these populations can get so
brainwashed yeah I mean I guess that I
think is I don't think the accessibility
of information doesn't really matter as
much as like being able to understand
like what is good information or not
good information right and these skills
aren't really taught much it seems in
American institutions right now like you
know kind of like critical thought and
stuff like that yeah I mean yeah I mean
that just kind of seems it seems like I
don't want to say Americans because I
think this is these are problems all
over the world right now it just seems
like people have um
a lot of problems being kind of like
media or data savvy like I said the
conversation yesterday where like that I
don't know how much my stuff you listen
did you hear anything I did yesterday
what happened it was a like conversation
on voter ID and it had to do with yeah
did you hear the conversation or it it
was awful yeah and it was just like that
whole conversation was just not knowing
how data works or like being able to
confront like your own kind of like data
bias he's like hey you know if we do a
thing it's gonna prevent some people
from voting it's cool why can't they
just do that was like well they can but
statistically speaking a lot of them
won't like just these kind of like
really simple you know like yeah I don't
know it seems like that that lack of
critical thinking is like a pretty big
deal right no for at least a lot of
people in the u.s. probably around the
world as well great I mean I don't know
if it's too idealistic for me to be like
how can we stop it how can we make
people want to learn but like I just
don't I can't understand people just
denying statistics or thinking that like
their personal antidote matters I don't
want to say it doesn't matter because a
lot of my work relies on like collecting
data from communities and things like
that but again it's not like personal
antidotes at that point yeah I
understand you're saying I mean like it
again like the all of the stuff is like
all of this stuff relating these social
issues is so insanely unintuitive that I
think it's just it's really hard unless
you're gonna take like a really big look
and to how all of this works to really
understand it like so for instance right
I imagine your until the intersection
Eileen and all that right mm-hm
and I think intersectionality deals to
some extent with like the personal
stories and narratives of people that
are oppressed by it like multiple
systems right right right so why does
that person's story matter but if I'm a
poor white person my story doesn't
matter you know like that's an easy
question to ask on the surface and then
feel like you've been validated like an
entire movement or an entire field of
thoughts like worth of thinking and and
you know the explanation for why certain
narratives are more important than other
narratives or why certain areas might be
more relevant to a story than other
narratives is like these are like really
unintuitive points that require like not
only does it require a great deal of
thought you got to have an open
going in because if we take something
that's already predispositioned against
it and then you try to run them through
some of these alright like your [ __ ]
like there's no [ __ ] way you know
alright I don't like I so but I don't
know because I feel like on some levels
I'm gonna say like spooky air quotes of
the left because we've tried so hard to
make our information accessible it's
become like we just like lost a
foundation of what these birds mean so
exactly when you don't actually explain
what intersectional means and understand
that like poverty is essential to it and
in fact like whiteness is also essential
to understanding intersectionality even
if it's not like a position of
quote/unquote oppression because we just
like reduce intersectionality to mean
like you know there's things that like
you're discriminated against and then
they build on each other and then that's
it you know what I mean because we've
try so hard to have like this
information be readily available for
people to employ is the same thing with
like feminism we just taught people
feminism means equality between men and
women which yes but like it doesn't get
in to the surface level of like the
power dynamics within them so now you
have people that are like I'm a feminist
because I don't hate well like yeah
women are the people who say things like
you know racism isn't alive in the
United States like what do you mean by
that's like well show me the law that's
a racist that says we have to hate black
I was like oh yeah show me in the law
where it says black people can't vote
that and then though and then the
flipside you get the Canada so I was
like well you're the real racist and
it's like a right exactly which was
funny I'm so sorry that you do this all
the time okay that's enjoyable but like
again with whiteness right there's this
idea that it doesn't add into the
equation it's only a it's only like an
additive to a conversation so if you're
talking about people of color whiteness
is just the reactive part of the
conversation instead of like
addressing whiteness and so ok there's
people in the chat that are like what is
whiteness y'all [ __ ] know what
whiteness is but
whiteness is like the explicit political
political social relation that you have
with others around you yourself and the
world so again to simplify it whiteness
you're not actively discriminated
against by institutions or by the system
even in your hypothetical what if
there's a black CEO that fires me cuz
I'm white
that [ __ ] doesn't [ __ ] happen so did
I the dynamic that you have what
whiteness is power right that's how you
like reduce it I think that one of the
big problems a lot of people have with
this type of stuff too is that they
can't like people can't see things as
being like how do i phrase this so like
like just because you have like a
particular advantage doesn't necessarily
mean you're always going to be ahead so
like any time you'd point out you know
something related to the concept of
whiteness people say well what about
poor people in Alabama that are white
right it's like a counter yeah because
people don't see it it's kind of like a
like this is something that just kind of
like impacts this thing it doesn't
necessarily guarantee you a certain
thing as well you know right so again
it's like it is and it is a part of an
intersection because there is something
to discuss about poverty and whiteness
because you see it in a lot of the ways
that we've have expanded the way of who
we include as white and then who is
there for a given whiteness right
because again it's not color based we
had a complete shift of like Italians
and Greeks who are like darker pigment
people but are still now have access to
whiteness because of their position to
like political power yeah yeah this is
um this is a something that was very
interesting is um I read an article I
think I had a really inflammatory title
it was something about abolishing white
or whatever it was a obvious something
obviously eye-catching but that that was
the argument that the person had made is
the
the concept of what it means to be white
is generally just like something that's
been used to kind of like push other
people out throughout history that the
term white has become more inclusive
even ironically enough even amongst
white supremacists I mean most of the
people that would consider themselves a
white supremacist wouldn't have been the
same type of white person described by
some of the founding fathers right that
uses someone's exclusively to refer to
like anglo-saxons you know spaniards and
germanic people and whatnot we're not
included in these definitions but we've
kind of expanded it over time to include
more and more groups of people right
exactly and so and that's why people get
really confused when we discuss
whiteness it's because they always think
about it as like a skin color pigment
and even though there's discussions
about colorism because that is like a
legitimate point especially within
communities of color because there was
this idea that if you have lighter skin
or a less coarse hair texture like there
was a time during segregation when there
were mixed people so people who were
half white half black or you know that
there would be a paperback test in which
they would give a standard like lunch
brown paper bag place it against your
skin and that would determine whether or
not you were put into a certain classes
whether or not you were given certain
privileges and certain accessibility
things and it was the same thing with
like hair they would put a pencil
through your hair to see if did the hair
stick or did the hair I mean did the
pencil stick in your hair or did the
pencil fall out so whiteness isn't
simple to define and that's because the
the political positions that we have
surrounding race is far more complicated
than like genetic output sure or genetic
disposition and I think that's why
people are really standoffish about it
yes
yeah oh and also like another part of it
of like how people of color are like
defined and like a political landscape
is a this idea of generational trauma
and how that passes so they just started
this idea of like paying attention to
the way medical practices are given to
especially black women and especially
during maternity we have a death rate
that's like far greater than other
populations yeah a child mortality rate
is really really bad asthma yeah right
despite our access to wealth despite our
access to like these things that are
defined as privilege we still like no
matter if you break it down by like
wealth it's still really bad in
comparison with other populations so
yeah when you when you start to address
these things when you start to see like
okay even when you reach this level of
like what we define is to be successful
in this like in this society so like
amassing wealth and so I'm asking wealth
can then guarantee you some level of
like political influence or political
power you are still faced with
repercussions there because of the
institutionalized views of people of
color so a lot of to be to be real quick
just to kind of illustrate this problem
for people that don't know so like there
are studies for instance that will show
that like two people I believe it's a
[ __ ] I should have be saved but if you
give a doctor a chart and you ask them
to make recommendations on medicines or
treatments for a certain person four
percent it's not related to race at all
but like for things like whether or not
you should prescribe like painkillers or
something that they will pretty I think
that there were pretty dramatic changes
and whether you prescribed painkillers
something based on who the person was
white or black the doctors were kind of
like change what they would prescribe to
people based on skin color right and we
already started seeing that happen and
university levels because a lot of
people are saying like well these
doctors might have like this old idea
how we teach things but like the newer
generation is completely free of that
but actually they just did a study of
like again universities in Virginia
where a lot of these like entering med
students did the exact same thing and I
can try to find this study too but yeah
they did the exact same thing in which
there's this idea that those who were
black had more pain tolerance than white
people and there was a lot less whenever
we reported symptoms this is same for
like women in general but especially
like women of color whenever we report
symptoms we're thought of as being
exaggerated and so when you see a lot of
complications with childbirth and things
like that because those are not
addressed a lot of the times the
mortality rate happens in which people
bleed out that usually is the problem
and that's usually what happens during
these complications in birth is that
most of the time we end up bleeding out
because we're not listening to when we
say like hey I'm feeling a pain that's
not regular yeah I don't know do you
have any questions for me cuz like
everything was like focus on the point
of like Kanye and choice but because you
don't believe that there's nothing I
just get irritated when people attack
the wrong the wrong things that are
being said and Kanye's a horrible
[ __ ] communicator I'm pretty sure
he's got like some mental [ __ ] going on
or something but well but ya know I mean
I think I mean we probably largely agree
on most things I would imagine oh well
somebody just said to talk about
cultural appropriation oh yeah this is
um things I've never gotten on board
with but we might even be on the same
page here like I I guess like the
problem I have with cultural
appropriation is it seems like it seems
like anything where the cultural
appropriation is like done in a poor way
it seems like it's not really the
problem is a cultural appropriation it's
just racism so like for instance if we
were to talk about a bunch of white guys
that would run around and I'm like in
sombreros for Halloween going I Greg R
or some [ __ ] like the problem wouldn't
necessarily be like cultural
appropriation it would just be there
just being racist
yeah I don't know if it what do you
think in terms of cultural appropriation
limit yeah so I agree with you but I
think people also view cultural
appropriation as racist so like it can
be racist so if you summarize Mexican
culture to be sombreros and like
accented you know English and
exaggerating like mannerisms all that
kind of stuff that that would be racist
but I totally get what you mean it's
like why are you defining the culture to
be that way but it's more so that we're
addressing the fact that those who
partake in that are the ones that are
defining the culture in that way and so
with a cultural appropriation there is
like this question of like individual
power and how that like individual plays
into the bigger conversation of like
political power right so like the most
the biggest example that I can remember
is like when Kim Kardashian wore
cornrows and everybody was like what the
[ __ ] that's cultural appropriation a lot
of people are like how the [ __ ] is hair
like vital to one's culture or like how
is that hairstyle like how is she
practicing bigotry by just wearing a
hairstyle and so it's I think when you
see like that outrage and it's like stop
doing this a lot of people think it's
like an individual attack but really
we're examining the political and social
institutions that can allow certain
people to where things are practiced in
certain ways in which the originator of
that practice is shamed for and is
punished so with hair specifically
because hair is like a huge huge like
topic within politics there's there's so
much to do with hair like even looking
at like the Black Panther Party the afro
was like a symbol of resistance and a
lot of the times local like law
enforcement would view the afro it's
like a sign of like a terrorist there's
a lot of descriptors when you read like
FBI notes from back in the day that they
were like looked at hair it's like the
marker of the marker of like resistance
and that they could be potentially
dangerous and so it's something like
cornrows
that's tied back to like real political
real political like ramifications so
again it's a way of like managing the
hairs Shore in a practical sense but
there is also tools in which enslaved
populations with cornrow like like
pathways of escape and they would use
that as like a sort of a map in order to
like help others use the same pathway or
but when we're talking about like the
real consequences of today we are
witnessing that black people are being
fired they're being told that they're
unprofessional and unkept it was only
until like 2013 and which black women
could wear 2013 or 2014 and which black
women could finally wear their natural
hair and active-duty service and so a
lot of people say like well but there is
hair regulations at work there are hair
regulations at school and you know in
the military and things like that but
the way that I was regulated is that
there's assumption that we are dirty and
unkept for having our natural hair
styled in its natural form or in breeds
and so yeah my um my ex was Hispanic and
her hair isn't actually like very frizzy
or curly and she always had to
straighten it for we're kind of which is
yeah yeah and so the consequence of that
it's not even so for black people it's
not as simple for not all black people
it's not as simple as simply
straightening your hair with like a flat
iron you would have to do like a
chemical process of like a relaxer or a
perm and things like that I really
should start reading your chat oh yeah
that yeah you have to like physically
alter something that's innate to you in
order to be deemed acceptable yeah it's
not just basically alter but you're
physically altering something that is
innate to you into something that is
like innate to white people right yeah
yeah or like is that is acceptable to
white people a really interesting thing
that people complain about a long time
ago is um when you have like a lot of
the older like
black pop stars like Beyonce and whatnot
that would have to like straighten their
hair light in the color up and kind of
like take on a lot of kind of these
white centric or Agassi Eurocentric
features or whatever in order to be more
appealable to the Madison's right and so
when you see these repercussions
happening and you have like higher
courts within individual states there's
the oh and then the Supreme Court on the
national level because yes there's
Supreme Court's in every single state
the Supreme Court at the national level
says that like hey it's perfectly fine
if you're fired for having dreads or for
having braids and things like that
despite you like there's just this idea
that like having those hairstyles means
that you don't wash yourself and that
you cannot be professional despite these
hairstyles being very tedious being very
meticulous and so when you then witness
people who are in positions of power who
are allowed to pull out these styles
when you are not allowed to wear these
styles without real economic and
political repercussions it you know it
can strike a nerve for sure I don't
personally see the use in like telling
an individual don't do this but instead
telling them like hey don't you think
this is something to think about in the
fact that like I can't wear like dreads
to my workplace
I'll be fired and it's perfectly legal
whereas you can wear it and it's fine
like there's just this general view that
again that we attach like a dirtiness to
blackness yes yeah yeah I understand I
guess it the way that I always treated
seems like it would be better to change
the structures that prevent the people
that your quote-unquote appropriating
the culture from from being able to
participate in it would be exactly yeah
yeah exactly
yes but again just to like reiterate
it's not necessarily that like
straightening one's hair makes one white
or like is necessarily like a complete
equals out to like your eccentric
features necessarily but it's this idea
that like we must make ourselves
acceptable to white people we must make
ourselves like
for how white people define
professionalism because of their
position and power true yeah okay yeah
any other topics no not really
okay well have reverence anything else
that you disagree with feel free to
shoot me an email we can chat about it
or anything all right
okay thank you yeah thanks a lot for
conversations yeah have a good owner Hey
bye
