ladies and gentlemen thrilled at you
here for this epic discussion on
libertarianism we have two titans of
political debate who are here with us
today this is uh honestly it really is I
think maybe the most excited I've been
in it during the discussions we've had
on this channel so we have got destiny
who generally I think a la I don't want
to say too much on their background I'll
let them kind of explain for themselves
but generally leans left and then Adam
who identify strongly as libertarian and
this is going to be like I said I
probably gonna listen to this several
times afterward but with that what a
mission both of these gentlemen are
linked in the description so if you
enjoy what they're saying and you want
to hear more hey I encouraged you to
check them out click those links and
subscribe so that way you can hear more
of their content also mmm wanna mention
let's see hopefully my audio is good
it's been a little bit rocky so I hope
you can hear me let me know in the live
chat if anything's funky but want to say
lastly feel free if you enjoy debates on
politics or religion which we have
regularly feel free to hit that
subscribe button for reminders as we're
trying to build a community of people
whether they lean left or right
Christian atheist jetter
Jedi or Seth are glad to have you here
and with that we are going to kick it
off to our speakers who they've already
basically uh just before decided on a
topic that they think that they already
want to go to at least start so with
that thank you very much gentlemen for
being here it's an honor to have you and
the floor is yours
oh you really set the bar high with that
you want to give some directions for
introductions well you mean like
introducing the topic ourselves
absolutely with our backgrounds yeah
actually if you'd like to share I would
love it just because especially in the
regarding your view is I want to be as
nuanced as possible and I think it might
be best for you guys to explain them
just so I don't generalize too much with
your past view so with that as well if
you're okay with it
I was in the Marine Corps from 1999 to
2006 and reservist six and a half years
three years active duty within that one
tour in Fallujah and that really got me
going in in activism and I had to find
an activist someone who motivated my
deep-seated sense of injustice for me I
was a libertarian before that but I
didn't really know what it meant
it was just socially liberal fiscally
conservative you know best of both
worlds that are the shiting worlds of
mainstream politics that most Americans
want nothing to do with anyway not
really inspiring but for me it was like
how can it be a Republican or a Democrat
that's freaking lame are you kidding me
this this is America there's gotta be an
option
and.and I think it was at some point in
high school it was like your person
you're gonna be a Republican or Democrat
my teacher was like well if you really
have to be something else there's these
libertarians over here they'd like to be
left alone and that didn't stop me from
enlisting in the military or
volunteering to go to Iraq and a proper
understanding of it would have and it
was the belief that libertarianism was a
political philosophy rather than an
ethical philosophy that kept me from
really applying it properly and
consistently in my life and I think just
to make it as simple as possible when
you take the word libertarian it really
just can be as inclusive as anybody who
believes in freedom and I think that's
great I think we should be inclusive
with the libertarian to me I have a
specific understanding of that that
freedom is what you have when no one is
forcing their will on you when you your
right to live the exercise yourself
ownership however you see fit doesn't
have any forceful interference and what
this suggests is a system of ethics that
we would describe as the non-aggression
principle you own yourself as why it's
wrong for someone to claim ownership
over you like a slave or a possession or
anything else it's why it's wrong to hit
you to take your stuff so anything that
the the force
coercion in one person another person
creates a win-lose relationship instead
of a win-win relationship that we have
with cooperative valen relationship so
the ideal that's suggested here is of
peace and harmony where all human
relationships
voluntary free of force fraud and
coercion and so while I'm I'm happy with
the the more inclusive labeled the
preparing specifically for me what that
means and I think for most people who
really considered who have been
libertarian for any period of time and
really I gotten to develop a coherent
cohesive worlds become that the terms
voluntary ISM are someone who believes
in the non-aggression principle I really
described the ethical philosophy that
it's at the heart of what is often
misconstrued as a political philosophy
you bet thank you so much Adam and
destiny thanks as well for both of you
being on destiny if you want to share
about your background as well as your
views
glad to have you um yeah I guess I don't
know how far back we're going um but I
mean I guess I've been a twitch streamer
for ten years we talk politics a lot I
used to be libertarian or libertarian
leaning back in high school and then
I've kind of gotten a little older or
kind of grown differently I view things
a little bit different I mean obviously
being on the opposite here I'm gonna say
that the state is probably necessary in
order to secure any meaningful freedoms
or meaningful rights that simply having
a non-aggression principle doesn't in
practice ensure that anybody has any
sort of right because without some sort
of state to enforce laws we're not gonna
be able to protect each other's freedoms
and that a group of people that are
loosely bound between the non-aggression
principle would never be able to resist
outside influence or invasion either so
that'll probably be the position that
I'll be defending here you bet so with
that regarding the police issue that was
something that Adam mentioned that would
be an interesting point to start with
which he had said you had interesting
ideas on that and so if you guys want to
start with that and and then like I said
feel free wherever you want to
I mean I can start I can put forth the
positive and then you can attack it if
you want or you can put forth your I
mean whatever way you want to do okay
yeah so I mean I I would say that for uh
so I don't know if I don't believe in
any sort of like intrinsic rights I
don't think they exist and I think that
a right only exists in so far as you
have the ability to secure that right
I'm so for instance you know my ability
to live a free happy life you know you
can call that a right but if I can't
afford health care if I can't afford
food or if I can't afford shelter I mean
that that doesn't really mean much to me
so it seems that in today's society the
best way to secure the greatest amount
of freedom economically politically and
socially for a large number of people is
through some sort of state that is
supposed to have an authorization to use
force on its people to ensure that we
all follow laws and conduct ourselves in
ways that are conducive to a society so
things like paying taxes or building
where we're supposed to or living where
we're supposed to and stuff like that I
would argue that these seem to be
necessary things to ensure that we're
like a free and prosperous people well
it's very concise I feel like I want to
go into that for hours and hours and
different avenues based on that I
thought we were gonna start with the
police oh yeah we can start yeah we can
do the police as a microcosm for the nap
or something sure yeah we can start with
just police well because I really liked
your commentary on on this case and and
I think what you're starting with this
kind of a pragmatic approach right of
you know how to survive a police
encounter yeah and it's been a big part
of my activism in civil disobedience to
challenge police authority I really like
you know what you said and and I forget
who it was it you were streaming within
that video but that it would but you
know deescalate first like that was the
one thing you really criticized the guy
who was being harassed by police in that
video if he got irate and escalated but
he also made it clear that there's
there's no right of the police and you
said that this was a you know a good
line that there's a barrier here to stay
power that they can't just stop you and
ask for your ID and I remember someone
in your stream pointed this out view
is that that's not entirely true and
what you're looking at is a certain
federal precedent but there are still
about half a dozen states in the US
where they call them shall I'd be state
but they have July deal on and Louisiana
is one of them and I didn't know this
when I was there but I was asked for an
ideas of passenger traffic stop I did
were arrested for not showing ID and and
I followed your advice in the Senate
that I said you know I'm gonna I'm gonna
de-escalate I'm not gonna you know I'm
not gonna get irate I'm not gonna yell
I'm not going to be confrontational they
you know they came charging at at us in
this scenario and what I saw was an
opportunity you know if you feel like
challenging it bit down say cool I'm
gonna get a lawyer and that's what we've
done in this case we've got challenging
that so if what I would what I would ask
you is to see then if there's this
barrier for state power is it could be
limited to when there's a suspicion of
having committed a crime that you can't
violate someone's right to just exist to
be somewhere with a you can't interfere
with that you can't stop them unless you
know they've been accused of a primary
suspect them of a crime like what what
is the basis that you would see for that
or are you just seeing it as legal
precedent so the moral basis that I
would view for most of these things is I
don't actually intrinsically care about
like a person's individual freedom or
any of that as an end to itself I see
all of these as a means to achieving the
end of securing the greatest amount of
happiness for the greatest amount of
people and so when I say happiness I
mean like socially so like we can go out
and get jobs and go to school and travel
I mean politically we can vote in free
elections hopefully that are not being
tampered with
economically that we have the means to
secure you know like work and then buy
things for selves like these types of
things so this is generally what I'm
looking at maximizing so when it comes
to like dealing with police and like
what should they be allowed to do what
shouldn't they be allowed to do having
it so that a police can like walk up an
ID any person they want I don't see a
reason for it as far as I'm aware like
the empirical data on things like stop
and frisk just aren't
sort of like police use it to just abuse
people they racially target people they
don't actually like come up with any
kind of meaningful charges like it's
really dumb but like when you talk about
something like something I was kind of I
was kind of back and forth on sometimes
they do the DUI stops where they'll just
have like a cop set up and like when
people are driving down they do stuff
everybody checking from DUI initially I
was kind of not okay with that but I
mean if this does a really good job at
keeping drunk drivers off the road you
know I don't know if I want to subject
you know when my son becomes a teenager
I don't know if this is something that
keeps other drunk drivers off the road
from like colliding with them and
killing him I'm probably okay you know
in this case with a with your travel
being encumbered okay so your so when I
see even that that bigger goal of
maximizing happiness anything that you
do as a central planner has you know all
of the fallacies of central planning
that that drove the risks all the
unintended consequences
and I'm gonna use that as an excuse as I
would say and you know you would call it
reasoning but is it bounce to me like
it's an acoustic state then then we
don't have to adhere the base moral
principles that we would and you say you
don't believe in brights and I
understand the beacon did this people
get kind of semantics but that's just
the right can be a fine but do you
believe that in a fundamental ethic wait
you're the last thing you just said kind
of cut off a little bit can you say that
again do you believe in a universal
moral I can answer that can you talk a
little bit more though so I understand
what you mean when you say that right is
there I don't know if there's like a
threshold you can set for the microphone
or be a little bit closer sometimes it
cuts out I don't know why okay is it
just my end or is he cutting up for you
too I'm also hearing it okay just so
that I don't miss the sentences maybe
just a little bit low so tonight but
okay yeah sorry go again maybe if I just
hunched over like this in my mouth a
little bit better yeah it sounds really
good right now yeah hunched over solving
to technical difficulties issues I don't
know but the idea that the libertarian
philosophy is based on a universal
ethical standard based on you own
yourself and when you when you talk
about maximizing human happiness you
know I don't want to look at policies
and say well I'm gonna tinker with this
or tinker with that or I'm gonna be a
better central plan or I'm gonna make
decisions for other people based on
their happiness I'm gonna look at
fundamental ethical principles and when
you look at what maximize happiness than
an individual relationship between good
people or and there's any group of
people you always look at what what is
the the detriment to that happiness in
most cases and of course you can say
that want is a detriment you know and
this is you know we can we can get into
you know the concept of positive and
negative rights if you want to you try
to parse that out of if that's relevant
but that the dictum the absolute
standard for what maximizes a
relationship between individuals is that
there's no violence there's no coercion
and anytime you have a relationship
that's not voluntary
where there's a winner and there's a
loser right someone objected or
someone's individual will it means the
bird and what I want to be as a world of
nothing but when win relationship and
this isn't a state and one of the ways
that libertarianism as a political
philosophy has been missed presented is
that it you know government bit
government that and so I will use the
example a lot of people think of look
protectionism drove got in the sense
that it absolutely is but at a deeper
level II it's Pro private property you
have a right to own whatever property
you want on your own land if you're not
hurting anybody else have metal and
anything you want you're not threatening
anybody else no one has a right dater
with that similarly I have a right on my
property today no guns allowed on my
land and if you bring a gun onto my land
then you're violating my right as that
property and if a bunch of people want
to form a community where they say guns
aren't allowed and they come together
voluntarily and they don't force that on
anybody else they have that right so
it's not that government can or
shouldn't this but you can have as much
government as you want as long as it's
voluntary and this is where you know if
you define government as a coercive
monopoly as as I do that's how I use the
word and it's fundamentally unethical
it's holding us back from that potential
ideal of society well we're gonna train
reform into something voluntary well
that wouldn't really be aconite so I
kind of want to test one of your ideas
here so you told me that like securing
the rights of people that that resides
in like a fundamental moral area for you
that's like fundamentally kind of what
you're building off of is it well I
wouldn't say securing because the Tyrian
suggests a a proactive disturbin
affecting the natural state of Bright's
that an individual consciousness in its
own body has stopped okay so respecting
other people's rights not necessarily
with some third party but just
respecting other people's rights is
that's the fundamental moral thing that
you're trying to get out right
right there's a universal standard of
ethics that would non violence sure okay
so this so fundamentally this is where I
disagree so I kinda I just want to ask a
couple questions and then we can gotta
see if we agree or disagree on this so
if I would deposit two worlds and I were
to say that in one world everybody's
rights are respected everybody adherence
to the non-aggression principle they all
have their private property they don't
interact with one another let's say that
in this world
you do have optics and things like crime
or disease or other warring factions can
come in and kill groups of people or
whatever and then in another world it's
entirely centrally planned so the amount
of freedom that you have is severely
restricted but you don't have these same
like epidemics of crime or disease or
other people coming in and killing your
people
which of these two worlds do you prefer
and why there's it's funny I have a
similar thought exercise that I take
would rather live in a world where
government is huge but peaceful and runs
half the economy but only experts enough
coercion maintain those monopolies and
more or less provides what the market
would or would rather live in a
government or under a government that's
tiny but murders 1% of population at
random and the question is how do you
measure the evil of a government and how
much the take is our natural state of
harmony so you can look at those kinds
of outcomes as I understand that your
your question there is getting at a
slightly different angle in terms of the
out on my just clear on my question I'm
just trying to figure out because you
said that fundamentally what you're
worried about is like the net this
natural state of harmony or people's
rights and what I'm trying to push you
on that to see if that's really what you
care about because cuz it seems to me
that if you had a fundamental claim here
if you fundamentally cared about
people's rights that you'd be ok with it
even if they let people into like dying
or something right if more people died
or more people were subject to crime but
if you say well on that case I don't
think I would care then that means
there's something more fundamental that
we need to get that's what I'm curious
but I have a couple ways I want to go
about it sure and one of them is the
defining crime right and this is where
you're saying that if it's if it's done
by government it's inherently not crime
and and I would disagree and I think you
would agree you have to have the same
objective analysis the government and
give government to pass they will this
because they a group of people call
themselves government it's okay for them
to murder or steal and when it comes
down to a taxation to them that's that
either government owns you
or when it threatens you with force or
forcefully taking your cup away if you
don't pay taxes that means that they are
using violence against you in order to
take your stuff that's a form of that if
you live under a government that's doing
that all the time that taking 50 percent
of your income as it is today for the
average American if you add up all the
fees fines and government half the year
and and that's a form of theft that's a
great crime if you look at all the
crimes committed by the US military well
so like - well it's just kind of moved
through these one at a time I'm not sure
if I would agree that the average
American pays 50% of their money to
taxes the government that seems kind of
acceptable know it's if you had if you
had direct taxes but if you go like the
cost of banking in the inflation tax you
add up everything I understand the
payroll tax direct taxes and sales taxes
are only less when you add up all the
compounds other compounded different
taxes that you pay and all the processes
that go into writing or the
the average American average working
American that's okay I think I would
challenge a lot of the math used to get
there but I guess it's kind of a
different conversation I will take issue
with this idea that like taxation is a
form of theft I think it's pretty rare
that people take things from you and
then leave you something in exchange for
them I don't know if I necessarily agree
with that and then also like for someone
if I mean the Mafia provides protection
for people that subject to a protection
service they give something back but
it's not what you want we don't have a
choice
it's still
I mean I guess but we have a choice in
terms of like who our leaders are like
we vote on these people democratically
and that's kind of the agreement that we
make as a state of people to live
together and do that right to vote on
our leaders but if you're in the
minority in an election and you vote
against something you don't have you
don't have a right to opt out it's mean
well you do have a right to opt out
right you can leave if you really don't
want to be here right if you want to opt
out of the state you can leave you can't
be free on your own land in the United
States you can't pay my right to do
business with wanted to be free in the
United States wouldn't you be
disrespecting the non-aggression
principle because you would have to
capture land back that's already
federally owned wouldn't have to be
stealing that back from the United
States the government claims land
actually this you know this this might
get to a more fundamental question if
you want to go this way with it that you
know if you say that the government has
special ownership rights over people
because they playing this territory you
know what is the legitimate playing to
the owning land and this is where I you
know I would believe in the principle of
home you can't around a million acres
and state you know well because I say so
that's all mine well that's what so just
so real quick just to get through some
of these to hammer this so you said that
you bought land just because you buy
land doesn't mean that you own it as
like an autonomous state right so like I
own land in the United States but I
still have to pay property taxes on it
because I recognize that like it it
still falls under the authority of the
United States government and then in
terms of like what does a legitimate
claim to owning land I mean you said
that you are very much a big believer in
like private property right so I mean if
you wanted to throw up a big million
acre a big fence around a million acres
I mean as long as it's your property I'd
imagine you think you would say you'd
have the right to do so no no I know
there's a certain reasonable standard of
what qualifies as homesteading because
part of the standard that's expected
here is that every human being on earth
is a right to equitable access natural
resources if I'm this is why I got 10 a
reasonable amount that I I've instant
I'm using it I'm building not it I'm
developing it it's a reasonable space
for you know single-family homes that if
I were to put up you know like
surrounded million acres that would not
be legitimate name to that property
because I can make a reasonable pace but
I was like using as well I what you like
homestead things out for like if you
what about when we talk about like
Natural Resources like fossil fuels or
how would we set up like a city where it
nobody is allowed to theoretically
interact with another person's private
property they don't give consent to it
like what if I just bought like that
like New York like time central or
whatever and I'm like I don't want
anybody to come here anymore like how do
we deal with things like roads and
whatnot we have setbacks and he's meant
to imagine I mean a lot of people it's
funny you go straight to the roast a lot
of a lot of people who are libertarian
ask you know almost almost deceased
without knowing who's gonna build the
roads and of course I know you asking
the question that way but a deeper look
really about how do we manage shared
property you and I think when we have a
system that's based on respect for
individual rights is based on
non-persian it's based on non-violence
and in cooperation rather than a single
course monopoly then we're gonna have a
better system and there are already ways
that we do and have people are happier
than when we have a coercive centrally
planned system that is obviously
corruptible and inherently tramples
individual rights as well let's say you
have like let's say you have like a city
that's growing and everybody has their
individual homesteads and there's like
one guy that's holding out in the middle
and he doesn't want to give an easement
with anybody and it disrupts the entire
flow of this entire city like how would
you deal with somebody like that or what
if what if like three or four property
owners got together and they said no
trespassing between all of our
properties and it ends up blocking off
access to like an entire part of a city
or something how would you do that real
situation that we face today in a lot of
cases they think it I think it's a diner
and is it Austin
I think it's Austin or theirs if there's
a diner downtown these Pixies you know
like really cool structure yeah guy was
gonna sell it to a developer who was
gonna build it out as a a multi-use
building with you know retail underneath
and then I'm sorry was indent
and there's if anybody wants to check on
the news this is on Drudge Report this
morning actually and the developer
wanted to buy out the property and put
in this big moat they use Archer and it
was the Historical Society that actually
came in and said no you can't that we
want your building that you own to be
designated as a historical monument so
that it can't be developed so in this
case it's collected that's being used in
the opposite way that the opening
development and but but still
interfering with property right so if
the people want to keep that building
there if they want third for historical
purposes but they don't own it the right
of ownership still need to be respected
how do they achieve that goal well they
have to offer the owner more than you
know more money or a better deal and
whatever way them and what this
developer is pain though talk about the
challenge in terms of developing think
when you have being for free your vision
when you want built and in that case you
don't have a right to bulldoze someone's
home because you want to put it around
it and if you can't get them budged then
that's a pity you know like you can't
just violate that guy's ownership or
that family and oh you're your own can't
be here anymore
I'm just something I carry just one but
if you want to develop that city however
you want and you want to start fresh if
you want to bring a bunch of people
together you're on a homestead new land
and this is one of the things that we're
governments on the way today I'm
preventing you I want you to have that
right to be able to set all that great
your own okay so so backing up let's say
that I get into a thing where let's say
that I'm very wealthy for whatever
reason and I go into cities and I just
start buying out land in the middle and
then saying I don't want anybody to go
on it and I try to destroy cities that
way what would keep me from doing
something like that
well you say deploy a study it would be
just purchasing and doing something that
you want with it
if the either you have economic system
now when you when you stay that with in
today's world under government which
creates huge concentrations of wealth
power that is a real hypothetical
problem because you do have no things
like Epstein's island right where you
know a guy who without a government
managed economy without the
opportunities that corporate and all the
other things probably wouldn't have the
kind of money that he does is able to do
something like that and you you have you
know a world of where the economy is
based on the US dollar as the hope
currently in the petro dollar the
Federal Reserve System it creates up
with a natural concentrate wealth power
industry things like that but if you've
had a state where those those didn't
exist and I know that that's a long
process to work for that fear of of just
some rich [ __ ] coming in and doing
something weird like that that would
take something very valuable and display
it would could be a lot more likely but
in the hypothetical event that happened
whatever these courses that are there
whatever demand there is some people I
mean if they would destroy that City
well if there's a community there if
there's a people there who want that
need to exist maybe they don't get to
use that exact land or those exact
buildings but they can create they can
rebuild they can you know whatever got
that city to be there in the first place
could be done again and without that
economic imbalance probably be done in a
way that would better I want to say for
instance like if I were to look at a
place like San Francisco let's say that
I stepped in and I started like buying
like like say like I bought like the
Golden Gate Bridge and then I said I'm
gonna put a house the middle here and I
don't want people to travel anymore or I
moved over a lot like the like the
bridge that goes over to Oakland or
whatever and I bought that or do you is
are you just gonna wait for hopefully
some private owner to just build a whole
other bridge and maybe let other people
use it or like how do you resolve
yes the Knitting challenge but I don't
think it's a very realistic one and I
get the hypothetical possibility right
now you know you put in Golden Gate
Bridge because and I have if forgive my
ignorance even having been born in San
Francisco I don't new actually owns the
Golden Gate Bridge
I don't know video sample though for the
state or the county or some other
governmental organizations but one of
the things that they do in doing though
is legitimately decentralized be the are
control of that large communal resource
that is the Golden Gate Bridge and in
and other stuff that is a legitimate
function that government is urban that I
support and and as we were to localized
simply that controlled globalized and if
we were to eventually completely
privatize it would be with a very
distributed ownership with a lot of
spare holders with a lot of individuals
who out of it would have an interest in
it and so it wouldn't be possible it
would be highly unlikely for them to
give it up to someone because it would
have more value as that resource being
muna Lyon or being of great public
distributed operative and being publicly
available again it's like you said with
the leaders you know some billionaire
could buy out large portion and going
there it's it's growing value you know
what is the incentive to Detroit value I
don't think it's really their incentive
would absolutely be there like I think
if I could do it out of spite I could do
it because I see the potential to make a
lot of money like maybe I maybe I see a
certain bridge and I want to buy every
bridge and turn it into a massive toll
bridge like I think that people could
absolutely do something like this I
think really important because I think
that would provide an I was at a full
group what I think I think the system
that you would have in that world where
you know where that that's a real is
better than living in the world where we
have all the consequences and real
problems will see us in planning that
will tell you today so you're
essentially kind of talking about coops
at this point right
well did a lot of what you raised this
challenge is about you know being in
resources and you know infrastructure
would be yeah absolutely
okay so let's say that you have a city
then where somebody buys the bridge and
let's say we well who even decides how
to distribute ownership of that of that
land what what kind of body do you have
her or who is making the decision to say
that like okay well this is something
that we need to have like some kind of
quasi public ownership in right well if
this were to happen in the future when
these things are being developed I knew
then you would have whatever agreement
brings together from the people living
in that area from the people who are
investing in other people who have an
interest from the customers who are
going to make that available resources
as it is today what I suggest and I kept
it out of my introduction but I am
running for the Libertarian Party
nomination for 2020 on the platform of
dissolving the federal government and
regardless of you know your political
orientation this is something that is
more likely to get you what you want
when government is localized and we take
the federal government through a
peaceful orderly responsible bankrupt
process at the pistol 50 independent
date of course up to 560 and finally
truly sovereign Native Nations and
secure what I suggest in this bigger
process to get back to it okay
commercial over back your balance here
location would be how you would achieve
that and that as you pointed which you
know everybody within an area would have
a claim they a share or everybody who
happens to be that has been a city would
have you know one voting share in what
would happen if you were to get the
people who have the shares of this
bridge
what if somebody would just show up and
start buying out their shares and then
somebody gets 51% of the shares of a
bridge and decides to either shut it
down or not allow people to cross it
anymore possible but again in a market
the incentives create value not to
destroy value I mean I I will maybe this
guy this guy could own a sea
to the south and he wants to see that
city grow maybe he owns like a lot of
like shares of land or businesses in
that city and maybe if he shuts down the
Golden Gate Bridge he'll get a whole
bunch of people to move out of this city
then go into the other one where he owns
successful businesses in okay I really
appreciate like wait wait I'm sorry real
quick your mine keeps cutting off the I
don't know if there's like an air
conditioner or something in the
background or like a fan but it sounds
like something yeah it sounds like
sometimes there's like something in the
background anyway we've been really gone
it off do you know what if what about
this like all of these you know well
well Adam but in your world I'm gonna be
like this bad thing happened and you at
no point in just reading what I have
asserted that non-violence is better
than violence and human relations that
didn't make the world perfect at that in
a recent problem and and really the the
they go on the other way and that if
you're advocating for state violence
you're advocating for a centrally
planned or essential planning authority
that day that would buy your vision of
the greater good have the right to
violate individual rights I would say
well what happens when it started what
happens when you have a police state
what happens when you have what happens
when you have a way corruption well yeah
but like the difference is that like in
the current system we have now ideally
and I would say that in the American
system it seems to work this way we have
means of resolving these disputes like
in your world the only way to resolve
these disputes is through force of arms
there is no arbitration in your world
there is no but I mean like well real
quick is like you you say these are
insane hypotheticals but these are
pretty basic questions about how would
you resolve a dispute between
ship of like social goods or whatever
these are all been like pretty basic
questions and it seems like without some
type of central body that everybody has
agreed to invest power into there's a
million ways that this type of stuff
could get absolutely destroyed and the
argument here that like well people
always want to create wealth and create
value they only want to do that in a
local sense like generally if we believe
you know in the invisible hand and Adam
Smith and everything people at people
are generally only incentivized to
create wealth for themselves and if they
can do it will destroy wealth for other
people I mean even on our current
capitalist system we see people do that
for instance with patent trolling where
people will invest large amounts of
monies to destroy other businesses so
with the patent itself it is but I'm
saying that you know yeah I understand
that but in your world I control so much
harder I could literally buy like I
could literally buy access to rivers and
then close those ports down and say like
sorry I own this now you guys aren't
getting any more water unless you either
pay an exorbitant price where you move
out and go somewhere else like this I
don't see how you would avoid these
abuses in your world when you have no
and we haven't even gotten into the
bigger problem you said would you want
to make 50 autonomous states
well what if say Mexico or Canada was
like oh cool well we're just gonna roll
in and maybe take over Texas or maybe
take over you know like North Dakota
because you guys aren't gonna be able to
effectively defend yourself like how
would any of this work being the evils
that the government can commit and
actually been a part of that myself the
founders of this country were Binkley
again what big standing army what we
call a military today and what they
favor militia that's they knew that the
military was right for abused and behind
your question there I think and what it
worked immediately as I was giving out
as this is the very big lie that we are
at a young age in the United States that
wars were fought between country you
know that it was you say you know but if
Mexico wants to do this I'm gonna this
you know whatever we're talking in in
elementary school the first time we're
taught about history and it was the
United States versus Germany versus
Japan versus China and the wars are
fought
just understand what is her total
monopoly on violence that wars are not
fought between country they are
productive by governments using violence
to expand connection and when you tell
your government yet please rule me
government me bended me over and take
half my income that's what makes you a
juicy target for another government it
would come in and govern you and the
ultimate defense is the factors new is a
well-armed population their refusal to
be governed by anyone and as Gandhi
proved the well our art is really
calling that nonviolent resistance
perfect well but I mean like we said so
I don't know where you deployed to but
like this doesn't work like Isis is a
collective body that was very well-armed
that got a lot of funding from outside
states and was able to collectively arm
itself absolutely rolled through and
destroyed villages of like Kurdish
people that are armed I don't think
having like individuals that that have
guns is going to stand up to some sort
of like governing body that is organized
that can roll through and destroy you
know everything about you but then earth
that doesn't matter though you if you're
in an unorganized area like if you if
you have like a bunch of people that are
libertarians you you can't tell
everybody else by whatever means
together to be organized if you
compromise your most optimized achieve
it then you're gonna be works often if
you come together effectively and a
voluntary means to come together
cooperatively you're going to have a
better defense and if anything having a
military makes us last day and I don't
just mean to the wars and this is really
important to take the historical
perspective here do you know dr. Steven
Pinker better angels of our nature The
Supremes violent
I know if Pinker but I haven't read any
of his books now this is great TED talk
the surprise find and violent and I
disagree with some of his analyses in
conclusion but the one thing that he
really demonstrates irrefutable is that
human violence is on the decline we're
living in the peaceful times and
humanists and not only that but all
those kind of radioactive decay that is
consistent throughout history and of
course it's a jagged line you know just
before the fact but the clear historical
trend of it coming down over time is
very different with me I see apparently
connect to the nature of progress isn't
life that we get more peaceful over time
we get less violent it gets more and
more difficult to lie to us and get away
with what governments you need to do
make for some course Wars happen where
you can get you know thousand billions
of gullible young men who've never met
each other meet in the middle built and
and commit murder because they're
wearing different colors and this idea
in and of itself is just insane when
you're able to understand it
in a world where government is able to
dominate communication wait sure my
understanding of Pinker though is that
like Pinkard literally argues that the
state is necessary to in a forest like
the safety of its people that like a lot
of the literature that he writes about
is how the States States themselves have
done a good job at decreasing the amount
of violence that occurs in a population
right and this is where he conflate the
ideas of government versus what humanity
and society is capable of with
acknowledge being where one of the
inclusions is incorrect although he is
correct in pointing out that as an
institution that they does deserve a lot
of credit for this decline in violence
and he credits another of things partly
the conglomeration of debates the
creation of large groups data from
smaller states and the technology being
applied in in spying private and that's
a I don't just you just account of
history but to say that it's necessary
that for the future is an entirely
different proposition and in a world
where we see decentralization more
common we see decentralized Istanbul
Isis it's not the government didn't have
some role in getting us to the point but
we can do better now that we can see
past reliant on these
systems of violence and it's true that
if you don't know any better and that's
the only way you have to get a job done
alternative I but I mean I think that I
mean this is really hard cuz it you're
basically you're kind of making like the
socialist argument that like everything
we've done has gotten us to this point
really well but now we're ready to like
advance beyond something different so
socialists argue that like cooperative
well no because because like when you
say for instance like collectivization
or like like like the collection of
power within governments or whatever has
made things worse that's that's just not
true
like the integration for instance of the
United States the the integration that
exists within our 50 States has been one
of our greatest powers the measure of
evil of how much they violently natural
state of harming then I'd rather live
under a big government okay yeah I mean
I would I would much rather live under a
big peaceful government than a small
violent one as well I guess I feel like
the good that we get out of our
government like dramatically overrides
the violence that the government used to
use this to do things like collect taxes
I think that's what's in May I'm not
making an argument that everything was
completely bad or that there are no good
things that come out of government
understand look at how we come together
as a society look at how we have
progressed refine and violence is that
is an elevation of ethics do we have
gotten more ethical over time we've
gotten more harmonious or sexual and
individual rights do we have embraced
the basic idea don't hit don't still
don't Hill and that we've come to the
point where we just take this little
exceptions recover don't hit don't kill
unless you're opera soldier or an IRS
well to be to be clear this is not this
is not directly equivalent right like
the reason why the government has the
powers that it does to an act of
violence is because as a civilization we
have collectively given government those
powers that if the majority of people
wanted to remove those gut powers from
government we could do it we could just
vote for people that we're anti status
or vote for people that were anti police
or whatever but it seems like
electively we don't want that well you
can't delegate or write if you don't
have like I don't for right to say I
don't like what drugs you're doing so
I'm gonna kidnap you and lock you in a
box and I can't they well then I will I
hired a cop to do that well but we do
that all the time what do you mean when
we do things like the war on drugs we
voted to lock people in prisons for the
drugs that they do how can you say we
don't do that right so what I'm saying
is that you're being a party to a crime
you're not delegating it right do you
don't have that right as an individual
oh well I mean like you say you're gonna
yeah I I don't agree with this at all if
the collectively if we've agreed to
enable the government to have a certain
right if we as a society is consented to
it then I mean you you can delegate that
away the same way that if somebody is
into like if somebody is into getting
hit during sex right we wouldn't say
that hitting somebody who likes and has
asked for it oh well they've just
delegated away a crime well no they've
consented to that activity the same way
that as a society we kind of consent to
giving government the power to enact you
know violence to ensure that society
functions in a certain way oh you're
saying that then that violence can be
used against individuals doesn't what
you're doing is setting up but
non-voluntary really it's not obviously
it's not like it you know a lady's a
sexual relationship where someone says
well you have pay for it and you pop it
at any time but you know talking about
towards the government that is quo that
your argument or that we have today is
the debate on a really dangerous logical
fallacy of guilt walking pretty based on
if people stay at right okay and no
matter how many people vote for
something no matter how many people that
do something it doesn't make it right it
doesn't make it good for everybody
people can be wrong they can be fooled
they can be unethical and they can be a
collective ethical activity I mean
about to murder you that doesn't just
make it okay to murder you also I mean
it really depends on exactly what we're
talking about for if enough people say
something is right it's okay like I said
there's a fundamental difference when
somebody breaking into your house and
stealing $30 versus as a society that we
all live in and participate in and reap
the rewards of for if people vote to
race
I don't think that's the same type of
theft all right guys no you're saying
you're staying that so if I go to your
house today I'd say I don't like that
you're drinking alcohol the pointed gun
in your face man then you get down on
the floor but their hands behind your
back I'm going to cuff you and I'm
thinking I'm going to lock you in prison
somewhere that's wrong I can't do that
right you would agree I'm just kidnapped
being you the best then under salting
too but you're saying that magic I've
become essica load on and I go through a
training class and I become a policeman
many government passes a law that says
this is the drytown no it's okay now
it's now I yeah well yeah yeah yeah what
you just described is yeah that's yeah
of course that if you if somebody has an
individual were to do that then it would
be absolutely wrong but if some agent of
the state and the state is
democratically elected by a body of
people that vote people inside and then
that state collectively you know enact
some law and passes it through
legislation with democratically voted
people that yeah the state would have
the authority to send people in and do
that because that's what those people
have voted on now we can argue whether
or not that's a good or bad policy but
to say that that's the same as a random
person breaking into houses no no no
these are totally different there's
nothing fallacious about recognizing the
difference between a centrally consented
to governing body and acting you know
violence against citizens that have all
been voted on it versus like an
individual doing it in a renegade
fashion these are two totally different
things perhaps you think it's okay to
vote away individual digital rights are
subject to collective negotiation and I
say that's not true that individual
rights are based on universal ethical
standards and anytime you violate that
ethical standard you take humanity down
mr. Tonko that we are stronger as
they're happier even when we have
nonviolent and not coercive
relationships we have a standard of
ethic that you can rely on and I know
about knowing that your neighbors are
gonna respect that that you're not gonna
have us to do you know well we don't
like people who have brown hair and now
everybody's brown hair is gonna get
rounded up and then put it in amp
like that or whatever others nobody in
your area that could happen a lot easier
right like let's say for instance a
bunch of individual property owners come
together and in a state and they all
decide that they don't want to serve
brown people anymore and you're in your
country they could do that well you're
conflating things a little bit spring in
no wait wait let me just say this real
quick okay cuz you keep saying that I'm
like conflating things using a pause my
pickles so you just said that in your
area you can protect the rights of
certain people okay but I say I claim
that the government actually exists
because that's what ensures the rights
of people that rights don't mean
anything in a vacuum without somebody
else supporting those rights so the
example that I gave the hypothetical I
gave was I can illustrate that in your
system in a very easy way rights could
be violated and the example that I give
is let's say a collection of people come
together and say hey let's not serve
brown people in our businesses and we'll
all give each other preferential
treatment as long as we do that now you
have to answer how does your society
account for that or you have to concede
okay well in my society brown people can
be violated as well that's not like a
crazy hypothetical I'm not sidestepping
a completely the very very simple
challenge here's what you're saying is
that it was this kind of just get out of
what is the definition government and as
we have the government is territorial
monopoly force that is finally criminal
unethical way is based on violating
individual rights and your question is
basically add up and your ideal world
isn't it possible that nobody's rights
could get violate I would say yes but in
your world yeah but the difference is is
that in my world we have a check and
balance on it we have a Supreme Court
we've got three branches of government
like we can like we have some power is
there some checks and balances on it and
you can vote us out if you don't like it
we're in a market-based society in a
voluntary you have the immediate check
and balance is available
disassociation and taking your business
elsewhere I'd rather live in a world
where if you [ __ ] up you
consequences immediately rather than
well maybe you'll get paid leave no like
the problem is your urinalysis no no
this if this analysis isn't government
it provides the analysis that you're
giving is incredibly naive I'm not
saying that like one business would just
say no Browns here and now people are
gonna take their business elsewhere
clearly that doesn't work because if
that did work then we would have never
had racism in any part of the world ever
because people would have just you know
oh well I'm gonna lose money if I don't
do this there are cultural pressures
there are businesses that can give each
other perks or favors like hey I am a
business for instance that maybe I farm
corn on my thing I'm not gonna sell to
you if you sell to brown people it would
be incredibly easy to conceive of a cola
of a small collection of people that
could pressure business owners and to
not serve being brown people and I would
have no central authority or body by
which to override these people's
economic incentives to bend the knee
basically to a handful of racists you
don't have to use any imagination to see
the rate the war on drug this is the
current reality that we have where
because inhabit this thing that violates
individual right doesn't have the
protective violated people right
racism that exacerbate though racism and
some of these other it's more on on the
collect paradigm you can have racism
with and without government right I mean
we've seen horrific erases governments
throughout history obviously really the
greatest widespread crime of violence in
the name of racism have been done by
governments or rather by people except
if you believe in any sort of individual
universal ethical standard stuff which I
don't even believe in but if you believe
in that government has helped us make
more moral progress today than we ever
had in the past black people aren't
slaves anymore we have you know civil
rights in the country if you were
discriminated against you can appeal to
a central body to get these issues
looked at I mean this idea that like
we're not in a worse place morally now
than we were you know 100 years ago it
seems like we're making progress and the
government
larger and larger so great why I agree
they were making progress and really is
getting bigger and from having more
economic control over our lives but in
terms of being able to violent I
interfere with their lives it's actually
less powerful we have a radar search you
can check the power thing violating
those rights you know bring back to the
issues of police think that I'm actually
directly back against the Tao shalosh
new ID laws with that case and that's
what it takes is do when standing up and
fighting back is worthwhile and say no
government you can't do it and I know
you know that there is the these
patterns these today the greatest rights
violators in the roller
well you're begging it every time so
you've said this statement over and over
again but you're begging the question
every time you say that's kind of what
our the debate is about you can't keep
begging the question with that statement
you can't keep saying like the the
greatest violator of Rights is in this
governments when we're arguing about
whether or not the existence of a
government necessarily violates your
right right because obviously I don't
agree with that assertion no of course
not not not like objectively I mean I
can ask you do you can you find that can
you tell me where you can point to that
what is it that moral fact exists in the
world that you own yourself okay how can
I point to ownership how can I see that
what does that look like because you
absolute true role by nature right so
the very fact of you saying that is an
assertion of ownership is a concept
that's made by humans does it for
instance is a tree own the land that
it's on there's a rock on the land that
it sits on like ownership is this is
entirely human constructed this isn't
something that's found as a natural
world this is something we think up in
our minds so I don't know how you can
say there's some objective moral
standard that you're pointing to when
not really these are just like some
these are some ethical things that you
I did sound good which is great I mean
they sound good to me for the most part
they're not the most important things to
me but I agree with them but we we can't
pretend that we recognising these are
some objective fact and that the
government existing is like you know
impeding our progress towards these
objective facts like I don't think it's
a good statement to make okay so you can
criticize any idea that may be described
with the abstract a that's just on story
that's fine but what we're looking for
is how to maximize human happiness as
you said and this is where I think you
know we're coming from you know an
offense the same starting right how do
we maximize human happiness and what
mental rules do we look at the guidance
that could dictate our behavior that
they could provide some standard of how
to interact with other people to
maximize that and if you look at what it
means to be a human being to be again an
independent consciousness in your own
body control your thoughts control your
mind control your body and if we take
that as a as a fact of reality and yes
you can say it's a comment review
we're going to accept human beings
extent word but negate to confer your
human being
you think therefore you are you have an
independent consciousness you have your
own mind and body that you have a right
to that do own the disk does a standard
of ethic and it doesn't something that I
want respected in myself but I want to
see a world where this I don't want a
new a world where people of your line of
thinking but without your
open-mindedness and intelligence and
compassion that's you know lack of
ethical grounding or the Psychopaths
that be able to say no ethics doesn't
matter let's just go with this track
thing that's how we get populous that's
how we get you know sure but in your
world your your individual tribes would
be much more subjective to like harsher
governments anyway because they could
just roll through and take you over
because this is where I think again
Steven Pinker's showing how
or the prank pinker your sighting though
is massively in favor of the state I
don't know how you could cite him and
think that that's helping your argument
like he's massive because I'm beautiful
this is this is just yeah but I don't
know I don't know if it would be good to
try to pick to cherry-pick some of
Pinker's findings when his overall
conclusion is like massively divergent
from your own it's almost a 180 like his
conclusion and I think it's really that
we can well they did this thing that's
really important they figured they might
wrong about this but the work of Pinker
in the academic historical offensive
through and showing finance is
absolutely critical and really
underreported work that deserves greater
examination and I if anything refer you
to the work of Walter blocked out
professor at Loyola University who's
done a really great analysis of this
that I think is really worth where he
takes it for a third look at what Pinker
again is showing us this benign and
violent in saying that if you great
state violence in a way that Pinker
didn't that violence is actively on the
increase because government has gone up
the amount of our lives that are ruled
by coercion
okay of course all right do we want to
isn't like do we do questions and
answers yeah not a lot of not a lot of
funds back and forth and fearing off
that would make this pertain excellent I
really enjoyed it
I think the audience did as well and
we're excited to jump into these
questions by the way anybody if you have
questions forgot to mention at the start
if you want to put
just an at modern-day debate depending
on how much time we have we might get to
them and if you put at modern-day debate
in the live chat I will scoop those
questions out put them in the list and
we'll try to get through them all so 100
percent of super chats will go to the
Breast Cancer Research Foundation today
so if you want to send in a super chat
know that all of it will go to research
for breast cancer and if you anybody if
this is your first time to the channel
and you're like you really like actually
donate it let us know shoot me an email
at modern-day debate at gmail and all
sends you the receipt I usually send it
to the debaters afterwards for
record-keeping but I'm all scented to
anybody so with that thanks for your
super chat a movie Theory who said
thanks for hosting this this is awesome
thanks that means a lot Steven Steen
thanks for your super shot he said gosh
I bet cops are excited to stop and frisk
James that's really sick but thank
Stephen I appreciate them he's a regular
huh
Steven Steve thanks for your other super
chat he said this is an excellent
discussion if hip cheerios I don't know
what that means but I'm glad you enjoyed
it Steven this has honestly been a true
joy for me as well d Mila C Ronan can do
she thanks for your question he said ask
Adam if he believes in women's rights
such as abortion if he says no he's not
a full-fledged libertarian that
challenge well actually I have a better
response to that if you don't think
you're the only real libertarian you're
not a real libertarian so yes I
absolutely do believe in women's rights
when I talk about rights I'm actually I
say vegan ish because I'm not
particularly strict about it but you
know I believe that the rights that we
talk about are really universal to
consciousness and so I absolutely
believe in women's rights as much as
men's rights and and the rights inherent
with self ownership and you know if it
when it comes to abortion the whole
because I know that let me just wrap
this third rail with both
and hey you know I I have the
opportunity to avoid it with this but no
when it comes to abortion the challenge
of pro-life pro-choice is really an
unfortunate way of polarizing and I
think there's a way of addressing the
fact that that a child or you know an
unborn child is an independent life and
owns itself and if their owns herself
and Bill has the right incumbent with
ownership of her body and that the
government should have nothing to say of
them you got it thanks so much for that
question and for your response Adam and
then bolt clicks and we're Don's I found
a pronouncing he's ready thanks for
subscribing glad to have you here or saw
that during the stream and then next
Tyler Durden thanks for your question he
said for both does private property
violate the MA P he said private
property carries an implied threat of
violence if another person refuses to
recognize your ownership and tries to
use it do you want to go first uh well I
mean I don't really believe like in the
nap so I don't know how I couldn't
answer I mean I don't know if private I
mean I imagine that your response would
be something like everybody has a right
to some private property and it's like
an extension of your own autonomy so of
course your own autonomy isn't violated
by exercising it over some private land
I'll be my guess but right the only
thing I would really add to that is an
important understanding of what this
comes down to in terms of dispute
resolution is something I got from a
friend of mine Mike Nelson who's the
Army Special Forces veteran who's uh
blind as a result of his service in
Afghanistan and and and other
experiences he had in the military
medically with that and he really just
has a beautiful attitude about this that
you know someone comes and steals your
stuff and you go hey well are you
stealing my stuff I might assume you
wanted a few bringing it to you know
food stores to survive to live you know
I want you to be able to do that and and
it really comes down to you know what's
worth defending and in a sense you have
no right you have a plane to defend it
but the better approach again
affecting the non-aggression principle
but the idea of maximizing value and
non-violence is that you know you're
only going to go after something if if
it creates more value right so if you
know if kids breaking in my backyard and
you know that because they were starving
and they stole some food you know I'm
not gonna go to them that's a ridiculous
ridiculous disproportionate use the port
though in and of itself the ownership of
private property doesn't I direct
violence or have the threat of violence
it's really just to claim you've got it
thanks so much
next up we have Walter White thanks for
your question you said what do you think
of the left-libertarians called
anarchists who see all the kind of
problems that you brought up today with
private property property and therefore
want to get rid of it I mean I'm not a I
think all of these are crazy I'm not a
I'm not a libertarian organ an art doe
so I mean I think that all of these I I
don't believe in any of these rights
whatever at some fundamental level my
fundamental thing is to maximize
happiness for human people and I think
that we when we come together
collectively and we organized under a
government that we can ensure that more
people have access to things that make
them happy that's my basis for it so I
mean yeah I don't know how I would
answer a liberty an anarchic communists
challenge to a libertarian that's not a
question for me and some people would
say that I mean I'm an anarchist you
define government as a violent
institution I think a non-violent
institutions and some people would say
well government can be non-coercive
government can be respectful of the
non-aggression principle in which case
well I'm not an anarchist so again it's
just the ethical part of this that comes
first and when those who drive
themselves as a narco communists or
socialists or and I don't like the term
preparing magic to it that's there
enough that if you don't have the right
to own property is an extension if you
don't have a right to Nashville an
individual human being on this planet
then you've got it
thanks so much and want to also mention
everybody I'm going to also in addition
to the YouTube links for both Adam and
destiny I'm going to put Destiny's
twitch link down in the description and
then also Adams PO cash for president
calm link down in the description so you
can check out those as well so those are
going in in just a second during the
stream and true gamer 69 thanks for your
question you said that if I may ask and
they don't mind answering who are you
thinking about voting for this election
season well I would be voting for myself
but as a convicted felon for civil
disobedience in my home state of Arizona
I am eligible to run for president but I
am not eligible to vote for myself but
for people who do want to support
dissolving the federal government and
you know this is a really fun debate but
it's totally off you know what I would
might like if my campaign manager was
watching this you'd be like Adam get
back on just talk about localization but
for me again localizing government
getting it down to the community level
no matter what your vision of government
is gets us more in line with our our
desires our needs you know everybody
gets what they want if you're a liberal
or conservative you don't have to see
the other as an enemy and you can say I
respect you living like that over there
and I respect you living like that over
there and and I think we have a great
crop of libertarian candidates already
I'm gonna check out lb torque and look
up something maybe there's some other
great candidates who want to bring the
standard of ethics to politics and if I
find me take this as an opportunity just
to get back
I I know that you have a very well
thought out no have a good understanding
of government and you have a very good
understanding of the political floppies
and in political visions and as you said
getting you know you're starting from
the perspective of how can we maximize
human happiness I would fail you you've
got to look for the all right sorry for
that sidebar I want you're gonna hear
last thing tonight you're gonna look to
the win yeah I absolutely do so my
background in like ethics our philosophy
is much better than my background in
political philosophy I don't actually
know much political philosophy at all
but but everything that I'm talking
about is has a foundation and and like
ethics and not as much in like political
philosophy of course at this point
honestly it's either gonna be it's
probably gonna be Biden it's probably
what I'm looking at yeah I don't know I
would have wanted somebody farther to
the left I got there but like the
policies of some of the more
left-leaning people are kind of stupid
and I don't know how far Warren is gonna
make it I think like Warren is probably
the one that I'm looking at right now in
terms of like my ideal candidate but it
yeah I'm not sure you'd prefer someone a
lot like if you could write your own
platform it would be closest Foreman but
basically you're thinking of supporting
by because you're more likely to defeat
Trump Biden is almost positively gonna
win the nomination so that's why I have
to support Biden in terms of who I would
really want in office it would probably
somebody significantly more left than
Biden because I want to kind of move
things back in that direction I think
we've moved like pretty far off to the
right in the United States right now so
when we're having questions of whether
or not we should even have universal
health care like that's a pretty scary
place to be and I think for the United
States so I would prefer somebody
farther to the left but I don't
necessarily like their policies so
somebody like a Bernie Sanders
right now I'm in California yeah I live
in LA I think you said you didn't yeah
oh well hey maybe we can hang out this
week so the the the calyx at the
California independence movement for
California being independent from the
countries you could have you know a
government more aligned with your values
but you give hook the opportunity to
support your standard long axis nope I'm
a huge globalist I think that the more
integrated the world becomes I think the
bed of the world becomes for everybody
the less problems other people have to
deal with the less problems that I have
to deal with if the Middle East was a
strong stable autonomous region or a
linked region with other people then I
wouldn't have to worry about me sending
soldiers from my country to go and die
over there like I'm very much bought
into like a globalist framework for well
know we become globalized to trade only
we become globalized to imperialism I
mean we have in the past but I mean I
would hope now that it would be feel
like like multinational trade agreements
of stuff so things like the TPP or NAFTA
or the European Union like these are the
things that I would look for it's a kind
of enforcer more globalized world not
like military conquest that were
isolationist because we don't want to
meet the world with military force that
we want more afraid I'm making gains in
that instead that with eyes together and
that's where I see governments as a
single greatest impediment that if you
want a world greater acted in commerce
but removing government barriers of
anything making government more open and
I get the temptation of things but let's
have one world government and and
absolutely don't travel within that I
think you'd be better off than and I
think more realistically going to
achieve that world that the rape when
could have never met localized and
easier to stand up against it in this
dirty economic rice and trade right and
they wouldn't have government as an
impediment
oh yeah I mean I I understand I just
totally disagree
I understand your point well that's that
really would be cool to see it through
that lens because when you and I both
take that approach how do we create a
world you go through let's create a
one-world government let's use the force
authority to do that I say let's t place
let's get out of the way and let
individuals in Iraq okay position and
views from that lens look even just
catch him next up we are gonna try to
fly through as many questions as we have
left so I have about minutes just so you
know so okay you bet I'm gonna try to
wrap up even just a couple minutes
before that to give you a cushion so ya
island on online news asked when is war
justified so I think that was meant to
be for both I would say meets the
standards of defense and and I'm not a
Christian but I believed the tenants
laid out in Christian Just War Theory
gave a pretty good standard for what
would constitute an ethical war but in
order for a war to happen of course
there has to be one site that's being
unjust gotcha
I mean I would say obviously in a
defensive or pre-emptive manner if we
feel like us or our interests are
threatened although when you say our
interests that gets really vague and I'm
not sure I don't know what I feel is
comfortable extending it to that but
then also if we have like a central body
like the United Nations that set
standards throughout the world for what
you can or cannot do like for instance
in terms of like gassing your people I
would argue that we probably have some
authority there under that larger
governing body to take action yeah you
bet thanks so much
next up slam R and oh wait I should ask
both of you firs if if you are okay with
you or yourself being asked if you voted
for a particular candidate in the past I
not particularly relevant to today's
discussion though it is juicy so I open
to it do you want to pass on those no
I'm happy to answer anything about my
voting record although I haven't been
able to vote I guess in in the last few
cycles I did vote for Ron Paul and I
registered Republican the Republican
primary to both Ron Paul in 2008 as a
resident in DC actually voted for sin
McKinney in 2004 I voted for Michael
Byrne Erik it was the libertarian
nominee it was the first time I got
voted for Ron Paul in 2008 I don't
remember it's a long time ago and then I
voted for Bernie Sanders I think in the
primary and then I voted for Hillary
Clinton and the general you got it
all right slam RN that was so slam asked
destiny if you if you voted for Hillary
so open about it thanks so much
Thomas see that's a juicy one a little
bit nervous don't ask that
can you ask destiny if you will be
coming on to the Raj Patel show
something yeah yeah that's what I have
to go on in like two or three minutes oh
okay all right and then we'll do this
last one Stalin stand news last bolongo
thanks for your question yes on the
topic of state violence what's Destiny's
opinion on this on Tigers work on this
subject this is a main question keep
going okay feeling well thank you so
much everybody we want to just say as a
reminder both of the gentleman's links
are down in the description and we
encourage you check out their stuff you
want to hear more go hit that subscribe
button over there and with that we will
wish you all a great rest of the day
thanks for coming by and any last
goodbyes from the speakers thanks again
for coming on guys thanks for having me
yeah James thanks and destiny I
appreciate your time and engaging with
this and James if you can share our
contact and I'd appreciate it and I
really think that this is there's been a
really good discussion as much as it's
been a little unusual for me getting
down to the heart of this and saying do
we have a universal standard of ethics
that we can bring into politics I say we
can I don't think it all has to be about
you know means justify to the ends that
there is a universal ethical standard
and I and for every libertarian who's
who's been pulling out their hair every
time they hear of a Ron Paul voter
becoming a Bernie Sanders voter this is
the guy you got to be talking to thanks
for having me this has been a pleasure
guys thanks so much for being so
diplomatic and for the rest of you based
your questions thanks for being here and
keep safe you know the reasonable from
the unreasonable take care everybody
Thanks
my pleasure thank you guys I totally
appreciate being here and I know you got
a rush so let me know if there's
anything I can do for you and I hope you
guys have a great day yeah thanks a lot
for having me I really pushed the
conversation
yeah and then you too right oh thanks
yeah just you know I just if you can
text me let me know I'm in town for
another day I don't know where you are
I'm out in Glendale but I got so much
[ __ ] scheduled between now and like the
next like two or three days but maybe
yeah well you should have my number
either way if you ever see another
opportunity where we can where and just
overlap happy - yeah sure thing yeah
I'll get it from modern day cool yes
yeah thanks a lot all right I'll take
this everybody take care guys so I guess
does good say a couple things about that
which I think
