so the people that drove the planes of
the 911 towers those guys benefited from
spirituality with most people benefit
from spirituality from them I mean they
personally benefited from ever the [ __ ]
what are you doing are you playing video
games
okay well two things the chat already
debated me in lied and said that you
were talking about the aunt stuff from
last night that's something that I think
we should talk about and if not that we
should also debate abortion because I
heard you're like pro-life but also
pro-choice or something sure um cuz you
know I feel like our audiences are
suffering there's a drought of content
and none of us are actually debating
anybody and I feel like because of that
you're like attacking random random Tea
Leaf whispers or whatever the [ __ ] on
the internet you're like horny for a
debate okay I mean I don't think so - I
usually debate what's in front of me and
when somebody puts like a psychic
[ __ ] in front of me oh it's probably
who I'm gonna be debating but I've
debated a lot dumber [ __ ] over the past
but okay all right let's start with the
let's start with the the ant stuff so I
agree with you almost completely but I
feel like using an extreme example in
that instance is the logical fallacy you
know especially when material harm is
the reason why we're having a debate
over whether ant is a bad person or not
or whether what he's doing is harmful or
not no we're not I was never having that
debate on material harm like exactly
well okay so what's your what's the
reason why are upset at ant then because
he demonstrates a really bad thought
process and I think a lot of people pick
up on bad thought processes and that
leads to material harm oh okay that's
interesting perspective so so your
problem with it is the spirituality
element sure when you're using on
material things to make material
decisions I think that's a big problem
because some people can use immaterial
things
to make very bad material decisions okay
I'm just I'm thinking right now I'm
thinking of like examples of like
immaterial things causing benefit in
people's lives like the the example I
brought up was the spirituality example
things that everyone uses things that
are demonstrably untrue or not proven by
science that people take for granted
because it gives them a sense of comfort
sometimes a sense of purpose now you and
I are in agreement that is usually bad
but what if it causes people to be happy
it's not what's more important as long
as it's not hurting anyone
no the thing is that you could probably
find other ways to make these people
happy if it doesn't make it so you have
to give a blanket acceptance to all
sorts of like pseudo scientific [ __ ]
nonsense um what do you mean like you're
saying that there are alternatives out
there - yeah sure so let's say for
instance somebody believes in religion
and that makes them happy well now we
have to accept all the goods and all the
Bad's of religion let's say religion
gives them a sense of purpose because it
gives them the community to be a part of
it gives them rituals to participate in
every weekend and it gives them things
to do they'd give them a sense of
purpose in their life right well we
could Emmaline although actual eise's
things right whatever you gonna say yes
I agree whatever goes Haggar yeah but
what we could do is we could find things
that aren't religion that could also do
these things so that we don't have to
say well since we're leaving just some
good things we should just have to
accept the bad things that come along
with that as well wait um let me
understand that correctly so everything
everything that religion has an answer
for or whatever contextualizes um you
can find in the material world you can
find through science and and things that
are measurable so that's why we should
abolish religion is that your
perspective no religion answers some
questions that I believe are
fundamentally unanswerable but it also
provides other material gains and
material benefits that I think we can
get in other places so for instance like
like we we gave rituals to religious
today we relegated that over over to
religious people and we didn't need to
right we could have rituals that atheist
participate in and we could have you
know ceremonies and we could have you
know buildings that people go to every
weekend to gather and culturally like
talk about things there's no reason why
that has to be a religious thing but for
some reason we I fully agree with you
yeah which is why I said that
I mean that that's that's the example
that I expand over to astrology and even
and I was talking about this earlier but
even like entp and like the myers-briggs
which is all also [ __ ] that I'm equally
I can't stand this stuff and I make fun
of it quite frequently wonderful okay
cuz you're trying to like you you keep
saying things that make you think we
have the same position but we don't it's
not that I can't stand astrology okay I
can't stand furries okay that's
something I can't stand it's not that I
can't stand astrology it's that I I
think it's a bad thing it's a
demonstrable bad thing if people want to
be furries I don't give a [ __ ] I don't
like it and I don't want it like bukka
furry or do free [ __ ] but it's fine I
don't hate it okay it's not like a bad
thing
astrology and myers-briggs jet these are
bad things they're different it's
different than just saying I don't like
it
right can you prove why can you prove
conclusively that like astrology type
thinking is leading to people
I mean leading people to do bad things
though sure like on a grander scale is
Cheerilee oh and you exhibit what so the
thing is is that there's an opportunity
cost with every belief you can only
generally hold like one of a type of
belief in your head at a time right so
like for instance if you believe that a
problem is caused because of some
astrological [ __ ] then it might make
you not look for the actual cause of
that problem right or if you're spending
time looking up the answers to your
problems in an astrology book you're not
spending that time looking up answers
and in some sort of medical text or some
sort of like therapy setting or whatever
right you've only got me but most people
don't even do that like you're you're
you're behaving in a way that like every
human being in the marketplace of ideas
is a rational and is a rational actor
making educated decisions perhaps this
is why you believe in free markets in
some instances as well that would make a
lot of sense but people aren't people
are just [ __ ] dumb the way I see it
is like some people are
beyond saving and I think that that's
kind of terrible sure when we have when
we're having this conversation but okay
hold on well do you think you know
there's no no no this is like an
all-or-nothing thing you're never going
to be like as strong as you could have
been if you would have started working
out when you were literally like three
years old right you know that right wait
I would never be as strong as I could
have been if I started working out on at
the age of three you were like lid if
you didn't dedicate your life to lifting
right you're never gonna reach that cap
right um sure
I mean there's a yes this is 100% yes
you have so many years in your life to
Train and if you don't spend them if you
don't know you start lifting before the
age of 18 and there's diminishing
returns as far as lifting and stuff
doesn't matter there's diminishing
returns he still would have been
stronger if you didn't start like as a
team like hard core lifting okay go on
right it's fine okay so because of that
should you just never lift then because
you'll never be like the perfect
idealized like lifter that you would
have been if you would have started as a
preteen no that's not what I'm saying no
no that's exactly what you just said you
just said that not everybody is like a
hyper-rational like agent I agree with
you obviously but just me no one hyper
action but just because people aren't
100% purely rational doesn't mean that I
don't get to advocate for rationality oh
well since people are stupid sometimes
I should just a little holder should
slide that's what you just said it was
the argument you just know that's
precisely why I agree with you no no
that's not the argument you just gave
you just said because some people are
stupid sometimes
you should let psychic [ __ ] slide by
that doesn't logically follow doesn't
make any sense I have I have a line that
I draw in the sand that I guess is
arbitrary you have you have a
no-bullshit approach to this sort of
[ __ ] you have a no-bullshit approach to
spirituality where you have no you you
give no concessions whatsoever whereas i
understand that people need spirituality
in some respects to to answer questions
that they otherwise cannot answer and i
think you admitted that in the beginning
as well in regards to religion and
because that always will exist i
understand why people would want to use
religion as a tool to do that to fill
that wanting that they have and because
of that as long as it's not causing any
serious demonstrable material harm i
don't have a problem with people going
around saying
this is kind of entertainment because I
think he like you pushed him very
correctly in the beginning to almost
admit that he is an entertainer that he
is just kind of doing this and that it
is a bit of a scam okay that's fine you
should never ever ever make another
video criticizing Alex Jones because
that's his exact excuse as well right
like a lot of what he does is like
really entertaining and that's it yeah
but that's a lot of he's a scammer I
mean we agree on this yeah but you're
saying I should just leave it alone like
like being like the fact that you'd even
bring up that is what you're saying stop
saying you're not saying and you're
doing the trader bags let me clarify
that let me clarify my position okay was
originally that I thought he went
scorched earth and you a
disproportionate in your retaliation
what do you mean I just shouted and I'm
on a [ __ ] podcast I'm not like trying
to de platformer shut down his channels
no I know I know I know I'm saying that
I was shocked and how angry you were at
this person who is like some random
twitch guy yeah I would like that you
would be too because this type of
thought is what leads people to being
anti climate change
anti healthcare anti immigration like
it's the same type of thought pattern
you have some [ __ ] idea that can't
be demonstrated in any part of the real
world but people will cling to it and
they will make material decisions based
on this absolute nonsense I would think
it would bother you too I mean this is
the type of show we argue about like
everybody I don't I don't see the line
between someone getting a tea leaf
reading for largely for entertainment -
oh I also am more likely or more
inclined to believe in [ __ ] okay I
swear I haven't looked at these numbers
but I'm gonna ask you a question if I
were to research anti-vaxxers okay and I
want to try not try to find out like if
they were more likely to be religious or
less likely to be religious an average
person what do you think I would come up
with do you think it would just be like
sorry if I were the people that were
anti-vaccine do you think they would be
more likely to be religious or less
likely to be religious than the average
person um we have no idea I would love
to find that out but there are plenty of
[ __ ] I mean there are plenty of
non-religious people
or anti-vaxxers as well besides up the
complete argument total nonsense
totally reason word your way out of that
argument with me you're gonna agree with
what I'm about to say they are also like
people who are like really into [ __ ]
people who are really into like
environmentalism and and like hippie
dippie that also believe in that kind of
like spiritual garbage to some respect
so you will agree they also are anti you
actors wait hoots how you said it one
more time I'm saying that you are
correct it's still in that same kind of
like anti science people believe in
don't believe in vaccinations anti
science people in general they don't
have to necessarily religious but anti
science people don't you think the same
type of thought process that leads you
to being religious could probably lead
you to being anti science or spiritual
yeah no I I don't disagree with you
argument then we agree on everyone but
I'm saying that like [ __ ] getting
your tea leaves red is very different
than like subscribing completely to
religion so much so that you don't
believe in science but no and not it's
the same the problem is you're so
focused on the conclusion you're
ignoring the fact that the thought
process is the exact same like yeah
obviously the conclusion is different
but that's boring we're not talking
about conclusions we're talking about
what is the thought process that it
takes for somebody to get there um I
mean the thought process being similar
doesn't mean that it's still no the
thought process is not similar it's
identical it's the conclusions that are
similar one is a lot worse
but the conclusions are similar but it's
the thought process that is identical I
don't need to worry about evidence-based
stuff that's not what's important I can
go by either how I feel or I can go by
whatever spiritual should I feel like
these are the thought processes that
would leave somebody to being religious
or an anti-vaxxer or into any other type
of spiritual stuff I feel like there are
plenty of people who are spiritual who
believe in like tarot cards or whatever
who also understand the importance of
science there are also plenty of people
that live well under capitalism so do
you support capitalism to you can you
keep using ilysm using a weasel dog
capitalism it's demonstrable more
harmful to the individual then then yeah
but there are more there are a lot of
people that live you honest
how frustrating is because what you're
doing is your hand waiting my ration out
no no no it's it's analogy to your
analogy you keep trying to hand with
what I'm saying this is a bad thought
process is that well some people do that
what does that mean yeah of course I'm
sure there are some people there are
probably some people that time you're
actually very successfully so you have
you have I guess you don't have
conclusive proof in either do I but I I
think that you're right I think that
there are plenty of people who believe
in religion and don't believe in science
but I think that people can use religion
for spirituality alongside still
believing in science I don't think that
like religion immediately destroys the
notion of science it's just a matter of
interpret it was never the argument I
never made that argument I said that the
type of thought process that would lead
somebody to becoming religious is going
to be very similar or identical to the
type of thought process that would lead
somebody to being anti science that's
why when we look up people to believe in
creationism a lot of them are probably
religious there's not a coincidence okay
hold on no I don't think sorry people
ever want people on me to ask you
questions like why do you think it's
okay for you community asked at a can or
whatever I don't think so I don't think
it was I don't think that was like that
crazy no all answered because there are
some people there are certain properties
of people that I don't care about like
people being considerate about if
somebody wants to make fun of somebody
for being an Isis or somebody wants to
make fun of somebody for being a KKK
member or somebody wants to make fun of
somebody for scamming people the psychic
believe it I don't care that's fine but
wait before we get to that how do you so
what do you think about scientists who
are religious men not Christian science
but like actual scientists who also
believe in like some form of
spirituality there are ways to be
religious where you can still follow
your [ __ ] science [ __ ] as long as
they don't let it like impact their
material decisions I guess it's okay but
I'll still prefer for them to not in a
similar fashion to someone could be a
scientist and then believe in like
[ __ ] psychic fairy [ __ ] or not even
believe in psychic [ __ ] but like
spiritual guidance which I largely
believe is [ __ ] of course this you
know you keep going past the point to
the problem okay
the exact same thing is I say well you
know this like soccer method no this is
like saying why do you for prom with
capitalism I can show you there are poor
people that have risen out of knowledge
because of capitalism that's exactly
what you're saying like there are some
science you're so far away you know
you're saying that that way of thinking
is not conducive with science you're
using absolutes which is why I said
that's not true here are some examples
of I mean here are some examples of
people that know what I just said is an
absolute thinking no they don't break
any rule they had it's called cognitive
dissonance there are people that follow
science that also are [ __ ] religious
but if I were to argue with those people
I could demonstrate that these two
things are incongruent with one another
that doesn't mean that every single
person is like you said earlier your own
words not every single person was
[ __ ] hyper-rational of course they're
going to be scientific people that are
that are philosophically illiterate or
that are religious I mean that's of
course a fact of life that doesn't mean
I can't discourage people or I shouldn't
discourage people from being religious
at all just because some religious
people are less stupid than other
religious people that doesn't logically
follow okay so you but okay maybe I'm
misunderstanding your position and it's
very likely but originally in the in the
beginning of the conversation you said
that in the beginning of the
conversation you said that you
understand that there could be a
positive outcome of religion and that
religion can provide answers for things
that are not falsifiable but not
demonstrable true either right that
nothing else can beyond like community
organization and beyond like teaching
people morality and what not though
those are things like teaching people
morality having a sense of community
having a sense of purpose you can find
that through material things and not
just the immaterial and and definitely
not through religion but there is a
place for religion in that respect right
and because of that I think you
understand that there are definitely
people who are capable of conducting
scientific research but also being
religious at the same time and given the
fact that there is spirituality does
provide some level of comfort for a lot
of people maybe not yourself or myself I
am I guess more open-minded to this sort
of [ __ ] spirituality as long as it's
not leading people down a
a negative route okay does that make
sense it makes sense it's just not it
just isn't
and now it's a follow it's not like
spirituality and all is in all aspects
is is like causing demonstrable harm
because that way of okay here you go
ready okay hold on it's not a causality
if it is it absolutely is okay ready
here okay I feel really I mean it's a
core there's definitely evidence that
that people who are anti-vaxxers are
also people who believe in [ __ ]
religion or people who believe in other
like spiritual [ __ ] but I wouldn't
say that that's a causal okay okay I
believe that my life is [ __ ] and I need
to do something about it and somebody
tells me that if I put a bag over my
head for three minutes that I will feel
a whole lot better afterwards so let's
say that I go into my [ __ ] closet I
put it back over my head
I've almost blackout or whatever and the
low oxygen or whatever I have like a
hallucination and I actually take the
bag off and I feel way [ __ ] better
okay and I'm like oh [ __ ] like this is
[ __ ] awesome I actually feel like way
better I'm gonna go do it to my kids why
the [ __ ] am I wrong to do that how could
you ever tell me that I'm wrong when you
just said well sometimes spirituality is
okay because that exact argument is
[ __ ] stupid as it sounds I know
everybody in your chats was like a bad
analogy well what if I chopped off part
of my [ __ ] dick and that made me feel
better because my religion tells me
other good things and I'm gonna chop off
parts of my [ __ ] kids dick it's the
exact same time of line of [ __ ]
reasoning like it's the exact same
argument why would I ever approve one
and then say otherwise I actually said
no because I actually just said that as
long as it doesn't [ __ ] cause any
sort of material harm or change you say
that if somebody believes in something
me I'm saying that we're talking about
my opinions versus your opinions right
now okay but you can't approve a thought
process and then only let that thought
process work when it causes the things
that you like to happen that's insanely
inconsistent like you're basically
saying well I don't care about this
process at all I only care about the
results and it's like okay well then
let's find a different way to get to the
results that doesn't endorse a process
that also gets as bad results to their
dozen take any sense I mean on the one
hand we're talking about the positive
elements of religion or at least like
things that religion can provide
people that other other like material
things cannot but then on the other hand
you're talking about the harm that
religion causes and I'm already
admitting to the harm that religion
causes so I'm just simply saying that
there are it is capable human beings are
absolutely 100% capable of being
spiritual and also not allowing their
spirituality to hurt others or cause
harm on others and I'm saying that
instead of moving fully to a rational
perspective which you and I have been
able to achieve in some respects I'm
saying that I understand that people
need spirituality
some people do so I'm fine with people
being rational and spiritual at the same
time especially I understand why I can't
say the same thing about capitalism and
I think you do say the same thing about
capitalism you say it all the time you
know I don't you I don't believe that
capitalism in and of itself is like
intrinsically a bad thing but like what
you're saying is that some people are
benefited by spirituality even if the
system itself might be [ __ ] but then
you'll say okay we're making a
transition from the immaterial to to
like an actual to something that's
completely involved with the material
well I'm just using your your rationale
your argument here is that even if even
if spiritualism class antagonism built
into the heart of capitalism makes it
impossible to co-exist where everyone
with with a certain set of goals if
everyone wants liberty and if everyone's
happiness and everyone wants freedom and
everyone wants to have some some of
those basic needs and necessities met
capitalism cannot exist in that plan
okay and I would argue that spirituality
or the thought process that art but you
and I both agreed that spirituality and
rationality can coexist in some respects
no right not if not if that's your not
if that's your bar that like it'll
fulfill like everybody's bar then what
do you mean my bar is it I want to take
a process that consistently produces
good results that's what I want and the
process of spirituality does not
consistently produce good results
sometimes it does sometimes it doesn't I
think that most of the good that comes
from spirituality can be gotten in other
ways and then we don't need spirituality
so if we don't have the bad but then
your argument seems to be this weird
well some people benefit from
spirituality so as long as it's like not
that bad I think it's okay everyone
benefits from spirituality in the
that they okay suicide bombers the
people that well get so the people that
drove the planes of the 911 towers those
guys benefited from spirituality with
most people benefit from spirituality
from them I mean they personally
benefited from however the [ __ ] they
were whatever the [ __ ] they believed in
yeah but obviously that is a undesirable
outcome that's a terrible outcome but
that's an insane straw man I've already
you know it's drama it's the same type
of thinking because that's not my
[ __ ] argument at all I already told
you like I even told you last night the
only part where I wasn't really
meaningless look if aunt was if aunt was
kind of like Tony Robbins who's
respected despite the fact that he is
genuinely causing a lot of [ __ ] harm
to people which we found out in in ways
that we didn't even know before as of
yesterday but if aunt got to a point
where he was charging people more money
or if he was actually telling them what
to do or if he was telling them that he
was [ __ ] you know listening to their
dead relatives and telling them in
taking advantage of vulnerable people
preying on them in that way going to a
girl is actually gonna fall in love with
you or whatever haha okay so how many
how many youtube subs does he need to be
problem then what is like the cutoff it
depends on what kind of content he's
doing in at what level that's what I
said okay last night as well and also
like what if he has like readings on his
channel where he's trying to make
guesses about the motivations of like
the [ __ ] shooter for yeah I know
someone told me that I think that's
[ __ ] I didn't know that but if
that's if that's the case yes that's bad
that's not good at all at all the stuff
on his website where he's selling
people's psychic readings to tell them
what to do for like love and all that
that's okay because I mean that's like
getting mad at a [ __ ] a guidance
counselor that's like getting mad it's
not Oh self-help guru or like a personal
IIIi think that like I feel like that
statement like kind of like illustrates
your thought process I don't think you
really think it's like that big of a
deal alright I don't think you think
it's even though right I don't know if
maybe you think it's like some of the
stuff is like legitimate or so like it's
one more sensitive topic insane why
would you compare it to a guidance
counselor why would you think these are
no no I said I was wrong I immediately
followed up by saying like spiritual
advisor or whatever the [ __ ] they're
called or like a self-help guru okay
yeah like [ __ ] twelve
steps or twelve rules of life no come on
dude don't [ __ ] harp on the guidance
counselor think I'm misspelled Jesus
Christ but look um what do you call it
yeah I think the guidance counselor's
have a much like a much different
process that involves research and and
expertise rather than just being like
I'm reading [ __ ] tea leaves and
whatnot like I know I care about the
action you keep focusing on the action
what you're saying like oh well this is
reading tea leaves I don't care about
the action of what it is exactly you're
doing I just don't like endorsing and
then publicly displaying that horribly
cancerous [ __ ] thought process
because it don't grow about a thing that
you should be [ __ ] fully endorsing or
I was just saying that I thought you
were retaliation was disproportionate
Whitman and my retaliation being I got
mad at him on a internet podcast and
didn't do any other bad thing at all to
him
yeah okay I mean I just thought that how
angry you got was was a little
ridiculous that's what I was saying
originally okay I guess this is the end
of that conversation sure that's kind of
what Sam Harris said he pretty much said
that there were people
