this is the last last personal
conversation about my personal
viewpoints that I will ever have okay oh
I get moved
you got moved I'm moving you around what
up dude hi hi how you doing I'm doing
great what the [ __ ] time is it over
there some crazy [ __ ] right now isn't it
I am I mean that that is crazy [ __ ]
sometimes for me when I'm waking up
later in the afternoon when I'm
streaming bit luckily for me at least at
this point I have a normal sleeping
pattern Oh something that is unusual for
me Paul alright well what's up buddy I
made a video that you really didn't like
I watched your response to it you you
were really not happy but I as I said in
the email to you people informed me that
you are really sick of talking about
this like and perhaps that was why you
seemed to dislike me so much um why
don't just like you I mean why I mean am
I just like I don't know you well enough
just like you but basically one issue
that they're like the content sure one
issue that I basically ran into a lot
and I've actually further furthers the
first topic that I've ever come to this
decision I'm probably not I'm probably
going to obscure the my I guess my the
deeper parts of my moral system from now
on because it's actually incredibly
frustrating for me to talk about is that
what I run into is when I have
conversations of sometimes political
conversations will reduce to philosophy
I I would argue that this should always
happen because we want to figure out you
know like well what we do in terms of
any you know policy decision but the
problem that I run into when things
reduce down to philosophy is there are
certain arguments that I've gotten into
where when I lay out my rational
justification for whatever it is I
believe the counter arguments are
literally you're lying about what you
think and there's no possible way for me
to get it to have a conversation with
somebody that thinks I'm literally just
lying about everything I say so it ends
up feeling like really really really
[ __ ] stupid to me I mean I mean the
the only time I think the underlying
philosophy behind your views really
matters is when you both don't agree on
role you don't have a mutual goal if you
both have a mutual goal then it then
just becomes like a factual
one of the facts look like how do we
achieve this goal right it would only
matter where your underlying philosophy
is if you're trying to convince a person
to adopt a goal that you have based on
yeah sure like say so there are
extremists that I'll talk to where say
it'll be somebody like a white
nationalist if somebody is preaching for
ethno or race race policies race based
policies this is probably going to come
down to a discussion of philosophy at
some point at almost but necessarily
have to because we're after very
different like normative goals right
would you agree with that oh I like the
the the point I would try to raise in my
video which perhaps I didn't do it well
is that you should almost never be able
to convince another person just based on
your words that's you that you have an
underlying philosophy that they've has
never run into before or that is just so
out so left field that it effectively
seems impossible and you saying multiple
times oh this is what I believe this is
how I assess myself this is how I view
it it doesn't matter how many times you
say it
they shouldn't believe you because it
doesn't matter how you know confident
you yeah I guess but like what is the
what is the point of that
like like let's say I get up to an
argument somebody let's say I get into
an argument about somebody about
redistribution of wealth okay in the
United States now I would argue I'm okay
with with a decently higher rate of
Taxation on myself I'm fine with that
you can bump it up you know double
digits like we can talk about a much
greater you know bump here and if
somebody say me well you know I would
never met anybody that would give up
their own money you're not it's not like
you're volunteering to donate your taxes
to the IRS you don't do it every year so
I'm not gonna believe that position like
okay well how do we how do we discuss
things from this point when you
literally think I'm lying about what it
is I believe well at that point you can
kind of try to get them to think about
other circumstances in their lives like
oh you know have you ever met someone
who has given up money to someone else
or have you met people on the street who
are advocating for these policies like
it should you should argue with them and
say this shouldn't be that unbelievable
for you people are posting Bernie
Sanders in your track right now look at
Bernie Sanders there should be something
you should be except usually I'd accept
about me because you have similar
experiences in your life that make a
plausible um it's just the point I was
raising in
guys too like you know when you say I'm
only self-interested that should be up
very unusual for most people because in
our lives we we run into people who
either are willing to make those
statements or or at least you know
proclaim the opposite oh I really care
about people and people seem to act all
the time in a way that where they care
about other people just simply because
there are the people right I once you
get to that point where you can't argue
from their experiences to to make what
you're what you're saying seem more
plausible you're stuck and and there's
nothing you can really do about that I
think unless you can somehow in your
chair demonstrate look I really don't
give a [ __ ] about people stab a person
in the face for completely no reason
like you you can't do that of course and
that's why I was trying to say in the
video like a lot of your viewers would
be unjustified accepting many of the
things you say about yourself or your
self assessments because there are more
evidenced explanations for your self
assessments namely self delusion or like
oh saying like I I don't I don't know
how you would disagree with this sorry
so I need to go out and like find a way
to secretly murder someone and then that
like if you really convinced if you
really wanted segments a person of
another viewpoint but at the end of the
day it might just be impossible for you
to convince that person right like if
you you shouldn't do this unless you
really really care about convincing this
other person that you're telling the
truth or what-have-you which you
shouldn't really care all that much
right there's some conversation while I
don't generally I agree with you that I
don't really care the the the big
primary issue this ran into though was
the veganism debate which exposed that
my underlying motivations I think for a
lot of my arguments are far different
than a lot of other people's or rather
I've I guess I've deluded myself into
thinking that some of my underlying
arguments are different than other
people's but of course it's it's not
necessarily the case that you are
deluded but we we each have the capacity
for self-delusion I would argue maybe
that we're all somewhat self deluded
right it's it'd be very given they were
using weasel words now because the the
gist of the video was that I'm probably
more diluted than most if I'm claiming
something that's far outside the norm
right that was the general thesis of the
video or at least like Mike's I was
well my point was at least fuel least
for your viewers if they don't have
experience that suggests that what
you're saying about yourself is capable
for other humans or that that that is
capable for people to have positions
that you hold explanation such as self
delusion and lying are more justified
than believing what you're saying to be
true simply on the base simply given the
justification you've currently given
which is I'm saying is true
which is all you presented thus far but
that's as I said you that's all you can
present because it's not like you can
start stabbing people in the face in
your room to demonstrate that you don't
really care about people right sure the
point of video was pretty mundane it was
effectively arguing that for non mundane
claims there's a certain burden of proof
that you perhaps in your room are unable
to meet for a lot of your viewership and
they would in that case be more
justified evidenced explanations then
the non evidence explanations which
would be what you're saying being true
oh yeah I guess I mean it just makes it
sound like then that I can never discuss
like certain moral positions that I have
because I haven't actually murdered
someone to prove that I don't care about
another person even though murdering
someone myself in a significant amount
of like physical uncomfort discomfort
because I'm probably gonna get a [ __ ]
charge for [ __ ] murder or that I need
to go hissing or something and like
never knowed like shoot a deer like in
the leg and then go skinned it alive or
some [ __ ] and then I'm like okay look
now will you guys take me seriously I
don't know these just I guess no I feel
like a lot of people like won't like
engage with the point for politeness or
for simply just the enjoyment of your
content you may as well just accept what
destiny says about himself is true well
talk about you in the third person a
little bit because whether or not you're
speaking true about yourself doesn't
really matter for your viewers right if
you're telling the truth all that you're
deluded it doesn't really change how
correct your arguments are well impact
the lives of your I mean movie I would
agree with you in a vacuum but socially
that's absolutely not true the way that
most people engage with my position is
especial
as of recently is to just say that I'm
lying about everything I think that's
the main reason why I guess it like so
if I back up so if I back up and I try
to ascertain them the main message of
your video I meant well if I think about
it I would probably agree that if
somebody claims to be holding an
incredibly abnormal position that you're
more likely to believe that that
position is untrue rather than to
believe the person given no evidence of
an extremely abnormal claim is that more
or less the position
yes and yeah as I instead I made in the
video we're just to establish that we
have good reason to believe that
everyone has the capacity for
self-delusion sure which is true but I
guess the problem we're running into is
that as of recently like that thought
that I'm just lying to everybody is used
to hand-wave all of the arguments that
I've made that concerning anything
related to like ethics or whatever which
is kind of irritating because I can't
counter that if you just say that I'm
lying about any thoughts yeah I don't
know how you could solve that problem
like for me for example I've explained
most things using self-interest like
most people's actions and motivations
stuff using self-interest for quite a
long time nothing you say about yourself
appears difficult for me to accept the
one thing that I mentioned in you've
made statements like chin
mahalo you're my kind of face I've made
the same as like what oh yeah I think
it's something like your mental
foundation that all of your motivations
come from is your desire to continue to
exist this I had trouble with with you
saying misremembering or no I think
that's probably true like I but but I
genuinely like when I try to build these
arguments for myself like this is
generally what I see is my being is real
a position as I guess it can ever be I
don't know you know I don't you might
just I think I cut off a lot I don't
know if we're talking to your son I'm
just oh yeah that's fine if you're
mumbling that's fine but if you're
trying to say stuff it's not thinking of
you oh [ __ ] I I know why I'm so I'm
using the
voice activation uh the the browser
discord instead of the lis actually I
can I just change for saying I'm sure go
for it
hello oh hey what's up hi yeah sorry I I
don't do many voice conversations on
discord and I had push-to-talk on
because I was talking to a someone from
Razer a few days ago I don't know why
anyway okay yeah so all I was saying is
so how bad was the audio previously dude
it was actually really good I was just
like cutting off what oh yeah I don't
know why that the browser discord does
that to me but anyway um so what I was
saying is you you've made statements
about like the the fundamental
motivation that you have and I find
those hard to believe because well for
similar reasons that we're talking about
before I've never run into a person who
couldn't be given a hypothetical about
some form of existence that they
wouldn't rather death over over that
existence right so would you be willing
to exist experiencing nothing but pain
and suffering for an eternity yeah I
mean I mean I've made that concession
multiple times that like in general I
would say that like I would I would
endure a large amount of suffering to
continue to exist because I find
existing almost universally purple not
existing but like if you would have cut
off like my ears and cut out my eyes and
cut off all my limbs and I was just like
rolling around on the ground it's like a
deaf and blind blob and yeah I mean yeah
at that point I would probably rather
just die sure like I agree with that
because I don't see existence as the the
main thing like it doesn't it's not the
end it's the means to the end like
there's a lot of things that I value
about existence and for that reason I
want to continue to exist but if you
remove to those things from existence I
wouldn't see existence as valuable
anymore because it would lose you know
the ability to achieve those things
gotcha
maybe because the default state that I
experience is generally happiness maybe
that's what ties my value into existence
sure like I could I hear that sometimes
would you be willing to like I assume
you don't like pain suffering terror
things like that um be you enjoy
happiness satisfaction yeah I mean those
are mustard tautological right paying by
definition is something not enjoyed
sorry yeah
I mean some people do enjoy pain well
but then it's not pain in the sense
we're talking right oh I guess I mean
you beating pleasure yeah yeah like it
like so many medias I wouldn't say they
enjoy suffering when they say suffering
they don't mean like suffering like it's
bad suffering like a pain that feels
good as different yeah would you I offer
you 20,000 years of life let's say but
for the first 10,000 years you will
experience the highest levels of Terror
pain and suffering imaginable but after
that 10,000 years you would experience
10,000 more years of happiness joy
satisfaction the things that you value
would you take this deal without getting
was really stupid about it I would say
yes yes unbelievable to me sure the only
the only caveat I would say just in case
is it like obviously if the earth blows
up in 1,000 years and I'm floating
through space for the last ten thousand
years with nobody to interact with I
mean I would obviously say no but but
yeah in general yeah I would definitely
say yes to that ten thousand years of
life yeah at the expense of ten thousand
years of suffering for sure yeah yeah in
that order of course that's the yeah for
sure
all the people a lot of that's what this
isn't surprising to me I this is
something that can totally accept about
you but it's a position that I myself
would not hold but he said that's how I
envisioned myself like I don't really
know of course I was getting back there
self-assessments extrapolation blah blah
blah for sure my most likely judgment is
that I wouldn't accept such a deal yeah
I agree with that and I even agree that
most people probably wouldn't although I
feel like most people view and I may I
know I could be self-deluded but I feel
like most people do have a radically
different view of existence than I do in
terms of whether or not you value it or
run out like there's a ton of memes
where people joke about like oh like I
wish I was dead or like this is
suffering my life whatever where I
absolutely unequivocally totally reject
and disagree with these statements I
absolutely enjoy every single day of my
existence and I look forward to every
single day of my existence and I exist
in a state of perpetual contentedness
with life such that I would want to
continue with you know infinitely like
when people you wrestle with a question
like would you want to be immortal or
not well I'd have to watch all my family
die but I wouldn't think for a second I
would instantly say yes to that without
a second thought for sure you think
immortal as in like you have eternal
life or immortal as and you can't die I
some some balance of those two where I'm
not again where I'm not like floating
into eternity like in a void
where nothing is happening but like we
said that I could live to the final days
of humanity I would say absolutely yes
like and not be like old and decrepit
and dying in a bed the whole time or
something
the the ideal eternal after me is
perfect health living forever [ __ ] you
can kill yourself that's the oh sure
that you can die yeah seems like the
best move you have perfect control of
your fate which I think most people want
ok sham control and so most of what you
said here you know ass wages my you know
qualms with what you're saying okay so
in my mind then you're the exact root of
all your motivation can't be existence
if you're willing to give up existence
so into like you you likely have because
proving knows you likely have many
different things that motivate you
equally in some balance at the core of
your being and existence poly and major
part of that right because I mean if
you're willing to give up existence
under some conditions it cannot be the
pure thing that you're trying to to
maintain all the things that in that all
the motivations come from oh sure so
what you're essentially saying is that
my claim is that I value existence in
and of itself but what you're arguing is
well that's not true you value existence
but that's contingent upon some some
type of existence right some quality of
the quality is what I'm using existence
is a proxy for right yeah yeah i i'm i
think i agree with that i would have to
think about that a lot but but that's
probably true because of my existence
was constant misery then i'm then i
might not agree with that that existence
in and of itself is a good quality or
whatever possibly yeah yeah and and the
way that i would argue that in the past
is i would say that it is good but
that's because in mentally I'm thinking
that at some point I would escape the
misery but that's not necessarily true
right I understand what you're saying
yeah because it many people when they're
in bad situations they say well you know
this is a bad situation now but in the
future I'm gonna feel happy or it might
get better but if that wasn't the case
it would be I think national for people
