hold on someone said you made a video
when you were a kid I want to watch this
oh god [ __ ] this coming wait how old are
you again slightly what does that do
23 [ __ ] cuz it's not gonna be him the
trampoline video Oh God kill me
[Music]
Oh God
while you're getting the juice on the
trampoline yeah
[Music]
Oh God
[Laughter]
you
all right good job dude getting the
juice oh oh you missed a huge juicer
okay
Oh oh my god you backflip off the roof
onto the trampoline okay that's a big
juice are we good yeah
well is it sad I think it's because I'm
I'm I'm at the video I was really lonely
I haven't um my father we got to work
all the time remember that was my mother
[ __ ] it was I was always alone at home
right mm-hmm yeah jumping all day oh man
I'm glad nobody to film me excited to
kill myself right and and as a girl that
liked but I never uh fasted I was going
to ask I just kept like a living in this
like world and I was like gonna get it
but what I'm asking right so I'd never
do it like I asked it probably work you
might never did it
toy you just posted videos on YouTube
hoping she would like notice oh yeah I
did I do like a bunch it but it but it
didn't notice but it gave me the juice
to do it so [ __ ] it
yeah it could be well there's any a big
motivator yeah sometimes mean that low
boost succotash is a bum [ __ ]
[ __ ] loser
did he get in the end movie and the
other was a did you get the girl in the
end did you date her or ask her out uh
nothing that summer [ __ ] up coming over
once and we just shove my bed right and
by the time like I actually did do it I
had to do anything like even reach for a
kiss whatever it was already like um
that light so then she just went back
home wait so she actually slept in your
bed
oh yeah but you didn't do anything
yeah yeah it's pretty bad I remember one
time but back I did tender screams
filler but i but stream snipers ruined
it
[ __ ] there was some girl this was
back when I was needed tenor I didn't
know how to like talk to people on tenor
and I am [ __ ] what happened god damn it
some girl was basically being like
pretty forward with me and I interpreted
what she said is like a total insult and
I was just like wow and it was so stupid
[ __ ] I'm trying to think of what did I
say doesn't remember what happened what
did she say she said something like
really innocuous yeah like the Appleby's
gross something like it was something
like she like made like a almost like an
invitation I thought and then I like
totally said something stupid this self
cocky right there
he is a huge self [ __ ] it's on YouTube
destiny okay hold on wait am I gonna
explain this right at the beginning oh
wait is this is my actual messages were
there hold on
oh [ __ ] this [ __ ] girl I almost went
out with this girl once
hold on but I ended up not for reasons
I recognize this chick as soon as I saw
her picture cuz it's the same picture
she used on [ __ ] uh on [ __ ] tinder
that black girl no no no no no no hold
on [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] with that so that's a
risky [ __ ] Google right there buddy
do you think uh images that was pretty
crazy yeah if I call on you right holman
oh no it was posted to Reddit like four
or five years ago I was so scared as
soon as I saw the reddit thread I
thought it was like something my mind
was going because I saw the girls burger
like what the [ __ ] I know this chick
from tinder
did my mother [ __ ] did Google child
dies and click images on stream [ __ ]
hell oh god hold on Iowa child delivered
healthy mound nourishment
oh no oh god what was the story I just
want to see it real quick it was it must
have an O it was an are trashy let's see
so are trashy and it was posted in the
past week I think so sort by oh wait I
think it says nope it wasn't this how
many moms with their babies died damn
okay top in the past week
it wasn't the maggot-infested diaper it
was the baby was like starving to death
Oh was this one this is gonna sound so
[ __ ] shallow oh my god I'm actually
cringing at how shallow I am I'm sorry I
actually almost don't even want to say
this because I'm not actually not right
or not gonna say hold on Oh me at my
statement you tell me
okay I admitted I'm not gonna say it
anyway yeah I talked to this girl for a
while but I just wasn't feeling it we
didn't meet up and I'd yeah this is the
same this is the exact same picture she
used as the opening pitcher tinder
profile I couldn't believe it
damn boy that was her yeah this was her
yeah and I saw the picture and I was
like what the [ __ ] was she from Omaha
Iowa and yeah she was just my Iowa damn
Jesus why didn't she [ __ ] feed that
baby
I don't know huh I can [ __ ] wait do you
feel guilty now what if you did her and
the baby didn't die that's not on me
that's that's not like in the purview of
me dating someone who's just saving
malnourished child the [ __ ] I'll never
feel girly or some [ __ ] like that Alex
was the oh damn this girl was really
cute how did I [ __ ] what did she say I
[ __ ] this interaction up so much did
what that [ __ ] is that goatee and
baldness I think I shaved my head for a
donation go don't [ __ ] judge me okay
chill you try my [ __ ] tinder did the
[ __ ] you better get a [ __ ] goth
tinder [ __ ] you look like some rock dude
who just lost his job
this oh I could have totally asked this
girl to go out to you and I didn't this
was so stupid how was I so stupid how
old is this video four years old I feel
like I was three years old I feel like I
was much more stupid back then Alex was
the young oh don't talk don't even
listen to my cell phone I can't believe
I watch this so hard
whatever okay
oh my god that [ __ ] I don't want to get
now I feel really bad talking about like
physical related [ __ ] [ __ ] alright
although this is desk after I don't know
I like I've actually gotten like
completely away from like from like
insulting people's by like physical
appearances yet wait am I wearing the
same shirt in this video that I am now
we all have traits that are like what if
somebody's like listening that has like
these traits and I feel [ __ ] I don't
care anymore though it's late I don't
care basically in Omaha like [ __ ] like
if you were like nonfat you were
automatically like a 9 out of 10 girl if
you could just not be fat like it's
insane but like here in LA like every
single girl on tinder is so [ __ ] hot
as [ __ ] it's insane it's ridiculous I
don't know what is it's a [ __ ] like
[ __ ] I'm like actually God and [ __ ]
are [ __ ] I'm like don't talk to him whoa
okay you said that before yeah I know
yeah but it's like insane it's like oh
my god I don't even know if you live in
like a rural area and you'd like so I
want tinder it's like crazy how many
insanely [ __ ] huge people are oh my
god that's all I got yeah Quebec girls
are crazy but hottest [ __ ] Wow
okay about girls all [ __ ] nuts not
ready her tattoo isn't it all [ __ ]
absolute batshit insane they bite oh
geez they buy it I just hate how many
people hide how big they are it's so
frustrating if someone does have a full
body peg I will not even buy listen okay
here listen hey here's my hot take of
the day okay if you're a girl and you
weigh over 250 pounds and you don't have
a full body pick on tender [ __ ] you
seriously [ __ ] you you're such a [ __ ]
piece of [ __ ]
you know exactly what the [ __ ] you're
doing okay [ __ ] off [ __ ] off with that
[ __ ] [ __ ]
I will never ever meet a girl in real
life if she doesn't have a full body pic
on tinder
I don't even swipe right on those
[ __ ] anymore that goes right into the
dumps 'tony benn [ __ ] that [ __ ] I fell
for that one time in my life though I
had to because we were already at the
[ __ ] hotel I wasn't gonna turn her
away but like yeah I did the thing where
she was like yeah she look like super
cute she had a nice face she had really
good boobs from what I could see but
that was all I saw and then when I
[ __ ] when we got to the hotel I
didn't even see her first
I heard her walking outside to though I
could see the on the [ __ ] countertops
where the little card holder is the
thing was shaking I was shaking with
every [ __ ] footstep and then she came
in and she opened the right door and
then she had open the left or to fit her
whole body through and she's like oh my
god and I saw her and I was like oh no
oh my god those were like all right if
you like flip the burger right yo juicer
can barely make it to the cover pretty
much it was one of those we got an
elevator to go up to our room and I push
the UP button and it sank to the
basement floor and we had to take the
[ __ ] stairs and it was like a 2-hour
it was oh my god I couldn't I couldn't
believe how jebaited I got I and the
worst part was like when I finished
because initially I was gonna spend the
night because I liked it I like to be
close to so I like this midnight but
after we finished I had to like find a
reason to like leave so I like left her
alone in this foggy hotel most of me I
have like a business meeting but maybe
I'll be back later and I took it left
the hotel and I had a block room is good
I know we were good maybe the juicers
gonna get an ass job market
oh Jesus Christ what a [ __ ] nightmare
that was god damn but anyway yeah after
that I learned the I [ __ ] that up and
I [ __ ] that up to when I was in Taiwan
I just wanted to go out with someone to
hang out and I um I met it was so bad I
met a I met a decently nice girl I try
to speak English with him because I
don't wanna [ __ ] go out with some
[ __ ] that can only speak
whatever Asian language okay I'm not
doing that [ __ ] okay you have to be able
to [ __ ] talk to me because I need a
conversation and I go out with this one
girl and I
yeah ex-wife why on earth we're good
there's all that [ __ ] is good and I
forgot the Golden Rule I forgot the that
you need to cific yeah she didn't have a
body pick and I walked downstairs she
said she's in the lobby and I start
walking and then I see the person and
I'm getting like PTSD fletcher's like no
way and I walk right by her and I go out
the front door to the lobby and they
looked at me like two times I'm like Oh
God and so I get on my phone and I open
tinder and I'm like oh no and they're
like hey are you the person with the
black shirt and I was like oh god it's
in then yeah that was them do you think
honestly Joe because that's I I don't
act rashly sometimes I I would just
instantly just run cuz instinctively I
like do like a couple steps forward and
I mean merely lazy that's just really
bad but if you go back to the horse
running right if you run one yeah you
gotta flick and leave but uhm yeah Jesus
so I'm just gonna catch up oh man
check dono oh [ __ ] I think these are
muted right now guys I'm so sorry
yeah but like when yeah when girls don't
I mean just I have a body pick you're a
couple of [ __ ] bullet I mean like you
should have a body pick like come on
like why why try to bait don't shut a
Jew bait like that like there's plenty
of guys that don't care if you are large
or whatever just [ __ ] go for it and
then yeah [ __ ] it yeah I once this nice
thing god
she's pretty big i prescribed you like a
small is that kind of it feels weird
when the person is like when you're
there and you're like an itty-bitty
frigate and the other person is like a
battle carrier it just that yeah the
size Mitch Mitch match feels very
strange to me I totally agree it's very
like the other person could like to
develop you at any point especially
they're gonna be like bottom to try and
it's just like it feels like you're
jumping like you're on top of like when
you're when you're banging some is
really fat you get the feeling that
you're on top of I don't know how the
how to best describe it but like I used
to go to a gymnasium a long time ago
when I was like 7 and they had this like
foam pit yeah it's like this this is
what it feels like to have sex with some
of that fat you're like on top of this
like foam pit and you're like riding the
waves oh you're not like truly [ __ ]
anybody you're just like kind of like a
part of the motion I'm so sorry I'm done
okay coming back you were saying
different I don't want to be mean to
people
god dammit I'm sorry yeah that's fun you
know is the meme that sex with fat girls
is better than normal tricks since they
put in more effort I think that some of
the most is same [ __ ] ahead of ever
gotten has come from fat chicks I don't
know if that's true as a rule but every
time it happens to me I'm like god damn
maybe it's actually true
and I have met I have I have been with
girls if you put effort into tinder I
mentioned surprisingly attractive people
and get really lucky and there have been
some that are pretty attractive that
would surprise you that are really bad
at bed like it's actually like
unbelievable and banging a girl that's
fairly hot and bad in bed is like one of
the worst experiences ever it actually
feels so shitty okay what what
attractive girls that are very very lazy
in bed and very bad in bed aren't very
dislike I'm Way over that I would never
want to [ __ ] a hot chick that's bad in
bed it's so [ __ ] boring I don't like
it sure yeah yeah yeah spectacle while
back and she look like like actual heart
experience like like some [ __ ]
mastermind huh and she was the shadley
dislike guiding vibe that's like oh and
you know like I'll just let her do
whatever right uh-huh
she look good and then it was like a
head time and it was just mostly teeth
and tongue piercing I could barely feel
anything else and I feel like I was
getting like a renewed it like a snake
losing its skin I never know what to say
if somebody is like sucking you often
things too much tea I never know what to
tell them like hey can you please stop
[ __ ] can you please stop peeling the
skin never know what to say
I always like after like three or four
bobs I'll pull their head I'm like oh
[ __ ] I'm so hard right now like I just
want to [ __ ] you and I can never tell
it's so bad oh my god every time I go to
the sex I've read it and I see some guys
types of colleague well every guy like
some girl Billy hey she'll post if
they're like I don't know if I give good
[ __ ] in it and some and inevitably
like 50 million guys what's my like oh
every [ __ ] is a really good [ __ ]
dude you're so [ __ ] wrong oh my god
yeah and oh my god in the worst part
it's like when you get a girl that does
that and you sorry to go stop I
for me like I start to psych myself up
like as soon as I feel it happening like
oh god I'm gonna get soft like okay I
can't get soft but now that I think
about it I it's gonna start happening
and then it starts happening and I know
that if I keep it and it's like fine
like [ __ ] at that point yeah I'll think
about some some better [ __ ] like some
good for whatever oh yeah justjust like
if you're too hard about a juice it you
just think I close my eyes I think about
rock like a big rock that's mine that's
might have my number one I know no oh no
I'm not wait oh wait good porn like to
get hard again oh yeah but it's too good
right and you don't you don't end right
I feel my isn't about like like an
actual Yankee it's Sam rock all the time
guys don't normal rock it's my trick you
all right everybody has their only trick
I guess uh-huh yeah it works yeah I mean
if I that works great yeah I mean a
rocket is symbol of life and cement is
bland and boring it is useless like a
pebble it's just there doesn't draping
yeah do you ever have the um there are
two ways there are two ways that I'm
sorry guys this is a this is the night
version scream okay if I can have you
guys should [ __ ] leave right now
can you check my message on discord and
see if you have any no wait late night
overlay yeah thank don't know after
hours there are two ways to hold on to a
there's two ways to hold on to a girl
that's on top of you one is when they're
like moving in a good way and you want
to grab their hips really hard and lets
you know a the more the more like the
heart the more firm you grab a girl like
especially their like their hips their
waist usually better it is and then you
have the ones that are moving and you're
like we are like holding on for dear
life because they're going like at the
very maximum top of you and you're scare
they're gonna come down and you have to
like put your feet down on the bed I had
this one chick afterwards who when I
finish she's like I love the way you
were [ __ ] up into me in the way you
were holding it was so hot and like the
whole time I was just trying to make
sure that
I didn't like just come out and she
breaks my digging it oh my god and so
and I didn't want to say anything to her
butters like do like oh my god is so
[ __ ] stressful the whole [ __ ] time
and you're like become like all like
crisp like super tense like a why you're
right because you're way too pretty calm
down and it wrong gonna snap your dick
in half what's up how you doing Tyler
doing what's up Stephen you do any wanna
play some apex did you wrap up at night
I would but I have to say my podcast is
in 8 hours if I need to sleep soon I'm
already have way too late I'll play them
are with you though if you want okay
cool yeah I'm done apex is such a fun
game you guys play have you guys enjoyed
it I played it a few times I got really
spoiled by Call of Duty's movement but
um I mean it seems like it's got
potential yeah it's actually why I play
bloodhound
I feel like bloodhound the OLT is like
really similar to call duty sprint okay
yeah it's pretty nice yeah maybe I'll
check him over to go sniper Zorn is
appealing though in my opinion anyways
yeah tomorrow what are you guys yeah
yeah I don't I don't like those topics
ruined the relatability immersion of the
chat it's just like to get like another
phase like that you know doesn't really
matter
wait what doesn't matter I mean I was
like always like a turbo virgin so we
were like yeah we also [ __ ] capital and
she's like you know it's not like like
it's spoiling anything
d GG virgins can't relate system do do
is they live in a southern chat here's
not a sub you [ __ ] [ __ ] so a better
stance than doggystyle my favorite if
you're long enough is if the if the girl
lays on your stomach and then you [ __ ]
her from behind that's the best thing
that's the problem that's the one
hundred percent that is the Primo the
best part about that position
honest to god here's the best part about
that position okay if you can [ __ ]
somebody well the worst thing that they
can do is [ __ ] you back because if a
girl tries to [ __ ] you back she will
always [ __ ] the rhythm up so what you do
here's your top secret tip of the day
what you do is you put them on the
[ __ ] bed okay you get in them from
behind you put your hands on their lower
back and then when you pull out you push
down with your hands into their back so
that you're separating and then when you
[ __ ] you like release your hand so
that you go in and their body comes up
and you're moving both of you at the
same time and it's perfect it is one
hotter wasn't perfect the girl can't
[ __ ] anything up because she is not in
control of any of the [ __ ] rhythm and
you just [ __ ] go hard and like that's
it
that is the 100% way to get that [ __ ] on
lock in a [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] I can't
burger flipper and over here did 100%
the way to do it
oh [ __ ] yeah they put it down pat it put
some oil boys turn around give it a slap
important to put it back up on the other
side get on top little boys and hold her
down steady push it up don't stop so
it's just out get out clean done so it
sounds like she needs to stick her bug
up for that um they don't really need to
I mean a girl and actually stick her
butt up a little bit I mean she should
or you can put a pillow underneath her
waist if you want help as well yeah
nothing but juiced up I think the worst
sex I've ever had with a chick is who
clamped your legs and I mean I left some
bruises oh one thing that girls do
that's really annoying
[ __ ] I'm such a [ __ ] because I don't
ever want to say anything in a moment
cuz I feel really bad correct now
because I always feel like they're gonna
have some [ __ ] self-conscious
[ __ ] attack
you should ok the level of physical pain
a guy is comfortable with when when
you're having sex if you're a girl you
should clarify this beforehand because
like it is not fun like if I'm going
down on a girl like some [ __ ] I'm
[ __ ] a girl and she takes her [ __ ]
fingernails and she digs out like close
my [ __ ] back
[ __ ] that [ __ ] like it's not it's not
like sexy it actually just like makes me
very upset just get like like a little
bit is okay but like it when you get
people that literally like out of
nowhere will start leaving these like
master [ __ ] marks on your back and
it's like I'm like I feel like I'm
[ __ ] going down to the Black Panther
like can you [ __ ] chill and that [ __ ]
oh my god some girl my under lip but
it's so hard I thought there were people
that we're gonna connect on both sides
right it's not like bleeding and like
swelling it and then shit's [ __ ] it I'm
gonna buy anything ear she bite my ear
and had that [ __ ] bruise my [ __ ] for
like [ __ ] three weeks dude damn
oh she always [ __ ] stopped by a
complete [ __ ] holy [ __ ] did you ever get
deep throat of a girl yeah I know
that's really uncomfortable for me I
don't understand how guys normally do
that what my thing is hard really when
I'm hard I don't want to bend at all and
like every time I meet like a girl
there's like I can deep there like at
this point I'm just like dude like don't
do it come backwards
whoa Oh what like put them I've never
done it like where they're upside down
and you like [ __ ] their throat or
whatever I might be an army like any
time like a girl like tries to
[ __ ] me and I got hit the bat it
just feels like my dick is like smacking
into like a wall and it's like this
doesn't feel good I don't like that's
like just do you just do like the top
half like I don't need this in my life
right now I don't know okay well I don't
want this room is so bad yeah just come
is so hey I'm doing so far I'm just
gonna say just do like I feel like if
you were to do it you have to wait
because that's the wait until like
you've been
and of course for so long you started
like softening up and not too much like
a little bit stuffing right did you do
that right it'll Bend you know but not
it's a little softened up it'll it'll
still like sort of get the curve right
it won't feel like you're like pushing
and crunching it you'll feel just
perfect okay I'll consider that I'll go
for that the optimal soft point and I'll
try it all right yeah not the that
sounds you know just like you know I
feel oh wow
you see if you're saying people were
being in chat that's very rare
do you have any attender advice for us
losers on my dinner
I opened a heart I think my openers and
like yeah what's up I'm gonna ask you a
normal question and I'm ask you a sex
question that's like my opener and I run
and I fire that [ __ ] off like 100 girls
and like [ __ ] 15 or 10 or respond
I'll do that [ __ ] and then like 20% of
our responding I don't talk like that to
people that are strangers and I'm like
see you [ __ ] if I could go peace and a
nice well I've done match him reported
verb you know I don't actually do that
don't do that
yeah what's phlegm phlegm is um isn't
that the stuff in the back of your
throat like when you have for him yeah
sure what are the questions you ask
I normally omit like what do you do for
school at work and then what's your
favorite position
it's to easy questions I used to open
with them sometimes I would say another
opening question this is now I'm just
because now I don't care [ __ ] dating
girls is just for like [ __ ] this is
just for [ __ ] but when I used to try
to like find girls that I would be like
could get romantic a dragon dinner I
would ask if I could ask you one
question that you think you would know
more than me about any topic what would
you talk about it was something like
that
and sometimes that started some
conversations but what [ __ ] destiny it's
actually a good question cuz you're
letting them know you want to [ __ ] yeah
that's yeah that would be very forward
that like one of my first time messages
like I'm there cuz I yeah yeah I don't
waste [ __ ] wait wait wait wait I have
not used apps and shape dude for like
ever
I've actually never used any of those
I've never even thought for any of those
sites oh I should do that
tell us why you say you wanna [ __ ]
yes what mm-hmm I don't I'm not I'm not
quite that for it it's really hard
because you have to walk like the you
have to walk like a fine line between
like like you have to walk a fine line
between like being Frank like I want to
[ __ ] but then also not looking like a
[ __ ] boy like you have to like you guys
like you like you can you can look like
a [ __ ] boy and if you look like that
then it's gonna come off as like really
bad
so like based not like you have to be
very responsive to like how people
answer and I like tone up the humor to
like 1,000% you have to be like make
sure that you like or at least for me
you know I try to present myself as like
I am like like I'm a funny guy and I can
joke and I like if you tell me for
instance like oh you know like I want to
be a physician like I'm like oh cool
your dog do write my next wish me like
I'll cool that kind of physician you
want to be like what yeah yeah so like
you go hard there but then like you go
hard in the [ __ ] sex point too
because like [ __ ] like I'm here and I'm
a smart person I'll talk to you about
[ __ ] yeah but I also I [ __ ] you like
that's what I'm here for I'm here to
[ __ ] you I don't want that Duke [ __ ]
career advice the humor and say oh yeah
you like [ __ ] on the first date love
you just like you page right you so like
that right yeah something like that so
yeah pretty much yeah and if they're not
interested it's fine because I'm saving
both of us time
you're telling your twitch streamer I
mean I try not to generally cuz I don't
want somebody like look at my [ __ ]
publicly and [ __ ] I don't I feel like
that would be weird like what if some
girl chatter like a video take me
[ __ ] and boy oh well okay so here's
the thing the problem but that is that
they know all about you and don't
anything about them they didn't put
their cards right into playing the same
exactly what you like what when you're
done and they can flip perfectly and you
can't do [ __ ] you can't read through it
yeah yeah I had a girl do that well I
had a girl when I was out with her and
she said something she mentioned really
liking something and I started saying I
was like wait a second I like that like
did this my [ __ ] look me up is she
[ __ ] gaming me right now like I've
had those moments before but i but she
didn't it was like a coincidence but
yeah I get like really paranoid about
that [ __ ] do you not have an interest in
virgins [ __ ] no man were waste my time
[ __ ] a virgin so every girl needs
[ __ ] early giggle I don't think so no
yeah I'll never talk about like real
topics ever the ended up matching with
fans on tinder
um it's usually not a fan it'll usually
be a girls like oh like my roommate is a
big fan of your my ex-boyfriend was a
big fan of you I've had those a few
times but I don't think those have ever
panned out to anything ah I know that my
my ex yeah she was like swapping dudes
that she knew mm-hmm whatever and show
my friends she don't my friends my
friends flight through like the right
one another [ __ ] I don't know what those
things work wait is it like sweat right
if it's good yes bad right is good in
then what do you think about striking
what the [ __ ] is striking what does that
mean
oh this lighter like oh isn't that when
when you get like candles and then you
light it and then you you you pour like
spots of mold waxham each other's back
oh I've never done that before not I
don't do any of the pain please yeah
STFU destiny that's just stuff aah-ha-ha
aah-ha-ha
yeah yeah it's a walking haha okay
fellas are walking uh-huh
okay have you America College is
actually cringe yeah oh yeah they're
jesus [ __ ] christ
that's a boner killer that's courage oh
yeah girls like self-esteem and [ __ ]
just as much as guys to it [ __ ] was
[ __ ] funny as [ __ ] yeah the juice oh I
don't like talking about like other
streamers it feels like a violation I
don't know what she said
we have fun okay
you know Yan right there with her and
you talked you told me about her so I
know I threw her there
maybe you know like my guns shaped like
I should on the streamers of me and some
of my clips and it was like whatever
uh-huh I saw some podcast and she was
gone
nuts yeah and I saw her she was going
nuts I did we should woo you know like
holy [ __ ] what do you mean going nuts
no no I started cooking washer fills I
forgot one nut so awesome podcast what
do you mean going nuts so what does that
mean
she what almonds coconut I don't know
what the [ __ ] you're saying oh I still
don't know what the [ __ ] you're saying
can someone translate well wait can you
explain like Lily her marbles like she
was upset yeah okay there you go crazy
she's like nice you know we all go crazy
sometimes
look I don't I mean I've interact with
her a lot I mean she gets mad at a lot
of [ __ ] I've had to do what do you mean
okay you know I think is unique about
her
there's a change in her tone of voice
stop bouncing on me was pretty hot
waiting like what was the last thing you
said well um and weird timings like oh
yeah I not to go that bad well then I
got yeah you know if I you know like
that oh I mean it's part of a cadence
right yeah that's nice it's unique
what's your sense of missive girls who
want you to be a dumb and rough like hit
them slap them choke them exciting that
I mean you do a little bit but like
every girl is [ __ ] once like some
aggressive [ __ ] [ __ ] I shouldn't say
that actually that's a gross over
generalization you should always talk to
people to figure it out but it seems
like most women are into like that kind
of aggressive play assuming you're not
like being a [ __ ] rapist or whatever
yeah I'm more like vanilla side of the
toppings here boys on that one it's not
me I'm punching dude it's it shut the
[ __ ] up I'm here to get the juice I hate
[ __ ] [ __ ] he's like a [ __ ] pinata
[ __ ] it out why does your ideal first
meetup place their apartment is the
ideal no usually you want to go to like
dinner or or at least coffee first so
that you can you want to know if you
fight with someone before you like go
all the way probably that would have
helped me avoid the [ __ ] the
Leviathan and I met at the hotel is this
actually gonna kill gays gonna answer
questions from chat maybe if I see a
good one I haven't seen a single one yet
do you make okay no I usually pay for
everything I try to be a nice guy yeah I
am I will say if you're a girl and you
even you expect the guy to play I am
super flattered if I'm with a girl and
she offers to pay I'm really really
flattered when I see that it goes a
really far a really long way for me I'm
like I I keep i watch that [ __ ] you got
an a-plus in my book
what if they offered it paid is they're
playing you but then it worked I mean
I'm not gonna like call their bluff on
it
I do that she caught you made them pay
or you split fifty fifteen are you doing
oh damn that's awkward as [ __ ] why would
you do that well I mean know what
they're doing I actually carry ask you
telling me of a son to be looking for
that um I think most girls probably
wouldn't care that much especially
because my kid doesn't live with me I
don't think it's this big a [ __ ] up for
a guy to have a son as for a girl to
have a son like for a girl
like I suppose like my girls have kids
guys get super turn over that but when
guys have kids girls seem to be okay
generally with it I don't know I I don't
but I don't very rarely bring that up
like why would I would that even come up
through conversation well I mean what
topic like asking if I have a kid like I
don't know how that would come up
generally in topic
the [ __ ] you say yeah the kid what no I
know that's why it doesn't normally come
up in conversation well I just had in
blue yeah shuttling yeah I mean yeah if
they ask sure yeah
that's very visible like if you have
children she says yes then why don't you
like you know like different is
something it may be like kind of like
sizable yeah I mean it depends on what
you're looking for I'm just looking a
[ __ ] so I don't I'm not like a person's
[ __ ] family tree some [ __ ] well the
baby dug out of her juice yourself um
Destin you don't hide you have a kid
before you start getting in with so what
know what you don't need to know I have
a [ __ ] kid for us to [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] that is way outside of of anything
you need to [ __ ] know you told one
girl you got a kid on tinder yeah well
that's cuz back with that can I say in
ten or a long long time ago I was kind
of freaking day people on ten a big
mistake
dating is a big mistake don't do it guys
[ __ ] love you [ __ ] before I come
on to challenge when you coming to
Auckland hopefully [ __ ] soon I need
this goddamn device I thought I'd be
there last month and I haven't gotten it
yet but hopefully it's long what device
some device oh it was like it's like a
big streaming thing it's basically like
an IRL thing that has six SIM cards in
it that allows me to stream what a way
from where um from where Oh from a
company called TV you damn I only have
four yeah it's most very satisfied
before it's time for Elise oh you know
[ __ ] as long as not a [ __ ] tarot deck
Tara [ __ ] yeah knows my bet
have you ever had a girl think a hook up
with something more um not recently no a
long time ago that's happened to me but
not recent I'm like pretty I'm usually
I'm actually very very very [ __ ]
forward with all my expectations are and
everything right is destined to keep
repeating the question wait what
question you hate it when girls play
card at the last minute on tinder the TV
my worst experience when I clear my
schedule and [ __ ] um I don't think I'm
sure I think of somebody's flaked on me
before I mean something I've had people
like things like not work out but I
don't think anybody's just like ghosted
me before I've heard that can happen but
usually I'll get the number before like
we meet up too so if they ghost me they
know I'm tracking them down I'm just
gonna would you say most girls are
wanting relationships I get attached
easily or do you think they're just as
horniest guys and just want to [ __ ] I
think they're a lot of girls I just want
to [ __ ] that I just want these guys and
I cool with that Oh somebody doesn't
like listen they come when you get the
juice this is some chemical that like
favors like love and [ __ ] like happens
Yeah right whatever people are like more
like they'd be more likely to be
attached to at some point laughs and so
like like [ __ ] only relationships
don't really like work like yeah it's
called oxy oxytocin oh whatever
yeah oxytocin I don't think that that's
like I think the girls can have casual
sex it's okay
do you hit up older women yeah that's
[ __ ] yeah why not WEO knows I'm
[ __ ] a hot teacher some [ __ ] oh my
god
as your opinion or someone lower if
they're virgins is it indicative of a
personal failing in your eyes no I just
don't like the [ __ ] version because I
like people with experience it's just
not fun for me like there's no novelty
in [ __ ] someone that's gonna be [ __ ]
at [ __ ] yeah when I was like when I
was in [ __ ] I'm just schooled it I
had this friend all right
and I was going to his house in
Washington DC and his mom had a huge
nozzles right and she'd never wear a bra
never was poking like a [ __ ] machine
gun
I just want if I can fight on it what
self what okay oh man this is the worst
dream I've ever done I got to delete the
vaad have you ever met okay so there is
this there's this girl this is why my
Saturday nights are [ __ ] every
Saturday guys I'm so sorry for Brandon
you know mcscreamy's there's this girl
and she has I didn't even know this was
possible
[ __ ] actually I feel weird I don't know
how you talked about the on steam i
nevermind I don't think I'm gonna do is
never mind cuz it's [ __ ] a different
topic what oh my god do you believe in
diamond rings for marriage or would you
do something out of the ordinary that's
a really rough one the problem is like
even if you don't believe in diamond
rings the thing that sucks is that if
you get a girl a ring that's not a
diamond ring like she has to spend the
rest of her life explaining to people
why she doesn't believe in time I was
just kind of [ __ ] I don't know what oh
because people get diamond rings when
they get married it's like a tradition
you Wow what why um I don't know it's
just what people do now you ever had a
girl on tinder to get a free meal off
you I totally goes for the butter very
pleasant shot she instantly unmatched me
oh nice I've had one girl getting
nervous and flake out on me before we're
after we went to dinner
we drove separate ways but she thought
going into it she said that she gets
like really nervous meeting new people
and I understand I was okay with that
I mean she told me about it beforehand
so though I'm not God what if I could
get some drunk to [ __ ] me
no I drink didn't get her [ __ ] drunk
ever mine passed out juice
Wow and I need I don't want to have to
warm somebody they should be warmed up
by my natural charm and good looks and
hilarious [ __ ] personality if that's
not enough to do it if that's not enough
to grease the gears then I'm not gonna
juice the [ __ ] goose you know it's
not I'm gonna dream like I suck at like
like a sippy sip sometimes I'll be a
complete cocky right and all you like it
like one sip uh-huh and just just the
the essence of the juice and I'll boom
confidence popped out and obviously okay
here's a super [ __ ] up story okay okay
so I get really paranoid okay
well when I lived with my son I was
really paranoid I don't know why but I
didn't like the idea of girls coming to
my house and like knowing I lived there
and they were like my kid lived there I
don't know I just some weird [ __ ] about
some girl come to my house and kill my
kid so the I there was this girl that I
matched with and she was kind of cool
she was a little on the chubby side but
I was like [ __ ] it chubs girls get
really good head so [ __ ] let's do it
this girl comes over our house can mess
around for a few hours and it's like
[ __ ] okay it was really good we had a
lot of fun and then um so but it's kind
of like night time and I don't really
want her to spend the night because I
just I didn't like her that much
and and so I was like no what the [ __ ]
no no he's not home at all or anything
no no I brought like girls in and out oh
god no I never introduced new girls
whatever that's really [ __ ] weird I
would never do that and it's bad for
kids to do that but anyway so like after
like after we finish or whatever and
she's like here for like ten minutes I'm
like okay well I've got like a meeting
you know like in 30 minutes it's been
fun but I got to drive out of town and
so we both got outside and get in our
cars and I get on and I and I get like
really paranoid that she is going to
that she's gonna like circle back and
come back to my house like break in and
steal my [ __ ] I don't know why this is
just like the thoughts I have so I see
her like drive away she pulls out and
she like drives away and then I do like
do you know how to go like Batman mode
in your car so in your car I don't drive
oh [ __ ] a lot of cars have daytime
running light
but if you pull up the ebrake just a tad
not enough to actually activate the
emergency brake but enough to like kill
your front headlights you can like creep
around and no one can see you're driving
anywhere and so it was like it was
nighttime and I'm like creeping around I
like I Drive kind of through the
neighborhood and I pull out at a
different area to watch her drive down
the street because I want to make sure
she's actually leaving and she's not
gonna like circle back and yeah [ __ ] my
[ __ ] up so so I like I pull out and I
[ __ ] I'm driving and she's driving
down the street she gets like [ __ ]
like t-boned intersection my mind is
like what the [ __ ] and I like I flip a
u-turn and trivac [ __ ] and I'm like
I'm so good luck for like a half second
I'm like am I like response over there's
like I'm I gotta get in [ __ ] trouble
or some [ __ ] and I like [ __ ] I Drive
back to the house like park and I'm like
sitting in my room and it was just so
[ __ ] awkward I couldn't even [ __ ]
believe it
and then um yeah she like she sends me a
message I on tinder I guess you can like
update it must have been on tinder
because I don't think I had her snap but
I think on tinder you can like update
like a story that like shows sometimes
and yeah and she like updated this thing
with like stitches and [ __ ] on her face
and and I was like she messaged me was
like wow you won't even believe what
happened and I was like what and she's
like a car accident when I left your
place like oh wow that's really crazy
and then I unmatched oh my god oh I did
not sleep easy those nights I thought
she's gonna come back like [ __ ]
brighter joke [ __ ] they go like lengths
you know like more than [ __ ] circling
Bakula plate traps and [ __ ] oh no no it
wasn't just I couldn't I've like that's
like the only car for crap everything
like my entire life I could anyone
believe it happened sometimes I come I
would I would do is I'd be scared I was
gonna come and I thought me were like
chickened out here some like that I
would take some pieces of paper and fold
them and putting up put them on top of
my of my doors everywhere right so that
if somebody opens a door
the paper is gonna fall right and all
those like all those papers are already
in [ __ ] and I take it around the house
and [ __ ] and I won't put my my laptop
tuned on an alt account right and then I
could check from downstairs on my phone
right it's not because I'd my my stream
was running all the time
like like a like a like an old account
yes mm-hm thank you my phone like a live
stream one downstairs
nice that's pretty loud paranoid yeah
yeah that's about it
well I got a I'm gonna see do you ever
um do you live you live with your
parents right now right or do you live
on your own yeah okay I got you
yeah yeah well yeah well when I was
under I am [ __ ] well my dad he was
always like be gone at night like going
on dates and [ __ ] or some stupid [ __ ]
and sometimes that thumb I likes it like
on some counter and luxury if he was
like coming right uh-huh
so I'd be like I'd be there for like
hours but I know why I did it I know I
did it yeah never did that like waiting
for the your dad to come home yeah no I
was I was way different for me I
literally when my parents were gone I
loved it I hated my family I shouldn't
say that in hey my family but I like I
was very I thought ways felt very very
different from all my family so yeah I
valued my time away from them quite a
bit
I would actually the PTSD for me would
be being on the computer and I would
hear the sounds of like a car outside
and I'm like no yeah parents are home it
was like the worst feeling ever
yeah and in the summer every single day
mm-hmm my bedroom was behind me I would
play right and I'd around 3 and put one
ear one arrow out of my headphones a
little bit back I could hear his alarm
like you know like doo doo doo doo doo
doo and you're like [ __ ] dude close this
close that close this you know just let
Jillian welcome to the game do you play
that game yeah the computer closing
computer cuz like clothes like clothes
like you know close the monitor go in
bed
cool oh it sounds maybe so
and did he's not [ __ ] you can see
it's no there was still hot yeah what's
up
neo letting me marry so early did yeah I
used to UM I got real good at that fake
sleep [ __ ] like the difference between
like with your trying to like open your
eyes cuz you're tired
there's like a way to do it like if you
squint your eyes like super hard like
it's really obvious that you're like
faking it versus like yeah [ __ ] I
practice that [ __ ] so much so that I
wouldn't get caught I got to the points
where what I would do is I would just go
home and as soon as I got home I would
just go to sleep immediately I would
tell my prince I'm tired I would go to
sleep at like 3 o'clock and then I would
wake up at like 11 or 12 and then I
would just stay awake and I play games
that's for [ __ ] that yeah [ __ ] dealing
with anyone else oh [ __ ]
oh there is um somebody asked if um has
height ever affected your tinder dates
do you think tricks I've never in my
life been turned down because of my
height ever it's never happened I've
never had a girl bring it up ever in my
entire life ever it's never happened
before him I don't know I think people
on internet care way more about height
than anyone I've ever met in real life
that's but that's just my my personal
experience yeah okay have fun be careful
tonight buddy
you know what about the profiles the
same minimum six foot all right just so
mash of those curls do they usually know
beforehand no I never see my height
beforehand I mean if they ask I will
count but sometimes it'll come up in the
purview of like sex talk sometimes will
bring up height depending on what
exactly you're talking about doing
how might you think girls care about
facial aesthetics um girls have like a
wide variety of things that they're
interested in like some girls genuinely
like bigger dudes some girls like nerdy
guys some girls like smaller dudes or
Twinkie dudes some girls like bigger
dudes some girls like really strong guys
muscle guys big arms like I don't know
there's like a wide variety of what
girls like even one girl can like a wide
variety of things how saw was a tallest
girl you've ever [ __ ] um probably my
height my ex-wife I think was the same
height as me she was like five eight how
did you find you like sexually as I've
got more experience I found that I
usually try to do whatever the other
person is into but I've never found
myself more into one kind of sex night I
don't know look at a flex on a porn
tribe oh [ __ ] tennis [ __ ] you get
paranoid about involving drinks on dates
um I don't typically um typically drink
I don't know if I've ever gone out
drinking with a stranger girl before
usually it's dinner or dinner at a movie
would you be open to dating some that's
taller than you um yeah if I found my
person I don't really give a [ __ ] at all
about hi Jen
did you really still live in Omaha
that's where I live with a [ __ ] all yeah
for 30 years my dude off 108th and
Center
five seven is average female hi hun I
praise your average high it was like
five for a little under five feet four
inches
were you ever invited to a threesome an
orgy I've had so many like near misses
I'll probably soonish this year will
definitely be the you know finally get
to [ __ ] do one but I've had like a
lot of like close threesomes but that
thing's just 777 millimeters of the main
it like not lining up and soon as
hopefully
[Music]
threesomes are overrated um the the
difficult thing would be finding three
people that are all very confident that
would be the hard thing honestly I don't
even know like what the thing is like I
leaned toward saying like male male
female would be better because male
female female I feel like the women
would get jealous of one another but I
think now no female would be just the
same right one of the guys we got
jealous for the other guy like I would
feel I feel like I would have to find
another guy with a bigger dick than mine
because I feel like if I was with
another guy and his dick was smaller he
would get like super [ __ ] like do you
think he would get like gel I don't know
like there'd be like so much [ __ ] yeah I
don't know I don't know how people would
feel about it
same thing with two girls like if one
girl like bigger boobs on the other girl
I'd be really paranoid that like if I
played with like the bigger girl's boobs
like with a smaller wheel girl I get
really jealous like I don't know it
would just be yeah I'm not sure kind of
avoid you're paranoid about the other
person's feelings well like if you do a
threesome you want all three people to
be involved in to feel good and you
don't want it to feel shitty afterwards
you know I feel like I know enough girls
here now that I could do it I just don't
know how you would ever let go about
like suggesting it also like we do just
tell one girl like hey like so there's
this other girl that I know like you
should we all go out and do you guys
want to [ __ ] each other with bonus me
pepper law
some girls fetishize jealousy that's a
very small you're talking about like
[ __ ] queening that's a very very small
minority of girls and you're gonna [ __ ]
yourself if you go into a situation or
threesome just expecting that that's
their fetish that's a really [ __ ] bad
idea
holy [ __ ] don't ever [ __ ] do that but
then also like the idea of like finding
a unicorn or being a unicorn also sounds
very unappealing to me like if I were to
have a threesome I think I would want it
to be like two other girls and all three
of us are friends with each other like
two people in a relationship finding a
third to be in that sense I don't like
that that's like dehumanizing [ __ ] that
[ __ ] like this idea that like you need
to find some third party that you can
kick out when you're done so that you
two can like save your relationship and
like be nice to each other and you have
little some third person to use as a
[ __ ] toilet
I really don't like that I hate that
idea I think it'd have to be like all
three of us would have to be friends or
maybe like an open relationship type
deal where they're like I'm not a
regular something what's up we [ __ ]
you said you needed a guy with a big
dick I'm here to help you're [ __ ]
married then there's no way your dick is
bigger than mine let's do it Dan let's
pull it out right now listen yeah even
with the extra skin that you haven't cut
off I'm still there alright yeah
[Music]
not with my wife [ __ ] chat you guys
have horrible moans your wife's really
hot I wouldn't turn it down I love you
Ben
[Music]
why do you assume the third person is
just some toy for the real people in
relationship because the the type of
like verbage that's used and people that
are like looking for like a threesome is
just like it's really cringey to me like
um destiny I'm but people that are like
all like we're looking for a third
that's okay to come over and have sex
with us but then they must leave
immediately after so that the two of us
can like it is like I don't know she's
like really cringe you know like if you
don't have like the if you don't have
the the self-esteem or the confidence to
like come in and I actually do like a
threesome then like [ __ ] you just
[ __ ] off like get out of here yeah this
unicorn [ __ ] is just I don't know I had
one with my girlfriend and her friend I
got it 100 million percent because I
clearly [ __ ] my relationship or that
one friend they're not bothered by it
but I feel like I cheated oh yeah [ __ ]
that I don't give a [ __ ] about that [ __ ]
are you against purely sex relationships
in general [ __ ] no those are the best
kind what do you mean you don't miss any
of the relationship stuff and a ways
that I can't talk about right now but
yeah but that's different destinies my
guy wants to cuddle after a one-night
stand yeah of course I'm a super cuddly
person I'll call anybody after I [ __ ]
them hell yeah you when you go to sleep
and you're with someone do you actually
like hold on to them hell yeah I'm super
physical yeah [ __ ] is wrong with you how
can you sleep like that you so the
easiest way to do it if you're spooning
somebody is what you have to do is you
slide your arm underneath the pillow
that they're laying on and then your
other arm goes around their body like
that it just seems like first off
there's a lot of heat coming off from
over there I want to like move around
and [ __ ] not get woken up when they move
around it just seems like a bad idea all
across I'm you a heavy sleeper or a
heavy ish but I mean like the physical
closeness and warmness of being next to
someone I think overcomes like the minor
discomfort of it yeah I'm a cynic after
being married for 15 years but when I go
to sleep I want you to stay the [ __ ]
away from me so I was okay
even it over relationship that Saturday
net can exist we're like a third fourth
excited person we get less attention to
be sidelined the second something
happens it can really suck yeah [ __ ]
that [ __ ] I genuinely hate physical
affection all farms oh damn
all right open relationships the literal
definition of being a [ __ ] no the
literal definition of being a [ __ ] is
raising somebody else's child that's the
literal definition the fetish definition
of [ __ ] holding is usually half bringing
over somebody else to [ __ ] your
significant other and then you watch and
then sometimes the more extreme versions
of [ __ ] holding is when that person
that's brought over to [ __ ] the other
person and then the person their [ __ ]
your significant other are like
humiliating your or engaging in that
sort of activity it's like the extreme
fetish version but otherwise [ __ ]
holding a cut cleaning is usually just
the person watching third so us Oh
getting [ __ ] with someone else and what
a what percent of cases do you think
open marriages can even work I have no
idea it's really hard I'm not sure I
feel like it's very rare that you could
be in something like that and have it
not like bring out jealousy and things
like that yeah I don't know would you
ever be the bowl destiny um I don't know
if I would I tried it one time a long
time ago kind of and I hated it I
couldn't actually even get it up and he
wasn't even there was a really awkward
that's the that's the one story
in there being against unicorns King
shaming shouldn't you let them do
whatever they want yeah you kind of you
I mean if everybody wants to I can but
I've heard like a lot of unicorns or a
lot of people will complain about that
as well like people seeking threesome as
well say [ __ ] like that like looking for
two other people like no relationships
like I don't wanna be the Unicorn to
your dumb [ __ ] like I've heard a lot of
people complain about that
you
do you think you want to relay [ __ ] more
if you had a job that didn't have a
large amount of social interactions no
my guess here I think I would need
somebody that would be like super
comfortable like being like really
social and being like on camera a lot
and [ __ ] like if I was in it like a
super big relation with somebody ever
want to like incorporate them into my
stream stuff to some extent right or
like be able to not enough like hide
them and shine I think would be a big
deal
for someone's first time I don't know be
chill and I mean you have to get
experience it's gonna be show I mean
that's
but like make sure you're with somebody
that you're comfortable with
have you experimented with men I don't
think we're ready for those
conversations yet
that I've seen so no [ __ ] that's not
everything
twitchchat destiny yeah but usually you
guys are talking to a bunch of dumb [ __ ]
you
what is one thing you've noticed that
women who value more than people realize
I mean like one like really basic thing
is like I think that is like a guy you
can probably learn to like give better
head cuz I've been with like a
surprising amount of girls that have
been with guys that are apparently very
[ __ ] bad at it like holy [ __ ] and
that's like something that there's like
no excuse for you to be [ __ ] of that
like it's pretty easy too it's not that
[ __ ] complicated
getting someone to teach you is the hard
part well the hard part you you just I
mean like any girl will probably tell
you but you need to UM you need to have
like no ego while doing it a lot of
people approach sex with like a really
big ego if you have a really big ego
going into sex it's you're not gonna
have a good time and you're never gonna
learn anything just be open to feedback
like tell her like I'll do that anytime
I'm with a girl always say like in media
like before I even do anything go if I'm
ever doing anything if it's comfortable
or uncomfortable like let me know or
like if I do something new or different
I'm like does this feel good do you like
this compared to that right just ask
question like that's really good right
to get feedback some girls like to
fingers some like three some girls like
none while you're eating them out so you
know I you there is no like people
always post like this is the killer
guide to eating [ __ ] this is the one
and it's like like every girl is like
totally [ __ ] different right like
I've been with girls that like you
literally have to chew on their [ __ ] in
order for them to like get off and then
other girls if you even pull back the
hood it's too sensitive for them like
like everybody's like super super super
[ __ ] different you just have to
communicate a lot with your partner
watch i thoughts on being available
resulting in people valuing you less i
think thats Ansell advice that gets
misinterpreted i don't think that like i
don't think you have to play some weird
game we like oh I'm never free for you
because I'm so important and now you're
gonna value me I think it's more just
don't go to the other extreme where
you're like can we hang out today what
about tomorrow morning oh you're not
available what about tomorrow afternoon
or like maybe I can just like write
because if you're comin like too strong
like that unless you're like I mean
unless you guys know each other at all
if you're deep in a relationship yeah
what if the girl was super introvert and
you don't and doesn't give advice and
they were super shy you don't waste your
time [ __ ] shy introverted girls
because it's always gonna be a shitty
lay anyway [ __ ] that if a girl's not
willing to talk or communicate [ __ ] to
you and [ __ ] that nothing's worse than
going down on some chick that's not
gonna say anything or react to anything
you have no [ __ ] idea you're going in
blind unless you've got like the force
or some [ __ ] to guide your torpedoes
that shit's always gonna suck also what
most guys should do is clip and file
their fingernails Oh
oh my god okay yeah okay so I mean like
there are like basic pointers don't ever
[ __ ] smash your fingers into a girl
when they're [ __ ] dried that is
horrible
what the [ __ ] is wrong with you if the
girl is not wet enough for you to like
drag your [ __ ] up and down a few times
to get them wet like if I can give them
a couple sucks holy [ __ ]
don't ever smash [ __ ] dry fingers
into a girl also if your finger
[ __ ] a girl you should be bending
your fingers a little bit you don't
wanna be dragging your [ __ ]
fingernails along the [ __ ] vaginal
wall make sure your nails are [ __ ]
trimmed don't ever don't ever bury dry
fingernails into a girl's were bad you
like to scrape and [ __ ] of her walls
don't do that [ __ ] holy [ __ ]
serious thoughts on eating ass overrated
I mean it's really good as long as both
people take a shower first yeah I think
it's a really good thing that should be
willing to do it or I mean you don't
have to do anything but I mean [ __ ] it
like the thing is that like the
unfortunate reality is is that your dick
is pretty important in sex and their you
know what you know how Jonah Peterson
says make your bed I'm gonna say eat ass
okay there are some things in life that
you can't control you can't control how
big your dick is or the angle of your
dick you just can't you born with what
you have and that's what you got just
like there are some times when you step
outside your room there are gonna be
things that come up in life that you
can't that you can't handle you can't
deal where you can handle it but you
can't deal with them or they're [ __ ]
up or they're shitty and so what you
need to do is take care of what you can
take care of there's no reason why you
can't make your bed every morning get
control of at least some part of your
life there's no reason why you can't eat
ass right make yourself sexually you
know powerful in the ways that you can
so there you go [ __ ] destiny three or
four fingers I think two fingers is
perfect for finger [ __ ] somebody some
girls have really like threes I've never
met someone that likes four but I think
two is like the perfect amount of like
mobility and like doing [ __ ] if you want
if you want to do like advanced
techniques the best thing to do okay so
the inside of the vagina is no press
okay here's your one here's like one
general thing keep in mind that nothing
is guaranteed to work okay
but like instead of finger [ __ ] a
girl directly on angle your finger down
right almost of it like your knuckles
here almost I got our ass and then like
a mum up and go up that way and then as
soon as you every time you do like an
end stroke curl these guys like that
just [ __ ] do that [ __ ] move like
you're [ __ ] trying to dig out like a
huge [ __ ] booger
that's like hiding on the inside wall of
her vagina you angle it down like that
you can go up that's some good ass [ __ ]
scoop out that magical [ __ ] that
magical deliciousness that's a good
that's a good thing to do
yeah get the juice but um but don't do
that also also like um also be chill
nobody likes it how five I mean leaving
tangos for hours like general advice if
somebody feels like um so sometimes like
a girl can be getting close to coming
but it's not gonna happen you have to be
able to identify that because you can't
do the same thing for literally like two
hours right like if she's clearly not
gonna get there or if she's been like on
edge for like [ __ ] ten minutes right
that's way too long if she's been on
edge for like two or three minutes like
change it out like do something else go
to something else and like chill out you
don't want to literally you don't want
to sit there literally like finger bash
somebody's [ __ ] g-spot for like five
minutes did you come yet Oh like doing
the same [ __ ] [ __ ] like at some point
it's not gonna happen you know you have
to have to be cognizant of that does
dick size matter even if you can't
control it
yeah dick size definitely matters that's
really shitty I'm sorry in a sucks but
like there are things like there are
positions that are better for some
things than other things and there are
ways that you can [ __ ] people and like
nighty-night okay let's do like here's a
fact okay if you have a micro dick like
you're probably like [ __ ] but um I'm
sorry like [ __ ] that sounds really mean
but like learn other [ __ ] like you have
to but like chances are your dick is
probably fine like if your dick is
anywhere from like probably like four
and a half to five and a half inches
you're probably okay right you're
probably not going to be like any big
trouble you stop chat stop [ __ ]
slandering me alright [ __ ] can't you
forgot the most important rule if you
have a tiny dick you have to have a big
bank account to him
[Music]
when their dick pics of you leak you're
not too blessed yourself I'm six and a
half inches okay I'm over average you
can't you can't make fun of me for the
size of my dick because because my
pictures are [ __ ] out there guy [ __ ]
off
actually and the funny thing is it's
like I don't believe like this is why
even even being slightly over average I
know that a lot of guys like lie about
their dick size because I've talked to a
lot of guys that will tell me [ __ ] like
oh yeah I'm seven and a half inches and
I like [ __ ] every girl like no problem
even at my size I would say that like
thirty percent of the girls that I have
had sex with don't comfortably take it
all girls do this really [ __ ] stupid
[ __ ] and I actually anytime I see a girl
do this I will stop and call her out on
it cuz it actually triggers the [ __ ] out
of me where when you're [ __ ] a girl
she will never actually tell you that
it's uncomfortable because it's a little
bit too long what they do is they'll
curve their body a little bit to the
side so that you're going into their
vagina slightly sideways and it's
actually the stupidest most infuriating
[ __ ] [ __ ] because like I'll because
I'll notice it it'll happen because
sometimes like girls like move a little
when you [ __ ] so you're like you correct
them a couple times but then I don't
know if like any other guys are like
slightly above average or have this
problem but like instead of like just
saying like hey like put like because
there are things you can do as a girl
you can put their legs in front of them
or whatever you can do things so that it
works fine but instead of actually
saying anything they'll just like
slightly kind of like angle their body
to the side so that you're like going in
at this weird [ __ ] side and I was
like hey if there's a [ __ ] problem
can you [ __ ] say something instead of
me like correcting like a hundred times
because his [ __ ] stupid as [ __ ] one
day that's mean I didn't really
understand what's going on I thought I
was average decidable oh yeah and like
this is like I'm barely I don't even
know if I'm six and a half I'm like if
I'm not I'm like barely there I've had a
debate with someone else before but um
yeah so like if you've got like a five
and a half inch dick or a five inch dick
like you're probably fine like 99% a lot
of guys will have like an average-sized
dick and they think they're like
literally a [ __ ] and it's like people
get like way way way too crazy do any
girls get weirded out by your uncut
member um don't I mean a couple of
comments but I mean I mean everything
works fine so
how important is girth compared to
length I mean like the girth you you are
the harder it's gonna be to get a
[ __ ]
I mean girthier is probably better
within reason but I mean I don't know do
you get turned off from a smelly [ __ ]
because I can't stand [ __ ] I've never
been with a girl with bad hygiene before
ever thank the [ __ ] Lord it's never
I've never I don't know how I'm just
gonna really like you but I've never had
that problem before getting this adaran
screen circumcised and uncircumcised
dicks I mean they look different sure
but I'm more or less they function the
same way
how many of you runner people ask for
weird stuff most of the people I run
into a pretty vanilla I think but I mean
I haven't branched out looking for like
super weird stuff either
can you post a picture here dick
somewhere I can't find it yeah donate me
five thousand dollars and I'll give you
a dick pic okay oh my god
I took three viewers we hate condoms
you're probably getting the wrong size
finally oh yeah that's another pro tip
if you want um if you want condoms the
Magnum condoms are really good for like
I think magnums will fit average-sized
guys and if you um and if you get them
they don't squeeze the [ __ ] out of your
um they don't squeeze the [ __ ] out of
your dick holy [ __ ]
I don't know if anyone ever has that
problem like we're normal condoms what
like wrap the [ __ ] around your dick and
choke the life out of it holy [ __ ]
women height preferences um I don't know
I don't care can you make this IRL sex
advice originally think you should join
Tyler's pockets with Knut oh I don't
know what kind of advice they give there
I know what works for dating if it
doesn't work I feel pretty confident on
it but I don't know like what kind of
[ __ ] meme [ __ ] I don't know what the
[ __ ] they talk about like the the
problem with most relationship or sex
advice is that the advice is often very
simple but not very easy so it doesn't
make for good like stuff to talk about
like friends is like the the number one
most important thing for having really
good sex it's just communication that's
like a really simple thing but it's not
easy right like having the confidence to
communicate with people having to
wherewithal to know what to communicate
to respond to communication well without
having a big ego like you know what
works for when you've been with I don't
think you can generalize based on that
except the communication is key yeah
pretty much yeah every woman is
different that's really important as
well what works on one person doesn't
work on another have you ever had a girl
refused to give you head because you're
uncut no never in my life have you ever
the girl doesn't shave her pubic hair
legs or armpits not everything I've been
with some girls that don't I think I've
been with I think there was one girl who
didn't shave anything at all but it's
really rare most girls do some sort of
shaving I did at this point of my life
like I think at the very least like the
lips need to be bare it's just not fun
to like somebody that when you're
[ __ ]
like going through like a whole [ __ ]
mat like I feel like I'm eating out a
[ __ ] cat not like in a sexy way like
um I don't know I just I think that your
lips have to be shaved
I don't think um yeah I just don't have
time or it were really sleek trimmed
really short also um if you're a guy you
have to if you're a guy you have to
shave your balls - if you ever want them
to be played with at all if you don't
you're [ __ ] disgusting what about you
do you drink yeah you should trim the
top and shave the balls that's what you
shut down what do you think about people
who put their height in their bio um I
don't know I mean I mean you can do it
like the biggest piece of advice is like
take a shower beforehand yeah you can do
that too sure I don't think that's as
big a deal but yeah you can share your
ball shaving technique yeah if you want
to shave your balls for somebody for a
sexual encounter the most important
thing is to start 3 days in advance and
do it every single day leading up cuz
you'll never get every hair the first
time there's always like hair that are
like that are like hiding in some
crevice or whatever but shaving your
balls is not very difficult just do it
if you just do it it's not hard it's
easier to shave than anything else the
hardest thing to shave on a man's body
is your [ __ ] chin right and then for
women the hardest thing to shave is your
your [ __ ] knees right I mean like
those are harder to shave than your
[ __ ] veg but um yeah like shaving
your balls is pretty easy
don't use trimmers it's hard as [ __ ]
wait what I was shaving your chin hard I
don't know for me my chin in my Adam's
apple we're awkward what the wait what's
harder to shave than your [ __ ] chin
it's not your [ __ ] cheek it's not
your neck what could possibly be harder
to shave than your chin more difficult
to shave your balls than your chin no
how do you cut they're just smooth ball
skin would be money about ease of doing
it yeah you just stretch it out you just
drag the [ __ ] razor how what do you
mean the [ __ ] are you doing to your chin
like that's more work than that that
involves stretching oh I guess oh I mean
like it's more work I guess I'm thinking
is terms like cutting yourself or
whatever it seems like you're more
likely to cut like your chin or
something then you're never gonna cut
your balls I mean I would think no
actually that's incorrect it'd be more
likely that you would cut your balls
than your chin so you can never cut your
fighting balls okay good skin you just
pull a torch in big your chin okay is
the very taut already it's very
difficult to kind of cut in there but
it's like carving or like rebus isn't
[ __ ] it's got like shape to it you got
to like go over your balls so like you
know just [ __ ] loose skin you have to
like it's very thin you don't think that
like can you pull it taut and then you
drag the razor across it I just think
it's disingenuous to say but it's easier
than your chin that's it's a lie I Nick
my balls and trim and draw blood almost
every time I trim them why are you
trimming them just use a razor wait what
do you mean well you know you're wrong
right no you think it's easier to shave
your balls than your chin that's one of
the reasons why I started growing a
goatee and I have a beard as I hated
shaving my [ __ ] chin [ __ ] what [ __ ]
this under your beard look like is it
like [ __ ] ridges and [ __ ] I don't
understand how that's possible
I don't know it's just a chin it's
harder than shaven just like a some good
piece of skin you were completely right
yeah there are people in show that I
understand thank you they're just your
[ __ ] dick writers literally in this
case and they're completely wrong
use a trimmer Wyatt don't ever use a
trimmer you shave you use a German a
beard don't ever use a trimmer instead
of shaving I want you to know all these
people agreeing with you or probably the
same people that stand up to wipe their
ass shut the [ __ ] up shaving your balls
is so easy you guys are crazy
shaving your balls are scary okay
whatever
yeah don't ever use a trimmer in your
balls that sounds scary all I would be
able to see is like a dude I am [ __ ]
like the trimmer like [ __ ] start
eating your ball skin you'd pull it away
and rip it out like your ball would just
fall out of the [ __ ] set oh god
that's what I would have it oh my that's
all I can think about I would never use
a [ __ ] trimmer anywhere that way too
much loose skin [ __ ] that [ __ ] also for
all you young uns out there beware of
Nair that's not for these parts okay
really don't do that also shaving your
ass it's kind of uh you know it's a
case-by-case basis it's not too good of
a feeling if you let it grow in so if
you're gonna shave your ass make sure
you're committed to living your life
with a shaved ass moving forward yeah
what do you use that you just use a
razor like whatever razor would you use
on like it like a Gillette or a dollar
shave club or whatever you just use a
razor yeah razors safer than trimmers
yeah razors not gonna eat your [ __ ]
skin where each hair comes out of the
sack there's a very small lump these get
cut Oh
do you fat before sex no why the [ __ ]
would I do that what do you smell
preferences you prefer a freshly washed
smell I do before a light musk I mean
like if you're [ __ ] somebody like
they're gonna smell like something I
mean like if you like if somebody like
went to work and then came home and you
[ __ ] him afterwards I don't think it's
the worst thing in the world people act
like people need to be like [ __ ]
freshly showered to [ __ ] them I think
that's kind of ridiculous I mean unless
a person you with it like has like
horrible [ __ ] hygiene issues it's
okay to [ __ ] somebody that like showered
in the morning like [ __ ] em at night
like that that's okay well I mean it
depends on what you're gonna do also
right well yeah I don't think I'd ever
like eat so he's a sore whatever after
like a day at work [ __ ] that that's like
a fresh out of the shower thing or like
for anal you probably have to do
preparation for that give her oh my god
oh my god like I muted for a reason oh
yeah and then if you're a girl obviously
for the six of you that are out there
right now always make sure to pee after
you a guy for experience always make
sure to go pee afterwards don't get UTIs
guys till I have [ __ ] I don't give a
[ __ ] about that [ __ ]
it's usually a lot harder for I gotta
get a tan but yeah you should as well I
guess how long do you usually have sex
for it until you come listen here's the
deal okay if you want to be if you want
to be a god you have to make sacrifices
okay you have to make a decision at some
point and you have to say am i ready am
I ready to rise above what a normal
man's dick should be able to handle am I
ready to rise above and deliver a
pounding to this puss that she's never
[ __ ] had before because if you are
you got to make some sacrifices you got
to get on a hard core you got to get on
that twice a day death grip masturbation
regimen okay and when you [ __ ] that
chicks [ __ ] it needs to not feel as
crazy as your own [ __ ] hand does
that's the sacrifice that you need to be
ready to make all right that's how can
people not last long if you're wearing a
condom in the first place I know I would
never [ __ ] some of the condom it's not a
girl I would grip my digging out
jerk-off
right [ __ ] there I'm feeling
[ __ ] you're crazy
oh my gosh what how did you do that back
in the tinder days if you never wore
rubber they needed to have it either you
what do you call it eight you want to
say yeah not a UTI I was thinking I Edie
but it's inner uterine device IUD yeah
you need a the other you and you have
IUD or they need to be on the pill so
not a lot of STDs in Nebraska I guess oh
there are but I usually talk to people
make sure they're tested first I'm
really paranoid about that [ __ ] I don't
have any STDs I don't even have hsv-1 I
don't even have the oral herpes stand
which like 80% of Americans have so [ __ ]
yeah you probably have the disease from
cats
Toxoplasma gondii is it toxic I thought
was just talking plasmosis but I don't
know maybe isn't that like a [ __ ] ton of
people or have that or yeah you're
predisposed to liking cats there's some
[ __ ] like that
never E of you uttered a more [ __ ] boys
game and they're not using I just wanna
[ __ ] with her it doesn't feel good I'd
rather just like a masturbate or we can
make out or we can like trade head or
whatever but I'm never [ __ ] somebody
with it with a condom I have death grip
the [ __ ] out of my dick far too much to
actually try to get pleasure out of a
vagina with a condom on it's just not
gonna happen
it's it's not gonna [ __ ] happen okay
it's a mess
wear a condom I mean I'll get soft
though I can't do that because it
literally feels like nothing I feel like
have a numbing agent on my dick don't
they actually make condoms with numbing
agents built into them no um they might
so there you go chat I'll be useful for
you guys
would you get head with a condom they're
really hot no what the [ __ ] well [ __ ]
what I want so do suck a piece of rubber
wrapped around me [ __ ] that [ __ ] so when
you say you always asks so go back in
the days when we were doing tinder
streams and you meet up with this chick
for the first time but she wants to do
it how confident are you at that point
like where are you like you know [ __ ] it
let's go for it like you don't know if
she's just bullshitting you when she
says she doesn't have it I mean yeah I'm
a little dumb I guess I take people's
words forever like I usually like figure
out a little bit about them or I get to
know them quite a bit I usually have
like a cell phone number in a facebook
so I can kind of like look through their
[ __ ] so like the girl I see like on
Saturdays is like a law student and [ __ ]
and she like it seems like pretty
responsible like in most days I mean I
guess it's possible she's secretly like
[ __ ] crazy or something I mean I
guess I should probably consider that
more what about coming inside if she
says she has a I u D or on the pill or
something are you doing it are always
pulling um yeah [ __ ] I guess if I really
trust him I guess I'm just [ __ ] doing
it but I probably shouldn't how I should
probably like check for well the thing
to be concerned there is like you don't
in that you know baby daddy situation
you know what I mean you want to make
sure there's zero chance of that being
the case no yeah you're a risk-taker man
no farm for us I mean if two random
tinder ticks you're living the life no
oh no no no no I'm sorry that would only
be like with a regular girl that like I
trust and I see you like on the regular
I would never come inside of a random
tinder chick like on a one-night stand
like I'm no no I would never do that
that's only gonna be like oral or I'm
gonna I don't even know if I was just
coming on a girl like that or she'd do
some crazy [ __ ]
but um I don't know here puck to like
make sure she doesn't get any of it
Jesus
how often you get tested for STDs um I
used to get tested I don't know like
yearly like the meme test but you'd like
pee into a cup and then like I think six
or seven months ago I got like a blood
test to check for like everything I
should do another one pretty soon
probably you can get into the was it the
weekly or monthly blood test the Devon
de Jesus I don't think you can know if
you have HPV um I don't know I don't
know if I've ever taken an HPV test
before I don't know if you can know that
if you are going or if they even test
for that I'm not sure but you've never
gotten like a cam person ever had like
no no I don't have a just be when I took
a blood test and it tests for HSV 1 and
2 and I don't know either so no but
you've never had one of those things
that you've never I've had a canker sore
but never a cold sorry no if you've had
a same thing if you've had a cold no
they're not
canker sores can appear like inside of
your mouth like on your instant on the
inside of your mouth and whatever cold
sores typically appear around your lips
outside of your mouth but um
cold sores are typically hsv-1 that's a
good question someone asked so now that
you're a nice popular streamer you seek
out people who know you I mean I think I
already know these monsters I mean I'm
gonna say yeah but I get like
propositions through like [ __ ] [ __ ]
elides I'm so glad I got Instagram
that's all I'm gonna say
holy [ __ ] but it's really really hard I
try to be really careful when I navigate
those types of sexual relationships
because I have to be like really careful
to be really responsible cuz it's really
easy to find somebody that's like
enamored with you or like infatuated
with you and I feel like really scummy
sometimes like if I'm pushing too hard
on that and I have to take a step back I
usually I try to tell these people like
at least ones like hey like just you
know there's no pressure we're chatting
if you don't do anything sexual that's
cool though I'm not gonna hate you or
whatever right like cuz that gets really
weird and I still have to feel out at
that point because sometimes people get
ya a little crazy like I are gonna tell
like they're willing to do stuff they're
not comfortable with just because
they're a fan I'd rather just be with a
stranger I think because those fan
interactions can be really hard to
responsibly navigate okay have you ever
had like a sodapoppin creature type
situation I don't know if you ever
talked about that before like no you
have any like absolutely insane people
alright what's the most what's the
I speak that you performed our most
special chatter like interns were like
having like a [ __ ] stalker or
whatever yeah I guess um I don't think
I've had like a crazy stalker person Oh
interesting
excited to refresh that page stalker
said he didn't notice nice are you up so
late anyways I don't know cuz I'm
[ __ ] stupid um have you ever had a
date on tinder tell you she loves you
too much her tells you she loves you too
no I don't think that's ever happened
now when is too soon to say that you
love someone once the the soonest you
can do it oh damn Danny I don't [ __ ]
know have you ever done a gnome
role-playing no imagine actually
stalking bestnice ma'am American destiny
would have even more mad fans on his
reddit went have you ever faked it Oh
faked having an orgasm
um I've faked like not being into it
yeah some girls are really bad and I
just don't know what to say yeah I don't
know [ __ ] you can't like happening you
got to get the [ __ ] out of there yeah
I've never like faked having an orgasm I
mean you can't really do that as a guy
but um I have you can do it absolutely
as if you're inside of them but
that was like my third or fourth
girlfriend was just a [ __ ] disaster
half the time but destiny would you're
not trying to correct them nicely um no
I just feels weird the number one issue
that I run into is usually girls giving
like wait like two Thibault jobs and I
don't like the and the problem is like I
don't know if like their mouth is just
too small so never like hey open up a
little you dumb [ __ ] like I don't want
I don't know what I would say like it
feels like any advice I would give would
be like super condescending maybe I'm
part of the problem maybe they wouldn't
be maybe well that's not true like the
like one person I'm saying pretty
regularly I was like really receptive to
feedback and stuff but like for like a
random one-night stand
I usually depending on the type of
person there I don't want to be like
over corrected because like I'm not
about to fix your whole [ __ ] [ __ ]
technique like tonight and I don't want
to be your [ __ ] and I just so I wrote
just move on to something different
right I don't know
I love dumb [ __ ] yeah I don't mean it
like that I'm sorry I'm just talking
about [ __ ] would you recommend dating
skinnier girls if you have a 6g tanga I
don't know if the size of a girl has
anything to do with like the feel of her
vagina she could be into that dumb [ __ ]
though what does that mean of like being
told what to do
there's a difference being being
dominated versus somebody telling you
that you suck at what you're doing right
that's kind of similar to what you were
saying about wanting under be honest
your dick is hitting the Starbucks
you're right it really is
now you're right destiny go to bed yeah
I should hold on one sec I'll be back
actually as a restaurant quick don't let
scare my audience wait done hey listen
while I have all you guys here oh wow
6000 of you listen we need more cool
guest on the podcast oh my god god damn
it I hope you caught me right is this
about to do the shill to get more guests
coming on I already have two guys
working for us
intro them if you if you know cool
people to have them come on do you
really say the gamer word
No do you have something on all [ __ ]
I don't like listening to music while
having sex because I feel like it flex
with the rhythm too much I've done it
like I've had well I don't do it but
I've had other people do it but I
noticed that when other people do it
influences like my rhythm like I can't
if there's a song playing I can't have
sex that's not in rhythm with a song I
just [ __ ] with my head too much and I
don't like the idea like a song telling
me like what tempo I should [ __ ] I don't
like that do you owe it to girls to
taste your semen to see if it's good or
bad no you don't do anything in our
control with [ __ ]
it's bad by the way it's not it's super
neutral tasting chill-out
what about if you find the correct song
to have sex - what if you get to the end
and you haven't finished yet
you
how do you handle a girl going to make
out after giving you a bj I don't give a
[ __ ] the [ __ ] is how does [ __ ] if you're
not willing to make out with a girl she
goes down you're probably gonna have a
bad time
good luck well actually actually most
girls probably won't make you do it but
I can do it why the [ __ ] not
what if the music responded to your
rhythm what like Metal Gear Solid like
the tempo goes up or I guess the tempo
doesn't actually change it's just layers
to the some I like near
by the way destiny certain times for
STD's can't be found even with a blood
like what what kind of [ __ ] tell me
what kind of crazy-ass [ __ ] disease I
should be worried about [ __ ] off dude as
long as you're testing for what like
hsv-1 and to HIV and then like you're
hitting like the main like the big like
gonorrhea and syphilis and [ __ ] or
whatever what we're like what else is
hiding I guess like guys don't test for
HPV but I don't think HPV does anything
to guys
super aids
Lima
have I ever had AIDS nice isn't it
pretty difficult to get HIV if you're a
dude and sleeping with a woman yeah i
think that i could be wrong i think the
transmission is pretty hard through
vaginal sex through anal sex is very
easy but any anal expansive no i never
[ __ ] was asked for I've never really
had the desire to either my ex-wife
wanted to a lot but she always wanted to
in the heat of the moment and there's no
[ __ ] way you're fitting inside
somebody's [ __ ] Anita the moment you
have to work up to this [ __ ] so I never
actually did it you can get it easy with
anal or blood to wound okay
that is correct if you go to [ __ ] a girl
and she has an open gaping wound and you
have an open gaping wound and they make
contact with each other and she's
[ __ ] has HIV then yes you can get a
Jerry jesus-fucking-christ guys how hard
do you find it to say no to a girl who's
pressuring you to do something you don't
want I think it can be hard as a guy I'm
super open to do I'll try anything at
least once as long as it's not involving
water sports or scat I'll try anything
with a girl least once I don't really
care I'll feel very pressured if I don't
like I'll just say I don't like it if
you're not into something say something
yeah sure I would never try sounding no
soundings when you stick rods down your
urethra maybe usually they get
progressively larger we tasted your own
come before it yeah sure that's [ __ ]
vanilla [ __ ] dude come on would you
continue we found out just before they
were mailed a female trans woman if I
gotten that far I am probably [ __ ]
why not sure that's a pasta center new
time yeah we're staying at noon from now
on it's still in like seven hours six
and a half hours
what's the most kinky stuff you're into
it yeah why the [ __ ] do you think I
would ever say that hunt [ __ ] stream
get your girlfriend or sister to message
me and she can find out [ __ ] off
do you date around your age um it's hard
to find girls around my age everyone
seems to be younger than me I don't know
I mean I guess I'm old
yeah unwanted I guess it's kind of
flattering but like on another and it's
really weird like hanging out with a
girl that's like 23 and like it's just I
kind of wonder like [ __ ] like who the
[ __ ] was I at 23 like Jesus Christ I
don't know it's really weird
I lied to my boss so I could work from
home am ia bad boy maybe you say you're
99% straight but no that's way lower
than that
what is the youngest you're willing to
date the youngest first time only to
date I don't even know I have no idea I
mean I would theoretically if they've
gone through like the life stages I
don't probably care deep hey if you uh
how's your pot smoking go have you gone
past it oh yeah I smoked a little bit
the day before last night I think or
maybe last night so what do I need to
know if I want to get back into smoking
pot tell me what I have to look forward
to I don't know I don't know the last
time I smoked what I found out was I
didn't actually have a panic attack but
I kept getting scared that I was gonna
have panic attacks and that was like my
anxiety also I think I experienced like
anxiety smoking because I started have a
lot of very weird fears that I don't
think I normally would like I started to
get scared that I would have the desire
to throw myself out the window and then
I started to get scared that police were
gonna come in and like arrest me for
something like I did like I have the
right to someone online
like I told someone's gonna kill him it
like they took it seriously and I
actually like had that fear for a little
bit for me I see this when's the last
time you had an enjoyable experience
smoking pot before shrim um yeah before
then it was just kind of like me me and
like just whatever like getting almost
feeling like drunk I guess so you you
know how many times you think you've
smoked since then I don't know probably
seven or eight times
well I don't think I'm going to go
through that [ __ ] that yeah you keep
going now you do the research you fear
death you of course it's my biggest fear
probably right now again what's up with
all the drugs isn't there anything else
going yeah I don't do a lot of drugs I
just smoke occasional that Sam
did anyone turn you down after learning
about your job um no I don't think so
usually when girls printed my job that
usually think it's really cool or they
just don't care
when is Nathan visiting I'm hoping to go
visit him I want to go to him and before
I go to New Zealand with my streaming
device we can go to the zoo and I can
stream it over somehow that would be
cool you have a gimbal for your phone
when you're streaming yeah but I want to
use that um
streaming device yes I got messages from
black chick strand by your instrument
yep got one this morning does anyone
ever ask if I know ninja and hull should
they how much of you saw your Instagram
name for um 500k I'd do it
do you know ninja nope
do you like Nord pianos at off my TV is
the better yeah no pianos are [ __ ]
amazing ok you guys have two more
minutes and I'm gonna go to bed what do
we got we ever tried cocaine nope
have a good day never crime allowed to
say you would sell your insta account
for 500k [ __ ] hell yeah what about
sex um drugs no I haven't I don't know
if I'd be sane enough to do it or if I'd
be too scared to get a bone I mean no
one tell me you're gay sexual
experiences I feel like it's to me me
for [ __ ] chat maybe in the future are
you gonna do it Kali fan meetup um I
don't know maybe at some point never got
weird it about how much of our everyday
lives is just subject to subjective
intuitive knowledge and we can't really
know have you ever gotten a head like
this doesn't work I mean it looks ok
that guy's dick bends in a really
[ __ ] weird way though holy [ __ ] that
makes me uncomfortable
well I don't know how one thing that
I've noticed is the difference between
like um people that get like guys get
hard in different ways like when my
Deuter is ready to go he is at attention
and he is very much straight up very
integrity driven upright not very
flexible people that like do that like
sometimes girls try to do that [ __ ]
we like rub their vagina like on your
dick like against your stomach that
hurts like a [ __ ] for me I can't
do that [ __ ] that's excruciatingly ly
[ __ ] painful I can't do that what
about the angle when they try to like
bend it down
[ __ ] that [ __ ] can't do that either nope
it sticks one direction straight up guys
with like super curved dicks it must be
rough going for them I'm 48 dependent on
you guys I mean depending on how it is
this probably feels good I mean these
guys have like [ __ ] the letter C dude
I don't know
how you have described it I'm pretty
sure we have twin dicks destiny well
thanks young chubbs upper straight out
up well straight out up if you're laying
down I guess Steve I sent you a message
by the way on discord I'm not sure if
you give a [ __ ] you just found that out
by chance gotcha
looks beautiful girls ask you to dildo
what do you do [ __ ] weather dude you
should always avoid girls want to use
toys well your mess won't go for him
okay can I go to sleep now I think I'm
good give any recommendation or tips to
help us starter out for a piano learn
your scales or near arpeggio it's my
dude it's Destin tiny little stuff his
boner up his waistband yeah I've never
heard of people that do that or I don't
know I mean I've heard of it I've never
known how you can do that it would just
pull my pants now it sounds impossible
to do what would you do if you were to
put if I were to reach it up if I were
to pull it back like a [ __ ] crank and
put it like where my pants are it would
just come out it would pull everything
down and like just [ __ ] to tag people
I don't understand if you would if you
have a thing that's like wants to be
like this and then you like and you
crank it back this is what is this
called like potential mechanical energy
like and then you would like pull pants
up it would just like wash it would come
out wouldn't it like a [ __ ]
guillotine wall I'd be ready to go dude
how did you survive at school you get a
boner at inconvenient time you couldn't
I would be [ __ ] dude but I went to an
all-boys school so I wasn't usually
getting boners at school
you tuck at the head not at the base at
the head that's where most of your
[ __ ] torque is my dude what are you
talking about
have you gone down on a girl on her
period yeah sure why the [ __ ] not dude I
don't give a [ __ ] as long as they're not
like as long as they're not like
actively gushing blood you can [ __ ]
get a girl off without you definitely
[ __ ] ton [ __ ] full vampire taco
style huh sure why not
went to an all-boys school lol usually
didn't get boners meeting it happened a
few times yeah of course is that I was a
[ __ ] teenager you random [ __ ]
boners all the time what the [ __ ] kind
of teenager were you could satisfy the
world's energy needs of this kinetic
energy Stern its dick my dick store is a
lot of energy okay listen man if you
find if you hit up the right chick
alright there are pictures of there I
could hold up my head
never mind actually I want to talk about
this new new topic wait I need to sleep
I want to discuss a physicalism again
the teacher I don't know do you maybe at
some point destiny it's decided
it's four to four I'm so happy my
internet isn't [ __ ] here dude I can like
stream all I want and I don't know
[ __ ] [ __ ] holy [ __ ]
weird how many people have had cook
fetishes awaken them after all okay one
so one girl was really happy or one girl
like the fact that my guy got so
straight so I would take this is so
stupid dumbest thing listen she liked it
when I would take pictures of it with
stuff like hanging off of it so I have
like you can find pictures of my my
authentic HD 598 like on the end of my
Deuter he needs just like chilling out
there you go those pictures are out
there somewhere if you find the right
girl you can find him okay that's what
I'm that's what I'm talking about okay
are you happy
these are the types of things that I
usually don't say are you happy there we
set it there you go okay good luck
what other things were hanging from your
dick I don't even remember headphones
for the would you rather suck another
guy's kid if that got you to [ __ ] some
girl what the [ __ ] what do you mean
another guy's a dick destiny what the
[ __ ] did I say kid oh dude you're
getting fve you're getting FBI everybody
give a clap with an anachronism abuse
cuz you know the FBI is coming in on
that one dudes [ __ ]
how are you dad how are you Seth flex
how big is your dick flaccid is actually
insanely small maybe an inch maybe two
it's very very very small I like that
though I don't know some people like to
have it big all the time but like it
it's very portable like I can put it not
gonna get in any accidents or anything
yeah I'd never think about it like if
I'm not hard it's just
very compact very mobile thing it must
be [ __ ] awesome like not to have a
dick during your daily things now hear
me out right having a dick like you kind
of get used to it but not having one
like you could probably run faster you
don't have anything there like I'd be
[ __ ] awesome can't get kicked in the
nuts and have it be painful
[ __ ] awesome maybe yeah I can't
imagine the people that have like the
things that are always big and they just
get harder holy [ __ ] I can't I don't
know what you do your dick would just be
showing like all the [ __ ] time I'm a
grower in it Oh am i showing it sexy
yeah [ __ ] that you think
Hasan's gonna have to go the whole week
do you think he's gonna know we'll find
out thanks that was insightful I have no
idea I really don't know he says his
account managers gonna try to send an
appeal but has a girl ever seen he's
soft yeah most of them are entertained
by it because of the it's pretty
dramatic the difference in size between
soft and hard thank God I'm normal - 1
to 2 inches soft I'm usually pretty
self-conscious about now if I could do
the [ __ ] Aires how if somebody's gonna
judge you by your soft dick what the
[ __ ] you ever tried femdom yeah sure
girls that are really confident I really
hope this [ __ ] kid
I need to same guys it's been fun I even
moved back the podcast so that I could
stay up a little later and like I would
have [ __ ] done represent a cappuccino
Papa Qi know how but you know my
opportunity no cappuccino cappuccino
i'll between of my dudes stay safe
hopefully I'll be back at noon listen
long if you guys want the best thing to
stay here longer you have to keep
donating and something I'm gonna say
right now you don't you know if you do
it I'm gonna leave right now right oh
you're Jewish skills are just so I try
to teach you more I'm gonna sleep okay
riperino cappuccino Papageno highway 1
river and a cappuccino cappuccino
cappuccino my Pacino Deborah Chino
cappuccino cappuccino cappuccino
Alba Chino might do it to be careful
sleep well
[Music]
