yo pic and the chat is a guy the first
no one wants to debate you
you should drag him in your discord and
chat no thank you
I just want to build pretty planners and
[ __ ] okay do I really need to debate
this guy right now what does he even
want to talk about I wanted to debate
your view of reason itself I think you
can't sustain your presuppositions that
are required for all your other beliefs
what can you give me like an example of
what you mean by that reason on atheism
Christ free will but free will is no
grounding and naturalism I'd also
mention the evolutionary argument
against naturalism and Boltzmann brains
I only know what like half of those
words mean but I don't believe in free
will at all
I don't think free will is required for
you to be an atheist at all either I
don't know how those two things are
connected like I don't think those two
things are connected in any way size
shape or form unless you like explicitly
connected them as a person if you could
say it but I've never heard that we need
to believe in free will to be an atheist
are you perhaps deterministic I don't
like to say deterministic because when I
say deterministic it results in a whole
bunch of autistic like some really
stupid objections but yeah I pretty much
him or if I'm not deterministic I I mean
it because people always bring up some
weird copenhague and quantum [ __ ] if
I say no I'm not deterministic I mean I
would very easily say free will
definitely doesn't exist in any size
shape or form unless you even do like in
a weird compatible list sense but um
yeah I'll say that much the term you're
looking for is probabilistic sure that
doesn't really speak to whether or not
you have freewill enough though I would
say absolutely don't believe in free
well whether or not the universe is
predetermined or not I don't have the
necessary background to say I assume
when destiny said he believed that
things were deterministic that was the
same saying they were predetermined I
could get on board with that I suppose
well even if I say they're not
deterministic
I have zero absolutely zero zero belief
in any form of freewill whatsoever zero
absolutely zero I don't think that you
can possibly believe in it without
entertaining some type of delusion is
what I would say I don't think you can
argue for the validity of reason given
your belief that human beings cannot
choose anything your thoughts are the
result of atomic interactions nothing
or okay how are those two statements
contradictory I mean I believe in the
latter but I don't know why that means
you can't I mean like if you live in a
deterministic system you you just act as
though you're not part of one kind of in
some ways right I mean if you're talking
about my ability to make moral judgments
or something I mean you could argue that
maybe that I'm not capable of doing that
which is a fair criticism but ninis
argue that the concept of objective
reason doesn't work in purely
materialistic system because the reason
is not materialistic what is that huh I
don't know if that's true or not
non-deterministic doesn't mean free will
exist you couldn't you could have two
possible outcomes in a situation in okra
yeah I'm still ago that's why I don't
like it when people think when I when I
concede the non-deterministic think
people think that magically gets them to
free well but it doesn't at all but a
lot of people make that really oh okay
well and I totally agree it's like well
no I don't think you do but people think
is all or nothing absolutes like there
has to be two options and you have to
pick one type reality well kind of it's
I mean yeah I don't know [ __ ] you don't
know it's true I'm just kidding I know
everything I doubt you're a true atheist
given your humanistic moral standpoint
and your dialect dialectical opposition
to discussing the existence of an
absolute cosmic entity due to the
confabulate I'm pretty sure you're
making words up due to the confabulation
induced by your destitute upbringing I
could elucidate my points more clearly
over voice hey nice job did I tip tip
tip to you m'lady Malay he determinism
needs materialism / physicalism a little
to work how do explain determinism if
you apply that reality as a duality to
itself well I mean I'm pretty sure you
would describe me as a materialist right
materialism is the belief that
everything is physical that there's
nothing supernatural is it not that
everything arises from physical
properties hold on I have to look this
up to make sure I'm not talking [ __ ]
Tyrael is bizarre from a philosophical
mono ism which holds that matter is the
fundamental substance of nature and then
all things including mental aspects and
consciousness are results of material
interactions yeah correct so you would
I'm pretty sure every time I say you
would call me that somebody emails me
for I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure I
would be considered a materialist
determinism does not require physical
ISM or materialism whatever non material
ontology someone wants to pause it could
easily be deterministic
yeah that's true - co-ack I just didn't
wanna argue with a guy cause he's using
a lot of big words he was intimidating
me but that seems right as well right
couldn't you posit that God exists that
like for instance well actually this is
a common religious belief right is the
idea of a clockmaker God that the
universe is in a sense determined but
God said everything in motion at the
very beginning so this would be a non
materialistic origin of the universe
that is still deterministic in nature
right medieval Christianity is actually
a big contributor to determinism ah
there was a I believe in early forms of
Puritanism
was the idea I believe it was called the
religious name for it as
predetermination or it might be
predestination and it's the idea that
whether or not you go to heaven is
actually determined at the moment of
birth or conception or ever that nothing
you did will can ever like get you into
heaven if that makes sense now of course
I know that technically nothing you do
can get you to heaven because we only
get to heaven by the grace of God etc
but it was the idea that like whether or
not you would go to heaven I think was
determined at birth Calvinism yeah okay
the argument is God knows the future
therefore there can only be one future
therefore the future is determined I'm
familiar with the syllogism but that the
Christian argument I believe that like a
priest would give you is the idea that
it's still your choice to make
God just knows what choice you'll make
that kind of sounds pretty good
predetermine though right I don't know I
don't know go ask the religious dude how
they rationalize [ __ ] I'm in general
chat I'm gonna talk to a guy for a
second to drag him in here I do you want
I don't care whatever you wanna do okay
all right I just wanted spam or flood
you're alright you're here buddy
what's up oh hey let me turn off I'm
shot so basically this was all related
to the gun control debate cuz he linked
me to your point and my issue is on
determinism you're not able to choose
between options right you you have
atomic interactions energy interactions
and it all essentially determines your
thoughts you don't have reason that
imposes itself on your choices you
simply do
what you are predetermined to do okay
wait wait wait just cuz we're having
shown to be super super super clear on
all the terms so I would disagree when
you say you don't have reason because
it's predetermined so I would argue that
I could program an addition algorithm
into a calculator that takes three plus
three and outputs six now that is a form
of reason and it's using logic to
determine the answer no even though the
answer is predetermined that reason
still exists I don't know how this is
gonna come up later about it so I
wouldn't know I wouldn't say that reason
can't exist in a predetermined system
just that things are arguably
predetermined or whatever okay so what
yeah what you're essentially saying that
I believe is that like if if an atom
interacts with another atom there is a
reason for their interaction that's
that's not the way I'm using reason here
I'm using our sense of the ability to to
just to come to a conclusion given
evidence to choose between options lay
the options and choose rationally which
one is superior like you're hinting at
something that gets into a whole area
philosophy that's kind of cool it's the
Chinese room problem of can you make a
machine that can think yeah I don't like
yeah yeah over that but I don't think
that's actually the core issue I think
the simple fact is do you believe that
when you come to a conclusion you are
able to come to a different conclusion
no I don't believe that okay so well let
me just the really small caveat okay um
I would say I do not believe I could
come to a different conclusion except
possibly if there is some weird quantum
mean that causes an electron or so yeah
but assuming that assuming that we are
excluding all of that kind of [ __ ] I
would argue that yes whatever conclusion
I came to it was the only conclusion I
could have ever come to correct right
and the reason I wouldn't even get to
the quantum state issue is because
that's not actually addressing that the
free war yeah and it's still an external
external cause they you know cadet all
over yeah so so really you you haven't
reasoned to your conclusions you merely
your brain is the result of physical
physical in tracks correct okay so which
which I find interesting I wouldn't
therefore hold reason in high supremacy
in your view right like it doesn't
mean a lot you just what's the
difference between reason and being the
result of you know indoctrination
they're both the result of atomic
interactions Kirino so there is I don't
know how to I don't know how to
verbalize this well mainly cuz I'm not
interested in doing it but I know other
people have done it better than I can
but they're like the idea is that even
if you live from a third party position
we live in a predetermined system you
would you wouldn't have function in that
predetermined system as though you you
would function as though you had free
will right or even if you acknowledge
that things are predetermined you that
still doesn't change the way that you
act I guess so that makes sense yeah but
I don't know if we should we should
found our perspectives on idea that we
should live like this is all illusory
like yes you're predetermined but
pretend you're not like I mean can you
see the issue I kind of understand but
like if you take it to like the next
level then you can live like it's
predetermined but that shouldn't change
anything with how you act really can you
give me an example of something that
changes or I'm sorry I keep ending up in
here point oh I just find it interesting
that you're saying you can choose to do
something but really you can't choose to
do anything you just you're you're even
predetermined in the thought that you
should pretend you're not predetermined
exactly even that itself is predetermine
exactly I would agree with that so what
I mean this also gets to the mind-body
problem which you you looked at the
definition of materialism and one of the
issues with materialism is that it
generally requires you to deny the
existence of the unembodied or the
existence of the mind pretty my mind or
rather I only view it as an extraction
or not an extraction as a as an
abstraction of interacting underlying
physical processes correct oh yeah in
definitely and so the I mean there's a
couple issues I would I would take with
that perspective because I think the
reason I'm kind of going on this tangent
is that you need the mind in order to
have a non-physical entity otherwise
every physical entity as a result of
prior physical interactions like so your
position on atheism I think makes
complete sense I think the issue though
is that you do not have reason as I
don't want to use overly complicate
words because it just obvious fixes or
jesse's amended Lana form and I can I
can learn him it's fine
yeah so ontological like
ontological is the study of what is
really real pistol knowledge is how we
learn something for ontology is what is
really real you don't have an
ontological grounding for reason reason
is just I mean it's the same thing as
delusion it's the same thing as illusion
is the same thing as hallucination is
the same thing as indoctrination
there is no difference because there's
no such thing as a mental state now I
would take issue with this because in
effort for one thing in philosophy you
can distinguish between two things if
they are not identical if what is true
of one is not sure of the other right so
if we can find one thing one thing that
is true of your mental state that is not
true of the physical world we can
distinguish Supino's are specifically
the brain if we can distinguish between
the mind and the brain and even one area
they are not identical and therefore
can't be the likud confused and so so
one is basically the aboutness of your
thoughts so a physical atom is something
it is an ion ER is interacting with a
chemical it is these states and you can
learn about these days but your thoughts
are about things atoms are not about
other things atoms simply so are I think
my argument here would be that I would
take issue with your defining that
mental states are not about things and I
would just argue to be the technology to
sufficiently measure it okay III don't
mean it's right I mean our mental state
states are about things I mean this is
obvious you think about okay about my
argument right now sure but no physical
no physical entity is about something
else in and of itself okay Adam is not
about another Adam okay sure but but but
again I feel like I think you'd know my
response to all of this right I would
argue that all of these things could be
traced to discrete like physical
processes we just don't have the
sufficient technology to do so right
this would be my okay now this does I
feel like an appeal to ignorance right
here you're basically saying your
position you can never be dissuaded from
because you always well okay but my
position is my position is rooted in the
idea that every other thing in the
entire universe that we have ever
explored has always been materialistic
in nature this is the only thing and I
think I have decent grounds to
and on the analyzing the discrete mental
states of people is very very very
complicated I think I can I feel
comfortable in saying that this is
probably also a materialistic thing
because every other non materialistic
thing that we have discovered or or
research has been materialistic I think
I have okay to use I make sense what's
your response to yeah yeah but obviously
I would I would disagree I disagree
I will try to watch a couple of your
videos i watch a lot okay when you say
you when you say you disagree in what
sense
well part of I'm a Christian theist and
I have a lot of my grounding on the
apologetic arguments that take essential
scientific premises or philosophical
premises and reach deductive conclusions
so I don't simply go faith faith faith I
also think we probably would disagree
what faith is
but I would say that on on the evidence
I would say that I would actually reject
the claim that the universe looks
materialistic for a number of reasons
okay can you give me one reason yeah
sure uh so this actually would get to
another I think your given answer would
probably get to another argument against
the issue of reason so this is called
the teleological argument and basically
the fine-tuning of the universe yeah I
know it wasn't a logical argument okay
okay but what happens when I plug what
happens when you plug God into the first
premise of the teleological argument it
doesn't it turn into a wait so the
premise is that this the simple simple
syllogism is the fine-tuning of the
universe is a result of chance design or
necessity it's not the result of chance
or necessity therefore it is design so I
don't know where you're saying plug in
God I'm sorry for well isn't the
teleological argument essentially argues
that the universe is so complicated and
so finely tuned that it must have been
created by someone else right yeah I
mean and on probability we're not
dealing with absolute so I would say
yeah so my question is why can't I say
that God is so is so fine-tuned and so
perfect that wasn't cool but someone
else so I think we're confusing the
ideas of God with the being of God that
God's being is not complicated God is an
unembodied mind he he like a Eduard Fez
or the Philosopher's phaser the
Philosopher's basically said
from a Thomas perspective God is
absolutely simple like he doesn't have
moving parts he doesn't have atoms that
compose him but God being pretty simple
he doesn't have a limitation on his
knowledge it's not like an arbitrary
limitation that's complicated no he
simply has all knowledge he has simply
has all logical power I feel like I feel
like you're trying to win this what
would I say talk tautologically like
you're trying to give a definition to
God that makes it so you win the
argument like you you have a definition
that an all-powerful being that can
manipulate everything in time and space
and matter and every individual person
and read everything and you're arguing
through your redefining of words that
this entity is simple that I feel like I
would take issue with that well well can
you agree that on a Christian theistic
perspective God is not a physical being
by nature what yeah but but that's
that's not very good because again like
you're winning your argument on
definition like you're you're
essentially begging a question it's I
mean how so well because you're
essentially saying that like okay the
universe is so finely tuned and and so
crazy magnificently perfect that it must
have been created by something that had
a hand in designing this and then I go
okay like why can't it why am i
misstating that no no so then I said
then I would say okay well if you want
to claim that that that is not that the
universe can't possibly exist for that
having been pre-designed then I would
argue that all the properties that I
give the universe you give to God so why
can't I say that God must have been
designed by someone else and then it
becomes progressive oh you redefine God
to say well no he's actually really
simple which okay I understand I
understand your critique but I really
don't think historical theology I mean
like go back as far as you want it has
always had the presupposition that God
is not a physical entity so so simply
simple fact if I point out like the the
fine-tuning of the low entropy
conditions of the initial universe like
that's not a property you can assign to
God he's not a physical entity it simply
can't be applied to it he just is a
spiritual a spirit a spiritual being so
