hey guys what's up welcome to episode 8
of gnomes Tom's and catacombs
apparently discord did a big update and
it completely messed up the lagging of
all the cameras so we ate a switch over
to zoom siren starting later than usual
today but yeah we're here now and go
ahead and kneel hello why don't we just
hop into game we last left off with you
guys in missus and you were speaking to
a contact of Wyatts and you went to bed
woke up the next morning to hear about a
gnome beaten to death in the streets and
as you're sitting around and waiting
you're approached by a figure an older
man in his probably 60s or 70s who comes
over to the table at the winch's whale
where you're staying and introduces
himself to you hello there he says with
a bit of a cheery gruff voice hello
you're the one mmm
Rosetta said needed a lift off this
place huh heading out to the talons are
you that would be our mission right now
correct excellent good boat will be
ready this evening we'll head out right
before dusk just as the sun's beginning
to go down want to get off the mainland
before tomorrow morning
that sounds evening I'll see you there
and you believe you can secure a safe
passage without alerting any of the
surrounding soldiers or army or
infantrymen about our positions it's
what I do best
okay he gives you a wave and walks out
okay that was convenient yeah you four
of you are sitting at your table with
people hanging out having a good time
getting raucous early in the morning
what would you like to spend this day
doing
we can investigate the gnome that died
or so I I think we should probably just
lay low until we leave tomorrow it's
tempting to investigate the death of the
gnome but but I would want to risk us
getting caught up in anything here
before we take up shop yeah I want to
shop too
okay I pull it Gerald and we're gonna go
shopping we're gonna go shopping for new
clothes shopping for a new clothes I
want spells
oh no we'll go together to both places
okay okay all right
shopping spree has started now
pernicious is a port town facing the
east so it has all sorts of early access
to goods anything that comes to dreck
as' oh I shouldn't say anything but many
things that come to direct us from out
of out of the country come through this
port so you've got all sorts of exotic
clothing options to go with what are you
looking for Midori dude are they like
fishnet stockings yes okay I'm gonna get
one of those what I'm gonna write this
down so I can draw it later
yeah fishnet stockings I wanted I want a
new cloak like a black cloak but like a
really feminine cloak with a ribbon at
the hot in the front what color is the
revenue it's red obviously what color is
the ribbon oh I like red blood red let's
go look blood Fred ribbon stupid
questions yes
what color are the fish are the fish in
it's black yes I want black boots as
well but the bit of a heel but not too
much because she doesn't want I don't
like walking emus
mm-hmm sure you can get nice shiny black
leather boots lace all the way up here
you're thinking like a gothic like least
yeah you probably know Xena that my wife
is in there yeah um and then maybe like
in another bag but then they can like a
more you know fashionable bag I'm tired
of carrying good one keep human like a
back sack we're like a satchel be really
cute
somebody in satchel just like a brown
satchel
kinda cute there yeah suede on the
inside boiled leather on the out what do
you call Polish Lebanon the outside
hands that work and I'm gonna get one
black ribbon from my hair I'm gonna
start wearing my hair up this time
what color is Midori's hair to begin
with teal like teal mmm do really how do
I make it for me changer for this what
huh except for mage no it's just it's a
fantasy world like if they give me any
color I want it to be right
yeah captain bad bread barb oh is that
because we've been journeying together
for a long time my hair's grown by now
he's excellent and my licks yeah what
are you looking for you said you're
looking for spells
I want a hat first how about that you
can go to the haberdashery yeah
why does happen - sorry so that's a
girl's hat hats
I want a Red Hat ah a triangular Red Hat
the woman that runs the store is named
Minnie she's a fairly large yet short
woman and she has a whole selection of
red hats for you
she's got red hats with letters she's
got red hats without letters she's got
baseball caps she's got pointy wizard
hats she's got like Broadbent
ribbed brimmed farming hats what are you
looking for give me a style 10-gallon
hat um how about this hat hey I don't
know if I can link this something that
is like a big triangle hat like this oh
yeah she nods and says no I should have
known when he walked in that you would
be looking for this hold on and she no
come with me and she leads you to a a
small door in the side of the
haberdashery it's really small it's like
no three eight feet tall only just like
get down on her knees to open it for you
and motions you in and inside is a room
filled with brown pants blue vests and
pointed red hats you're kidding me I'm
not even kidding you this is amazing
yeah and they come in all different
styles you know you've got your silk
blue vests you've got your corduroy blue
vests you've got your burlap blue vests
those are the most popular and the most
fashionable burlap is in fashion this
season everyone gets everything made out
of burlap these days okay oh well I
can't complain with the fashion right
burlap oh I will side suede on the
inside or do you like silk on the inside
inside all right
silk and burlap or you just want the hat
or you want a coat and pants in a wooden
shoes too
I want the full suit only then well I
look cute she lets you browse you'll
notice there was no other exit from this
room you have to come back out the way
you came in but you can browse and mix
and match everything you want Minnie
here so works as a no mist on the side
excellent
do you want a fedora with me like no I'm
good okay I would like to go to the
spell shop after I shop sure but most
importantly you're getting let's talk
about your little outfit here because
it's before yeah it to get details right
you're outside silk on the inside for
the coat for the best right what about
your hat do you have any particular
makes models materials specialties their
hats with like pockets inside there's
hats of pockets on the outside some of
them have feather some of them have a
bit of a brim what are you looking for
here can I get the silk inside to have a
secret pocket for my my my burlap silk
sure I'm only question is how many
secret pockets do you want I mean at
least two well they come in in 210 and
101 okay I'll take two
okay wait what's the price increase for
a hundred not very much it's more of
like a fashion and style thing in fact
they're essentially the same price I'm
taking a hundred a hundred pockets yes
alright can I get a fedora - you may buy
a fedora yes I'm gonna buy one for luck
- okay so you get the the vest for the
pockets what sort of how are you getting
I also want how many pockets can I get
in the Hat the pocket can have one to
four Hat the Hat done okay and for your
pants are you going with burlap pants on
the outside as well or I am okay burlap
vest burlap pants and cobble cogs I need
some I think they're yes all right
unfortunately this shop doesn't have
black boots for you but you can find it
somewhere else why don't you pay ow I
don't they're like 400 copper for all of
this cuz it's well-made my quest
continues for the black boots we're not
done yet okay I will pay that's for gold
right mm-hmm
yes done excellent okay would anyone
else like to do any other fashionable
shopping while we're here your clothes
have been tattered and the blood stained
and they're cut open and they're ripped
from all the things you've been doing
you've been using the same set of
clothes
disgusting get a wardrobe change mm-hmm
look I know you are
nope I'm good my contouring okay this is
serious business okay it's not really
playing fashion I look over at his at
him and and then look him down with a
disdainful look in my eyes like that
condescending look I'm like you you
should you should change it clothes even
way the same thing for weeks and months
it's disgusting you smell like dead fish
I mean we have changed and clean our
clothes it's possible to do that without
purchasing a new wardrobe then you've
been wearing the same set of clothes for
so long like don't you want to look a
little cool
I mean I don't know if we make a guy cap
from the talons without any of you
retreating or acting as cowards I'll buy
a new wardrobe okay you can pick out the
clothes yourselves Midori can I can i
buy the Captain Hook kind of a look yes
describe it to all of us because maybe
someone's never seen Hook or Peter Pan
it's gonna be like a big bright red kind
of jacket was a knight like a nice white
um kind of handkerchief esque then
bluish tights and then like pinkish what
are those like socks I'm colorblind I'm
so terrible in all right yeah like
pinkish tights a red coat white crevasse
cabana and three-point hat got a regular
hat good a regular hat
yeah I'll go with that excellent do you
want the feather in it as well
uh yeah oh you should just think look
like this guy the actual I love this
movie I'm sorry but not exactly solid
you get the gold trim and the tassels
and the fringe and the frills and the
lace your costume is going to cost you
quite a bundle though it's gonna cost
like 800 copper okay
I ain't going eco yeah I will easily
fork over the money done three of you
look fantastic right now as Lily's new
outfit really that bad no it's great
you're the one that's standing out again
you try to make a frame you know I mean
it was okay Lee funny bye guys
all right Gerald it's time for your your
spell shopping right yes one of the
towns that has a public wizard shop here
it's a little magic shop nestled away
against the back of a hill there's some
plants growing on it like a small garden
growing on the hilltop with a fence
around it and a scarecrow planted in the
middle of
except you noticed the Scarecrow has
like painted on eyes and the painted on
eyes seem to kind of be looking around
as if it's guarding the the hilltop that
garden on it
that's something head inside and there
is a young boy behind the counter he's
got a small little bowtie on pimples all
over his face
shock of yellow hair kind of coming off
one side in a bit of a cowlick above him
that his clothes are nice he's got big
cuffs and cuff links and buttons that
are nice and shiny and recently polished
and he says in his Q Besant broken voice
there hello young girl um I have quite
the question have you as well oh I see
well I have the question might you have
a wizard spell name suggestion well
that's a great suggestion if I've heard
one oh let me see what we have in our
inventory he says and pulls out a big
leather tome smacks it on the table and
I kind of little plume of dust comes out
and he flips it and starts turning pages
for a moment while he looks through it
ah suggestion yeah wait that's one of
the spells that we sell here indeed what
very good very good
um how about a spell to make someone
quite large um perhaps that would help
yes you have it that's a common spell
that gnomes ask for around here yep yes
well I need it for something you're
looking for general enlargement right
not hmm feature specific enlargement
large or small I want it all right right
we have a little large spell that makes
you bigger but it makes you bigger
proportionately everywhere
that's the plan indeed good okay because
we've had people coming in asking for
enlarged spells and turns out they
wanted just a large specific things like
you know an extra big thumb or whatever
it must also make them small so that's
not all the spell can do Oh quite good
quite good and what would the price be
for these spells pray tell look at your
book and we'll see what you got and if
you have anything we don't we'll trade
else we can sell okay I'll I'll give
them all show of my book okay he plops
it down and starts flipping through the
pages nodding to himself every now and
then chuckling at the little notes you
have drawn in the margins take a look at
your spell list see if you have anything
exotic or rare in it these are all
through tensors floating disk patient
miss you step web blur cloud of daggers
not dark vision they do not have dark
visions so they will treat you dark
vision for either suggestion or in large
reduce okay um I'll do that trade for
and larger reduce for sure okay cool
so they will give you a copy of the
spell written down on a scroll which you
will then need to spend some time
memorizing sure okay before okay they
don't have you don't have anything else
that they want to trade for for
suggestion so you can try and buy it
straight up but it's gonna be expensive
okay how expensive it's gonna be 200
gold okay and what would be let's see
I'd also like to look at invisibility
would that be the same price or know
they have invisibility but
oh that's that's one of those spells I'm
not authorized to sell like you let me
go get the stop keeper for you he says
and he goes and brings a big Bell bang
bang bang bang back and forth and a few
moments later wizened older man leaning
heavily on a cane with a white beard
that dangles down between his knees kind
of hobbles in from a back door behind
the kid up to the table and
master no I hope yourself at home all
very good I see that sheer I'm good day
um it is I am enjoying my stay in your
shop and I wondered if you had some good
spell drops here was the young man
wanting Billy explains what was going on
the state of the business thus far and
the old man says well I'm sorry
invisibility is a dangerous spell you
know last time I sold an invisibility
spell it was to a young man and he was
found in the women's bath set himself up
there and just stayed until he fell
asleep in a spell broke terrible thing
terrible terrible thing um but what is
your purpose for this spell well a spell
that would help me disappear would make
other people realize that I'm not here I
would never do anything so dreadful I
fear I would do something that would
allow other people to stay safe in the
not a lot of things that rhyme with that
there's a yes but I would never I would
never court the spell with a young wave
[Music]
you look like an honest fellow tell me
what is your goal in life well I do love
to explore and I've been looking to find
out more and more about the wonderful
world above for you see I
come from down below really who pray
tell is this fellow as well he's a
musical gnome of sorts plays a guitar
indeed I might know him for I play the
bagpipe and my tunes are actually quite
hype with a group of people and they're
always at work anywho enough enough of
our old friends bypass
you seem like a surprisingly good fellow
hmm just I'm going to need you to tell
me honestly now he pulls out a pen pulls
out a small notepad from the side and I
need your name the name of your family
your town the birth and where you
currently reside just just in case this
any robbery is nearby and I need to
explain to the police why I sold an
invisibility spell to a complete
stranger um of course of course
well I am Jerry cannot and yes
and my hometown is a young town named a
Kanaan in the Far mountains of the
region khan of khans
you say I'm not familiar with any region
of khan's that is that on solemn it is a
place deep below so not all who may know
it or not the gnome that didn't make any
sense at all what Kingdom is that he
says from
there's notes quickly jotting these
things down yes yes kingdom indeed
Mysteria I believe is what you're
looking for okay and this is accurate
information cuz you're Gerald I'm
completely making this up okay cuz she
is almost like Gerald's what is your
last name very good not good not right
but I'm Gerald not ya right and you're
not from a Kanaan incon are you right
you're you're lying to the old man yeah
yeah I'm writing down a fix a fictitious
name yeah perfect okay
he exceptional and he'll sell you the
invisibility spell for 300 gold I um
I'll negotiate him down can I try to
make I'll do it in code Oh pray tell
that that is a little too much gold I'm
afraid for this old Nome to be told
perhaps the spell could be sold in
exchange for something else you would
need done and then we could have won a
deal instead of none you have something
to sell me in exchange hmm I might
indeed let me take a look through my
various things
ah I see this and I what I pull out the
the old shaman stuff that I have a rare
staff from down below a tomb from long
ago and here is this funny hat and you
may like that
very nice I'm afraid we don't deal in
smelly stabs and hats oh no no this is
no smelly staff my friend from a very
old mage this is from at a deep dark
deep dark tomb me old chum this is the
magical staff in a magic hat you are
trading it for a single spell ah but it
is not of any magic kind but it does
have it is a nice fine that perhaps some
wizard would like to buy that comes
along
next after the the Hat you had there
nice looks at them and down again and
goes I I'm sorry if you had maybe a
small magic trinket here or there or a
potion I would be willing to trade but
not for trifles we deal with magic and
magic accessories wait I thought potions
didn't exist
potions exist but they're just not
available in stores
yeah ok difficult to produce well run
along then there's a one hmm I don't
think we will find the deal but should
come across any trinkets come on back
and we'll trade very well near the known
gnome how important is this spell I'll
show my ring or whatever oh not not
worth that or not yeah yeah we're um
we'll get it we'll get it back someday
my friend when we come back through
these parts again have a good trip and
to you I wish a good day and a good end
thank you for the good parle how locked
down does this shop look it's got a
magical scarecrow on top watching the
garden the inside doesn't have any
obvious defenses but you'd be a fool to
try something it's a good question so it
looks like you've done your clothing
shopping and your magic shopping is
there anything else you want to do with
your day today before you hop on the
boat and sail your way across the sea to
the talons where you will find hopefully
a clue about what major tavington is
doing that I'm sorry colonel tavington
is doing over there I'm gonna see if
Midori wants to go out for like a dinner
well uh like colleagues yeah uh our
Midori like to go have some fresh
seafood I'd know the best places in
earnestness
oh I mean it just just just does just
just this uh uh yeah just just us but
it's strictly business yeah
oh yeah tonic great yes yeah yeah I
guess I could make sometime tonight yeah
I'll see you at 8:00 okay that's pretty
cute thank you
in the meantime between it but before
their date
Neil is there would there be anything
that our characters would know that we
would need to buy for the talents like
any kind of survival gear or anything
like that that is a fantastic question
oh you're so on top of your alright
let's talk about it I was wondering if
you guys we're just gonna show up
unprepared or not
let's bring us all over towards the
talons and this region so we can see
that they are snowy lands they're cold
as balls they're Rocky they're
essentially like a mountain range that
was sunk below the sea 1,500 years ago
with it God's got really pissed at all
the people in the world and sort of
broke the world and kind of split
continents apart and lowered mountain
ranges and created deserts and all sorts
of awful terrible things so there was
once a civilization on here that's long
been lost you figure you're gonna need
food and some sort of warmth if you're
gonna be out in the cold for a long time
and then I don't know what you're gonna
be doing while you're there so there
might be other specialty supplies like
climbing stuff area is it you might need
climbing stuff if you want to climb a
mountain what what are we we're going
there to meet someone are we going there
just to discover we don't know why we're
going there right right old colonel
tavington sent a detachment to go look
for something on the talons and it seems
to be related to the search at the
Drakon ridge where you found the vampire
cassandra okay then looking at both of
these areas quite heavily so i'll start
I think we should all start like like
what if I wanted to go around to the
party and ask them if I could just like
start buying things for them since
there they're out on a date and Stephens
doing something else or sorry like
enchant my cloak to warm me or something
like that there are specific spells that
will do that and then there's also like
you creating magic items at higher
levels no one can take care of
everything so large for cloaks for
everyone or a fur cloak sub sighs and
get one for Dominick the donkey - okay
yes I'll get one first so that's five
people and the donkey or four people we
have to bring him as done we can't carry
that we need him for like to carry ship
for us right now is will he let us bring
it on the boat you can definitely bring
it on the boat it's a small sloop that
you're gonna be on it
you'll have to like tie the donkey up
and lay him down on the ground so hasn't
freaked out and he's the best donkey in
the land he's very he's been trying but
Dominick the donkey does create certain
problems when you travel with him right
you're not gonna be able to be very
stealthy with Dominic and yeah sometimes
if you're in a hurry and he's stubborn
he might be a little bit slowed in large
Overland situations he's great but in
times of stress maybe not so much aren't
they're also Birds where we're
going there are giant birds that prey on
large animals yes so do you want to take
Dominic or do you not mind being
encumbered for this mission
leave some gear behind because I need
someone to be a pack mule for us could
we do that you could hire a Sherpa
absolutely how many's a Sherpa in this
situation you just be paying a day
laborer to carry your around right
yeah oh that's that's like a silver a
day we're hiring a Sherpa is there one
native is there one named Dominic in the
city for an extra silver a day he'll
let's go red day all right how much gear
do you have on Dominick the donkey yeah
I I have it all um I never got the
weight I guess but I have it all like
lista 30 okay yep 30 feet of rope three
bed rolls 50
defeat of another 50 feet of ro1 water
skin 21 rations and 9 torches all right
so we're looking at like 80 pounds here
yeah one of those like we could get rid
of like the 30 feet of rope - oh they
don't you sure you'll you can find a
nice strong guy he'll need to have 16
strength to carry this around for you so
you're looking for like a really big day
labor so let's double that price let's
just call it five silver day so it's for
easy math kind of counting because
that's half a gold and you for mom
what's going on he'll just shut up and
carry her stuff and walk behind you but
you got to keep him safe and he's not
fighting anything for a period and he'll
surrender rabbit what if he knew okay
he's out no that's fine yeah you know
give him this awesome prompting and
we'll settle out the bill when you get
brownie return I'll Pam he is a quiet
sort of fellow he carries your and
then he stands around not saying much he
likes all right damaging days drifting
off in the world and not paying
attention to what's happening all uh
throw our a newfound Dominic the coin
excellent all right anything else that
you want before you head off and then
we'll have a well what are your
expectations for when you arrive do we
need stuff to like make a fire or to be
able to like set up a camp like that
there to keep warm I should have
someone's got a tinderbox on right or a1
and I could also I mean I'm also a
wizard but we need we need warm clothes
so we need to like fur cloaks for
everybody for sure should we buy um
climbing stuff just in case Vegas I
don't know how much it was yeah that's
gonna be heavy but you can buy climbing
stuff like a harness and you probably
don't none of you are experienced
climbers so no Pitons or anything like
that but like a basic harness to attach
people to is probably a good idea so why
don't you which is that way now
harnesses are pound each and two hundred
copper each ice picks are two pounds and
four hundred copper and you guys wanted
like cloaks right heavy cloaks for
keeping warm yeah yeah
must be in this other document you
should they were 400 right and she found
it for a nice big yeah thank you I'll
just get you some cloaks and we will
move forward are we adding cloak weights
here is this what now it's part of your
existing stuff a nice wool cloak yeah so
that's gonna be like another two hundred
copper each so two four six eight
hundred copper for the cloaks okay and
how many harnesses do you need one for
every person um yeah okay so that's
gonna be sixteen gold or I spit I'm
sorry for harnesses and cloaks and then
you've got one ice pick and you've got
rope and that should be enough just
survive
do you want to buy it gnome and then we
can give you out the money later yep
okay yeah I'll do I'll do it so all the
end them the sixteen gold sixteen and
then so everybody had a okay I've got a
harness and an icepick harness one pound
ice picks to make sure you're not
encumbering you're buying ice picks for
everybody um when we all need one right
or can the price for okay hold on so
that means each person's buying eight
gold worth of gear so yeah I'll throw up
the other sixteen okay excellent
alright so everyone you can just ignore
the cloak it's just on you harness is a
pound ice pick is two pounds and you
should all have that um will buy one
additional cloak for the pack no guy or
does he have his own yes you'll need one
for him too
well that was to both got it thank you
okay so a harness is one pound you said
in a nice biggest deal yes Jimmy care
anything
yeah I'm encumbered what do you do have
a ration on you or anything nope
do you have what's your heaviest thing
that's not like armor my ice pack I
guess your weight is fine it's 81 points
right yeah
do we have an approach to last year from
give me the ice pick and I'll hold on to
nananana and I'm not gonna mess her name
just being a furnace man do we um do we
need any uh do we need any extra rations
anything are we good for a while we have
21 on the guy and I have 10 on me so
that's gonna food for about three or
four days how does the like me like
Sierra Lily have any ten wait you said
we oh it's a portable / so that's eight
days worth of food if you have five and
that's nine days worth of food I think
that's good yeah it's fine yeah the
small islands okay before as we're done
shopping I'm gonna find the captain I'll
just nudge him and give him a link and
say I've just come across it in large
spell if you think your date night will
go well I'm not a gnome I thumbs up and
I I wander off that evening after
everyone is done with their shopping and
everything bad Brad Barbeau where are
you taking her what's the place I'm
definitely taking her to the finest fish
place called um Fisher's and bits fishes
and bits and tell me about the
atmosphere at fishes and bits ah fishes
and bits is one of the nastiest avens
in like all of the land but it was my it
was all I could afford as a pirate um so
yeah so it's like a dirty net is like a
dirty nasty crime a grungy shitty spot
like right next to the pier but their
fish is good but it's on the pier though
that's not it is on the pier but it
smells insanely been it has a view of
the I'm guessing the water is not like
greatest there
yeah it's a motion it's a big open
beautiful ocean a nice view of the ocean
pollution okay I have gotten seas like
I'm food poisoning from all right and
are you picking her up or she's just
meeting you here um I'm gonna just meet
her in the bar and I guess I'll just
take her there it's a business meeting
okay
yeah we all know it's a business meeting
uh-huh can we just skip over this sure
yeah we're but yeah we just okay all
right moving forward it sounds like you
guys have finished dinner and you meet
up with chef he is your 65s year old sea
captain smuggler sort of guy you'll meet
him down by the docks that evening as
the Sun is setting and he shows you to
the little sloop he's got here he's yeah
Andy does he do his own shipping sailing
there's yep like acronym you just see
him by himself here yeah where's your
crew matey
I don't need a crew just me here a man
who does it all I like it mm-hmm
we're all cousins of Wyatt because of
Wyatt cousin of mine so to the talons we
go you guys got everything you need
should be ready to go
I'll tell them we have and ask you fee
thinks we're missing anything for the
journey well I don't like to ask too
many questions but if you're gonna be
walking around on the islands there
you'll I'll definitely need what you got
all right and you guys can hop into a
sloop and head out it is gonna be a
couple of days maybe a single day on the
water
a full day and he'll have food for you
guys while you're here and
well have any of you ever been on a long
ship voyage capsule barbicide no
absolutely not I'm gonna like stand by
the edge of the ship and vomit once
every four hours this one how come to be
sure well thing people to like I guess
I'd go on a vacation or travel to
another land yeah you would probably
have to travel by ship plenty of times
the rest of these suckers are plebs
especially my lips see if you've been
underground your whole life and this is
your first time coming out and the last
time you were in furnace this was
probably the first time you saw the
ocean ever this is definitely your first
time out on the ocean quite right yes um
it's terrifying it's a big open space
and I'm used to these very small like
enclosed spaces that I like so I'm going
to try to find the smallest like
tightest location at the deepest part of
the boat and I'll play my bagpipes from
there can I ask them if we can if I can
take them up to the crow's nest and show
them I I have to roll a perception check
I'm hiding come on say you guys journey
to the talons it's going to take you a
while to get there and as you are
approaching when the mountains become
visible in the distance your captain
chef will ask you so which of these your
islands do you want to go to
she probably is there like a main island
here or are these all considered equally
important the the fourth talent the
northernmost one piece of island
ain't nothing on there except for
man-eating beasts and trees I'd leave it
alone the other three all uninhabited
except by monsters these days and small
expedition that came out here recently
out here do you know which island that
one went to I don't fortunately
can I throw him of gold and see if it
remembers anything yeah you toss him a
gold and goes it I believe they came out
on the storm bound choose a good sailing
ship run by a young man inherited from
his father I'll see if I can spot the
ship out here and that'll tell us where
they might be so the next day you'll
sail around a little bit and he will
stop when a mast comes into view near
the second Talon which is the second
island from the bottom and he'll plumb
come down from his crow's nest and tell
you guys that he spotted a ship it's
sitting kind of bobbing in the water off
of the coast there I Locke are you cool
with going there yeah I mean that seems
like where everybody's at that's good
excellent and you want you're gonna want
to be going in at night right when no
one's gonna see you arrive hi now what
size is this ship is this like a real
good sized ship or like a how many's a
apparently it's a large transport ship
so I've had like on the scale of
hundreds of people right easily well
possibly possibly yeah
okay should go in quite quiet so we
don't stir up a riot and he's gonna wait
here for us right I'll be waiting for
you for up to a week well we'll need to
discuss some sort of signal so I know
how to find you can we just tell him to
meet us back at this spot every day at 8
o'clock and then till he'll go to
another Island and hang out there
perhaps but if some one ship comes round
I might need to might not be available
at 8 o'clock every day depending on
activities you know sure better to set
up some sort of signal that I can find
and come and get you bye look for and
wait jerilyn thank you yes oh I can I
can do the owl or I can cast a glowing
illusion so that we review ourselves a
glowing illusion will be nice give me a
point of land at night and I'll sit out
on the sea and watch it for in a glowing
illusion hopefully don't don't send it
too high you know something flying
around glowing in the sky is bound to
attract everyone's attention does he
have a rowboat that we can take he does
have a little rowboat that's why he's
gonna roll you in on okay aye there will
be a light I'll say that like on the top
of a mountain point will be the illusion
of a redheaded gnome glowing gnome are
we um can I ask him could we could you
stay on the ship and we'll take the robe
oh and then we can just come to you with
the other island they don't look too far
apart
it looks pretty shallow water or yeah
there'd be like four out three to four
hours of rowing to get from one island
to the other
maybe this whatever you want I can run I
can do and we have I just wanna make
sure yeah all right captain barber
remember you could potentially become an
incredible spotter because you can walk
on water ah yeah sure um I think that we
should shape the row boat so we can like
make a break for it if we ever need to
and we can hide the rowboat
and then we won't trouble the captain
with them coming back here every night
for us yeah that seems good yeah it was
my idea of course it's good well great
so you're gonna take the rowboat with
him and then he'll just meet you where
he drops you off in a week's time yeah
okay let's hope you don't need to leave
any sooner than that off you go
whoa wait I would assume that he would
um be it like the first island and then
wait we I thought the big ocean was once
he sees that he'll look for the gnome
every day and once he sees it he'll come
back okay
so yeah so he's gonna look for a gnome
we're on why can you describe the train
to me and all like the high levels of
the high terrain and I'll point out so
we've got some two to three thousand
foot mountains on each of these islands
and then other than that it's sort of
flattish rocky terrain with a lot of
trees I he'll just I'll just look for
the gnome on the beach that we came in
on and I'll play it'll be like a big
glowing gnome and maybe I'll even make a
sound
well he'll be too proud to hear anything
but he'll he'll look for a glowing gnome
on the beach that you guys land okay and
then I could also the flight home I can
also fly the owl to him too right and as
long as he's within 120 feet yeah true
yeah yeah mm-hmm okay cool so he's gonna
drop you off tonight on this beach right
over here at the backside of the
mountain
because the the ship is sitting sort of
over here and he wants to avoid being
spotted by the ship so that night it
brings you over and up and drops you off
on a section of coastline with the Robo
here and you're gonna tuck the rowboat
away underneath some brush or something
and then venture or throughout the rest
of the islands looking for something
yeah yeah cute can we hide it like
really well
yes and let me make some checks for our
dearly beloved captain chef here
oh his perception is so good as you're
actually coming in to to make landfall
he'll tell you that he spotted a small
campfire on the north western shore of
the island how small does it look like
Arsenal in person can't personal uh you
know like small group of people yeah
yeah you guys get set off onto the icy
snowy coastline here I'm gonna go up to
lock and lock you would be more you
would use this more than I would and I'm
gonna hand them my um ring that will
allow them to walk on water because if
you go into water you will immediately
sink to the bottom so okay thank you I
appreciate it I'm gonna give a I'm gonna
go for a handshake I shake his hand
thank you
is this a one what would I have a little
does I ring of water walking one pound
or what no negligible weight don't worry
about it
we should scout ahead and be silent so
that we prevent any situation violent
yeah do we see em so we're like we're at
the same island now is the boat right
the larger ship we saw mm-hmm do we see
like any evidence of is that like in
view of us right now
can we see that show measure some
distances yeah you can well he dropped
off at night yes that no one would spot
you come back so you would have been
able to see it while you were coming in
but once the Sun is down its there might
be light on the portholes yeah there's
probably some lights on the ship that
allow you to see it at nighttime okay I
could go I go Scout it out yeah we
should definitely see what they're up to
see where they're headed to and where
they're coming back from all right
captain bad Brad Barbeau you're gonna
run ahead of the rest of the party yeah
take a look at this thing right yes so
you're coming up along the the coastline
here and the section he dropped you off
on unbeknownst to him is kind of a bit
of a peninsula and there's a small
narrow gap that crosses over to the rest
of the island at certain point and as
you're coming by the light of the moon
you can spot a pack of kobolds on the
other side of this narrow stretch
actually not all like that they're more
or less sitting around together looking
at each other
chattering amongst themselves do they
have like a fire they like hanging out
or they just there's no fire they're
just steam coal boats do they um are
they nocturnal yeah they are dogged like
creatures so there may be three three
and a half feet tall a canine sort of
features a little bit of fur that covers
them they're not too smart in fact it's
they're some of the dumbest humanoids
you'll ever find but they're vicious in
large numbers it'll just it'll just mob
and swarm my kingdom for a fireball huh
how far away am i from the cobalt ore
now I'm sorry how far away am i from my
party we're on the map you see us right
right here yeah am I able to give him
like a hand signal like that there's
your danger pen yeah I'll do that are we
assuming when you say some night out do
we have like moonlight as if somewhat
visible or is it like pitch-black or
what
do we have to pass by these guys to get
to where we're going it looks like yeah
there's this narrow little connector
from the peninsula that you were on to
the rest of the island only about four
or five feet wide seven at the most
let's cross if we wanted to make this
fight a clean sweep we should open with
magical sleep just sleep them all can
you touch them up
I don't know it's like sentient we
didn't know a weakened her we can
dispatch this entire group with ease we
don't need to waste any of our magic
spells here yeah yeah I'm definitely
sure their little baby boy cool bones
you guys would know that coal bolts are
pretty chunky you know they've got maybe
10 HP at the very very most more likely
they've got three or four they don't
generally wheel book boats do they or do
these they can use slings or Spears you
don't see captain Barbara make me
perception check actually maybe you can
spot something on them by the moonlight
one
I didn't oh this is 1013 yeah you can't
see if they have if they have slings on
them but they definitely have Spears I
made is we don't need to be afraid of
kobolds we could have walk stand in
front with the white male and that those
they'll never hit him what's your AC
look 8 18 let's do it okay I'm 70 sorry
yeah
all right yeah sounds good would Cobalts
in some locks starts approaching the
little bridge and the kobolds notice
they perk their heads up when they see
this what color is your armor lock you
tell me it came from the from the lady
yeah I if I can make it blue okay yeah
then yeah I want it to be a very light
blue I want it to be a very aggressive
blue okay an aggressive blue color yeah
all right they saw they spot this knight
in blue armor walking across the icy
bridge towards then they gonna can I see
something before actions I want to
create a silent image / light use my
gnome illusion category to can't rip
that the bridge looks like more narrow
what a head have walked then like it
looks like just air instead of like ice
how do you make something look like air
without making it invisible mmm you
should be able to you should be able to
like just make it look like the like one
yeah because you can't remove things
with an illusion spell you can put
something over it or around it but you
can't like make something vanish from
sight okay that makes look like broken
rock then if you wanted to
dagger at one of them yeah totally
yeah just toss it again they're kind of
far I think your dagger range is
actually I need to get closer then you
know what I want to do I want to make it
look wider than it actually is
yeah so so like along along this line
I want like this to be wider than it is
maybe on hopes that some kobolds will
run over it and actually fall
okay your party members won't be able to
tell where the real bridge stops that
starts either right only you will know
the truth is that right okay yeah cuz it
affects everyone okay I'm just gonna
tell everybody to not move ahead like we
just air of course
yeah like it'll be like right here I'll
tell everybody where it is though so I'm
just gonna draw an extra bridge a lot
can you move up to cool so there is an
extra phantasmal section of bridge here
that appears pretty much out of nowhere
and spooks the kobolds
they all move back in a huff as they see
the Lance or shift and grow able to see
if I can toss Whedon yeah okay go ahead
and throw your dagger from that range oh
my god 23 is a hit you hit the first
cobalt and it dies on the end of your
dagger and that is when they charge and
mass unlock so let's roll initiative
when the vegetables
truly astounding
[Music]
sending captain barb oh you're the first
one you've already hit and killed one of
these cowardly kobolds I'll throw
another dagger my last dagger had to
give me a roll to hit Oh another perfect
shot tell me which gold you're here
straight top or bottom eight down all
right you hit him for six and she does
not die and that very next kobold comes
to the middle of this path takes his
spear and just hurls it at bad Brad
carbo why does this eight dagger he
should have Spears no beggars this is an
error
so Kevin rolls his spear at you for
three damage no that's
Tigers 1d6 he does eat to you with the
data here the most damaged of Kobol will
ever do
Locke is your turn
alright I'll walk forward and I will
take a poke at this guy right in front
of me actually I'm going to I'm gonna
swing my bonus action the back end of my
thing 14:14 is enough to so seven damage
yeah you bludgeon the cold was on the
side of the head his body goes flying
hits the the icy wall nearby and comes
to arrest as he dies I'm gonna step a
little bit more forward and then on
whichever cobalt is in range gonna be
the one right in front of me I'm gonna
take my normal attack action six damage
you will strike and drop another one and
then I'll back up slightly thank you
okay
make sure that you are still indeed yep
you're still in the land fantastic
Midori it's your turn um I'm going to
chill touch two of them that's yep like
these two
13 will hit is it same rule for both
school each target I'm not sure the
spell can instead target to creatures
within Rick does that mean it's just
last time we rolled twice though roll
twice then all right you'll hit the
first one for eight killing it and the
second one for one badly whoa
mildly wounding it not even badly 1 2 3
4 5 6 all 6 kobolds are going to just
hurl their spears on lock and then run
away so 1 2 3 4 5 6 does a 19 hit you
yep and the 21 so 14 damage 14 damage
and the whole pack of kobolds runs break
they just break and flee into the into
the island somewhere next up would be
gerald they're all gone right there -
still that haven't left yet but they're
definitely gonna be following suit where
it will slow way
I will um I will cast a toll the dead on
one of them yeah I will that's a saving
throw for the :
yeah wisdom yeah he definitely doesn't
make it and he'll take four points of
damage these two are both just gonna
throw their spears out Locke as well one
of them will hit you for three and they
will flee so we come back around to Barb
oh now you're faster than these guys if
you want you could catch up to them and
hack them to bits
yeah am I able to like run up to him and
like do it double attack them fifty do
you have probably take two rounds of
running to catch up to them they're
hunting actions you can take a bonus
section ah you should return cease -
disengage or hiya - there you go yep you
can definitely catch up cool I'm gonna
run up and attack both of these - I'll
check the one on the left with my second
hand excellent and then the main one on
the right the one on the left gets hit
and dies the one on the right so I have
a question now that was from you so I'm
gonna do advanced is on the attacker
al-khasaka in a dead outrun like in a
panic yeah I was gonna ask sneak attack
- um it's now that the one near him is
dead I don't think he's within 5 feet of
anybody else what I get sneak attack for
it since the curiosity no yeah
just for an exon yep he goes down Locke
are you gonna join in the slaughter yeah
are the eyes the distance these guys are
accurate right now or is it much farther
it's a little bit farther they've moved
25 feet so they are
actually they're just a little bit
farther is my maximum 50 feet well am I
covered yes
that's with no attacks at the end of it
gotcha so then yeah I'll move my full
move
wouldwould on the map it would put me
like up here I don't know how far that
is from them actually but that's in
amongst em totally okay wait so they are
actually right here right now right that
is right there right now okay I'm sorry
so I think I was standing back here I'm
not I don't think I'm close enough to
take an attack but I can go here so that
these two I think are within my threat
range yes okay and then when they move
on their turn they'll provoke an attack
and you'll get any idea midori death is
all around you five of the native people
of this island have already been cut
down maybe six I've already lost track
it's your turn wait oh she's not here
I'm sure the Bell
I'm just talking to myself there she
follows cool and the coal bullets flee
go ahead and get your one attack of
opportunity block 14 and 11 will kill
yes you drugged or else but if you um if
you do like a double move that double
move across your action right yes does
it cost of bonus action no okay so if I
were to double move in the future I can
take my bonus action pull our master
attack right no you can only make that
action when you use the attack action
instead of the - action okay well so
earlier because earlier I use my bonus
action first to use that polar master
but you were gonna use the polar master
anyway yeah yeah okay
so then I'll just read this into sort
clear when you take the attack action
and attack with only eight glaive
Halbert or quarter staff you can use a
bonus action to make a melee attack with
the opposite end of the weapon so
technically I probably shouldn't be able
to do that bonus action first then right
I mean as long as you are going to
suspend the action on it that's fine if
you bonus action first to kill the
creature you can then move
your words but you can go ahead and take
them in any order okay okay that my gosh
the remaining coal bolts continue to
flee if you want to keep hunting them
down barb oh you're the next I'm sorry
Jerell does the next one up we didn't
get to do my Dorian's because she was in
the bathroom yeah I think she just moved
[Music]
um so I can see the two I would say you
wear that they may be running us into a
trap that we should not fall for less we
saps yeah dogs alone just let him go
i-i'll still cast it one before I leave
I will cast told the dead on the one to
the row to the right of lock okay
natural twenty modified eighteen okay
the kobolds generally escapes the party
my luck some of them okay you guys
continue heading north making your way
by the moonlight barb oh give me a
stealth check for when you whatever
you're however you're still ting when
you approach the out camp oh it's great
stilts check close by their perception
after an hour or so of skidding along
the coast you spot lights ahead looks to
be like campfires lights you can also
see the ship bobbing out and see from
the vantage point that you have you can
see that there's not much of a
settlement here it looks like it's just
a small fire and some rocks with a few
people standing around it it doesn't
look like does it what it looks like
does it look like these are the people
just pretty much a station to guard the
boat and then the bigger I would guess
like more people are somewhere else on
the island
probably sensing them along those lines
yeah how many people do I see down there
we're give me another perception check
yep
okay spot - can I have the owl summon
nearby yes thank you I'm gonna like show
my party like just say like to people
like with hand signals or whatever yeah
I mean I'll go back to them stealthily
and ask them what we want to do I know
convey that I think that there's a um
well when I look around can I see like
does it look like there's a larger fleet
somewhere else like are there well you
know there's a whole bunch of people out
here but you've only got a two and it's
a small shitty fire and there's no like
walls or buildings or supply wagons or
anything like that so it's definitely
not the main canvas
for realsies yeah I'll explain that that
there's probably only two people here
guarding the boat and then the main
campus somewhere else
okay I mean we should try to ascertain
where they're headed inside this place I
mean whatever they're after is probably
important so we need to figure out what
it is we could capture one and make them
talk well wouldn't be better to just
search I mean there's got to be a
massive party this island can't be too
large you should be able to figure out
where they're headed sure
shouldn't we um capture the boats and do
they have no course of leaving I guess
what the four of us do capturing a boat
would we go from there
we just handled these people so they
can't like go and bring back
reinforcements or something I mean so
just if you that's fine
speaking reasonably there's no way
there's only two people here guarding
this boat there must be other people on
onboard I doubt they would empty the
entire ship what are we gonna do if we
commandeer a ship right we could sail
into the scene we'll get you know
destroyed it on
I am uh yeah I'm cool with going and
find the I'm finding the end account I
think we should take a rest why not ask
him kill these people like why not just
like there's only two of them there why
don't we just capture them ask what
they're doing and then kill them I only
saw two I couldn't see in the few so
there could be a lot more potentially on
the show but you can do it quietly right
or I can sleep them we can drag them
back I don't know how good it's going to
look if we're randomly if people begin
to die on their ship I don't know if you
want to alert anybody to our presence
here I think that Locke and I need a
breast and then we can pick it up in the
morning maybe with more daylight we can
come back and look well let's I think we
should try and find out where they're
going right now let's just see what
they're investigating here we don't have
to attack anybody or find anybody does
it look like they're investigating
anything I think they camped out there
hanging out they're just standing over
the fire warming their hands well
they're like should we shouldn't we be
able to find tracks I see it like a
direction that like a main party would
have went if you get closer to the camp
I've sort of alerted you to their
presence at your maximum viewing range
though that you if you want to get
closer you could probably find out this
infernal can see with what vision if you
can be there like an stealth and get in
probably yeah
owls have great vision their night
hunters from your owls position you have
to get 220 feet of these guards to get
the owl like directly overhead let me
actually give you a small map of the
area so we at least know what we're
working with here mm-hmm
put down a campfire for us
okay here we go
so you've got two guards warming their
hands by the fire the ocean is to the
bottom of the screen just talk to them
what if we alert anyone else to our
presence on this island they'll kill us
for sure what um what are they wearing
are they wearing anything that would be
noticeable like tavington stuff most of
their gear is hidden by the big heavy
cloaks that they're wearing to keep
themselves warm you can see that their
shields are leaned up against this rock
right here mm-hmm and their weapons are
just stuck down in the snow so they're
sticking up right next to their hands
but no no identifying marks no there's
no banners and the cloaks aren't
matching the rest of their uniforms so
that information is hidden what places
usually up banners or no probably not
a small detachment like this but they're
their normal clothing might have some
sort of symbol if they're serving a
specific Lord or with a specific unit I
asked the know if he's do you see
anything with the UH with the owl III
relayed the information to shake my head
like they just wrote or anything like
that they're like a bunch of people
would have taken like any tracks or
anything like that hmm
did I did I see anything like that can
you ask the question again any roads or
any kind of any kind of way that my owl
would spot any kind of tracks or
anything something that um boy you're
standing and chatting about this one
another guard shows up from around uh
Brock and joins them at the fireplace
sticks a spear in the snow and hangs out
you can see that there are many tracks
that kind of come and follow this this
bit of a trail here that we have on
screen okay so we would have to go past
these guards to get to that trail now
you're on this yeah you're down here on
this low court so you have to get past
them or climb up the cliff without
alerting them
would it be really hard to climb up that
cliff that alerted them nice stuff you
can climb it for suresies to make sure
you don't alert them everyone in the
game would have to just make a
successful dc-10 climbing check what if
I do actually would one person say would
one person be able to do the climbing
and then we could pull everybody else up
with a rope and not have to do the check
again I would give them advantage on
their second check on their checks okay
come on I still pull a rock loose or
knock some snow off or something no
that's all we're here for Locke do you
want to do you want to climb up and then
yeah we can pull each other up what is
the role is it Kirk like a it is a Dax
or athletics check the DC is 15 to do
without making any noise to climb it
successfully really just climb it
without me without what we have without
many noises and then we have advantage
checks after the first person and then
if you lower down a rope everyone's got
advantage on their climb checks
what's your they'll hear something then
we should kill them we don't have to
contort them there are ways we can nail
them without ending their lives I don't
really want to kill people right now
Midori okay okay but if it comes down to
it we have to kill them if it comes down
to it I will give you all of the heads
Locke what's here I guess athletics I'm
pretty athletic like six it's five I
have six I'll go first okay you scramble
on up and as you're getting to the top
and you grab hold of a rock you pull
yourself most of the way in the ice
holding that section in place breaks and
the rock goes tumbling down you get up
onto the top side but not before the
wrong tumbles and clatters and those of
you that are spying on the guards see
them kind of alert and look in your
direction one of them had says to the
others I'll take a look and heads out
towards you guys and you guys are just
barely off-screen right here and there
is a single guard coming towards you in
the night can I like point to the note
Holly I'm gonna I'm gonna create an
illusion
that makes like a sound of like just
like a bird fluttering like oh I'll make
the it was like a bird fluttering
actually like a night bird fluttering
away from that location and just like a
sound of it just like one like that the
night bird is actually an owl it's a
snowy it's a specific okay I will just
notably don't make noise when they fly
it's not making a noise when it flies
it's making a noise when it like flight
takes off and that's like like I'm like
trying to make it so the guard would
connect the mic okay we're taking on an
animal that's noted for its stealth and
quiet how about you how about one that's
too big again
how about yeah how about like a snow
bunny like a snow rabbit yeah sure so
you the garden comes around there's like
a little rabbit to kind of like it's
hopping out and the guard smiles and
takes aim with his spear he's gonna
throw his spear at your bunny dinner did
not throw let's try to be mrs. Rowe oh
my god double natural one it goes wide
and then it almost hits you it's just
like way over shoots and lands nearby
you somewhere the guard gives it a wave
leaves the spear and heads back to the
rest of his group saying rabbit
I need another spear they argue about
why he didn't pick it up and you know
they talk as they do we're gonna get
Roberto sánchez now yeah I'll lower down
the road I'll kind of like tie it around
a rock really well and then lower it
down for them too
and then do we still need to make 15 in
order to be quiet about this 15 senator
let's do 15 that advantage to make it
quietly okay yeah it's still gonna be a
little bit tough you're trying to be
dead silent in a snowy still environment
now that we have two people up here
could we just straight up like pull them
up like pimp block and I and then make
it like hold true silent yes all the DC
will be ten if the two of you are
pulling the month okay you still have to
push off the wall go for it
other people all right so this is an
athletics check or acrobatics your
choice hold on okay whoo Gingka and
Midori you make it - all right the whole
party's up on the cliff side silently
the guards will never be any wiser long
do we um what about our pact meal guy do
we care about this guy oh right just
like I'll be thoroughly floating behind
us okay there he's got 16 strengths and
he's trained in athletics so he has a +5
to his athletics check one D 20 plus oh
he makes it silently he follows behind
you welcome up Dominic
right alright okay now we're going to
head in the direction of the path so we
can try to see if we can spot where the
soldiers are going I'm gonna be in front
can I have the owl assist me I guess
yeah mm-hmm 10-15 minutes later you find
the trail there looks very well tread
the snows maybe a foot and a half deeper
where the trail is all matted down by
the weight of these people and you can
follow it very easily clear as day
I don't want to fall on the trail
obviously but I just want the out to be
like a little bit ahead like watching as
we travel yeah you make your way across
the center of the island tonight you
pass through a forest that the trail
just cuts right along do you have any
concerns or fears or worries as you
enter into this thick dark wood where
you basically lose all light what time
is it doesn't feel your way well after
dark there are no watches or clocks so
um does Midori do you have your light
thing yeah do we want to do that because
it will pretty much to learn people to
our presence I had night vision that's
Midori can lead you if you form a train
behind her with her in provision and
jeralds in provision you should be able
to have walk yeah can I put like Gerald
on my shoulders and him like gonna like
leave me yeah that'll are good perfect
okay you guys pressed through the forest
it's quiet the whole time the only
noises are when you move your hand to
scratch your nose or trying to warm up
your ears
after a few hours you make it out the
other side of the woods and see down the
the slope of the trail goes down a hill
a small camp at the edge of a cliff that
would drop into the ocean backed against
a mountain you can see there's just a
single light down there and about eight
people standing around it keeping an
alert eye out these look like guards am
i able to see the map the map the map
like the oh can you show us like the
layout on this printer never lay out hmm
I don't have a map built for this one
that I can do a doodle doodle
[Music]
okay
something like this area north of this
white line is water it's gonna be the
ocean and then there is a mountain edge
over here something like that I'll make
you crazy so we can see what's going up
and I'll make you blue and then your
trail that you're following is coming
sort of this direction you'll see in
just a moment
so you're coming along this trail
towards the the camp which is situated
like right around here like in the
middle of the invest right yes yes and
they're hard on the way right yep all
eight of them are standing about quite
attentive are we able to see past I
guess like the guards currently and see
if they're like can we see anybody like
back here yeah yeah you move off the
trail quietly carefully silently and you
don't see anything past here but you do
see there are carvings in the rock
itself like handles like steps as if
there's something up the mountainside
should we sleep on we can sleep some I
could create a noise that gets them to
run away or gets them to check something
out while we sneak by like I'm gonna be
able to get all eight of them to
investigate a noise hmm
okay yeah I could I mean I could open
with sleep and then get quite a bit of
them maybe half when we're looking at
these guards do we see like are these
like real big burly guards or these kind
of like normal these are your everyday
regular folk and what there's not like a
mage with them or anything right we
would be able to tell pretty easily we
could no one that's dressed like a mage
they all look more or less the same okay
would there be enough snow that on top
of that mountain kind of thing that like
if it were disturbed like the snow would
fall on them is there anything like that
possibly this is just like a sheer cliff
side so there's snow tucked against it
and then up at the top of it when it
stops being sheer and starts being
slanted there would be snow there too
that's a maybe 80 feet up if you could
find a way to make that fall it could
definitely rain down on them
well that'd kill them are you concerned
about that never Dory what poaching gods
again Midori no she's here to kill me
what do you mean that would be
consistent I could uh I could maybe fire
bolt the top enough that I would create
like a like a an avalanche type of thing
and get all the all the snow to fall on
them then we can just rush by well
they're
I don't know how would we be able to run
our Saigon as you're watching this
situation and getting better vantage
points and discussing what's happening
you see a hulking night climb down the
mountainside
it's got plate mail on and tucked kind
of like hanging off its shoulder is a
two-handed axe when it gets down to the
base Florida picks the axe up walks over
to the other guards who give it a very
solemn nod and produce from around the
bend a little bit a prisoner a soldier
with colors but anything looks all the
same like the rest of these dressed like
the rest of the the big hulking knight
has the banner of major having captain
tavington on it why does he captain or
Colonel - there's a colonel or there's a
crow definitely he went to catch a major
problem
this night walks over to the person
who's been forced on to his knees and
his head is put forward and bowed she
lifts her giant two-handed axe and
brings it down on the person from 12
damage severing its head from its
shoulders and then the knight picks up
the body tosses it off the cliff into
the water below and leaves the head
where it was and then returns to climb
up the mountain again
holy I think I should magic missle
the mountainside guys and then get them
get the Avalanche to drop down on it
I'll drop down on them
yeah it's just kind of a gamble I mean
unless you know specifically how
avalanches work do we really think it's
reliable either you could cause an
avalanche to happen no but I can get
them with a magical sleep if you prefer
that how close together are these people
could you could be reasonably hit all
with one magical sleep I actually have a
better spell but it's a big one
they're standing close to the fire so
they are clones have their spell DF it's
called clotted daggers hey kid it could
potentially kill them all in one shot
but 5x5 square the only hitting one
person at a time maybe two if there's no
it's it you said they're clumped
together and it's it's an a it's a
totally OE right I thought I put cube
yeah five feet on a side yeah it's
really great if they have to come
through an area terrible in an open
territory this is like if two people are
standing next to each other you could
hit both right yes enough for a level
two every encounter it needs fireball
but we don't have it yet huh okay
fireball use them I mean if these are
normal guards you could sleep them and
we could move up to fight them but that
I don't think we're I'm not in a
position right now to deal with that
large night that we saw yeah like an
absolute monster can we take the night
and then see what's in the morning they
might be done with whatever they're
doing I mean they've been working here
for how many days I thought they're
gonna finish in a single night
okay let's go let's go rest up come back
and then kill them all are we do we have
a place around here where we could rest
like well off the path but kind of be
okay or let's take a look at the world
map bring us down to island so there's
really just the forest in the middle and
then these sort of rocky snowy terrain
around it which is has some cover on it
and then cliff sides around most of the
island and they're like right good yeah
right in that corner that's a spot yeah
are we able to go back in that for us
you could head back into the forest the
one thing is with the snow everywhere
any trail you make is going to be
visible to everybody
one last thing people it is like a
guaranteed thing here if we want to take
that fight I could probably web them and
they'd all be hosts that's a really good
smell for this 4-week so you're not
gonna be able to get new spells or
reinforcements or really rest up since
it's such a small place I just want you
to be aware that you could you could run
out of resources yeah
do as you please
I think it'd be why is the rest one
night and then see what's up tomorrow we
lose our stealth advantage yeah but it
looks like they're gardening stuff
doesn't look like they're gonna be
coming out looking for us okay it does
yeah yeah no one should know we're on
this island yet we could also make fake
trails and so if we're really paranoid
about all right let's go you'll take a
name how far off of the path would we
have to if I put if I wear this ring
do I make pads in the snow how much in
big chemistry are we doing this really
even though its water shouldn't I be
technically floating on top of it but
you're saying has a certain level of
sense to it okay you can also just walk
on the water what question mark yeah
it's there I understand what you're
saying it's not a chemistry class okay
um yeah okay so do we want to find a
place where we can just take a short
rest rest for the night
yeah you guys head into the woods and
head off the trail to a spot somewhere
hoping that if anyone comes across it in
the dive they'll think it's a game trail
herb whatever wait that's not good
that's not good solution I mean you
could set alarms or something right yeah
I'm going to but then we're just in a
really bad position because we we lose
the advantage of surprise they surprise
us now at this point um yeah but I think
Locke and I are officially in low HP
that we'd risk it no no yeah I'm missing
about half my head points that's my only
worry
yeah I'm not comfortable with fighting
one - well you might be doing it anyway
if they surprised us and you had me just
hiding a tree or something like sleep
and you can't sleep comfortably in a
tree not enough to recover hid dice I
respect would there be like a would
there be like a cave that we played but
I have an insane nature oh I can
probably use my nature check to try to
cover the tracks right maybe what what
if we just slept in a cave
how long does that illusion smell last
that's nice see it's only 10 minutes
it's not good okay how long does the
alarm alert spell last that lists
forever okay what if we slept in a cave
cast an alert spell outside the cave but
then like inside of the cave if the
alert goes off you just create a minor
illusion wall in front of us that makes
it look like they're at the end of the
cave does that make sense what I'm
saying yeah I can do it yeah we could
just do that so that if they come in
looking for anything it just looks like
an empty cave and then we'd be behind
the illusion delusionary wall okay yeah
look for an empty cave so on this trail
without making any marks you can
basically head back to where you landed
or that first part the other side of the
island and look for a cave there
otherwise you'd be deviating from the
trail and creating a path is that very
comfortable creating a path or you want
to I want to further away if we create a
path I want to cover it with my nature
check for sure okay I'm comfortable
creating a path all right yeah very very
quickly
you guys can spot a cave just sending
your owl out you find a whole bunch of
small caves nestled into the mountain
here it looks like the whole thing is
whittled with them you head off the
trail Gerald does his best to cover the
tracks and you find yourself at the
mouth of a long abandoned mine there are
still some brass tracks that run into it
although they don't go very far looks
like the rest of the tracks have been
pulled up somewhere else
once here are left and you can make
yourselves at home it's cozy
if little cold and echoey I just make
sure that there's ritual arms in the
entrance and behind us if the cave is
deeper - yeah yeah you find a cozy spot
to settle down for the night okay
and while you settle down for the night
why don't we take a short break and when
we come back we will continue sure we do
we want to roll dice enter or to do that
when we come back let's roll dice when
we come back okay means it is a set
stuff up jonn's okay a giant spider
again the crevice alright I'm going to
throw the be right back screen on them
cool
you
can I welcome aspect
you
Wow everybody welcome back to gnomes
tones and catacombs hello everybody
I thought you says it hello everyone
like that that's how you think Neil
sounds yeah okay Wow yes that's hagath
about so you're here in this cave what
are you doing to keep track of
everything we're gonna get sued by
Mickey Mouse or mmm-hmm
what do you mean cry track of everything
yes I was just talking to divorce yeah
you are settling down in this cave
you're exhausted it's been a full day of
like rowing and sailing and then a long
night of trudging through the snow and
trying to avoid detection and you're not
used to the cold and it's irritating and
as you're finally settling down in your
cave we have a few issues to work out
like what are you using for warmth here
you're gonna make like a little fire in
the cave to keep you warm are you just
gonna I'll be down to cuddle do we uh
did we bring camping supplies like
tinder or anything like tender do we
have wood you could head outside this is
very near to the forest we're almost for
sure not making a fire though for
obvious reasons right inside the cave
sure well just anywhere cuz we don't
people to say well how do you physik
could what would the white reasonably
echo out the cave is pretty deep and
tangly in webbed you could probably head
quite far in without and not be seen
we're not worried about the level had
the smoke go to the cave
are we able to just do like two people
to a bedroll and then state one that way
I could snuggle
I'm I'm gonna sleep with luck like I
told you you always get the gnome in the
end Stephen Locke and Barbra should see
black screens because it's pitch black
in here and do you guys have knowing
provision or light source Midori and
Gerald should be able to see around the
cave at least a little bit
I'll stay with Midori since I can't see
a thing as you guys drift off to sleep
I want everybody to make me a perception
check oh oh yeah he drew the cave you
you oh wait wait where this is before we
go to sleep right yes okay I would use
my second one before sleeping excellent
Gerald you set alarms right in front and
I did ice yeah absolutely
did you set them on the ceiling where
the giant spider is no I didn't set them
on the ceiling where the giant spider is
okay good because there's no yeah why
isn't there a giant spider
I want the adult black dragon oh yeah
what if it's a snow spider it has fur it
could be a nice spider but we're gonna
we're gonna change it up here it's not
alright Midori you're alerted and awoken
before the alarm spells even go off
because you can hear this like heavy
breathing coming from deeper in the cave
like sparboe heavy breathing
[Music]
does she need to roll like a perception
check to see if this is just captain
barber like drooling over her
no you find bar bow is nestled into your
chest a little bit snuggled and asleep
I'm so comfortable okay I'm going to try
waking all my party members up guys what
Mike what is this do you wake up and I
would like to light a torch okay what
but I like be able to see all right
captain Barbeau mediately sets to set up
the torch it's gonna know I meet it
already knows you can see light now
Barbeau can block see light to sense yes
you should be able to see it as well I'm
Mike crazy I don't see anything you
don't
so can I send the owl to go investigate
the noise quietly yeah yeah your owl
let's bring it onto the screen holy
that's huge well it's a snowy it's a
night bird man a night bird day man I
can't control it damn it amazing beta
there we go you should have control over
the owl now okay
all right it's going yeah okay
very quickly the your owl is gonna spot
something how does it anyway it looks
like a giant snowy white person with
large blue hands and claws and an ice
pick or an icicle in one hand that is
going to attack the owl with once the
owl like bet come comes around this
corner here and I dismiss it as a
reaction yeah you always have a ready to
action so the owl vanishes into thin air
mm-hmm
but you've seen them you've seen them
both so let's roll for initiative cuz
they are alerted to your presence by the
torchlight and the owl who finally I
don't even know I could roll
perfect let me roll initiative for our
two yetis I'm gonna be like Luke cuz my
name is Luke right like Luke Skywalker I
thought you got mad I thought you wanted
to interview Lucas no why would I get
met him and you get mad okay my name is
Luke nobody I don't get man who do you
get very upset
I don't you get mad when people call you
shorten they're just speaking the truth
yeah thank you alright well Gerald
you're the first one to go yeah I will
true this is really tough um did we
agree they put a wall up they probably
already know that cave they're gonna
walk right through it are they ever met
a Yeti I've never met a Yeti yeah
it's Bigfoot smart I don't know you've
got the same he's pretty smart
yeah he's managed to evade all of us for
this long so yeah I think there's one
Bigfoot and only one let's see okay well
the first thing I'm gonna do is I'm
going to move back and I'll take a I'm
actually just going to I need to read
something to my owl so that's a full
action isn't it you tell me I don't know
I think it is actually I don't know it
might not be an action you can dismiss I
think it's probably you can cause this
room here yeah yeah so I'll cause the
owl to reappear just so it can assist
right
you should have an alle that you can
control now okay it's up that sound that
the owl makes how that you said owls
were quiet creatures oh but when they
pop into an animal existence they have
sound effects wait why give me the ulcer
big retconning going on here
alright Gerald your turn is over and the
first Yeti comes on and passing through
the alarm area which starts ringing but
some is your alarm make when it goes off
in the morning um oh sorry yes the set
it actually makes a Dominick the donkey
won the Ginga D Jing no okay - it
definitely makes this sound Neil
excellent yes
I also forgot Dominic the the worker
this is Dominic the worker he's nestled
into this back corner right here
sleeping way up there he's nestling that
corner I don't know if I don't let him
be there I thought you told me where he
is right here okay he's back over here
the save the Yeti comes on in how far
did he move fifties moved probably far
enough for this round he is going to use
his big evil chillin gaze we can move a
little bit farther excellent he will
then actually move to here and look at
the party and chilling gaze one creature
you can see it looks like lock and
Barbeau are in the front line so he gaze
it can't see they have to see
you yes this they have to see you so he
can't do that he won't do that
punch yeah but you guys still can't see
they can't see the Eddie it's not enough
light instead he will just do a full
move and come up to here oh that sounds
like it would provoke an attack of
opportunity when he comes within range
from Sentinel
[Music]
yeah of course well then you crit him
for 29 points of damage
oh yeah wait really is it because he's
weak to slashing
I know cuz seven and twelve frizzy oh no
1909 out of twenty nine ten oh no you're
totally right nineteen come to a dead
stop right here yeah well cuz the speed
is reduced to zero
next Yeti moves in and is going to gaze
at Midori who can see him and he will
use this chilling gaze Midori you must
succeed on ADC 13 Constitution saving
throw or take cold damage and be
paralyzed with the Yeti know that you
can see I guess how's the Yeti chose to
go after someone within provision so it
seemed to be able to know all right
Midori you're gonna take 3d6 you take
seven points of cold damage and you are
paralyzed on each of your turns you get
a saving throw to get out lot oh sorry I
heard you say materialize okay yep I'm
going to take a normal attack at the
Yeti in front of me eight probably not
gonna go I'll miss your halberd hits the
ground sending shards of ice everywhere
um how desperate is this man I'm gonna
go ahead and take my Pole my master hit
as well then by the back I want cool I
just woke up okay in the air I'm gonna
Barbeau slightly okay I guess I'll just
attempt to attack here with both my off
hand or my main am i off in advantage I
believe due to the fur wait why do you
have advantage sorry maybe I'm lying
you get sneak you know I get sneak
attack yep my bad okay the 14 hits doing
16 points of damage and the 16 hits four
four
perfect did I get the owl or is that a
whole action of me come on to me oh I
didn't specify which one I didn't
specify which one the owl would would
yep
I'm not gonna wreck on no it only did 11
plus yeah 15 there we go 20 and 4 yeah
so should be 24 total yep and then I'm
gonna use fancy footwork when I hit
somebody good tip-out movement and where
do you go yeah okay Midori you are
paralyzed at the end of your turn give
me Constitution saving throw you pass
you break out of the paralyzation
and we'll be free to act on your next
turn Gerald start us off hmm spell slots
are so tough I think I'm going to how
high is the ceiling it varies between as
tall as you and maybe 15 feet at the
very center but its craggy what how tall
is that above the eddies maxing at about
15 feet in the middle how how would you
say yetis over 500 pounds in that
ballpark of 500 pounds okay I am going
to casts magic missile on the first
wounded Yeti and yeah that's one good
No roll it three more times please two
more times
definitely one of three missiles all
right it's it's 1d something plus what
one two four plus one so if you do two
more two to four plus two
can we take four damage off the Yeti
because I'm carrying a torch now I'm
saying oh good call
unless I can K in there we go
you cannot carry the torch in your mouth
and you were pinging the weakest Yeti
with those missiles right yeah eat in
three is 11 all right you ripped into
the Yeti for 11 points of damage okay
Yeti goes and how far is it to lock it
is going to have to step into locks
range stop and we'll stop and die on the
spot
see ya so the Yeti goes down after that
Hallberg hits it right across the throat
bring this bright red line on this
otherwise white fur its mate it's lost
in a rage
and charges lock straight on using its
chilla can use its young guys and make
to plot attacks around excellent so we
will gaze at lock to begin what saving
town Constitution's 13 or higher here
this piece and then it will claw you
once for nine points of damage and call
you a second time whoo it's the Miss I
believe it just scratches your armor
does plate and I'll cover it any like
bonus defense cuts like slashing or
anything or not is it same no okay so I
take nine points of damage you take nine
points of damage from the very angry
Eddy before you lock it's your turn I am
going to take a normal Howard attack I'm
going to be not yet I'm gonna toss the
superiority die on my I think precision
which is so I roll a 1d8 oh my god okay
head is amiss that is the number you
needed to hit oh well oh AC yeah big and
furry I see that Steve break it for 12
all right then I do 12 points of damage
I think oh I could do my bonus action
here my poor master
13 so that's hit five and then square of
the nose sending blood running down its
face
I believe I'm I think I'm good at that
all right Barbeau um I'm gonna walk and
flank the Yeti mm-hmm and I'm gonna
attack him with both or I'm gonna only
attack him with my main hand okay all I
got critical hit for 10 and 7 you run
the Yeti through in his back with your
rapier sticking it out the front end of
his guts a little metal point pulling in
then I'm gonna fancy footwork away wow
that seems like that wasn't dirty
the 30 would be back too were you saying
it yeah okay
Midori you can move the yetis are
bringing death to your party are you
going to help them a little closer my
scythe comes from the side
completely missing everyone and
everything in the room
maybe she's flanking Gerald you want to
tell me what happens when she rolls a
natural one what is the root cause
are we playing are we playing shadow run
or are we is it a critical glitch or are
we playing D&D a critical rich or
probably definitely hit one of the other
party members they have to roll an
attack on their party member probably
preferably one that's not very short
what are you able to dodge it I would be
like like a critical which would be like
some she would probably swing her scythe
at someone else and it would be a normal
attack role and then it would go against
their AC all right give me an attack
role against Chad Brad against Brad
you're really gonna hit me Lily she's
probably not starting here yet most
likely no wide missing the Yeti and just
runs right into a captain barber not
that not the bladed point but the metal
haft of it
it's obsessed we got XCOM did seriously
my torch
you feel like I would have done that
yeah thank you
all right you throw your torch to the
ground and it's fine for now Gerald it's
your turn
magic missile and the Yeti just already
four plus three yeah sure that's easier
than playing with spell suits
they all strike him perfectly putting
more dots on him he's bleeding from his
nose from the hole all the way through
him from the many magic missiles from
the halberd hack on his arm the Yeti is
looking Haggard and because yes but he
will once again multi attack aiming a
chilled gaze at Captain Barbeau comes to
hold him in place I'm gonna do an attack
on him for a reaction on that you get to
use insulin attacks yeah boy that's why
I take it fantastic
you will hit him for nine and kill the
Yeti as Barbeau fails to saving throw
weight does he kill the Yeti before the
Yeti gets it off I believe so I can
prevent their attacks amen all right all
right before he fails to saving Sentinel
dude don't worry quite bit I just took
six points of damage last time that's
true
that's good enough yetis with this yetis
death as it slumps to the ground
the only sound left is the the panting
of your own breath in this cave the
yetiz the yeti couple have a child where
they may lose many to be check partner
we kill the husband and then we kill the
wife basically um can I send the owl of
the start scouting again for its fur
absolutely I'd also like to sleep and
get a naturist can we are we able to
salvage food off of this as well easily
or no yeah if you don't mind eating Yeti
you could totally do it I have eaten a
Yeti fur though one of you eaten a Yeti
mr. Sailor man all right I haven't eaten
yet okay so we can save rations for the
night then if we can eat is yeah it's a
little tough and gamey
whatever okay you know what I have done
though Locke used a blue microphone Blue
Microphones tech discount we are taking
our are we taking our short rest then
yeah you're taking your short rest here
okay search the cave
am i able to roll my head nice yes go
ahead and roll your dice you will be
unmolested for the rest of the night you
can skin the yetis give me a nature
check for how good you are at skinning
yetis without ruining the fur oh you
should let me scan oh the first
jetty doesn't go very well
I told Gerald to back off I really want
to skin the see anything but I you're
bad oh yeah you get most of the Yeti in
good condition okay the rest of the cave
is clear I don't see anything near I
know well the one yeah nice fur in my
inventory
what happened another Yeti it just is
completely wrong I messed up the
skinning skin before there's actually
I'm skinny I'm wait a minute umm I tell
them hang on sir baby Yeti
yeah who's actually is can't rhyme it
these be tamed not anymore
this is not a maybe there's actually a
baby
two babies in the cave beyond well what
are we to leave to orphan yetis without
their parents their misery and color as
well let's go in my many travels Koivu
can you tame a Yeti
have I ever heard of anybody like animal
handling their way through you claimed
that they've ridden on giant octopuses
let's stop stop stop and if I were to go
do you want to take me in flu dragons I
mean people have told you all sorts of
tall tales taming a Yeti is definitely
one of the tall tales you've heard I
don't know how many to entertain me Yeti
I get out I'll follow you left can he
attempt the same one I attempt to tame
the other one cuz I have a nature Chuck
who's got some sick animal handling I
mean I've been taping the door and check
pretty well hey nice one boyfriend
jailed I'll follow you I don't wanna go
it's right up there but we're gonna
alert them once we come and show like
what check is this deal yeah when you
say tame a Yeti clearly you're not
talking about like taking a wild beast
and making it a perfect companion so
what are you trying to do
horseman I want the Yeti to pretty much
be like a dog where they're like chill
with me but like if I have pointed at
something it'll go and attack it so
you're you wanting to bring it Yeti from
I want to get eat it'll fight he
might not be my best friend but he might
attack them
it's a tiny baby though that's a process
right that doesn't have oh yeah right so
you can what is your short term goal my
short term goal will be to make it so
the Yeti doesn't me up all right
cool on the daily excellent and lock
you're leaving them to their Yeti
devices right I just wanted to take of
Napa can we feed it yet mean dogs or
whatever we're done they're not dogs
like that yetis how are you gonna keep
these under control you don't think
they're gonna give us away if we keep
you under control don't I lock and you
keep much of anything under control but
okay keep your family under control wait
I meant like didn't your parents like
kick you out or whatever and what do you
mean by that didn't your whole crew
mutiny against you what I left my crew
to come join you how often is a pirate
leave his own crew by his own choice and
you only came to find us after the death
of your only brother and you're gonna
stay here and attack me about what
happens
of my family children we have more
pressing matters to attend no we have to
taint hate Damon yet team you really
think you're gonna tame these journeys
midori don't you believe in me I believe
in you but I think it's kind of messed
up that we just killed their parents and
you want to make them into your pet now
for a lifetime of servitude you know for
once with Midori's story I think we
should probably kill them quite gory I
am attempting containment Yeti because I
know I'm about to roll in that 20 okay
all right barb Oh get in there look at
the yetis and give me your very best
charisma check there are sentient
creatures so animal handling won't work
that's good um charisma check is it they
covered in Yeti blood yes okay I'm gonna
have to be very charismatic oh can we
say that might be a disadvantage
one for each why don't we start with one
free Rachel yeah not bad
you woke up I guess you just look really
non-threatening or right or something
they get to look over to you mum just
reaches out its arms and waddles over
and wraps them around you and holds you
at your waist there-there Yeti I'm here
now new dad call me daddy barb how old
are these Yeti are we thinking are these
like days old weeks old what do we like
like it's just like months if the normal
Yeti was maybe eight feet tall these are
maybe three and a half Captain Barbra
and I see how fatherly he is to these
yetis so I'm gonna do the yetis fur that
I skinned and wrap myself around it and
approach them as well wonderful
the other one comes up to you and wraps
its arms on the inside of the skin
around your waist and the one on Barbeau
starts to lick the blood off of him
this is colossal evil enjoys the taste
of blood here because it's just laughing
up that's all right more fun
hang up the blood on Midori I'm gonna
could I put my harness on him and like
you know how like little like little
kids they put like those backpacks on
them with like ropes or whatever can I
do that with the Yeti yeah give me a
persuasion check to try and coax the
Yeti into the hollow baby Yeti where's
the harness it's a little big but you
can cinch it up with a little bit of
rope yeah that's another thing to carry
a three and a half feet tall
they're probably like sixty pounds
oh they're the same size as Gerald
jailed we got you some friends I like
them I will name him Damon Damon
yeah Damon da e mo n wait am I crazy is
that pronounced demon would it be Damon
da e mo n isn't a mo da e mo name your
Yeti okay
I'm gonna need him name him Chad demon
fluff up his head a little bit and
affectionately Penniman stuff while
wearing the skin of his dead mother yep
demon once he's licked the blood off of
your legs and everything he goes to the
cloak and start slapping up the inside
of it gnawing on what little flesh
remains there
and I guess you guys passed the night in
more comfort now that the two of you
have yetis to keep you warm
meanwhile Gerald and lock are forced to
sleep on the cold ground with only each
other for warmth in their armor and they
get any rest but we just go to the next
day so in the morning kitten the Sun has
risen it's actually been up for a little
while you guys are so tired you slept in
it's a brand new day out there are you
gonna do
um I'd like to feed the Yeti some of my
rations oh my excellent I'm gonna take
one of mine and then I'm gonna feed him
one so wait how large are these Yeti
again could I just eat a little bit less
and then parents meat to the Yeti can
you not I won't let you do that Midori
rather than slaves it's the circle of
life my adopted child parent Brad - come
here Chad now that she has Chad she's
over me all right
you feed the parents to the young they
have no semblance of idea of what's
happening and they chow down
enthusiastically hovering their white
fur and blood and then after they've
eaten they push themselves on the ground
to try and like rub the blood off of
their chests and make for the exit of
the cave um could I rename my Yeti to
blue you can thank you to blue yeah blue
yes a raptor oh ho nice oh okay pin well
the next day edge of your cave looking
out over your island again lock what are
we doing as I pet my blue Yeti well we
should probably go back to the UM
there's a some at the top what's the
base there's a name for base look like a
cliff or whatever but we should probably
go back to that area and see what was
going on down there there are still
guards stationed outside
I agree should we maybe wait for
nighttime again or do you think um now
is the perfect time during the day I
mean we can use thank you guys okay okay
you walk back out into the forest along
the trail that was covered and make your
way back to the main trail can I get a
perception check from whoever is in the
front of the party Kenny all also
rolling up we can you fly under the
canopy of a forest doesn't he'll
probably
yeah yeah give me an old perception
check okay you guys are amazing
both the owl and our beloved Barbeau
spot a single soldier walking along the
trail from the camp at the base of the
mountain towards what was the camp at
the beach you can even hear him
muttering with your natural 20
perception check Brad about stupid uh I
will relay the information back of where
they are he's a messenger we should
absolutely intercept that message hey
what are you why do you hold the kids
I'll take care of them how far away is
this guy maybe 150 feet from Brad and I
think you know you guys have been like
ten fifteen Brad get him you know I will
stop up give me a stealth check no close
enough so I can attack him before he
notices I'm going to give the guard a
perception check into stillness and
quietness of the frozen wasteland is
gonna give him an advantage on his
checks to hear you coming I'm pretty
sure he's gonna hear you though no he
doesn't know oh god I just think I'm a
stealthy man right past you he's so busy
muttering to himself like thinking of
his own little storyline in his head
that he doesn't hear you coming I'd like
to get a rapier to his neck all right
you slip up behind him give me a roll to
hit as a you know getting it to him
quietly quickly with advantage because
it doesn't know you're there so you get
the rapier right to his neck and he
freezes in place his monologues ceases
I'm gonna kind of just like take him
back with me into the forest ricardinho
members oh she drops his spear and just
walks backwards with you saying nothing
yeah um so bring him back do you have
some questions for him
milord I say in a sarcastic tone well
heard I mean you can drop the attitude
does he have a any type of parchment or
anything on him like a message that he
was hand delivering her he's got a
shield and he dropped his spear in the
snow already he's got his cloak around
him he's got a water skin and a little
bit of food that doesn't seem to have a
letter on him or a note on him all right
I mean I could eat we need to wait for
her to wake up but we need to figure out
what message he was going to do it so he
said he's gonna wait oh he oh he's awake
okay sorry um yeah I mean I sort of
interrogating him what message me yeah
what is your message you better tell us
there we'll teach you a lesson to tell
the real layers to the ship that we need
more whiskey what are you all doing here
why have you bought so many soldiers
near I'm not really sure but we're
supposed to be looking for a crown a
magic crown it was a magic crown for our
Lord wanted it I don't know the
specifics I'm just I'm just a levy
what were you relaying a message for we
needed more whiskey what were you
actually relaying a message for cut okay
um the real message is that we needed a
I don't know we just please we ran out
of whiskey I was just relating oh god
please please let's beat him to our
children no no no please please please
hungry
didn't look hungry yes oh yeah they
can't they always be hungry they're
growing yeah um they're growing boys
Locke we have to you know this guy's
useless how many officers are here tell
us soon or the yetis will make you
disappear with with ten Spears and then
there's
and the the captain in charge of
everything
her name is Bronwyn Bronwyn steel she's
she's in charge and type of weapon - she
is she's as a sword so not the night not
the noon
who was the knight with the axe Oh
Gretta she's a mean mean one never says
anything
I think her tongue has been cut out
she's always silent but ridiculously
strong holy she behead someone last
night and she didn't even use a brace
she's blocked it off in one blow what
did she behead him for desertion
he left his posts and took a nap instead
of keeping watch does anyone in your
party use magic respond or the results
will be tragic not in my party no no but
but we've three Spears have been
detached to the first Talon and three
been attached to the third talent and on
the third Talon is the captain charge of
all of that is named Billy and he's a
wizard I'm aged well caster is are we
able to like I guess like do a
perception check to see if he's lying
about the whiskey thing I know that
would be a insight check inside check it
seems kind of unbelievable but from how
wise it seemed like pretty believable to
me to me yeah he seems like he's telling
the truth unless he rolled really really
well on his disguise deception check and
we searched him and he's like got
nothing no it's nothing yeah so there
were how many Spears here on this island
what is a spear how many Spears eight
soldiers and a knight there should be
four on this island plus plus captain
captain steel and Greta and a small
group of you know camp makers and and
laborers and cooks and stuff and you
said you guys are searching for a crown
here what are what are Billy and the
other people searching for on the other
Island the crown - we don't know where
it is it was last seen on one of these
islands a while ago some years back and
vanished so we've been ordered to hunt
down the the
Yeti's and the kobolds and search all
the ruined settlements and abandoned
places looking for the crown and if it's
not in any of those places then it's
probably with the rocks they're nested
on the third talon and we don't want to
go there they're really big and scary so
we're trying to search everything else
first I swear telling you the truth I'll
tell you anything you want just let me
live or do you need anything else out of
him look I just learned having to
normally pay you guys where every
we rode a certain amount of time in his
army every year and I drew the short
straw from the village so we're I'm just
here out of obligation what you're
getting paid for this expedition nothing
literally nothing I don't have to pay
taxes instead you fight so something
like no we don't need this guy's a
fighter son so like an average days
salary for like a like a guard or
something would be what one gold per day
is that what we said before or that too
high a well-trained mercenary or regular
everyday guards
I have salaries for them okay could I
okay what if I toss this guy they
usually make about a silver a day about
a silver day intensive is really old
okay so what am I toss this guy to gold
and I'll tell them to see if you're
gonna ask around and figure out what
exactly this crime stuff is and then
meet us back here at night and tell us
what do you what he can find out I'll
give him another tip okay I like the
sound of that
also we want ask him to creep around for
another entrance or something to the LP
I do you agree are paying we're paying
him I mean I imagine he wants gold
yeah I've given him two gold you come
back and tell us if you could find
anything out I'll give you two more if
you give us good information I'll give
you significantly more gold if you find
us a nice entrance the cave or something
I will give you and I'll show him just
like 20 boom
well okay which cave okay okay like the
big one where we saw Greta oh another
entrance to like that area yeah that
that's the only way it's a stone ladder
that goes up to a cave a small outpost
from the people who were here before the
world before the island sank got it
yeah it's the only way in and out that's
our base of operations here on the
second tell them so I'll go and ask
around
and then try to sneak out at night and
meet you here one more thing guard how
renowned is the wizard on the 3rd Talon
Billy powerful yeah Billy owned like a
scale of 1 to 100 1 2 how many levels
are there in D&D 20 25 yes 1 2 20
I'd say he's no he's cast spells he's
really powerful he could shoot a bird
out of the sky with the blink of his
eyes it's crazy
you can set fire to something with his
hands yeah well you can all do that like
what has he done that's like really neat
he racks his brain for an example of
Billy's power what's really neat I want
to hear the thing that he does that's
sweet
okay well there was this one time where
we were fighting some some big hairy
yetis like bigger versions of what you
got right there and I was about to take
a blow I was certain to die you know
this when we all first landed here we
were first making our camp on the second
talent and the yetis claw was coming
right at me was gonna rip my throat out
and all of a sudden out of nowhere a
magical shield popped into existence and
I didn't die instead that the Yeti hands
slapped away from it
and then there's another time where
there's like this swarm of Flying
Daggers that were going back and forth
everywhere in the entrance to a cave and
you know it killed like four Coble's
that tried to run out right through it
it was beautiful little suckers just
evaporated and those are the only two
spells I've seen him use directly I mean
he shoots like little bolts of fire all
the time and he makes things glow and
could I do like an inside check to see
if we believe that this guy is actually
gonna come back with the tuple or for
the two : does he seem i I guess he
seems like it i yeah yeah with the 14
you're reasonably confident that he
believes the story he's telling okay you
intend and come back okay okay all right
well I I don't care I just I'm trying to
I okay yes yes ma'am
please don't kill me okay just do what
you're told and you'll get lots of gold
captain I'm the captain here captain
he's the only captain here
okay he seems to think so okay we'll see
you back here at night then he runs off
grabs his spear from where he left it
and takes off down the trail during the
day while we wait for him can I um catch
like a rabbit or something possibly yeah
what I need it wrong
I'm sure I'm gonna try and catch like
two rabbits yeah there's not a lot of
game around here but you do go ahead and
grab yourself one rabbit so with the
rabbit I'm gonna split it between the
two yetis and basically I'm gonna try
and teach him that like when I like
point they're allowed to go so they're
probably like trying to like run at like
the dead rabbit on the ground and I'm
gonna wait for them to calm down and
then when they're calm I'll like do a
point and then I'll let them go and then
let them get it I'm trying to like show
them like the action means like I'm
allowing that you go we give them a lots
of positive affirmations like good good
play okay give me an intelligence check
just straight
straight intelligence check GZ crazy
yeah it seems to be working
I trained Penton yeah it seems to be
working the yetis eat the rabbit and
they they seem to be getting the idea of
point means eat time go okay they're
hungry they're really hungry I'll give
him some rations since they went and did
the rabbit they should give them um I'll
split it with me and then I'm sure
Midori I can split her meal to what the
rest of you guys are eating the parents
right oh wait we have more parents
though we're still gonna feed them yeah
so I'll feed my pet actually you know
what lion I'm not gonna okay well yours
is getting pretty jealous ed because the
other ones getting all the food can eat
Oh charolette I mean okay excellent you
spend the rest of the day in the cave
yeah wait are we able to set up like a
seifish kind of camp I don't know in
terms of like layout in size where we
can kind of like see the base of that
mountain to just kind of keep an eye on
them from the distance just to kind of
get a general idea what's going on
movements doing from yeah you can set up
a relatively safe spot like a blind in
the woods that will have a view of the
trail leading away from the camp but to
get a view of the camp itself would put
you in a risky position okay a view of
it going going there and back and then
we can kind of keep tabs on how many
people are moving back and forth yeah
so you are sitting and waiting maybe
like four hours later there are two
guards including the one that you have
just captured hauling a barrel between
the two of them one of them's got it
from the front the others have it from
the back and they're walking back to
camp half an hour 45 minutes later one
of them heads back the other way and
then a few minutes after that you see a
detachment of maybe 20 people 15 people
heading out all together along this road
do we see Beretta or the visit the broad
ones steel person with them Greta no you
don't see Bronwyn or grab like they're
in a hurry or anything or like they
you're they're marching okay
they've got somewhere to go and you can
hear the commander's yelling at them
keep your boots clean stay on the trail
Hey stop playing with the snow that sort
of stuff the group looks fairly
undisciplined
they all look like fairly fresh green
troops some closer to nightfall the
group marches back to the camp and then
about an hour or so after nightfall you
are approached once more by your
seemingly loyal questionmark servant can
I do a perception check and just like
make sure there isn't anybody that's
coming with him in the well I'll send
the owl up to do the same thing me check
with yellow yeah yeah fine all right
this guy has returned did you find out
any more information about the crown I
did I did I asked what what it was for
and I got beaten for that but you
wouldn't accept that as a response so I
passed around to a few other people a
little bit more discreetly more of like
complaining that we were here for so
long one of the guys said he was
standing watch when when when captain
Steele was talking to Billy and that
it's something about they called it a
crown of domination would I understand
that to mean a crown of domination
assemble it allow you to control another
person or thing that sounds like what do
I do Mike could I know exactly what that
does by writing our kind of check give
me an hour can I check sure I'm not
metagame you've heard of such a thing
before it's a well fabled tale when I'm
around that is kind of forces and
allegiance of the wearer to someone who
holds a specific key associated with the
crown the key can take any form it can
be a gem it could be a bracelet crowns
of domination are rare but they can be
recoded too
tokens would we have any information of
such a crown existing based on what we'd
read in that book that Wyatt I think we
left with Wyatt give me intelligence
checked across the board from the party
see if you can remember anything that
you learned how do I roll these things
I literally have seven - intelligence
that I just roll every time it's
insane well you're a sheltered gnome you
grew up underground you probably don't
know Midori you've heard of crowns of
domination as a cleric when you were
growing up the the Jekyll figures love
the idea of crown domination but they
don't seem to know of any that in fact
you would know that they are there's
sort of like a dearth of them they're
more of historical notes than active
magic items and use I will pipe up do
you guys you think that he was trying to
get this crown to use it on the on the
vampire it's entirely possible that
Lewis yeah when um could could we go
through or could we go through the book
with us or no I could do a history tab
so remember I'm before we left the
before we left the place I asked - I
asked Wyatt to ship the translated notes
or whatever to the whiskey no no what
was it called the whaling whale or
whatever the wench the whaling once
you're done as well yeah they were gonna
be waiting for you when you came back
from this mission
okay okay
then um alright well I guess we know we
do you have an idea I guess talking to
the soldier again how close do you think
they are to covering this ground you
know if they're making good progress oh
wait I haven't found it yet I definitely
definitely have you know there's always
the talk of we're probably gonna have to
go to the rocks nest to get it magical
item like that super strong or whatever
is the rocks massive mm-hmm the rocks
nest is that those big birds yeah that
the really big birds like 100 foot
wingspan giant flying Falcon Eagle II
like thingies you you'll see him around
if you spend a day or two here
do they like shiny things
she shrugs I don't know birds like shiny
things but it's always been my
experience that the greatest magical
treasures are in the hands of those that
can hold them oh yeah friends - okay um
yeah where did that where's the web do
you know where these are about third
Talon so have we sent Billy there cuz
he's got magic he might be able to you
know better save his people from
fighting them that's a couple hundred
feet on a cliff ledge hard to get to but
supposedly if you can scale the mountain
there's a shorter route to it I don't
know I haven't been to the third tone
yet yes Billy already up there
Billy's there with three Spears can you
get transitioned over there maybe change
here is eight soldiers each right yeah
eight soldiers and a person leading it
usually you know some spears are gonna
be a little light so might be heavy but
that's you're reliable that's a small
army how do we deal with that should be
a block should be row over to there and
see we can scale the mountain yeah I
mean that seems to be our only option
Jesus we're going after Billy what uh I
mean what do you think we should do I
mean we should go we should meet we need
to get this ground before these guys do
I think I don't know that the crown is
in there they're not sure yet
well I mean it seems the most likely
place if they haven't uncovered in a
cave yet if we're done could we could we
[Music]
could we dismiss the guard so I guess
I'll toss some of the a5 gold is what I
said give him if he brought us back good
information so I give him five more gold
and then can I tell him to meet us back
here in six days and that if we get off
this island without anyone knowing that
we're here right out you know this no no
huh I'll toss on ten more gold yeah
mum's the word man that's really easy
not to say anything you just keep your
mouth shut
can I ask him what his name isn't where
you lose
I yeah my my name is Dave improv dude hi
guys I'm from the Destro's plains you
know I live on a coastal village sort of
near the Cindy River Dave what's your
last name
oh I'm not a noble I don't have a last
name I'm just Dave oh yeah
although if I had a last name would
probably be Davison because my father's
name was Dave - Oh Dave Dave you got it
yeah my mates call me Davey cool thank
you
sounds good I'll see you later Dave all
right I guess we're heading to the to
the other Island then and we're gonna
try to scale that mountain and get to
the rocks before the other guys - great
[Music]
you leave Dave Davison behind and head
back to your rowboat
[Applause]
we never rolled a check for how
well-hidden your rowboat is so who was
the one hiding it I was the one hiding
it and I do you believe that I said like
I want to take down and like hide it
really well yeah why don't you take the
highest nature check in the party cuz
you all work together on this and roll
it at advantage for how well I'm a
hundred at the highest nature go for
Gerald advantage nature check I can't
screw this up your boat has been
undisturbed but you do see fresh tracks
in have acidity all little doglike
tracks as if a pack of coal bullets have
come through here uh I mean we have time
to get on the bone stuff right yeah you
can you can get in the boat and sail
around the island do you want to go the
north way or the south way whatever the
way is not where the ship is can I talk
to them the party real quick yeah yeah
let's discuss our plan just really
briefly so they sent 24 soldiers and a
wizard and three commanders to take on
these birds so I think either way we
either fight them which is a lot of
dudes or we fight the birds I
option seems not good right probably
right here is probably to do something
stuff just keep that in mind lock can't
even walk out on the water um even then
there's like four Spears here and then
the Greta chick and like yeah we just
can't take on a straight fight yeah I
just have to roll well and still stuff I
think okay hmm all right you sail around
the edge and if you alright so if you
undertake this journey at night no one
will ever notice that you've done this
but you're not gonna be able to
necessarily head in the right direction
I would make our captain or sea captain
give us some sort of navigation check
and if you prefer as you go in the right
direction if you fail you've missed the
island and God knows where you end up
can we give that person advantage
because the owl is scouting 120 feet in
the head no because if it's pitch-black
and you have to sail nine miles being
120 feet ahead of you doesn't really
help
can I get advantage because there's a
captain for many years and have a
natural naval Sunday well yeah yeah
we'll give you an appropriate check I
just want to lay this in front of you
that at night you're gonna need a check
to pass during the day you can do it no
problem but you'll probably get spotted
I think we have to go at night yeah
during the day seems silly so captain
bad Brad Barbeau you can navigate by the
stars if they're visible so let's say
it's a 25% chance of being a cloudy
night so roll me addy 100 oh that's
adorable
we're like a family Midori you and I
give me a D 100 perfect it is not cloudy
so you can see the scour stars give me a
perception check and advantage for
navigating by the Stars perfect okay I
was a captain for many years luck yes
that about four hours to roll cross you
go at night two three hours there two to
three hours to get there
so somewhere an hour or so before dawn
you arrive at the next Talon I'm gonna
feed the Yeti do the command stuff again
you've butchered some of the parents and
brought them with you in the keel of
your ship here and you've been feeding
them to their children not the brands oh
no the mad cow disease or whatever no I
don't want Matt yeah yeah okay okay you
arrive on the next talon a few hours
before dawn you pull up on the you look
for a spot to land for some because
there's a lot of steep cliffs and
terrible landing places
Barbeau do you want to go right or left
around the island looking for a landing
place um I'm gonna say we go right
always take the righteous path you go to
the right side and after three miles of
searching the coastline you find a
little sandy beach right at the base of
a mountain so you've got like 30 feet of
beach and then like cliff does it look
to start before we nope pristine horse
and untouched by any feet we'll stay
there
raucous in there is the boat high double
there you'll have to drag it on shore
and haul it into the woods a little bit
okay I got to move it a few hundred feet
but it can be done and as you arrive and
hide your bush give me a bandage again
Mallick see ya yes fantastic mr. Jerry
not Jerry Joe not very good not yeah
wonderful all right you hide your you
hide your boat and it's time to do what
you're probably Gayla mountain time to
scale a goddamn mountain that's what
we're doing all right you know I mean I
mountains a big thing you know where the
rocks nest is where you want to reach oh
you asked maybe that's maybe that's step
one is finding the nest so you know
where to scale them wait I'm sorry just
so that the people in the audience know
cuz they might not know when you say the
rocks nest
what do you time I would say Rock I
believe
to touch on that again so yeah because
rock is a giant bird okay that's just
maybe viewers yeah it's the name of the
creature and I'm gonna give you a
picture that will help help with the
scaling of giant herbs that is not great
description here we go they are this big
goggles from Lord of the Rings oh look
she's hope
well it's holding Chad and its talons or
whatever the Yeti it's actually eating
from you guys no it's an elephant idiot
would uh no one it's wait wait it's
holding a elephant yeah that's
why I'll trap for you so you could see
the elephant I'm sure it's a smart guy
I'm sure it's a small elephant knowing
what would you guys would anyone here
have any reasonable knowledge of
anything related to rocks I guess famous
creatures you all have heard the tales
about them like you might hear of
dragons like on the same level of
dragons or dragons typically regarded oh
that level of Fame though yeah if a
dragon in a rock fought how easily with
dragon dragon always kills everything
you know someone give me is there some
sort of lore check and I'll read you
some paragraphs I have why can't can I
run the nature check on this honestly
because that's the Laura I'm looking for
here wait dragons didn't kill William
Aaron final answer that was were tiny
dragons those were be Jeremiah they were
 badass but it happened alright
Rock Slayer rock layers are vast nests
made of trees branches in the life they
inhabit the highest mountains usually in
the warmest region it's clearly not in
this situation rocks are not given to
nesting close to one another with the
nest rarely being located within 20
miles of another la la we don't care
about this we don't care about that rock
range for food many times a day about an
hour after sunset somewhere around noon
and usually an hour before sunset if
there are young in the nest the fourth
feeding approximately two hours after
noon is added to keep the young strong
and well fed rocks are occasionally
tamed and used by cloud or storm Giants
good Alliance not allow their rocks to
be attacked by civilized creatures and
the animals that garden
what were the hours that they're not in
the nest they like sunrise sunset noon
and if there's young in the nest a few
hours after noon
so I'll tell the party of everything I
know so if we if we visit the nest in
sunrise and sunset its we can maybe get
in there search for what if there's a
crowd in there and then get out we could
ya keep down the number of large
predators and they are fond of bunk eggs
purple worms and Hart bees
thanks to rocks prodigious appetites
these creatures are not swarming around
with impunity it is said that rock
feathers can be used to manufacture
certain magical items here and there
including flying brooms one race that
has little love to Roxas dwarves war
bird mines located remote mountains
often have to contend with unruly rocks
intent on protecting their territory
attempts by dwarves tame rocks have all
met with failures so the accepted manner
of dealing with rocks is to kill them
and smash their eggs
Adventure talks to happen on a community
of mountain dwarves may find employment
does rock hunters blah blah blah as long
as no druids find out dude dude rocks
are pretty aggressive right if you're in
their territory guys think of them as
just giant Eagles they have
about Eagle intelligence and similar
sort of territorial this they're not in
smart you know
okay so Eagles aren't intelligent in D&D
right
no tells no real life are they in Lord
of the Rings there
he seems there for the Rings they're
like amazing they're like they're like
angels yeah see the check yeah um all
right let's get scaling oh sure I feel a
scale coming on are we all going to the
so are we all going or should we send
our best climbers and then wait because
we just need to check it when it's uh
during the hours right
can we uh maybe me maybe la can I go and
then you guys also if we want to burn a
spell I can levitate someone up there
well I have levitated somebody all the
way up a mountain I can yeah and they'll
come down no levitate goes 20 feet high
every couple minutes and then it goes
infinitely every round it goes 20 feet I
don't know if it's every round but it
sits around there let me look
yeah up to 20 feet remain suspended
there and then every oh you're going to
by either direction every turn yeah so
20 feet around 20 feet every 6 seconds
yeah so 200 feet a minute yep
can you use levitate to slow fall - how
to cure SV uh if you if I levitate you
you will end the spell ends you will you
will not drop you literally you'll
literally be safe no matter what there's
no check like you'll float gently to the
ground there's no problem yeah Midori
can you take our two children um in your
hands and held levitate you up okay wait
why should wait why why should the yetis
go with Midori why she well I mean
Midori doesn't become that's fine I'm
certainly we levitate one person at us
yeah yeah I'll stay behind and watch the
kids okay all right
wait why is levitating a spell slot
thing yeah it is it's a little - she's
climbing we're never we're never doing
this we don't there anything I don't
think we're on other side of the
mountain so okay as long as we so as
long as we get into the the right hours
like we need to make sure it's sunrise
yeah I'm real quick word though for the
water um can i if I hop in the water
does it feel like I'm landing like on
solid ground or is there a little bit of
give or how does this work
it feels fairly solid there is a wee bit
of give it's like walking on sand that's
a good way of putting it it's like
walking on sand am i jump from a higher
place is this like a trampoline effect
er no
if you jump and land on the water you'll
probably break your legs okay yeah
alright does he get to chew eight if you
dive in the water you're fine though
yeah
yes social we said everyone the coin
together sent captain the captain to
claim he was a stealth mission this is
time you show okay uh what is my quick
escape if there is an issue edge asleep
can I just have a list of us all you
should be able to start quite quick then
your own own can I have the can I have
the ring for this mission just in case
yeah I mean if you want to sure I gave
on the ring of water-walking I'm
gonna use it at the base of the
mountains and you're just gonna like
scale the mountain and then run around
looking for a rock rocks next hold on ah
Gale the mountain and see what I can see
with I hope I can take the owl barb oh
your your your your escape is literally
just jump off the mountain and I'll
levitate you and then you'll you you
won't you won't die yeah yes sir mm-hmm
I will I'll be coming back for us yeah
all right I'm gonna start scaling the
mountain okay give me an athletics check
can I do acrobatics yes thank you
quite nice start climbing our Mountain
here music all right you make it up the
first section of this mountain pass of
this this cliff right here before you
can I do get a section check see if I
see anything yeah you get up like 400
feet you can see out over the the
treetops there's nothing of interest to
note yet other than your your companions
at your feet okay so you've got a few
hundred feet where are you gonna go
because I know the map doesn't zoom in
very much more than max but I guess in
our lot of territory right this is nine
square miles you're so yeah I was just
gonna try and get to like the highest
point I guess cuz that's where I would
assume the rocks would put their nest as
I get up the mountain like near the peak
or whatever like nearer I would like to
start like being way more stealthily I
may be looking around for signs and
stuff like that yeah okay well you keep
climbing and climbing and climbing spend
maybe a few hours going up fairly easy
terrain
towards
he at a certain point you you end up out
like the penultimate peak below the the
main wonder you actually have to go down
and back up again and give you another
perception check from up here before I
do that could like because you were
saying I was getting like areas then I'd
stop and have to go up like another part
on those areas am I able to like put
some rope just like kind of like
dangling I guess or whatever so that
make sense so if I need to I rope to
things yeah so you can yeah like Cyril
ground it's like a rappel yep yeah yeah
sure okay perception fantastic you spot
on the west side of the island north
west side of the island there seems to
be a group of people that have stretched
out some sort of creatures on racks down
by the shore do you look like birds to
me they do not look like birds
um and I see anything with like my can I
see I guess what I would think it would
be it's miles away okay it's just you
can see that people have are out there
and they're sort of stretching something
out over such a something big like the
stretching kind of thing yeah so no no I
guess I'll take a note of where they are
and then continue climbing so they were
Brown they're quite bad yeah around
there good fantastic
all right and now you want to move more
stealthily the next section so give me a
stealth check and an acrobatics check in
conjunction damn your rolls are so good
today this is insane yeah that's unreal
you make your way to the very tippy top
of the mountain be the highest peak
around there's no rocks nest here but
you can survey everything in addition to
this group that you spot here there is a
another group of people off on the far
west side of the island
yep you just be trudging along the beach
so I see no rocks nests like anywhere
mm-hmm and they're pretty big you would
know it assumes yeah yeah and I haven't
seen any rocks or anything right
not of the kind you're looking for
that's not sure that's not as your I
should have their big aspirins you can't
miss him in the sky when you get to the
peak you can see that there is a rock
out over the sea miles away kind of
searching searching for like food and
like the water something yeah it's
probably looking at something to dive
down on I guess which way is he which
way is the rock flying searching for
food is he flying like this way moment
you're asking it is going this direction
okay I would like to UM it's not gonna
like see me right probably I'd like to
use a connection they'll be fine you can
fight don't you have like fancy footwork
and stuff yeah I'd like to use a hide
action and then start to like rappel
down do you a victim party if I'm just
curious if some bird would have grabbed
you and like toss him I'm a very very
high place as these large creatures
usually do to kill their prey do you
like die instantly if you hit the ground
or are we making saving throws are
helpful damage okay oh it's not
happening I'm how much damage is they
instantly kill a person it's not like if
you do enough damage like twice their HP
or something you can instantly kill if
you bring them to negative their maximum
HP yeah there's actually falling damage
in the game though I think it's I think
it's 20 d6 if I remember right max yeah
yeah that averages out to 50 damage so
okay it's actually a little bit of an
oversight in D&D because it's not that
much like yeah you can jump off
hundred-foot towers and survive in fifth
edition it's not actually a big problem
I'll tell you guys yeah I'd like to
start stealthily scaling down with my
sure just so you guys know though if I'm
going to deploy that tactic here I'll
drop you over the ocean so you die for
sure
well sure in the ocean because you all
have the rock fly you out into the water
well I have yeah so that's how I'm gonna
get around the you can't die from
falling damage because fifth edition
gives so much advantage to the players
what I technically be able to live since
I have my ring and I get like get back
up on the water oh wait I guess to be in
the middle of the water I probably
wouldn't be able to like just you'd have
to land perfectly yeah it would just be
a mess I got it yeah
Thank You die I would just rather
stealthily climb down okay
you still flee climb all the way back
down to your party you meet them later
before just before afternoon I'll
explain the two where they are how I got
to the top and I didn't see a single
rocks nest but I did see a rock coming
from what it looked like
the fourth island because he was flying
out like you know like showing the way
towards there so I think the rockness
might actually be on the fourth island
do we want to go there or do you want to
wait so all these people got it wrong
that's what it looks like there's no
rockness yeah I would have seen it
they're big oh that's good I mean in
yeah that gives us well and yeah one
ways that gives us an advantage in
another way if we run into the rocks
though we're gonna be left to deal with
them on our own okay
well but we know that they are out of
the nest a certain time and that that
rock just proved it so we're gonna we're
gonna get an advantage on these this
army by going forward and then getting
to the rocknest before them and getting
the thing before them yeah then let's do
it let's get to that Island yeah look
like there's a big hill or anything or
they just nope there's no mountains no
hills or anything on the fourth island
what's the do rocks um do they even I
guess in our reading or whatever do they
stay on mountains or canoes they like
nesting and high out of reach places
I'll explore on stone they're probably
not on that island but Kerry did every
mangoes are probably nothing probably
not there I'm not saying I wouldn't lie
to you in this situation and hide them
there and with you but all the
intelligence you've ever gathered in
your life tells you that they're
somewhere on a mountain and they weren't
on my Mountain I'm just glad you came
back safe yeah me too
wait so so they're not so they're not on
that I went the northeast I'm probably
not there on another mountain in this
island probably okay they might be on
the first island
are there other mountains Neil on this
island no that picture that's so good
yeah
like nested I'm sorry Lily Lily keeps
holding stuff up for us to see can I see
it now I miss it can you show the good
one you drew now Wow
okay so we're going back to I guess we
would have to check out Billy silent
Manor
we're on Billy's Island right now so
that's the only mountain but there's no
nest
then what was two more mountains right
there's one on one and two
what but the guy that was driving us
here specifically said the rocks are on
three we're just not something's wrong
something's up they're here it's just
we're doing something wrong I know
pretty well I would say can you send
your al to go fly around and maybe
Stevie yeah it's not much is there a
chance that these could be I mean like
if we assume that these are guarding a
magical island or our magical crown
could they also be hidden with magic as
well are they in the mountain I was
about to say I would I have seen a big
cave like anywhere on the mountaintops
possibly probably not I mean yeah
big-ass mountain range right yes man to
the top of the peak look to the ground
but there could be things on the sides
there could be less on the sides of the
cliff there could be a cave there's all
sorts of places that you haven't checked
I still have my rope up so it'll be easy
if we all want to climb up together and
search the hillsides more easily but we
would um bring them up with the
levitation thing if one person fails
their check it's gonna be wicked bad I'm
pretty sure we could all climb together
and we could help each other out no we
absolutely good we all have pics and we
have ropes we could like do it yes we
could even tie ourselves to yeah that's
exactly what we do yeah okay
yeah mmm maybe not oh yeah tie the name
to both of us but not yeah we could
levitate you up Andorian we can bring I
don't know why we're so eager to throw
away our magic guys we should this
levitate
hitting unless it's like a life or death
situation yeah yeah no nevermind
Howard's it the climate now when we have
rope and stuff pretty like advantage we
could wait a day I could climb to the
top and like sear that rock actually
flies too but so climbing the mountain
right here is DC 15 that's really hard
DC DC 15 to do it quietly DC tend to do
it regularly okay why can't we just have
a why can't Catherine chatter whatever
her Barbara why can't you just go to the
top and wait for a rock to return home
and see what they work that's what I'm
saying
yeah I could actually do that let's just
do this pretty smile alright can I scale
my way up again yep
you scale your way back up to the top of
the mountain it's afternoon by the time
you get here and you've seen no rocks in
the sky at all anywhere to be found
can I just wait around and absolutely hi
and see if I can see anything mm-hmm
might even camp up yep it's like an hour
later one of them takes off from a spot
right about here okay yeah it's just
there's nothing and then all of a sudden
from the mountain comes a giant ass bird
bird takes off and Koreans out of the
ocean and starts like running up and
down along this section of coastline
searching for food oh wait for when he
like start some running up a section of
coastline like away from me and then
I'll start climbing done you get back to
the party I'll explain where I saw the
rock um who's about in the middle of the
mountain I just saw him come out like
around here so maybe that's where we
should head yeah we should probably all
make our way closer to that spot done
yeah Oh max again my heart beat one sec
what things aya tea at the mere thought
of you never making the back lot they're
leaving me behind with two children to
care for myself
I have cases like after Midori I'm not
just gonna leave them and you behind
okay I know I know but sometimes I need
the assurance I'm not Chad no you're not
um alright I'll explain to Locke and I'm
say what's getting get her done
yeah let's go how are we uh doing the
yetis can I put a Yeti since you got a
harness gonna time to me and Link kind
of come up yeah you can bring the yetis
with you and have them climb along they
are excellent climbers actually what do
you get with blue blue no no your your
dude carrying all your oh um you
can just hang out there I'm gonna grab
two rafts hang out with the boat is Eve
okay to do that I mean oh wait hold on
he's not gonna leave us right
where would he go what if I can just
take the boat and leave that's what I'm
asking
I'm very skimpy I'm not gonna take your
boat and leave is how insulting um yeah
please leave him hit and tell him to
hang out all right you leave him with
the boat excellent
I do explain to him don't build a
campfire or anything too crazy you see
him just roll the boat upside down yeah
and crawl underneath it and just hang
out on inside be flipped over boat so we
had a site and it'll be warm so this guy
watch this guy's like a master rogue
like level 20 okay what's climb that's
what I meant to ask in our time with the
yetis I guess two or two days now or
something
do they see him like pretty intelligent
creatures these seem like imbeciles oh
okay that's fine
kind of like thank after their masters I
guess yeah
a three year old intelligence level
that's fine but they're cool with me
right hey so CSS their parents right all
they want is food so they like but we
are training them right you're giving
them food and they seem to be enjoying
it it's only been and they're following
commands are they following commands now
or like are they
you ready the puppy to sit in two days
easy
at CLG we tried to once rescue a bunch
of feral cats and I put this thing in my
room and it literally peed and pooped
all over the place for a month until we
finally like had to get white I had to
like figure it out no point is it was
it's hard it's hard and dogs are bred to
be trained these are wild yetis it's
alright I roll I roll 20s and my
children now there are two ways of
approaching this yeti cave cave rocknest
one you can find then and climb straight
up to see them and the other option
would be to find a a nearby spot that
would be at the same altitude and then
climb around to them at the presence you
don't really know what the situation is
around the nest you just know on what
side of the mountain it is and roughly
its position I probably rather can we
maybe climb like up a past it and then
kind of like I guess the goal would be
to like rappel down yeah is that okay
with the party yeah sounds fine yeah
you're the climber alright not a show
huh not a shovel er that's right give me
your climb check everyone to scale up
here it's gonna be dc-10 athletics or
acrobatics to get up the mountain to in
position do we all have advantage since
we're all tied up yeah you should not be
a problem I just want to make sure that
we don't run into any fun issues of
people following a hundred feet and
dying and your Yeti children climb with
you without any problem
I'd like to give Rock bet our lock bag
has a the ring okay block has the ring
you make your way across the
mountainside
see how long has this been it's been 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 hours when we first landed 9
hours from sunrise is late afternoon or
from yeah so it's about late afternoon
when you come to the edge of the cliff
and look down and back and forth or
something you don't spot any rocks but
you do see on this section of the island
right here there is a campfire that has
been built with smoke rising from it and
you can see small little people moving
around now that we're closer can I see
what was stretched out of all or no
still pretty far no it's still a few
miles out um and we don't see a rock
flying around right no rocks to be seen
and he'll play in this campfire real
quick is this like hundreds of feet are
like thousands of feet like digging
miles to miles maybe I lost down what
times do the rock leave again gnome
usually leave to go noon sunrise and
sunset we should wait for sunset and
then see if we can get in the cave yeah
okay sure enough as the Sun begins to
set the rock takes off flies out to sea
do rocks usually live alone or do they
like live with late they're either in a
mated pair or solo alright umm since we
haven't all right
you guys ready to repel okay yes yeah
all right
can't we repel into the rock down I'm
gonna want
Barbeau I'm gonna want you to go scout
out the area and figure out a way to get
here so give me your own climbing check
before anyone else gets involved in
anything Jesus I am a descendant of
Grimes seriously I've never seen anyone
roll like this in a campaign ever to be
fair that's plus six zillion but that's
like fourteen twelve fourteen fifty okay
yeah he's doing so good that's amazing
all right you can Scout down and find
the right spot you can see the Nesta
once you get out to a certain ledge and
hang your head over you can see little
bits of like branches sticking out is it
look like there's one all right there's
nothing in there or you can't see until
you're in the nest it's built like
there's a what would you call like a
divot in the gutter yeah okay sign yeah
you find a spot where you can come from
like the side and it's only a 50-foot
journey to get from the the level ground
across the steep sheer cliff to where
the nest would be could I attempt to
throw um like a little rock or something
like in there on the ground to see if
something will like perch up its gonna
be a door even like a dagger I basically
throwing across a horizontal surface and
wanting it to go horizontal and in so
you need to throw like a curveball with
the dagger so it's a tough shot to make
I'll try it give me a roll to hit with
you bagger
yeah no you lose it down the
mountainside and so on forever idiot bye
[Music]
doo doo doo a dc-15a Flett ixora batiks
check to navigate this section of cliff
to go this horizontal route because it's
sheer and slippery and there's not a lot
of good grips everyone or just me anyone
who wants to climb into the nest
okay I have the ropes and harnesses so
you could tie someone off and if they
follow they'll just all 50 feet until
someone can make your strength check and
holder but failed checks and multiple
people fall on everyone together it is
500 400 feet to these snow and trees
below so it's quite quite a drop okay um
I'll confer with the party and ask them
feel comfortable with that well why
don't we send one person up yeah I mean
I'm willing to go um can I go with walk
so we can have like a climbing buddy
just for the without help a man
advantage if we other reason other
reason why we've only one person goes I
can levitate them if they fall so no you
they're mine what are we um what are we
but again we want to avoid that because
it's a big spell
what are we losing if we if we fail a
check here we like falling to a death
ball 400 feet do we have a chance to
grab something or like I'll give you
like a last chance saying you'll have to
pass like a dex check in a string object
to grab and hold on but you're probably
gonna die I'm gonna I'll do it and I'll
take one of the yetis because I'm
assuming he can climb on his own or now
you say there's a really good climber do
you want that to send the Yeti over me
handy Yeti the Yeti and I yes you can
bring down and tell alongside with you
thank you all right and are you what
precautions are you taking before you
roll anything so or you can just pull it
it's fine don't worry about it well I
mean there wasn't gonna be much
precautions maybe you're in a tight rope
to yourself so if you fell you wouldn't
die but I'm assuming you're free
climbing like this and you just
great over here did me and the Yeti make
it to this nest it's this huge nest
bigger than anything you've ever seen
before and perched in the middle of it
are three rock babies but they're like
at least four times your size can I
attempt to like be stealthily so they'll
see you mean give me a stealth check I'm
so sorry
you're so good just don't oh great your
Yeti climbs over the edge and screams
and runs at it claws out in a row to go
eat the the rocks
well combat now because the pigs are
definitely engaging and you're knowing
yourself alone I did have a scope the
Yeti was tied to me though so then
dragging you to the way gonna drag me
are kind of experiment obviously the
Yeti is gonna scream and stop are you
hidden like people wait I was I mean I
was sorry more oh no Kobe said I'm tired
of these rolls dude why did you even
take the Yeti with you what did my
little buddy do okay well little bloody
buddy has blown your stealth I might
actually have to use a little buddy as a
distraction I
he's fighting or whatever I'm gonna step
in and attempt to see if I can see a
crown or something well this is where we
would roll for combat but this combats
definitely gonna run over our time and
this is a perfect cliffhanger moment so
why don't we come back next week the
rock cave the Yeti yeah the rock cave oh
my god oh nice job Lily knighted wine
Lily thank you
so you guys will have to come back next
week if you want to see the thrilling
conclusion of tonight's episode and a
Stephen you wanted to take it away yeah
thanks a lot for joining us it's been
fun this week we'll run through and do
our shoutouts
i'm destinee obviously my website it's
nice to know GG i believe to the right
of me is Midori aka Lily Picchu yeah
okay and then to the right of her is
Gerald not aka Devon aka M Alexia am i
doing an outro yep alright yo that's it
it's the end of the show and that means
it's time for some rhyming flow I'm
Alexia twitch.tv slash Malik C is my
place and I'm bringing you the after
show for D&D right into your face so
come to my channel and discuss our show
and get some cool extra info and be in
the know
all right to the right of Devon is mr.
Lucas hi I'm mr. Newton I stream almost
every day on Twitch please sub to me so
I have to go to college anymore ok
that's pretty direct and then um yeah
Neela I guess you could play us out I am
gallery quick pass Erikson and I do a
bunch of D&D stuff on my channel all the
time their next show is tomorrow morning
for us us viewers or evening for you UK
viewers 10 a.m. Pacific Time twitch.tv
slash Koivu it is called kuben nights
and
deals with events happening at the same
time frame but in a different part of
the world so that's that done awesome
the show guys
yeah thanks a lot everybody dress we
sure you here next week at the same time
thanks for being there guys look at you
next week peace out
