how's it gone good good how are you I'm
doing great
so you are writing or no it's it's fine
it's yes I'm waking up okay don't worry
I promise
so really normally kind of a night
person but um so um yeah you wanna
introduce yourself everybody yeah okay
so I'm Anna I'm an ex-muslim that grew
up in Saudi Arabia and lived in Pakistan
for a little bit I'm at nice mangos on
Twitter and I have a podcast called
polite conversations and I'm an
illustrator and blogger cool how long
did you live in Pakistan for in Saudi
Arabia most of my life till I started
University and in Pakistan on and off
like four or five years about you and
then from there you move to Canada okay
cool and you've been in Canada for the
rest of your life since that er yeah
yeah awesome so I lost everything all of
my IDMS on Twitter so I'm not actually
sure what what what was the motivating
reason for you to reach out or what
happened actually some other people
connected us on Twitter if I remember
correctly and they were like oh you guys
should talk and they linked to a chat
where you you had a chat with another ex
Muslim and people were complaining that
you let her get away with a lot of
[ __ ] yeah and I actually listened to
that chat and I mean I don't blame you
cuz this is this is an easy thing for a
lot of ex Muslims to pull with people
that don't know a lot about this slop
right um so you will defer to their
experience and you can't really
challenge too much but it was it was
hard to listen to yeah I had a
conversation I brought on to Muslims
after anyone from Turkey and one who
lived in America uh yeah and I learned a
lot more pretty much everything she said
was wrong right yeah but um yeah we can
go this is the thing though right so I'm
I'm an ex-muslim as well and you know I
had a lot of faith in this movement
I thought it was very a very noble goal
to try and D stigmatize apostasy from
Islam which is which is a big deal you
know and it isn't at all normalized so
that's a great goal to have but they you
know have slowly slowly shifted from
that goal to just being like auntie left
anti-muslim auntie SJW and now we're at
a place where it doesn't really achieve
anything
yeah and well when you when you talk
about this movement what in particular
you're trying to just ransom X Muslim
movement and you know very much
Islam reformist movement and you know
it's kind of overlapping with all to
light and Dave Rubens and Trump stuff
and it's just you know everything that
the the people who wanted to discredit
critics of Islam said a long time ago
that this would turn out to be and it's
disappointing to see that it has indeed
turned out to be you know just an excuse
for pushing right-wing agendas yeah yeah
I think I when I talk about this it's
often the difference a lot of people
seem to think I'm hypocritical the way
that I approach these issues is the
difference between like like I'm very
anti religious so I would send it like I
hate Islam and I hate Christianity but I
don't hate Muslims or Christians a lot
of people have a hard time
distinguishing between those two things
I think yes and it's also the power
balance is right like you've got to be a
bit more careful in how you criticize
Islam in an environment a political
environment that's very very anti Muslim
I think and probably you're more
comfortable criticizing Christianity in
an environment that isn't really
anti-christian yeah so just you've
already lost half the people in the
conversation really because these are
the same people that'll go I don't
understand why I can't say [ __ ] black
people if some people could say [ __ ]
white people it should all be the same
right it's not the same thing yeah yeah
and so this is my problem with a lot of
ex-muslims especially ones with ex
extremist backgrounds they seem to view
everything through the lens of their
extremist upbringing right so they kind
of project that on to every single
Muslim yeah you know how she said stuff
like Muslims lie a lot there's Allah and
at the same time denouncing this sort of
conspiratorial tukya concept like I
don't know how much you know about the
dog whistles of the anti Muslim
community but Turkey is definitely one
of those things yeah and as soon as
somebody tells me that an entire group
of people has an excuse to lie they've
already set themselves up where they can
never be wrong about anything so and
I've actually ran into people that have
done that in the past or I'll point out
like okay you know what Christians do
this thing and Muslims do this thing
like okay well but it's a way different
where Muslims do because Muslims can lie
about everything and it's religiously
justified and it's like okay well that's
really convenient for your argument
isn't it because now you can never be
wrong about anything you're saying right
right and also like Muslims are not
robots right they die of course they lie
like everybody else lies every theists
lies they don't need a religious
justification to be able to lie Takia is
this like obscure concept that I
actually growing up in Saudi Arabia and
never heard of sure until I came to
North America and you know interacted
with anti Muslims who were accusing me
of it yeah I had a I had a conversation
with a lady once who was trying to tell
me it had to do with it was it had to do
with like the woman's March and for some
reason Breitbart thinks that like the
women's March leader was that one X
Muslim woman yeah yeah yeah she's not
she's like I got you and the there was a
claim that um that she supports female
genital mutilation I think and I wasn't
too familiar with her but I you know I
dug around just very briefly and it
didn't look like she did all of the
comments that I had seen her map were
anti female genital mutilation and I
brought this up to her and I was like
okay well you said that she's very proud
female genital mutilation I can't find
any information whether she seems to be
on the
side and that was the first time I heard
of takea where she was like oh well you
see what she's actually doing is she's
gonna build a big following and she's
lying right now and then she'll reveal
the truth later like don't you think it
sounds a little bit like [ __ ]
ridiculous like PG like you're lying to
build a following and you're gonna 180
your position later on and do you expect
that people will still follow the I
don't know I just I mean I'm no fan of
Linda Sarsour and I think there's plenty
of legitimate criticisms of her and she
has said some nasty stuff like yeah I
feel her Twitter's perhaps yeah yeah
about like I don't know removing ayaan
Hirsi Ali is vagina or something like
that yeah so she's not exactly the
progressive that she portrays herself to
be and I see her sort of as very much
the flip of Dave Rubin right so he
pretends to be this liberal you know the
last liberal and he sort of normalizes
and platforms and legitimizes these
shady shady people like Mike son of a
[ __ ] Paul Joseph wasn't and you know he
says there's a necessary place for
Infowars and Milo and just disgusting
stuff so on the other end Linda Sarsour
also legitimizes a bunch of far-right
really gross Imams with horrendous views
and at the same time she's pretending
roundly this aggressive woman right so
she she isn't you know she isn't the
progressive that she claims to be and
there's plenty of legit criticism but
then there's a racist jump on that anti
Linda Sarsour bandwagon and you know try
to apply these weird anti-muslim
conspiracies to her right
yeah so a bunch of things are correct at
the same time like yes there's a bunch
of racist criticism of her but yes also
there's a bunch of legitimate criticism
of her yeah the frustrating thing is
that um this is actually kind of like a
minority phenomenon in general
ironically enough is that for example if
I do something really stupid I don't
know if this is because I'm
not a minority figure but if I do
something stupid it reflects poorly on
me I Stephen banal is an individual I do
something dumb it reflects poorly on me
but if a Muslim does something dumb or
like a minority figure to something dumb
it is reflective of the entire group of
people that that's kind of related to
her so like if she so if if Linda says
something stupid or does something
stupid it's not just her being stupid
it's a reflection of all Muslims have a
temper pensa t-too lied to further an
agenda or something which is another
really bad thing to deal with I run into
the salaat when people talk about um
there's a huge double standard I'm
curious if you agree with this or not
there's a huge double standard in terms
of what's considered in the name of
Islam versus in the name of Christianity
so for instance if anybody ever makes
any sort of vague reference whatsoever
to something related to Islam it seems
like people are very quick to label that
as like Islam extremism or or Islam
terrorism
whereas in if somebody makes a reference
to God or Christianity people are like
well that's just an expression they
don't actually mean that so as an
example of this if any leader in another
country was going to war and they said
something along the lines of like you
know I consulted a lot and he told me to
do this I mean people would be very
quick to say okay well this guy is a
[ __ ] Islam extremist like he's it's a
holy war whereas in the United States
when George Bush says you know while I
talk to God and he told me to do this or
when Trump says the Bible is the most
important book in the world like nobody
ever looks at that as like oh well
that's kind of Christian extremism which
is like no you know well that's he's
just saying that you know yeah I mean I
I agree with that but also that's
probably because of the perception of
Christianity being watered down to an
extent in Islam commanding an orthodoxy
that is still pretty concerning right so
I think that's where that double
standard comes in people just don't view
them as equally dangerous perhaps and
and rightfully so in some ways sure what
it was there like a specific thing you
wanted to talk about or do you want to
just kind of move around different
religious topics sorry
yeah let's I mean I just wanted to talk
about whatever your views on this I
think we agree on a lot of stuff
and like I found myself agreeing with a
lot of the positions that you were
taking with the person that was on your
show before I mean how you were
challenging her but of course I was like
I wish you had said this but yeah I
didn't know anything about like wiggling
because it seemed like she unless I'm
losing some sort of nuance it seems like
she said some things that were wrong to
the core like when she talked about how
there was a singular interpretation yes
and yeah and that was part of thing that
both of the Muslims that I brought in
later grilled me on about the existence
of hadith and how and I should have
known this to some extent because I know
that there are different Islamic groups
in the Middle East right that she is the
Ayatollah the the Sunnis that they they
have to have some sort of release but
yeah I doubt the sex right you would not
have Islam apologetics if there weren't
different interpretations is so
frustrating to deal with apologists of
different scriptures right so I had a
show with a woman who considers herself
a feminist and we discussed the Quran
verse 434 about wife-beating
and you know it says pretty clearly that
you know first you should give her a
chance then forsake her in bed and then
strike her if she's still disobedient
yeah right so I'm like how do you
justify that and you know she went into
so much so much weird stuff saying that
well I don't I don't I don't even know I
can't put myself in the position
justifying that but she wasn't actually
you know taking the literal sense and
saying yes it so it says it's okay to
beat women there's always a denial
involved and always some sort of like
mental gymnastics in saying that it
doesn't actually say what it says clear
yeah so that means it's a different
interpretation right this is how they're
interpreting it to justify it to
themselves so when I talk about you know
the verses that talk about commanding
killing of apostates and slavery to you
know my family which is very very very
progressive
and secular they will of course not
discredit the whole book by hearing
these verses firstly a lot of them don't
even know that these verses exist I
learned a lot about the Koran after
leaving the religion yeah
which isn't surprising to me I'm glad
that I have I was raised Catholic very
Catholic I went to a Jesuit High School
Catholic grade school and I'm
extrapolating a little bit but I'm
willing to bet that a lot of religions
play up similarly in that you know no
two people generally worship in the same
way like you know churches in different
cities are going to be very different in
different regions are going to be
incredibly different even in the same
city two different churches can be quite
different from one another and this idea
that Christianity is the worshipping and
in any even from one Catholic to another
is going to be so radically different
that the idea that every single Muslim
is like this has memorized the Quran and
can recite every single verse and has
the same understanding as every other
you know it is in the same command and I
kind of figured just because just by
virtue of common sense I think there are
around three million Muslims in the
United States and I haven't heard of any
apostasy killings or anything going on
like I figured that people probably have
their own mental gymnastics estephe
occations for [ __ ] up [ __ ] in the
Quran the same way that Christians do
for [ __ ] up Shan the Old Testament you
know yeah so the reason the way I've
heard it justified a lot of times no no
that's not written for this time it was
for a time where people were at war and
things like that
now of course an extremists will take it
in the way that oh well the West is
still at war with Islam so we can
justify it or whoever criticizes Islam
is at war with Islam
so we'll justify killing this person but
the people who are peaceful will be like
no no no no no that's not what it says
at all and it was written for a whole
different values different their
relative yeah exactly I mean for me that
would just like discredit that this
religion stands the test of time and I'd
stop believing but some people you know
dunked and would rather make excuses to
say that there's only one single
interpretation 'silly and to deny Islam
apologetics all
together no I find oftentimes that
people went I think one of the most
frustrating pieces of rhetoric for me
and you might be more familiar with us
because I don't engage at all with like
with Imams or like the leading Islamist
critique or whatever so I'm not even
sure what it what it is in some
virus-like leading figures go
I hear this claim repeated often that
seems really stupid to me that Islam
needs to go through a reform like
Christianity did everything people say
that I'm not really sure what they mean
like because when you look at like the
Christian reformation this was hundreds
of years bloody and well in Christian
Christianity has come a long way in the
past you know 200 years and there wasn't
a major reform unless I missed a big
Vatican meeting or something I think
people mean it differently like you know
they wanted it to be watered down and
defamed like how Christianity was right
sure people seem to not understand that
like for Christianity this didn't
involve like a major reworking of the
Bible or there wasn't a big denounce men
of Christian beliefs like all the shitty
stuff in the Old Testament is still
there yeah technically sex before
marriage is still a sin in every version
of Christianity that I am aware of you
know we just kind of don't really pay
attention to those parts as much anymore
but that's what people want when they
say reform and and then it pisses me off
when people say that it's not possible
when it's happened like I mean there are
gay Muslims somehow they justify both
things to themselves being gay and also
being part of a religion that is very
anti-gay I don't know how and it doesn't
make sense to me and I but I've
interviewed people on my show Krita
Catholics do similar things I remember
the saying that we used to learn growing
up was hate the sin not the sinner would
be right I would say yeah but if you
want to actually water down the faith
and you have to empower voices like that
rather than [ __ ] on and pick on people
like that by saying oh you're not a true
Muslim you're not following the religion
well [ __ ] you you know so I find every
time I have like a nice progressive
Muslim on I get a lot of hate
male directed towards that person saying
they don't really represent Islam well
why are you leaving it up to the
extremists to represent it if you want
to actually water it down if you want to
weaken it then you have to I think prop
up voices that are not obeying it
literally yeah
there's gay mosque gay friendly mosques
now that would have been unheard of and
it's still very very rare don't get me
wrong of course there's so much work to
be done in terms of you know LGBT
tolerance in the Muslim world but there
is change happening to not recognize it
I think is unjust and I think you did a
good job at bringing up that pole where
I think Muslims were more tolerant of
homosexuality than evangelists in the
States so yeah sometimes I don't
understand what the movement the ex
Muslim movement wants because they seem
to be doing very counterproductive
things now there's another meme going
around Islam is worse than Nazism or you
know someone wants to talk about the old
riotous like oh the old you think the
alt-right is bad
Islam is worse it's like you can't have
any other [ __ ] conversation yeah and
everything is so one-dimensional like I
don't know again you're going back to my
own religious ring like I wouldn't even
stereotype Catholics like growing up
there is a huge difference in how
Catholics approached homosexuality where
some Catholic parishes in my little city
are very welcoming of homosexuality when
I say that I mean like if you're gay
they're not gonna kick you out whereas
other more extremist versions are white
anti-homosexuality and these are these
are the same type of this is like the
same denomination of Christianity even
differences in my city but when I talk
to people about Islam especially then
people are anti Islam oftentimes view it
as this monolith where every single
Muslim has like the same opinions it's
so frustrating to deal with that it's
very difficult yeah I'm not sure because
as soon as a conversation starts off
that way I have like a really hard time
like engaging at first
it's very frustrating especially for me
because I actually want to see progress
made on this conversation around Islam
