though hello can you hear me
yeah I just won't know that like cuz I
saw I was binge watching your debates
like from the past and I saw that when
one of your debates with your mom about
the Anton probe and yesterday my
question is that what issue do you have
but Eve right when he comes to
criticizing Colin Kaepernick's or
protests cuz if he has the right to
protest the right are also has the right
to criticize his protest do you have an
issue with that no I don't think I've
ever said in my entire life that the
right shouldn't be allowed to criticize
his protest I just think the criticisms
were really stupid but I well that's
your opinion I think that they also
think the capron export test is really
stupid
yeah we don't have real any of this wait
what's what about it so well I just want
to see if you had any issue with that
because I know that was like a really
hot topic I'm not sure that I know that
criticisms are really [ __ ] stupid
what do you mean oh I mean yeah I mean
you could make an argument for that but
bird people on the Left find that their
China stop Kaepernick's freedom of
speech which is not the case cuz no that
is the case when probably when the when
the sitting president was making
statements that seemed to be pressuring
the NFL into not allowing this types of
behavior that would be considered an
attack on freedom of speech is actually
there's a stature that makes that type
of specific thing illegal even but I
mean those are criticisms I'm aware of
but in terms of whatever the NFL wants
to do or other people being critical
like that's whatever I mean I guess my
understanding of freedom speech is that
the government can't arrest you for what
you say unless it's like unless you're
calling for violence
okay here anyone on the right calling
for a
Kapernick to get arrested well it wasn't
him getting access it it was Donald
Trump that was like
measuring private organizations to fire
somebody for political reasons which
seems not good
that's I mean what did he say exactly
did he say that you should be out of the
NFL no no no I gotta fire up and hold on
and we agreed that you don't have the
right to protest at your job no of
course not you're absolutely the right
to produce your dub NFL Donald Trump
blasts NFL anthem protesters quote
unquote get that son of a [ __ ] off the
field
I mean he's not he's not calling for him
to get like I'm I feel like you might
have to find um let's get back to like
the right to protest at your job I mean
can you imagine like you employ
employing someone and the person does
something that makes you lose money oh
right the logical thing to do is fire
him right um if they want to sure troll
NFL should fire anthem protest players
he called an NFL owner as many of which
he claimed were friends of his to
instantly fire players who protest or
kneel during the national anthem okay so
I don't agree with that at all I mean
okay I mean still of firing someone is
different from arresting them I guess
we're not talking about firing someone
we're talking about a politician
encouraging people to fire people I'm
pretty sure even in the u.s. it's
illegal but regardless of the illegality
of it it's just very uncomfortable that
the President of the United States
should be telling a private entity to
fire someone else when they're doing
things that are constitutionally
protected did Colin Kaepernick is out of
NFL because of that so um people argue
that he is but I don't know enough about
the NFL to really know if that's turn up
okay cuz I feel like it's due to just
the boycott and the backlash day Nicole
received okay yeah that's what he's not
eating
oh I mean that you kind of just restated
the same thing he's not in it because of
the kneeling thing right it's not in it
because maybe the company is working for
is losing money because of that you have
the right to protest
okay yeah sure if that the newing was a
good like strategy to get his message
across
yeah we're talking about it now right
we're not talking about like police work
tele we're talking about the whole
conversation kind of change to police
brutality to shriti Neil City not Neil
is that right - Neil no I know one I
guarantee you half of the people don't
even know why is protesting so him I
think is really it was really stupid of
him to do it because I mean I feel like
a lot of people know why he was parents
are saying I don't know if we gif I'm
pulling dinner original most people know
why but the conversation about how you
should protest or how black people
should be allowed to protest in the
United States that's a valuable
conversation to have as well because
white people generally get really
[ __ ] mad whenever black people find
ways to protest I mean Dave I don't dig
in Manistee I don't think that they're
saying that you shouldn't be allowed to
do it they're just saying he shouldn't
do it I think there's a difference yeah
there's a difference but that in this
case I don't think that difference
matters much there is a difference but I
don't think it matters here and I mean
like if you're getting mad at a guy
literally taking a knee during the
national anthem it kind of just sounds
like if you're white you really just
don't want black people ever protesting
in the United States I guess one of the
most harmless protests have ever seen in
my life but this some people just
disrespectful yeah that's what
protesting is I mean what do you mean I
mean technically even what you just said
is completely wrong because the
originally he was going to do something
different but he decided to kneel
because that was the respectful way to
do it so I mean like even that's not
true what you just said originally just
that during genome but then he started
you know yeah but yeah and uh but I
still think that oh it's it was really
stupid strategy because if you want to
get some if you want to get some laws
change you need as many as people on
your side you gotta convince people that
why you're right and while I a loss
should be changed so why would you do
something that would make half of the
country
what happened hello can you hear me yeah
I can hear you my other point I don't
again why would you do something you
want to convince people that what you're
if we follow your argument to its
logical extension what you're basically
saying is no person should ever protest
ever at all do you acknowledge that you
do disagree with that no I I never said
that do you agree that any form of
protest is going to make some group of
people not like you that by definition
when you protest things it's usually
because some side is an opposition to
you do you acknowledge that or no we'll
give me an example can you give me an
example of a protest or somebody's
protesting and one side doesn't dislike
the other okay well this is a protest
and you probably think this person is
stupid or crazy but look at what Kanye
West or Kim Kardashian did they want you
to keep the prison reform they want to
create the prison reform bill and I
don't know if it passed through the
Senate yet but they went to the White
House and they talked to the president
peacefully you don't know baktun first
of all that's not all Kanye West's done
Kanye West has done a [ __ ] on a
protesting via video interviews even via
tweets and view appearances on radio
programs secondly there's a [ __ ] ton of
people that hate Kanye West for the
protesting that he's done so these fail
on both points like [ __ ] even other
big rappers i think jay-z called him out
i think snoop dogg called out like what
do you mean and and tons of people as
well here so why what crania was that is
way more effective what way more
effective than what Kaepernick has done
okay but if I heard both of your points
earlier it was succeeded in getting
other people mad at him and it was a
public protest like both of the things
early you said you shouldn't do he did
why is it right now I'm Chinese I'm
asking you if Kaepernick's protest was
effective
yeah I think it brought a lot of
awareness to the issue a lot more than
what was there before I got the whole
country got the whole world talking
about it yeah they were talking about
the ant important we're talking about
the reason why is all things are worth
talking about I think how can you
protest effectively as a black person
the United States and then bringing
issues to the things that he was
protesting
do you agree what Konya did was more
affected than Kaepernick not necessarily
no I mean I don't know it's hard to say
that like what's more effectively do you
know well do you know if the the prison
reform bill was passed I don't know how
much excellence Kanye West had on that
piece of legislation I mean he went to
the White House and he talked about how
he went to the White House and he
rambled like a manic person for 30
minutes and said absolutely nothing of
value did you watch it I watched it it
was the ramblings of a man who was
insane I know that's why I said you
might think he's crazy but he is
something that I noticed during his
visit to the White House was that he
said that up top stop and frisk and one
of the reporters said Donald Trump is
for it and Donald Trump said that you
know I'm open to change my mind
that's just just that saying he's open
to change his mind is more more
effective than a Kapernick melee during
the national anthem and he started
something like how about being open to
changing his mind about a border wall
that kept the government shutdown for
over a month seems like he's not very
open to having his mind changed did he
just real kind of today yeah after we
had gone on 50 percent longer than the
longest shutdown in recorded history
but eventually happen and uh this I
think they just opened the was to get
the e like your that's how you're gonna
brush that off as my saying well at
least it eventually happened
no I'm saying day I'm just like let's
get back to what Kanye was this is
Kaepernick okay
so Kanye was went to the White House was
rambling like a crazy man
by the way daily but close the meeting
to okay
he did a lot of it publicly as well yeah
he did more for the black community then
Kaepernick
he wanted a present he did more for the
black community that Colin Kaepernick I
thought black community seems to
disagree because a [ __ ] ton of the black
community seems everything yeah I guess
there were signal they don't I feel like
a lot of people don't really want change
okay like to say yeah I mean come on
hey it was like one of the biggest
issues in the black community was a like
prison sentences of like first there is
something like that way time till I'm
just curious or you do you still go to
school or how old are you I'm tiny [ __ ]
I hurt okay well I don't remember the
question was what was it I'm just making
the point that carnie list has done more
for the black community dying Kaepernick
and why do you say that again
did you talk to the president
yeah he talked about stopping a
stop-and-frisk
we talked about prison reform what has
kept Anita brought attention to the
black lives matter movement
[Music]
how does that how does that do it by
getting everybody to notice and talk
about it again they're talking about the
kneeling they're not talking about the
main thing both conversation points are
worth having I disagree with I mean yeah
it's what you don't think it's worth
talking about how black people should be
allowed to protest in the United States
that wasn't his main goal it wasn't
always what it turned into because white
people got so [ __ ] mad at a black
person protesting well you know they
feel like they both use the social
standing they had yeah and they have to
write two times
wait why have the right to voice their
concerns no one is talking about the
right to voice their concerns why do you
keep thinking that when I say people are
stupid I think that they should have
their rights to voice their concerns
taken away I'm not saying that it's like
a really weird what's the issue my issue
is that their arguments are [ __ ]
stupid I'm not talking about taking
anyone so first my writer I'm just
saying what they're saying is really
[ __ ] dumb I mean I personally don't
really care daddy kneels and I think
that he should kneel I mean he should
his has the right to protest but I don't
think he has the right to protest Oh
what if I I don't think he has the right
to protest job you don't have the right
to do that approach you could do that in
your own time whenever you want but just
like a football game I might not want to
see that and if he continues to do it
well I'm not personally not me but I see
why people boycott the NFL and I see why
I never lost money and I see why he's no
longer in the NFL okay all right any
other final points
if you don't agree with anything I just
said no it's someone uh that's really
really really dumb I think that's too
much we gonna have to cover so much
ground to have this conversation I'd
rather just kill myself what do I match
every single said look I feel like I
made bunch of logical yeah I know and I
don't know if it's because we've either
disagree on reality or because your
logic is broken I don't honestly I'm too
lazy to go through and figure out the
problems or you know what actually [ __ ]
it let's do it
okay yeah sure one thing at a time
why shouldn't you be allowed to protest
[ __ ] it's Tommy why though cuz you might
cost your company money and you're not
there to process where should you be
allowed to protest them you should be
allowed to protest uh if I guess in
America I don't know that was I where
should I be allowed to protest permit
and protest wherever he wants but not at
your job no should you be allowed to go
on strike - you should I mean sure
right yeah okay what if you go on strike
and you produce outside of your work in
a public area do you think that should
be okay yeah it should be yeah I'm okay
with that okay what if you protest at
your job and you want to produce it your
job but your employer has the right to
fire you if they do
isn't that what just happened yeah I'm
asking if this should be okay should be
okay to protest at your job if they want
to fire you for it they can do that okay
so then what's your problem with what
Kaepernick did problem with what
Kaepernick sometimes of what he should
be allowed to do it seems like he did
what he was allowed to do if the NFL
wanted to fire him they could have but
they didn't so it seems like everything
was fine right my problem is first of
all argument is his protest was
ineffective okay but you haven't even
made that argument the only art the only
argument you've made was that Kanye was
more effective than him which I'm not
necessarily sure it's true but even if
it was true he saw an argue that his
part
and effective it was ineffective because
you didn't get people on your side you
have to get the point of protesting is
to make people aware of your situation
and get people on your side okay the
fact that there is international
conversation about Kapernick I would
argue got a lot more eyes on that issue
than where it have ever been on it
before I don't know how you can possibly
the fact that we're talking about it
right now seems to be evidence of that
well the argument wasn't about police
brutality it was about some of it was I
mean there were people argue about the
protest too but I mean like that could
be just as important black people are
never able to protest in this country
without people getting upset about it
maybe that has to be solved before any
other issue can can stop but I mean I'm
pretty sure there been some districts
have switched to body cams and [ __ ] as a
result of a lot of the BLM protests and
and I mean a lot of its hi good oh I
know I mean yeah I just want to like I
mean some things have changed around the
country as a result of the eyes being
brought to the BLM issue and then being
able to talk about who should be a lot
of protest where I think is a really
good conversation have as well maybe
even more important so yes that's just
like the two points I wanted to make I
just want to say he has a right to
protest and people have the right to
criticize this protest and I think his
word says was ineffective yeah no one
has ever said people don't have the
right to criticize his protest I've
never heard anyone say that before in my
entire life well I thought that you had
a issue with people oh yeah but I don't
think that should be illegal they're
allowed to criticize him and I'm allowed
to criticize the people that criticize
him right but I also could criticize
those people criticize ya the note
literally no one is arguing against us
everyone has the right to criticize
everyone else right yeah yeah and no
one's calling for Kaepernick to be
jailed no one said that but people were
calling for him to be fired the
President of the United States was okay
and uh yeah this is you don't have a you
don't think that's scary that the
President of the United States can call
for private companies to fire other
employees because of a protest I don't
think that's kind of scary especially
when it's related to freedom of speech
stuff I don't agree with what he said
okay well then we're on the same side
then and that's a huge problem that
Trump did it okay okay but okay so but
we really that he shouldn't have the
president's you're gonna have called for
a Copernican be fired mm-hmm he's a lot
to protest but we disagree that where he
should be able to protest
I mean people should use whatever
positions they have in order to do their
protesting I mean Kanye West is the same
thing I mean Kanye West protests in his
[ __ ] music Kanye West protests on all
of his social media platforms and his
public appearances like I mean and then
Kaepernick did it in the NFL where he
was biggest like both people protest in
pretty similar ways okay and but do you
think if Kaepernick was invited to the
White House he should go huh um I mean
it's up to him there's a lot to think
about there hey and uh B I still like
why wouldn't you go I feel like if
you're maybe if you go you feel like
it's it's showing approval for the
administration or maybe if you go it
feels like you're stepping out and and
causing peace with a sigh that you still
want to rectify an issue I mean I don't
know there could be a lot of reasons why
you would want to go whoa what would you
what would that matter if you care about
your community and knowing that going
there you will you will care about your
community and you want to fix a problem
but by going to the White House it feels
like you're showing solidarity with them
and it makes it feel like the problem in
a fix so you're not actually helping
your community by doing it no I don't
think that's what happened when you went
to the White House I need a day not lets
you do you want to talk about the prison
reform bill do you think it was a is a
good step I'm Thomas to god I don't know
that much about it but I haven't heard
Kanye West trying to push any ledgers or
whatever into some legislation I don't
know what Kanye West had to do the
prison reform bill day it was it was due
to Kim Kardashian and
mining in khloe kardashian and kanye
west have a reason why prison reform got
passed as i do start the conversation uh
and usually stuff like that aren't on
like they don't really care even if that
was true what does that have to do with
Kapernick like maybe they were more
successful because they were aiming at a
smaller issue or maybe they were more
successful because they had more money
or whatever i mean does that have to do
a Kapernick date this is like two types
of uh well I mean Colin Kaepernick has a
lot of money so I don't think money has
any issue but well I heard action with
like over like hundred like hundreds of
millions of dollars I don't know if
Kaepernick wants a meeting at the White
House or he wants a meeting with not the
White House but any other policies you
could probably get it
Kardashian is worth over 300 million and
so Kaepernick just I think he got $100
do book deal recently and he was on a
deal
advertising time I thought he probably
got a love for that too the money is not
the issue is that way
well no money is pretty important
because it a lot in terms of the funding
campaign somewhat not here the to I
don't think it's an issue and yeah I
just don't think is the protest was
affecting okay yeah alright well hey
listen I love you I appreciate the
conversation buddy okay okay all right
well bye-bye
