all right Chia urine what's up hi hi so
questions kind of relating till it more
like philosophical you would still have
a nominal state wait one sec sign okay
okay so I go for it so I guess what's
your general stance on the I on the big
debate over a killing versus letting die
do you think like these are morally
distinct concepts
yeah for sure are you familiar with
James Rachel's baby in the bathtub
thought experiment no but you're gonna
tell me so the idea is there's two
people Smith and Jones so uh Smith he
wants to kill his baby cousin to get in
in arrogance and so he does this by
basically drowning his cousin in the
bathtub so now in the other case with
Jones he also wants to get an
inheritance from his baby cousin so he
goes to the bathtub to drown him but he
sees that the baby is already drowning
so this decides not to do anything and
to let the baby die right there okay so
in this case the motives are the same
the space are the same the outcomes are
the same uh what's really the moral this
difference in this this is kind of hard
for me because I'm not like I don't
really believe in like I'm not like
dance logical at all and we're kind of
talking about like the act of self but I
mean like I would argue that there is a
significant difference between like the
doing harm versus allowing harm I think
that there is a difference here morally
although I guess I kinda where'd that
come from
I I mean like well I mean one is the act
itself of murdering somebody any other
one is the act of watching somebody
dying I guess that you could intervene
in the rightness but I guess if it's
like trivially easy to intervene and
save the person like how is that like
you're taking an action right yeah so
like that so what you're saying yeah so
what you're saying it being trivially
easy to intervene and save somebody I
think that that in and of itself could
be a wrong I just think it's a different
type of wrong so like for instance let's
say that I walk to a swimming pool and I
see that somebody is like drowning and I
could
just like in its in a three feet section
I could step in and save the person
right I think that it would be morally
wrong for me not to if I were to believe
in like a more rhetoric I would say like
it's probably wrong for me not to step
in and save this person but if I don't I
don't think that's the same type of
wrong as actually murdering the person
like actually pushing somebody end of
the pole and watching them drown I guess
what the is there a difference just
beyond the cost of bathing yeah I mean I
would argue that one is like a really
bad action and the other is kind of like
a bad like inaction I guess but but I
mean I still would think these are two
distinct different things but I guess
like kind of going down to your tea or
more like fundamental sources of ethics
right I my understanding is you're sort
of an egoist but your mentality is that
if I take an action that is universally
applied will it benefit me or it sure
yeah I mean I would argue that you
should always save a person if you have
the means to do so it's pretty easy and
it's like minimal risk there like if
somebody is like drowning in a bathtub
or some [ __ ] and you come and you see it
you think you should definitely do
something to save that person yeah for
sure so in like in that case when I'm
looking at I'm sorry I'm trying to work
within the balance of what you were
saying but for me personally right like
I think that if you walk into like a
room and you see like a baby drowning in
a bathtub
versus like you drowning a baby in a
bathtub I would argue that these two
things are pretty similar are pretty
similar there is still like a
distinction but it's almost trivial sure
but but it's not like do you think it's
like meaningful of for moral purposes I
mean like I I think that if you believed
in like in morality in terms of like if
actions can be good or bad or right or
wrong I think there's a much more
meaningful distinction but for me that
that's I guess more kind of like
consequential asleep oriented I mean
like I would argue that the difference
is pretty trivial I would say the only
thing that I have that when I look for
something right when I think of outcomes
the thing that I would look for is like
predictor of future behavior so like
somebody that's willing to let somebody
drown is probably not as big a harm on
society as somebody that would literally
go around drowning people for their own
benefit I guess if that makes sense yeah
I guess the the thing is though like
it's very hard to just gauge motive as
an outsider right I think important
whole thing yeah the more useful thing
is to see what could the person have
done and what could they have known in
the situation and then what they did and
then I feel that gives patient or
well-liked so do you think that every
person that like watches somebody drown
is the same type of person that could
also drown another person depends on how
easy it is to save the person who's
drowning so let's say like I was kind of
like buy a swimming pool right and I
didn't I wasn't very confident in my
sweat in my swimming abilities
I might hesitate to save somebody
because I'm not completely sure you know
yeah I don't know nothing about there's
no risk to like they nose reports I'm
like let's say somebody's walking by and
they see somebody drowning in a pool
that would no risk themselves I got
otherwise very easily intervened on
behalf of and save do you think that a
person that chooses not to do this is
also has like a very high likelihood of
going out to drown people ah I guess
like I think they are pretty similar
cases I guess like it seems the only
reason why that person might not drown
somebody is because like it would be
easier to get cost drowning somebody or
is like they might perceive there's a
greater punishment but I think just like
really see a difference in the cases in
the case that I mentioned with where
there's a baby in the bathtub right like
I imagine like oh you would still hold
the person responsible for the death and
either hey I I wouldn't hold him but not
not as like a murderer I don't think
maybe it's somebody that should have
done like a minimum level of like
intervention but no I don't think I
would hold that person accountable as a
murder I think these are two pretty
distinct things but I guess is it a
meaningful it like I feel like yeah I do
think it's meaningful a distinct maybe
not like purely from like a like an
outcome point of view it's not
meaningfully two strength but in terms
of like punishing like are well like
even from like I think even from like a
consequentialist or day into logical
outcome I think that it's like pretty
different like dance illogically if I
was looking at the act itself like
letting somebody die versus killing
somebody I think
like just by virtue of both acts are
like hugely distinctive like and then
from an outcome oriented view I don't
believe that a person who is willing to
let somebody drown isn't necessarily the
same type of person who would drown
somebody I do think there's a lot of
distinction between these two things
even if like intention and everything
line up well I mean it's kind of
different if you say like in one outcome
like a guy was like had the intention of
going into the bathroom to drown a kid
cuz then you're implying that like he
would do it anyway and in that case it
probably but I don't think for most
people it allow harm to happen I don't
think necessarily capable of doing harm
gun I guess it just seems that like they
said like motivation is really difficult
to see I get that like from a practical
perspective it's difficult to implement
a law that punishes not acting right I
mean also prove that they could have
acted in a court of law or that like
they had no other maybe I don't know
buddy do you mind that this really boils
down to whether possible actions you
could have taken in the situation sure
I'm curious would eat Marty do you wanna
take a side with us what's your thought
on this you hear me I can hear you now
your made it before okay I was just
making sure I'm actually coming into
your in type conversation so you'd have
to be the picture look I can't your
plank is cutting in and out hello hold
on are you in your [ __ ] car what the
[ __ ] is wrong with you
it's a doing versus oh yeah doing versus
allowing harm do you think these are
morally distinct or do you think these
are like one of the same yeah of course
this case they're locking in terms
that's it we're we're there to say now
why would you say that this thing well
one involved one of them all through the
mission wait hold on do you have a
microphone that doesn't sound like
literal [ __ ] aids in a tunnel
or your like voice like super echoey
okay you have ten seconds did you have
another question
cheer was this the main thing you wanted
to talk about but there was another
topic I was kind of interested in
discussing and that has more to do with
like rational self-interest and decision
theory would you like to kind of move to
that topic or do you want to continue
exploring the ethics now if I can we'll
stick to this for now because I know it
sounds like a long conversation to have
to get through a lot of people yeah yeah
so at least it seems to me that in both
cases you're still doing an action right
it's just that in the case of letting
somebody die there's more possible
actions that could be different number
of possible actions that could result in
the person being saved versus if you are
killing the person there's a different
number of possible actions that's the
result of the person do you say that
does that make sense
yeah I mean I can't understand all right
take it away my to you the resident
philosopher well I mean yeah okay I'll
try to take it away no I mean but I but
I don't know if I would have said
anything other than what you said
earlier destiny because I don't really
disagree there's at least a conceptual
difference between admitting a certain
type of action in the situation where
you know like something's about to occur
and you could stop it but you choose not
to and then actively going at that
trying to you know destroy or kill
people
uh-huh I don't see how a person could
just like say that these aren't the
stinked now you could say like that
they're similar in the sense that both
are evoke in a certain sense of
responsibility and moral compulsion of
the agent to do something but that
doesn't seem very controversial to me I
think God I'm not really sure why there
would be a disagreement between you two
alright hand actually so I guess it just
doesn't seem like a very morally
meaningful distinction right because
it's still resulting in a similar kind
of outcome and it's still the it's
clearly not a question of cost in a lot
of these cases right
so the idea I'm sort of going for here
is like there are some positive
obligations that are yeah but I don't
think Destiny's gonna disagree with that
I mean are we would heed this I mean you
guys aren't disagreeing that there's no
so like I would say like I agree that we
probably like I think in society if you
see somebody that is like in trouble
that you can help I think you have some
sort of social obligation to help that
person assuming obviously that it
doesn't come at great cost to yourself
or whatever I just think that there's a
difference between not helping like
let's say I decided not to help them I
would say that's wrong but I would say
that's a different type of wrong than
actually going out and murdering someone
that these are different types of wrongs
don't ever say oh sure I guess even why
I kind of stood in discussing this topic
with you was there was a I believe a few
months ago you had kind of a contentious
argument with a lot of your followers I
think it has to do with some guy a
prominent twitch streamer who had like a
woman over at his hotel and then the
thing was like Jing to hook up but she
decided not to and then as a result he
cancelled her he kicked her out of the
hotel and cancelled for plane ticket
arrangements so kind of the points you
made is that it doesn't seem like he had
a clear moral obligation to kind of
either provide lodging or like a plane
ticket to leave sure yeah if it seems
that like you know like a lack of action
or like a negative action in this case
can still cause harm and it can still be
like lightning phooey yeah I understand
you're getting it it seems like what our
problem is our miscommunication over
it's like I do agree that so like
allowing harm and doing harm are both
bad I agree with that both of those are
bad but just because both of those are
bad
I don't believe both of those are the
same I think that's like the central
thing that we're not or we're not seeing
eye to eye on yeah it doesn't even seem
like he goes a really disagreeing yeah
there's of course like content you have
to assess in terms of like establishing
whether this is good or bad right and
that content is going to depend on
you know distinctions like the one that
you just brought out so it's like as
long as you universally agree that you
have an ethical obligation the scenarios
that you mentioned earlier between
saving someone and then incidentally
also not murdering someone since these
are both obviously ethical implications
and certain things that one doesn't want
to and doesn't and does want to do I
don't really see the disagreement sure I
guess I think we agree as long as like I
guess like both somebody and letting
somebody die are like moral are not
morally permissible yeah well yeah I
mean I'd say both of them are bad both
of these are not good things they're bad
things I just don't think that the same
thing okay I guess if I talked about the
other topics in terms of like rational
choices I'm going around yeah oh I know
like go a big part of your belief is
that uh or a big part of kind of your
philosophy is that you want to do stuff
that sort will rationally benefit
yourself or will kind of like further
your own goals or utility right sure so
the how do you how would you sort of
deal with cases where self-interest or
self-interest is really conditional on
other people's actions can you give an
example of that
oh sure are you familiar with the
prisoner's dilemma problem in okay so
what's sort of your stance on the on the
rational choice the problem is like
prisoner's dilemma like it doesn't
really play out as simply as it does in
the thought experiment of real life but
I mean like in real life you have kind
of like even the concept of like tit for
tat I'm sorry what'd you say hello
hello oh yeah hear what that wait I'm
sorry you might keeps cutting out are
you close enough right use push-to-talk
okay are you also asking how you feel
maybe the concept of tit for tat I guess
I am okay yeah so like I mean like in
real life I mean like I would probably
initially cooperate with somebody
assuming that I thought they were gonna
cooperate with me but if it seems like
that's not the case then I wouldn't say
[ __ ] it right so like a real-life
example of this might be like like in
like business dealings when I associate
with people like I usually try to get
people to benefit of the doubt and act
like as reasonable as I can but if I
think that everybody's [ __ ] everybody
then I'll [ __ ] everybody too so like
that's why I'm like part of collab DRM
for instance like I claimed random shown
on YouTube if I can get money off of it
cuz people do the same [ __ ] [ __ ] to
me and there's no reason for me not to
know okay cool
so I there is that like if everybody
else followed a similar strategy then it
would generally lead to cooperation and
if they don't then you can at least I
cut your losses sure yeah
thoughts on the on the new comes paradox
if you're familiar with that from no
idea what that is the idea with that is
there are two boxes that are presented
in front of you so one of them is
guaranteed to contain one thousand
dollars and then the other it may either
contain nothing or it may contain a
million dollars all right the contents
of the second box they have been decided
by this predictor who's standing in
front of you who can predict human
behavior with some let's just say like a
99% accuracy right so the predictor has
said and he's already filled the boxes
but he said that you have the choice
between choosing both boxes or just the
second box it's the second box you'll
put $1,000,000 inside of it and if you
picked both boxes you'll put nothing
inside of it the issue here is that
there's two ways to look at the problem
in terms of what the rational decision
is so since the box has already been
filled
you would think thinking picking both
boxes would strictly be better than just
taking the second box because no matter
what the second box has inside of it so
they're always going to have more than
right but then the question is since the
predictor is incredibly accurate with
his prediction if you were to take both
boxes chances are the second box would
have nothing inside of it whereas if you
were to only pick the second box chances
are it would have a million dollars
that's it okay I don't I I don't know
what the correct answer is I don't you
think about this for a long time but I'm
sure there's like already written
solutions to this no or it's been
written that there are no solution well
I guess it's sort of it's still
considered like a paradox and being
theory I think or it's still like hotly
debated oh well then I mean I probably
don't have anything useful add to it
okay I guess like kind of what I was
getting at there is like when you
usually try to decide what's in your
self-interest more like how do you sort
of gauge the thick like how the
variables are going to be with any given
choice you make especially if they're
highly conditional on other people's
actions can you give me like a
real-world example of this or well I
guess like hmm I guess that paradox I'm
not I can't think of any clear
real-world examples right now but the
prisoner's dilemma like does have a lot
of big one for you you already answered
that yeah and the person who stole me
you practice tit for tat systems
basically so ideally you would cooperate
with somebody until they [ __ ] you over
and then you would either cooperate a
little bit more and see if they [ __ ] you
over again or you would just go to
[ __ ] them over so you [ __ ] each other
over alright well I guess we kind of
covered some of the topics I was pretty
interested in keep your time cool all
right well hey thanks a lot I appreciate
the conversations funny yeah thanks
have a nice one yep
[Music]
