[ __ ] I'm a doctor [ __ ] you a compose 27
oh god this guy makes me wanna kill
myself almost as much as my commie fans
do oh [ __ ] this guy is so dumb okay
alright Gary here's your react video for
my youtube channel let me get my [ __ ]
Soylent [ __ ] me before we embark on this
[ __ ] quest of cancer well this video
is probably going to get me blacklisted
from the entire games industry but who
would want to be a part of that mess
anyway apex legends is off to a meteoric
rise reaching tens of millions of
players likely by the end of February it
is by all measurements a resounding
success for respawn any a this fall and
I can't nevermind I do have to meet you
guys I'm sorry
don't don't donate while I watch this
okay video is not about the game at all
in fact I've done an entire review of
Apex legends and I'm gonna leave it in
the pin comment below I think is a fair
and bias review oh you're right red
light means no subs there hold on
don't sub wait which one is red there no
subs and that review of the game its
gameplay had nothing to do with this
separating sea politics from video games
is actually not that hard what we have
he says as he literally makes an
identity politics video about politics
and video games separating it is hard
though by the way or not her okay dude
legends being awarded by me the walkest
video game of all time that's right 25%
of the roster is LGBTQ and the games
activist community loves that fact and
they are using it to market and I have a
lot of thoughts on this whole situation
on how the games industry abuses fake
locusts to get free cliques and they
don't really care about inclusion at all
they care about getting free cliques
apex legends having this
over-representation and that's exactly
what it is of an LGBTQ community is
about cliques it is not about inclusion
that's
a facade in representation in video
games is irrelevant
it doesn't really sell copies it sells
tweets it's a marketing that's quite the
claim so the thesis of this video is
that whatever is it EA that made apex
learners on another studio actually
doesn't give a [ __ ] about inclusiveness
he's going to go in to prove in this
video that they're actually don't care
about inclusiveness they just want to
clicks now we're gonna ignore the fact
that respawn okay we're gonna ignore the
fact that he doesn't even say why that's
bad because technically let's say
somebody's like okay yeah we're gonna do
this because it gets us more money maybe
he's a socialist he might be
anti-capitalist right we will work we'll
skip past the whole fact that you didn't
even say that that's necessarily a bad
thing that these people are appealing to
more people because they want to make
more money like okay it's not a problem
we'll ignore that let's see if we can
actually prove this point I'm curious
I mean tactic if we look at the
nitty-gritty if you want me to get real
here on a Friday I don't think that it
was a mistake that when you look at the
legends roster and you have a non-binary
character AJ pacific-islander a black
female with pink hair a robot
that's a gender or something like that
you have a female okay you cannot in one
breath tell me that leftist sjws get
triggered over everything and then on
ironically script out the phrase a
gender robot what the [ __ ] also I don't
know where he gets this information I'm
not saying he's wrong I had no [ __ ]
idea that these people are like non byte
are they saying this all this like voice
lines like if I was playing this
character like oh like oh man like I
feel non-binary today after that
headshot like how do you even know this
[ __ ] do you have to like read the war I
had no [ __ ] idea like Asians roster
and you have a non-binary character a
gay Pacific Islander a black female with
pink hair a robot that's a gender or
something like that you have a female
and another female and you have are like
oh that's like fun the same level like a
gender robot non-binary female another
female what again just going to put this
out there
the only outwardly straight white male
being fat and bearded also behind a
paywall I'm just saying that the only
kind of traditionally built characters
are both behind a paywall
that is genius because if I allow if you
allow me to put my walkout out and I
don't think like this so I'm going to do
the best that I can given when I play
this game I generally play a bloodhound
or rave or Pathfinder it really just
depends how I'm feeling that day I don't
care is there some enormous Lee small
percentage of people that care about
looking like their video game character
there must be I've had people write me
lengthy emails about how representation
in video games is a big deal to them so
I don't want to discount that but to be
clear it is an extraordinarily small
percentage of people but if
representation matters if people really
did care about that I don't really care
what the characters look like in video
games five seconds earlier a gender
robot then why do you think they would
put the most common body type behind a
paywall if if people want to play a
character that looks like them don't you
think it's awfully coincidental that
they put these characters behind a
paywall
just saying and that is of course what
I'm gonna lead into here with a lot of
this coverage coverage that of course
would be predictable and in almost every
case gets ratio respawn confirms that
25% of Apex legends roster is LGBTQ
whenever I'm interested in comes out and
whenever I game I'm interesting comes
out and the first thing I hear about is
a character sexual orientation then set
interest magically disappears and I
don't like that I have to qualify this
but I'm going to because things I say
and based on the industry if you speak
out against any forced inclusion associ
you must hate the gays obviously that's
not true I don't really care that
they're in the game I care that they're
being used to pander all right let's be
honest apex
we're restating our thesis again that
respawn doesn't actually care about
LGBTQ people they're just pandering I'm
sure we're gonna get to the point where
he has like this like there's probably
like some sick emails or some [ __ ] that
he's gonna leak with it like hey [ __ ]
the gays but let's put him in the game
right I can't wait for this like big
bomb he's gonna drop it's probably gonna
be the last half of the video okay guys
oh man
Legends doesn't have a story the idea
that a particular character is gay or
not is completely irrelevant
it is 100% marketing wonk it is one it
doesn't matter the sexuality of a
character a gender robot third percent
walking on the LGBT community to sell
copies of a game is that okay
how come nobody in the world community
ever points this out you never see a lot
of these blue checkmarks ever talking
about how the LGBT inclusion is just a
marketing method these days
going beyond all right if you had eight
characters again I don't really care but
I'm using the what is the third or
fourth I'm gonna lose like I really
don't care about I swear I don't care
what a gender robots
do females their inclusion logic the
best I can
having one in six characters be of this
persuasion would be an accurate
representation but they go all the way
to 25% I can't even imagine thinking
about what is one in six there's no like
eighteen point five I don't I don't
actually know they went from 17% to 25%
unbelievable unbelievable boy I've
wondered what life lines up to outside
this fictitious character outside this
fictitious game outside the storyline of
the game the idea that you would be
leaking or promoting this type of
content about a huge chunk of your your
roster being gay without actually having
to back it with any story mode is
obvious a gay baiting I don't know what
else you call it I mean the thing is
nobody's playing this game because the
characters are gay and nobody's not
playing it because of that I'm gonna say
nobody okay there might be a few people
that are really offended but there are
gonna be twenty million players in this
game by the end of the year and really
none of them care about this so let's
not give them all this price you have
websites apex Legends is a battle royale
for me stuff but we have good news about
the robot surprise it's about his
sexuality of course because that is all
these games journalists can write about
I mean there's no where are we talking
about you know the graphics the gameplay
and by the way it one of the most
underrated soundtracks in these games I
think it's about literally no one is
talking about the gameplay or anything
of Apex legends it's literally all about
who they are allegedly hooking up with
you
Ural is about lights like Kotaku writing
sadly it's sir what does he say urinal
ISM is this like a meme of his videos
there I'm out looks like Kotaku writing
sadly who they are allegedly hooking up
with you have your ilysm outlets like
Kotaku writing sadly it's surprising but
there are two black wommen in apex
legends two out of six by the way three
out of five characters that have a
gender are female just saying somehow
that hasn't managed doors dad's like
it's 2 out of 6 but actually if you
Looney the a gender people it's 3 out of
5 hurt the rapid growth of the game I
thought all gamers were bigots this apex
Legends success completely smashes any
notion that gamers are anything phobic
think about that 10 million players in
like 72 hours better than how can they
be racism in America when Obama was
black checkmate [ __ ] hey do you think
gamers are kind of like transphobic or
made me like [ __ ] on women a little bit
how can gamers hate women when apex
Legends is popular and three out of five
of the gendered characters in that game
are women
checkmate sjw one hundred seven hundred
thousand concurrent players none of them
care that the overwhelming majority of
them are either going to be play to be
playing with a woman even when he keeps
saying that none of these people care
and the top keep in mind he keeps saying
gamers don't care about this gamers
don't care about this gamers don't care
about this but the top line tweet that
he showed you know in response to this
legend keep said was a guy saying
whenever a game I'm interested in comes
out in the first thing I hear about is
the character sexual orientation then
said interest magically disappears I
like that that's very funny to me by the
way three out of five characters that
have a gender are female just saying
somehow that hasn't managed to hurt the
rapid growth of the game I thought all
gamers were bigots this apex Legends
success completely smashes any notion
that gamers are anything phobic think
about that
ten million players in like 72 hours or
something like that 600 700 thousand
concurrent players none of them care
that the overwhelming majority of them
are either going to be play to be
playing with a woman or a gay I don't
know if this matters but like what
maybe I shouldn't ignore like there's
like 50 million fallacious arguments
that are all being baked into here one
you assume that because the game is most
popular game people don't care about
gender or anything else it's possible
that more players could have played you
don't know that
had there been more straight white male
characters you don't know that one to
the fact that the sexuality and gender
whatever the characters has pushed very
far into the background means that maybe
these issues are important to some
people and they are bigoted but they
don't care because it's not like a story
game right three the fact that there is
no story mode that actually like front
loads these characteristics under
character makes them part of the story
part of the character a part of like
whatever they get any other person
really hard means they're people
could've been turned away for that
reason as well right like there's like a
million reasons where his his argument
isn't really supported by any of the
facts I I mean this is like obvious
obviously like it's almost not even
worth saying but like holy [ __ ] there
it's like but he utter ironically
believes it you know which yeah which he
even literally admitted himself that
like all of this stuff is found through
like tweets and backstory and [ __ ] you
don't actually see any of this in the
gameplay so but okay a man imagine that
we are all the articles talking about
the game community embracing a diverse
cast of characters it's because we don't
care the game community doesn't care
about this stuff
games journalists blue checkmarks who
use the gaming community to write about
social justice they are the only ones
that really care about this where all
the articles talk about how inclusive
the gaming committee is not right
because that would smash their narrative
that the gaming community is some sort
of disgusting filth fest of unwelcoming
people let's not let respawn and other
developing companies reap all these
benefits because they are just playing
in the crowd if they knew if they didn't
know that all these trans articles about
who these fictitious characters are
hooking up with in a fictitious world
outside of the game what happened I'm
not sure we'd see that's here they are
playing game journalists so either as a
game journalist you can continue to call
gamers unaccepting or you can write
articles praising us for welcoming such
a diverse cast of legends he says after
making a ten minute video claiming that
the only reason diversities in this game
is because they're just trying to bait
people with it they don't actually care
which was the thesis of his video which
by the way he didn't support with a
single [ __ ] statement in this entire
video this the whole premise of this
video was that respawn doesn't actually
care about being inclusive they're just
doing it to bait clicks and he didn't
actually support that statement a single
time four hundred forty six thousand
subscribers by the way
can't have it both ways hi everyone
truly enjoy apex legends it isn't my
type of game in this game I 100 hours
into but it's a game that is similar to
call of duty for example that I'll jump
out when I when I blow some steam I
prefer a story mode but what this really
does is this proof this proves beyond a
shadow of a doubt that gamers don't care
about their characters fictitious sexual
preferences or orientation consider this
me putting Kotaku and polygons and rock
paper shotgun I notice that the gaming
community will expect articles
retracting all the horrible things you
said about us I hope you enjoyed this
video have a great weekend played some
video game zombie jump into Tom Clancy's
division two Pringles Latinos pickle
edition beta private super VPN VIP
barring big late edition right after
this video playing all the weekends I'll
give you some initial thoughts hope you
enjoyed this video I'll talk to you on
real soon
what were the top comments now you're
not blacklist from the industry just the
games journalism but who cares about
them I must be the only one who doesn't
check the genders before I play might I
add the white fat bearded male is also
described with the word toxic ooh
the real sjw agenda agenda LGBTQ there
are more than two genders also LGBTQ we
have bisexual in our name and
double-a-c-p a calling someone colored
is racist but double-a-c-p we have
colored in our name this is just to woke
for me
[Music]
