hello hey hey what's up buddy I've never
done a call through discord before so
this is the first well here we are first
for everything
yes are we live can your audience hear
me yep loud and clear okay great awesome
so yeah I was at the Blessed rally in LA
and I think I was trimming the day after
in Hollywood and my community was like
oh you need to talk to you guys happy to
have a debate about politics and I'm
like whose destiny and uh so I did a not
a lot of research on you but you know
just to get a feel of who you are but
you know like I said my email like I
didn't want to do too much because I
like to go into things blindly and I
really have a full you know for
something you know casual like this I go
I don't want to come in my completely
prepared okay yeah it's not like a
hardcore like structure debate or ever
I'm just yeah yeah yeah so to start what
is Blakes it bullets it so Candace Owens
started an organization called Bloods it
which is the black and Latino exit where
she is championing the position of
having african-americans and Latinos
leave the Democratic Party okay yeah are
you Candace Owen unfortunately yeah
unfortunately you don't like it no I
[ __ ] hate her I think she's a
disgusting piece of [ __ ] human being but
I've known Candace before Kanye West put
her on the map we were I was having an
issue with Talib Kweli
and uh Talib called me a house Negro and
a [ __ ] and an Uncle Tom and all that and
Candice was one of the first people to
come up and defend me so I do have love
for her there and it was a couple weeks
after that will Kanye West shout at her
and now she's you know big-time uh-huh
if you want to call it big-time
I'm the talika nasheed guy
no no Talib Kweli a two-week Ozona
but Talib worked with Kanye I'm trying
to think of some songs that you might
know it's got old try call just to get
by which is probably the best track he's
ever done okay just dig it I don't know
if you've heard no nope but I'll take
your word for it okay I was making sure
I think I'm mixing him up with the is it
the tariq and Ishod guy who's like the
but it's not he's not that guy this is a
political commentator and I would put
him in the same vein as like Shaun White
for Shaun King like everything is about
race to him everything is he you know
strictly black and white you know he
likes to call people suspected or
supposed white supremacists anytime
anything seems to be a racial black and
white issue Tariq will comment and Tariq
will have the million plus followers you
know he'll SiC the mono and you know
people get dogs you know people get
threatened and uh but I understand the
game so well you know both on far left
and far right you know this really is
about politics and money you know these
people build their platforms and like
you know paid their mortgages by causing
division on the internet and do you
think that applies to the left and right
evil leave the left and right I mean
there's a lot of money to be made and if
you look what's happened since 2016
after you know the election you know
these small sites small bloggers small
youtubers like all these people have had
gang Buster type numbers and huge
success picking one side or the other
and just as Andy was saying a moment ago
before you while you were having coffee
you know he was saying that that's right
I remember you know some of that's fake
or not fake but you know people or get
so divisive and there's such this split
that you know neither side can really
get an edge way it's all about
confirmation bias you know either you're
on this side and anytime you're on a
side like for instance Tommy Lauren you
said that she was a pro-choice and
people like attacked her hard like what
do you mean you're on the right how
could you be hold 3.0 choice
or wasn't he attacked by mainly people
on the right wasn't that the whole deal
with yeah less I'm saying she could she
purports herself as someone who's a
right-wing figure here but she came out
and said that she was approached choices
and they're like whoa how could you say
that what do you mean you know and she's
like you know I'm a woman this is what I
believe but and that's part of the
problem is that there's no gray area
there's no one can have you know when
you pick a side or you know lean one
side everyone assumes that it's either
this or that either you're pro-abortion
or you know pro-choice either you
believe in trance rights to exist or you
know you want them all to like just baby
buried on the ground either you believe
in affirmative action or an
anti-abortion that that's a pretty big
Republican point isn't it like yes or no
I mean it depends on how you focus on it
and it pens on well I'll give you an
example yes I think a lot of Republicans
are staunch pro-life especially you know
for example ben shapiro like that is
something that he rails on but i think
that comes from a liberal is ideology
that he believes you know at conception
you are alive and anything to terminate
that is equivalent to murder
and I own this release coming I don't
personally feel that way be one I'm a
man so I don't you know Plus ain't got
[ __ ] to do with me
so until I'm put in that position I
don't really have a strong opinion one
way or the other
however I will say that while I do
in many ways support the efforts and the
mission of Planned Parenthood that a
woman can make whatever decision she
wants I hope she makes what is best for
her and her life whether that is keeping
it or giving away or aborting or adopt I
will say that I definitely have issues
with Planned Parenthood given the
statistics of who they give serves
what do you mean by that I'm African
well so are you aware of the inception
of Planned Parenthood and Margaret
Sanger's comments in the early days I've
heard some of these talking points
before do they really matter that much
though in a way well yes and no so in
today's aids not really yeah she's a
staunch racist yes she wanted to control
the african-american population and so
forth however that doesn't negate the
fact that the vast majority of people
that seek services especially abortion
services this one Planned Parenthood
just happened to be African American
women so when I look at my population as
with 13% of the population and like okay
why is it that the majority of people
they serve happen to be people of color
and is that because people of color are
not getting education on safe sex are
they quote unquote marketing in these
areas not and I'm not saying that
variously they're trying to lessen our
population or do something to you know
prevent us from reproducing but when you
see those numbers you know and you look
at every areas I'm like yo I want more
people to thrive I want us to you know
to grow and be fruitful and so forth yet
there's this organization that you know
hundreds of thousands of years hundreds
of thousand a year our potential
additions to my people that will never
get the chance do you think that it
would be positive for the black
community to have more children born out
of wedlock and out of families
absolutely not
absolutely not well what about those
children that are being aborted
contribute to that number then and then
therefore higher crime rates lower
income they would and say this is where
my dilemma comes in you know I look at
the numbers and I'm like mmm that's
that's not really cool however I know
what it's like you know what's that
dilemma
well the dilemma is whether or not a
woman should have access to abortion
know the limit is knowing the history of
Marta Persinger knowing the current
statistics of the services that Planned
Parenthood provides to African Americans
also believing in a woman's right to
choose and also knowing that a child
born out of wedlock is greatly you know
to serviced in life you know they it
will have a much harder time you know
being successful as well as the mother
so the dilemma is okay I know what it's
like I know that women especially
african-american women who choose to go
down this path will more than likely be
better served by choosing determinative
pregnancies so they can get their
education get the job so forth when
until they're ready but that doesn't you
know negate the fact that Planned
Parenthood is still primarily providing
abortions to people of color then that
goes back to well why aren't we being
yet educated why isn't that message
getting out there why is there not more
services or more accessed birth control
in these community is it just because
we're not using them because we just
don't care is you know this so there's
there's the dilemma I guess well no I
totally make sense I've heard this
argument laid out in excruciating detail
before I guess like my issue is it like
let's say somebody so to further expand
on kind of what you're saying the the
the broader conspiracy I'm not saying
you subscribe to all tenets of this but
the broader conspiracy is this idea that
Margaret Thatcher started out of this
woman that wanted to eliminate blacks
from society or severely curb their
ability to reproduce so Planned
Parenthood started I'm sorry I'm saying
wanted to eradicate black people and the
way to do that was through abortion and
so people look at the number of black
people that seek abortion services from
Planned Parenthood versus white people
and they go ah well look we can see that
there's a targeted effort to destroy
black people and kill black people and
to get rid of as many black babies as
possible and I think I I want to say
this is a Candis Owen talking point so
it wouldn't surprise me there's
something like we're murdering black
babies so quickly a blah blah blah
compared to white babies and it's like a
concerted effort but um if you really
thought that if you really thought why
are so many more black people having
abortions and white people why wouldn't
the thing be well maybe Planned
Parenthood needs to provide more
services to white people instead of
taking them away from black people
because it seems like in one breath will
complain about Planned Parenthood
supposedly targeting black communities
and all of this is like highly
conspiratorial right noise
cuz there's not like we know but there's
never evidence of this like no one is
like a tough lutely in that conspiracy
room I won't yeah but like it just seems
bracelet in one hand will always
complain and I'm sure without even
looking I know that Candace Owens is
probably surprised she's probably said
something like in the 60s the black
family was strong even under segregation
and today it's weak even without some
dumb [ __ ] like that because I'm sure
because a lot of yeah oh I'm sure that's
been said but like the question is like
if you're gonna focus so much on
families how can you rail on the
importance of families in one breath and
then in the next breath talk about
getting rid of Planned Parenthood
because too many black women are getting
abortions like these two things seem
diametrically opposed from one another
yes this is true but this really comes
back to why our fathers not stinking
around in the household and there's a
hundred and one reasons on why that may
or may not be but you can still address
that what keeping Planned Parenthood
around yes well I'm not advocating that
we close them down I'm not advocating
anywhere processed them or you know set
fire to them or anything of that matter
I'm just in one of those Arsenio Hall
type of things that make you say hmm
moments do you think that way when you
like see like the moon landing I'm like
I understand what you think is that it's
just it's highly conspiratorial to think
that there's like a concentrated effort
to eradicate black people via plan brand
that like that would require I'm not
necessary I'm not necessarily saying
there's a concentrated effort to
eradicate black people even though that
was Margaret Sanger's goal I'm not
saying that that is the current goal
today I absolutely believe that everyone
working for the organization of Planned
Parenthood absolutely wants to help and
do good and give women and men because
they provides for system in the best
options available to them at the time it
just so happens that Planned Parenthood
tend to set up shop in urban areas okay
and yeah I understand I've got - hi
there - really really important
questions on the first month not as
important so then do you disagree with
Kenneth Owens when she says we should
defund Planned Parenthood or do you
think it'd be a good idea to defund
Planned Parenthood you know I don't
understand why we fund them in the first
one because they provide health
community to people and it seems like
giving that
to women to those types of services is
really important I would think it is you
know was I mean there's hundreds of
thousands of you know clinics out there
that provide services you know Planned
Parenthood is just one that is quite
notable I don't there's possible provide
some services to women in regards to
that right you can get referrals to like
x-rays and ship or and I think they
provide mammograms and whatnot like they
do some like not like hospital stuff you
can't get like surgery there and this is
something that I have not done a lot of
research on because I just before the
for the broader concept of it all like I
just didn't really care getting into the
funds and everything but I'd have
wondered like wait why are we funding
them at all
you know I assume that you know they're
private entity you know they they have
their own policies and so forth they're
not like a state-run Hospital you know
so you know there's no reason why
private entities can't fund them forever
I don't understand whether the
government gets involved in that well
don't we publicly fund them because they
provide services to a lot of people that
wouldn't be able to afford it otherwise
yes we does a government state local
County give funds to do every clue I
don't know I don't know if there's like
a process that you go through to apply
for either approval to be used for like
Medicare Medicaid or if there's some
other way to get funds allocated to you
from the state we're either from local
governments or federal groans I'm sure
there are processes for medical places
to get those types of allocation is I
mean there must be range and this go I'm
getting at like you know if they're
gonna be private than be private
you know then figure out your funding on
your own and if you just want to do it
to find a wealthy billionaire out there
that wants to like dole you with money
but then great I got no problem with
that I'm just and then I don't know the
facts of it but like it's just a part of
me just says like wait why are we giving
the money anyway like this it is a
process there's every clinic out there
you know get
funding or state funding or county
funding local I'm not sure but it just
seems to me and also I think last year
they gave 40 million to lobbyists that's
a lot of money there's a lot of money
that could have been better sir well
yeah it is I thirty million dollars to
lobbyists is a ton of money and that
money could have been better served for
their patients so why are they you know
Capitol Hill lobbying you know whatever
it is are lobbying for why do they even
have to sure so I think that one of the
misunderstandings of this is it seems
like what we think is that Congress just
writes a check to Planned Parenthood and
then Planned Parenthood turns around and
they spend that money on lobbying I
don't think that's exactly how these
funds are allocated I think that's how
that works so for me but from somewhere
well sure but the way that you get that
money is for providing like care for
people namely like preventative care
right so for Planned Parenthood right
sixty percent of the federal funding
that they get okay it comes from things
like Medicaid and title 10 right like
that so these are people come into your
place they sign up for some sort of
preventive care some sort of I don't
know what else ad besides probably like
mammograms probably like maybe OB GYN
stuff I'm not 100 sir but then once they
get medical treatment like that then
they're reimbursed via Medicaid or you
know title ten and that's where their
money comes from they can't like take
that money and find a way to spend that
you know one lobbying right if they're
getting reimbursements from federal
insurance programs so I mean if they're
making money and in other ways I mean I
don't see the problem with them spending
it lobbying in the United States we've
kind of accepted that lobbying is like
an important thing that companies do
right we've defended that via oh my god
the name of that big Supreme Court case
which one the one that made is basically
the kind of made it so super PACs could
be created too much drinking okay I'm
looking at the 2017 total lobbying
expenditures hold on let's go 2016 it
looks like they spent about a million
per year lobbying it was kind of
scrolling 1.5 million spent in 2017 and
2018 1 million
I mean I quoted you might have been like
over a period of time but yeah I'm
looking at similar numbers right now and
there have tooth of 2016 nine hundred
eighty-five thousand seventeen million
five million for twenty eighteen million
one yeah I'm just saying that like in
terms of like federal funding to Planned
Parenthood it's not just an open check
that's written to them like most other
funding comes through Medicaid patients
basically people come in get some sort
of preventive care and then Planned
Parenthood is reimburse reimbursed via
Medicaid so when you talk about cutting
funding to Planned Parenthood you're
basically saying that somebody's
Medicaid would no longer work there so
they would either not get those medical
services it's on the case in preventive
care they'd either be more likely to
develop some bad disease were not be
able to get an abortion which would lead
to more broken families which would lead
to people like Canada so and getting
even more upset you know and you know I
have no desire to you know throw
somebody out and say that you can't get
services especially if you know they
need a mammogram or a good pap smear or
whatever you know health services that
they desire I'm just a little mmm it's
the word I'm looking for
I don't know suspect really brings it
out and I think this is less of an
argument you know when I bring up these
type of issues it's less an argument for
its Planned Parenthood and more argument
towards the black community as a whole
I'm kind of curious why are why are we
why are we not getting the message why
are we not seeing similar numbers in
other community yeah I'm kind of curious
first I got you good well I was gonna
say my second big question was I'm kind
of curious what do you feel about like
voter ID laws in North Carolina yeah
that's the kind of specific case I go to
but in general how do you feel about
voter ID laws in the United I have no
problem I already lost cause I don't
know anybody anywhere in my years of
living on this planet isn't it not have
access to identification gotcha unless
there's something totally extraneous and
unreasonable I have no
problems showing my ID some and I don't
know anybody regardless of their age
regardless of how elderly they are that
do not have access and I don't know who
did the video you might have seen it in
the past there was a blogger that went
around and asked people he asked a group
of white people if he thought voter ID
laws were racist and all the white
people said oh of course the racist
thing asks why oh well because you know
African Americans you know don't know
how to get to to the DMV and they don't
they usually don't have identification
because they're poor and then he goes to
New York around nothing black people
every single one of them like yeah I
know where the DMV is at I know where to
get my ID I got it on me right now
mmm of all variety of Ages and it was
one of those things that and I'm just
gonna say it some some white folks just
think we're stupid I'm now er incapable
of doing for ourselves so like I don't
know I've yet to me person a sane person
that didn't it wasn't like really
serious into like one form of the other
of like political ideologies that had
any problem showing their IDs when going
to vote do you think it's so the strange
thing to me here is I'm trying to look
at these two situations so for Planned
Parenthood we don't really have any
evidence today that Planned Parenthood
is targeting black communities or that
black communities are being singled out
for abortions but for some reason we're
kind of harboring this weird suspicion
of them that maybe there's something
going on under the scenes here we have
no evidence of this whatsoever
but when it comes to voter ID yeah yeah
but when it comes to voter ID we have
multiple examples of Republican state
legislatures that are explicitly trying
to prevent black people from voting but
we're not suspecting any type of racial
intent here why can we do it with
Planned Parenthood but not for like
racial ID laws or voter ID laws it seems
like it would be so much more obvious in
the ladder and not the former but for
some reason we're willing to give so
much credit to Republicans in the ladder
and absolutely none for Planned
Parenthood in the former Republican
gerrymander redrawn district lines that
better pay for them to exclude certain
populations and certain demographics to
better their chances for winning an
election I don't think that's [ __ ]
the fact they're going to be something a
federal law that says like you can't
read your your district
like every other year like maybe every
ten years or so but like that's that's
BS however when it comes to voter ID
laws you know I and here's where the
conspiracy comes in again huh I believe
that the left only fights so hard to
make it absolutely you know as easy as
breathing air to vote because they
understand that the likelihood of those
who are either not here legally or
either not for well you know for federal
reasons you know because their ex felons
are so they want to lacks these laws to
better their chances at winning so if we
really think that if we're gonna go down
again we're going down another
conspiratorial route to kind of justify
our kind of edge belief here when we
have to find evidence somewhere I see
evidence somewhere of all this illegal
voting taking place there's some a lot
I will definitely concede that there is
not like some huge swaths of illegals
voting you know every year they'll find
one County here one county there they'll
find boxes that were never counted but
it's not like some wide wing wide spread
conspiracy yes but but then this every
year we'll see a county somewhere where
you know they'll challenge it through
the courts the courts will refuse to
hear it there'll be blatant evidence
people will ignore it I mean it's not
really no or these normally got thrown
out wait what do you mean what happened
a four-day during the Bush endure that
was really controversial and that was
thrown out by the Supreme Court I'm
actually I would have to go back I'm not
actually sure why that was thrown out
but um yeah but a lot of people say that
that election got changed literally
because of the Supreme Court their
[ __ ] actually read up on why they
threw that case I don't understand yeah
I don't I don't think anybody who's an
American black white whatever you are I
just don't see how anybody has a problem
with showing your identification to vote
get on the harder for certain groups of
people to get an ID card any people who
are of citizens yeah
I didn't know I you I'm sure you could
find me an edge case I'm someone who's
disabled and elderly physically can what
about somebody who just doesn't have a
car or a job for you and be well do you
think people that don't have a car job
might have a harder time getting an ID
um you know I'm in state of California
recently we have programs were like the
DMV will come to you or a representative
or so for or they'll you know they'll
come to the the local areas and
photograph people and process you that
what do you lose just curious what do
you do for work like just generally you
don't tell me like you're at exact job
or ironic okay awesome are you familiar
with them so when we talk about like UI
designer web design all right you're I
don't know what it's doing okay so yeah
I don't know what exactly would do in
tech but like the design of the UI is so
[ __ ] important that if you like
either put up one extra button or one
extra page between like a customer and a
point that you're trying to get them to
engage with you can lose like twenty
percent of your visitors just instantly
even if it's something that's not yeah
exactly
okay awesome I'm glad you're familiar
that concept it's super important in web
design absolutely so if you understand
this kind of like principle of design
isn't it really obvious that if we say
that some people need to utilize an
extra program to procure an ID people
that don't work and don't have people
that don't work and don't drive that
we're gonna drop a lot of these people
from actually getting an ID to vote like
just statistically speaking more so than
like a working-class person that has a
driver's license and goes to work right
if that be true but it's like okay I'm
not saying this is but if your argument
that is or those who believe it like
okay well we shouldn't have good
Photoready laws you know because it's
too hard to get to the VM DMV or it's
too hard to get through this location to
get a photo or it's too hard to fill out
this form but it's not too hard to drive
to the polling office and see the
polling does it well those who can vote
by mail which they don't require you an
ID they're also voting voting
offices are typically or at least in
what I instantly thought could be wrong
but most polling places are open quite
late
the DMV can be and also polling offices
should be able to accommodate your
community I don't know if people go to
the polling office and wait like three
hours I have to get I just moved to
California and I want to schedule a
visit for the DMV I literally haven't
done it yet because it's like [ __ ]
two months out for me to do it not
saying that this is like every person
but like it's possible that it's
probably likely that getting a driver's
license at a DMV is more of a challenge
than just going to a polling place right
it depends on the county budget I mean
generally speaking it's difficult I
still think we're talking about it
extremely small percentage of the
population that does when we actually
look at like all of these percentages
right so for instance if we look at
percentage of black versus white without
ID it always comes out that like
percentage-wise like twice as many
african-americans as as white people
don't have the IDS necessary to vote
where a lot of these laws are being I'm
sorry it's three times as many so Eric
Holder said it referenced recent studies
showing the 25 percent of African
Americans compared to eight percent of
white people lacked the
government-issued photo IDs that would
be needed to vote in a lot of these
places again so here I'm sorry I'll just
throw you this I'm not trying to ambush
you with anything either if you want to
so the pull it affected effect check on
this and they came out with mostly true
so I'm guessing the same is mostly true
so Eric Holder referenced recent studies
showing the 25 percent of African
Americans and 8 percent of white people
locked government-issued photo IDs so it
seems like if we were to make if we were
to set up a roadblock against people
that didn't have photo IDs statistically
speaking African Americans would just be
impacted more than white people no mmm
well yeah I think that's a problem that
people have but yeah I think that like
seems yeah so like the reason that
people to me yeah I know conservatives
always want to kind of like roll this
around and you know
were tempted to do it earlier even if
you didn't explicitly do it the point of
that video you were talking about was
probably to show that liberals are the
real racists because liberals think that
black people are too stupid to get IDs
but like I don't think it's not much
that so much is it's just like you have
to kind of engage with reality like
chances are the average black person is
going to be less capable of getting an
idea than the average white person it's
not because they're black or because the
white person is white it's because a lot
of this is probably determined by
socioeconomic status and white people in
general tend to have better
socioeconomic status than black people
in general which means that a wealthy
middle-class person is probably gonna
have an easier every middle-class person
is probably gonna have a car probably
gonna have a driver's license it's going
to be harder for like a lower class
person and black people are probably
more likely to occupy that lower class
place that would make it harder to
either procure the necessary government
ID to vote or to make the time to do it
right ID is required to do next to
everything in this country yeah but
again if you don't have a job or a car
that's like you don't need an ID past
that point right like yeah but okay so
here's where my privilege is kicking in
and you know what I'm wrong I'm wrong
and when statistics you know show me
otherwise I'll be happily you know to
admit you know that I'm either mistaken
or I need to be searched more but when I
hear you know when you say like okay
well what about people without a car or
a job are these we have some blow over
myself because that's fine we have a
right to vote you know so that is a
arguably our most important
constitutional right or obligation some
people would say but yeah so everyone
regardless of your status you know
economic or otherwise do we have the
right to a lotta ballot and have your
voice heard I just personally believe
that we're in a day and age now I think
this was probably more valid in say
nineteen seventeen nineteen sixty
nineteen fifty and forth but now there's
not much you can do without I'm trying
to think like
like a person even if you have again if
you don't have it here's like we're
basically I'm throwing numbers at you
the reality is is that most people
probably have valid IDs right but that's
the reality but the other reality is
that when we're talking about so like is
it 180 million people that vote on I
remember the exact numbers but if we go
through our whole pool of registered
voters and we say you need a valid ID to
vote even though it's gonna be a
percentage we're still going to be
cutting out millions of people there
from potentially voting and of those
millions of people black people are
going to be highly over-represented
compared to white people and that's kind
of the problem right even though most
black people can get these yeah there's
gonna be more just a bit of black people
that can't get IDs versus white people
so you're kind of impacting the the
electorate there by having a law that
you haven't demonstrated a need for
that's kind of my big problem with it
and this is where I'll wax and wane
saying is it worth and the truth mode
the answer is it's never worth it to
deny an American the right to vote but
just for the sake of argument is it
worth preventing X amount of people or
in impacting or adding difficulty to
voting to X amount of people to prevent
another subsection of people from voting
that shouldn't be and then it comes back
to do well do we have data that people
are illegally vote in in huge numbers
and then it's like well is one vote
enough is one illegal vote enough to
impact a greater number of people and we
see this throughout our society all the
time with new regulations new laws new
bills where people are greatly impacted
negatively to prevent something that
only fix affects a small number of
people trying to think of okay here's a
weird example do you remember the old
Pokemon toys in the Burger King capes
Mills which ones the first the year 2000
no no 99 also like the gold medals on
them yeah yeah well yeah there was those
with the gold medals and there's also
was ones that they gave him the kids
Mills the book the gold ones you had to
buy for like $4.99 if I just got rid of
like six of them I gave him away on
reddit gifts
but they were smaller there were smaller
ones if I have one on my desk right now
um like 7 kids died choking on uh-huh
for toddlers putting them in her mouth
huh now you can't choke on them but you
in theory and you could wrap it around
your face and suffocate I don't know how
it happened but they you know they
remove them and you know I think you
know they I'm sure they paid the
funerals for the kids that died and said
you know hey bring them back we'll give
you like a free thing of fries and this
is very weird analogy but because of a
handful of unfortunate unlucky people
you know suffocated only on these they
decide to remove the entire thing even
though millions upon millions and
millions of people have them in their
home at played with them and have no
effect whatsoever probably not a
knowledge about it that's kind of where
I'm getting at is you know we see this
throughout a society all the time where
new laws get in place that greatly
impact a large number of people to
protect a very small number people and
then we'll argue if it's worth it or not
is it worth it to have this law that you
know about instead um so my main issue
with this is I'm going to say that
purchasing Pokemon toys is not one of
our most fundamental constitutional
rights so if we did block it I would be
okay with that but we can actually use a
better analogy here and one that
absolutely perplexes me what you're
essentially saying or maybe not you I'm
sorry but Republicans in general will
make this argument that it's okay to put
up a minor roadblock or some sort of
roadblock into voting because we can
pretend some we can prevent some
potential harm maybe even some
demonstrator not about happening even if
it's just a little bit of harm we should
absolutely protect the sanctity of our
voting process right well why is it that
when we talk about gun legislation
Republicans immediately run that back
the importance of us and our ability to
own firearms is so [ __ ] important
that we won't even allow the FBI to put
people on a no firearm list we won't
allow the ATF to effectively regulate or
monitor people that own guns even though
we can demonstrate over 30,000 people a
year are dying every single year they're
dying but the the constitutional right
to own a firearm is so [ __ ] important
that we're gonna do everything we can to
prevent legislation right related to
firearms why do we think about it that
way when it comes to guns but then when
it comes to voting
yeah [ __ ] it we can make it a little bit
harder to vote right well you can make
it harder to vote in okay last anon
voting there is a solution there so
let's say we input voter ID laws I don't
if you're going to do that I would say
that you can't implement those laws
unless you give the opportunity for
those that absolutely cannot get to the
DMV or cannot get a a photo ID by some
other method you have to come to them
sure I think that um if you were talking
if Republicans were to put music if
Republicans were to put forth the thing
where they're saying like oh you need ID
to vote blah blah blah but we're
literally going to mail free ID to every
single American or whatever I would be a
lot more closer to being on board with
that if that if they were proposed
alongside each other for sure with it if
they said listen you need a vote if you
absolutely can't we'll come to you we'll
bring a van I a sanction van with a with
a green screen and a cannon or an icon
or something will snap your photo you
fill up the paperwork we'll send it to
you in six weeks I don't think anybody
would have and I think that's a great
compromise for those that are pushing
legislation for voter ID laws and I
think the left and the right would agree
with that you'll get a lot closer see
that people know people would still
argue that you can run into problems
with say homeless people or some people
some groups that people might meet be
more predisposed towards having trouble
getting like a valid mailing address or
something right you could find but the
promise there would be way more narrow
and you could actually address these but
if that if the suggestion for voter ID
was coupled with a mailing a national
voter ID
I think people yet would be a lot more
important that for sure yeah and guns
I'm super program so an African American
I believe that everything we have is
because we have the ability to defend
ourselves at any point throughout
history I remember being in my aunts
porch well for African Americans
historically when white so much they
gave like two big examples so there was
a group of white people in the West I
should remember the [ __ ]
but basically a group of white people
actually took over federal lands using
their firearms in order to secure it
from killing a guy you know one guy well
I mean these people had actual standoffs
with FBI agents right like guns pointed
em and everything right and they let him
sit there which was sighs [ __ ] to me
like I was like wait you guys let them
take over a federal building and just
let some black people there like rain up
but it seems like yeah but if we go back
to the 70s in California when the Black
Panthers tried to use their firearms to
fight with federal agents when they were
invading California courthouses that's
when we got a national drive when
government went out when Reagan started
to push for a gun control legislation
and some further some of the first gun
control legislation the u.s. started to
get passed so this idea that like well
guns helped protect everybody I don't
know it seems like it's slanted a little
bit in favor of certain groups of people
than than other groups of people I'm not
even sure actually I believe so and
Jerry Brown has been anti-gun he's no
longer governor now but Jerry Brown has
always been severely anti-gun here in
the state of California we used to open
carry it wasn't until black folks
started open carry that they were like
okay we can't open carry anymore
I would like to think that and I
understand the narrative like if your
right wing you probably don't like
minorities and stuff and I don't
consider myself on the right I'm the
anytime someone asked me I say I'm a
left-leaning liberal citrus and I just I
see the reality and everything and as an
example is gonna say you know I know my
history dating back to the early 1800s I
remember being on the porch with my aunt
in Greenville Mississippi when the
actual Klan marched down our street on
horseback in thin hoods and my aunt sat
at the door with her pistol as I grabbed
onto her legs because she wasn't about
to let anything happened I think all the
neighbors came out with their guns just
as a show of solidarity and defense like
yeah you're not gonna do any stupid [ __ ]
around here
um we know you know or and this is where
I would say to my friends on the left
that's saying like oh we need to get rid
of all guns we you know I was like well
if you really believe that and and you
also believe that minorities people of
color are like overly targeted why would
you want to take away the only thing
that they have to defend themselves yeah
I mean I understand what you're saying I
don't necessarily degree I'm sorry I
should have said for the record I'm
pro-gun or I wasn't telling moved to
California had to leave everything in
Nebraska because the state is [ __ ]
Nazis [ __ ] about guns
so I don't necessarily disagree but I
just like I just I feel like I have a
consistent stance on guns and on voting
where I feel like these are some of our
most important constitutional rights and
you need really [ __ ] good reasons to
put up roadblocks between these I
actually I do believe that that there
are decent guns okay I believe that you
can make arguments for guns now you can
shoot those arguments down if you want
but I think that enough people die to
gun-related violence whether it's
suicide or homicide that you can make
arguments I don't think it's been
demonstrated why we need to put up
roadblocks to voting and I find it very
hard to take people's argument seriously
I think that we have demonstrated a
great need for voter ID but if you touch
anything related to guns they go apeshit
it seems like really inconsistent
between those two positions I guess very
strong opinion laws but I'm not affected
negatively by them appearing and you
know the privilege in me is like well I
got an idea what am I worried about and
there are times where I catch myself
that I don't think about the lowest yeah
those that are most affected those that
are affected in such a way that you know
for whatever reason they can't get an ID
or you know so but as I you know as we
argued before if I wouldn't have a
problem if there was a guaranteed method
to get an ID paid for by the county of
the city or the state but as for guns
like I don't believe in any road blocks
for guns and yes people die every year
we have a cultural issue I mean we could
look at Finland that per capita they
have the same roughly the same
percentage of gun ownership as we do
x2 no mass shootings or anything we just
we have a mental health issue in this
country
that isn't being studied enough and I'm
not mistaken and this is where I will
definitely crash down on the right
I believe the NRA is not the NRA but I
believe the CC isn't allowed to do
investigations on mass shootings the CDC
isn't allowed to study it directly no or
Esmond yeah which is absolutely BS like
there's a lot of things to CDC should be
discussing it setting like for instance
I want to know why is it is that you
know hot 20 year old teachers want to
[ __ ] their 15 year old kids
you know students there's a there's too
many of them for their not to be some
sort of correlation between them all and
I don't know if it's hormones something
in the water drinking but there is
something that is making teachers want
to bank their students and I think
someone is investigated equally there is
something that makes people go off and
want to kill everybody in the
neighborhood were at a mall or a
shopping center and I think the argument
generally is that like a gun is
essentially a force amplifier that if
one of these people show up in another
country the worst they can do is grab a
knife and killing ten people with a
knife is really [ __ ] hard but doing
it with an ar-15 is pretty [ __ ] easy
right yeah yeah here in California we
have a you're not allowed at magazine
over nine bullets I believe in super cab
stupid I mean I can show you all kinds
of scenarios in which you know nine
bullets is not gonna save you or if
you're really into like some trouble
nine bullets ain't gonna help you I've
seen a video online where some people
run up in a woman's house you know and
it's three of them and they all got guns
and she comes out and starts shooting
and empties the clip quickly you know
she shoots the whole load but she's got
three people in her house willing to do
her harm
yeah I understand I'm really big into
guns I really appreciate it I think I
saw a report awhile ago I think police
officers fire anywhere from like it's
like seven to thirteen bullets on
average to bring a person down assuming
you're shooting center mass and
yeah ten round magazine it's gonna be
pretty hard you'd like bringing down one
person assuming you're hitting every
single shot in good parts like yeah yeah
I understand shoot him so many times
people haven't shot a gun or doesn't
understand like what it's really like
you know when the threat is in front of
you the mental state that you have like
the goal is to put something down until
it stops moving I know just curious uh
how have you felt about the Covington
high school or the in a student incident
at the gala tomorrow it was honestly so
stupid I didn't care I thought both
sides were getting way too mad for no
[ __ ] reason did you watch the entire
video or I was skipping through parts of
it though but basically what I think the
gist of it what I got was there was some
group of people that were there to
protest abortion stuff which is what the
Catholic high school kid showed up to do
and once they were there they had been
there for some time maybe and I guess
some uh Native American tribes showed up
with drums to March and do some peace
prayer or whatever and then they kind of
got into like some weird standoff [ __ ]
that got recorded and uploaded but that
is partially true I'll give you the gist
but you know since you're not really
into it I'll just spout it out for the
sake of clarifying of what actually took
this kid I believe Friday when
two-minute video popped out of Nathan
Phillips who's the elder Native American
who's in the face of fica's name's Nick
Sandman or SATA banging the drum and
from the perspective of the video it
looks like all the rowdy kids are
surrounding the elder Native American
yeah I thought no one is like reaming it
pretty biased yeah yes and the story
that came along with it is that they
were calling him names saying build that
wall get out of America but when I first
saw it I was okay I didn't hear anybody
say build that wall and I didn't I'm
looking at this to the faces of all the
students and most of them looked
confused and I'm like okay I'm not
really seeing the taunting yes the kid
in front the Native American is kind of
smirking but something just didn't seem
right to me so you know of course all
the celebrities get involved you know
Kathy Griffin was like you know so many
to punch this kid in the face in fact a
lot of people said that you know we had
journalists calling further deaths
they've gotten fired since then and it
seemed like a pretty one-sided issue and
I was embarrassed to watch it you know I
was like okay
cuz I'm one of those people that while
you won't see me in a maggot at I think
our country shouldn't be so divided that
we want to punch people just for like
their political ideologies this are we
weren't like this before and I see
similar well we had slavery before I
don't know what you mean by I mean we've
always been pretty divided as a country
of our political issues that we had a
mason-dixon line we had a civil war like
had civil rights we've had gay people
not being able to vote we've
historically had a ton of violence
against LGBT people we've always been
like pretty politically divided in the
u.s. I mean in our lifetime gay people
couldn't even get married legally right
we weren't ready for that yet um okay
this is a very Christian nation and a
lot of people left and right you know
we're like hey dude when prop 8 failed
in California it was mostly black people
that voted against it yeah black one
happen that and I didn't care one way or
the other because I've grown up around
all you know gay people trans people
foreigners and whatnot so I'm like yo
let people love like you know I don't
want to make it a huge political issue
I'm just like yo let people be if ain't
got nothing to do with me do you as long
as you ain't hurt nobody have fun
smoke your weed have orgies just be you
unfortunately those groups out there
that just really want to get in people's
bedrooms and I'm hoping that the right
and the left at times just start stop
worrying about stuff like that but yeah
those were things but if you didn't see
people fighting in the streets over
there political ideologies at least we
have I mean okay
a lot of violent riots and [ __ ] I mean
that whole Vietnam era was a bunch of
collett there was a lot of violent
protesters over that - we've had like
back I mean a long time ago [ __ ] what
was that movie the one with a [ __ ]
Leonardo DiCaprio on the other guy Blake
based on like the Manhattan riots and
[ __ ] like we've had a lot of violent
[ __ ] [ __ ] in this country I don't
know how like like much we kind of gloss
over our history but yeah we've had the
LA riots well then ironically I don't
know if you're joking or not but that's
probably true right like we blow up
every yeah I'm pretty sure some people
ride it over the OJ [ __ ] didn't they
like we have it we've had the riots in
this country for surely the TV popped up
in my house my CD yeah and like not to
like downplay anything but like we
freaked the [ __ ] out over what were the
what was the BLM riot we're like what
was the big one that everyone talked
about [ __ ] oh my god why am I forgetting
all this the the big the big BLM right
where people point to that and show that
all of BLM is violent because it just
one was it Ferguson yeah how much damage
was even caught were there even people
killed in that I don't remember
Baltimore trying to think of a big one
Ferguson riots look at the Wikipedia
page okay one person was killed during
that in 10 people were injured during
the Ferguson riots [ __ ] yeah for
comparison during the 1992 for the
Rodney King [ __ ] 63 people died like
nine people were killed by the cops and
as many as 2,000 383 people were injured
with material losses varying between 800
million and 1 billion dollars in
nitrogen so like I'm just saying like
this idea that like America's been a
super peaceful place and then all of a
sudden we've got this political unrest
like I don't think that no no no no I'm
not saying that we've been useful all
this time I'm saying I am in my lifetime
I am seeing a unique division time I
mean I'm through I was born in 88 I
imagine you were born sometime in the
early 80s I mean so you were at least
you know eight or nine years old when
these when these riots happened
but yeah okay well happened then they
went away and then we stopped talking
about him
yeah and would being things that we
don't talk about like well I mean I'm
sure they're not gonna talk about we
don't talk about 911 anymore really we
don't talk about like yeah I mean we
stop talking about things yeah sure and
we also have a media that you know when
something happens it gets put on the
24-hour news cycle and they beat it over
a head over and over now yes during
Rodney King every night at 6:00 for
almost you know a month it was like
alright six o'clock you know turn on the
news let's watch the Rodney King beating
again you know we didn't have a youtube
back then so that you know only when
they got our information and rightfully
so it depends how you look on situation
like yeah you're a country had not seen
things like that prior yes African
Americans had often talked about how we
were getting beat by the police white
folks never believed us and this was the
first time that I think America as a
whole got to see what many African
Americans experienced every day so this
was a an eye-opening moment for the
country as a whole
sure yeah which was the whole point of
kind of like BLM and stuff right is to
bring attention to the fact that this is
a lived experience that a lot of African
Americans have everyday in the United
States that needs to change yeah you
know that's more recent and I think it
wasn't too long ago and and I would say
2013 and 2014 it's like you know I live
in the Bay Area and it's not uncommon
you know we've had prior to BLM when
that really became a thing like yes
there's been a couple of rowdy
demonstrations before and Tifa was the
thing you know black bloc demonstrations
where you know they tear up and smash
the windows and stuff the cops would
come and quickly diffuse the and that
would be the end of it we'd hear about
it on the 10 o'clock news and no one
would ever speak of it again and as we
see in Portland Seattle San Francisco
Berkeley other places you know now we
have hundreds and hundreds of people
that come out in black masks with sticks
and knives and pepper spray we'll just
tear up everything and the cops will
just sit back and watch until people
just
and usually this is done under the guise
of one side you know one political
ideology hitting the other pillow of
Audiology and that is a new thing that I
believe we're seeing like it's one thing
to write over an incident where
something took place that it's once a
black or white but you know it's very
clear that something is taking place
that is noteworthy or newsworthy and
people come out in protest and Immonen
now we're seeing oh there's no Oh
someone's at office or I mean I feel
like I don't think police sit back and
watch like aunty Felix destroys [ __ ] I
mean I'm sure they wash like riots but
once your stuff gets violent I'm pretty
sure police officers move in like pretty
quickly and this is where I have an
expertise in talking about something
this is where you were at since I was
there many of them that there were what
was the first one I was at and trying to
think of the dates but I have been to
many scuffles with antifa in Berkeley in
San Francisco and absolutely the cops
will sit back and as they throw Molotov
cocktails spray people with mace be
people in the ground wait wait so you're
telling me that there are places where
police officers are observing and Tifa
people throwing Molotov cocktails and
they aren't moving in to arrest anyone
absolutely wait what's one place where
this happened Oakland California
Portland yeah yeah here we go
let me find a shorter one because this
guy's talks way too long have you not
seen any of this I've seen them but like
I remember so Berkeley police slammed
for antifa related mug shot tweets after
violent rally so it seems like they were
arresting people here they must eight on
that and they didn't charge any of them
in fact I had a guy assault me right in
front of the
officer on that day in particular had a
guy insult me right in front the police
officers they jumped him they arrested
him this is on a Sunday night Monday
morning I called the police the the
station to get the guy's name because I
had injuries and I wanted him prosecuted
they had already let him go without
identifying him it took weeks in weeks
to cobble up some information to try to
get his name I end up contacting the DA
the DA didn't want to touch it and they
just let it go
wait so I mean if they arrested him but
they let him go without identifying it
how can you arrest someone without
identifying them that was my question
and this is what I asked officer nabob
but no Boz knee of the Berkeley PD how
long enough did you arrest somebody and
let him go without identification and
she's like I don't know I will send you
those a later date if you'd like hold on
let me I'm give me two minutes to watch
this video okay
I'll times two okay one second watch
Berkeley cops refused to protect Trump
supporters from violent attacks get very
angry when asked light the disturbing
video on social media says it all as in
our in San Francisco last year and Tifa
took over an entire city block for about
a week and a half I think and they just
let him they put up walls and barriers
though they decided who got to come down
that Street or not and it wasn't until
the new mayor came in that they busted
it up right hold on was I going before
me watch this video Claire thugs eerily
dressed like Isis to beat down the
peaceful gathering on Saturday reporter
Tim Poole who was on the scene tweeted
quote as the violence escalated police
in Berkeley stood down and retreated
from the crowds and in quote I have
never seen so few police at an event
like this another reporter Shawn power
covering the event for mother's stomach
for Mother Jones is confronted two
police officers sitting in a patrol car
virtually doing nothing and asking them
hey how come you guys are hanging back
yes
super soldiers
this is article not exists on the
internet anymore
door patrol car I did quote you want a
public statement right so what I mean it
sounds like I don't think this video is
proving anything is it not the video of
the of where the officer actually says
when he asked them why you stand down he
says talk to her sorry yeah that sounds
like a response that any police officer
would give it's not really his place to
say no yes that is true but you know
mere feet away you have people getting
beat up with sticks then the cops are
just accidentally sitting around yeah
well I mean that these aren't even like
riot cops I mean like there could be any
number of reasons why they're in the
position they're in maybe they don't
have the appropriate tools to engage a
crowd maybe they think that them
engaging without the appropriate
equipment would cause things to become
more violent they'd be more likely to
draw weapons like yes they have they
have stated that before during the I
think the April 17th no no the September
trying to think of the date September 29
sep 2010 and
any people that are violently rioting
next to these cops like I don't even
know where the writers are well actually
I'm pretty sure that there are no
writers near these cops because if they
were the person videotaping it probably
would have shown it I know where those
cops are at tell you from my own
perspective nope since I was there they
are no more than a block away from where
the fighting is going why can't you hear
like anything in the video or see any of
the violence going on in the video you'd
have to be there I mean it's yeah and
you're not seeing it together I don't
want to say trust me you know take my
word for it but I kinda am saying it
there is indeed fighting going on one
block away okay I guess maybe they're
using suppressed molotovs or something
but I just like cops in this country are
pretty violent a lot and it seems really
unlikely to me that a cop could watch
somebody throws like a Molotov cocktail
and just chill that seems like very very
unlikely to me it was a weird time in
his weird time you know for the
interaction in action it was [ __ ] up
like it was it was some crazy stuff I
mean if you can imagine you know a
hundred people versus a hundred people
and then another time it's like six
hundred the people versus twelve people
it was this it was a riot it was a
straight-up I'm sorry real quick I had I
looked this up earlier but I didn't
correct you because I don't think was
that important but someone in my chat is
really mad because they might be
finished so in Finland there's 1.5
million guns in the population is over
five million in the United States we
have more than one gun per person here
so we have way more guns per capita in
the u.s. than in Finland he's just he's
spam this like 15 times I just wanted to
get it on the record
he wasn't like right I'm probably
thinking of a different country
but I mean those are statistics ramming
thanks for correcting us correcting me
Switzerland yeah but you know the point
is there are other places in the country
in the world that have a very similar
per capita gun owners chip that do not
have the here in the US I think we're
literally number one in terms of like
guns per residence like we're by far
number one the US is a little one but
there's other places where they have a
similar percentage and they do not have
no one near the law of war violence we
have and I think we have a mental health
more so than we have a gun issue well is
the United States the only country with
a mental health issue like I feel like
plenty of countries have mental health
issue
I'll sign just for just for the just for
the record so the estimated the
estimated number of civilian firearms
per 100 people so Rank 1 is the United
States at approximately 120 guns per 100
people so that's more than one gun per
person and then the runner-up number two
is the Falkland Islands and they have 62
guns for 100 people but we don't think
back on the fire I'm think I'm just
making sure the numbers are correct here
but argument there are other countries
that have if not similar but comparable
gun ownerships but significant legal gun
crime at the the more argument the
argument that really needed to ask is
why are Americans more likely to commit
mass murder why do we have so many gun
deaths as well as suicides another thing
I really think it boils down to like a
mental health it's not like it's your
first claim is not correct they're just
there aren't any other countries that
have as many guns as America does per
per capita this the closest the
runner-up is at half and that's the
Falkland Islands and there's 3,000
people that live there the next rail
country is Yemen that is 52 guns per 100
people and they even have enough [ __ ]
civil war down there I don't I'm not
sure if that number is accurate I guess
but because I don't know how they keep
track all of that and then when you get
down to like what did you say so
Switzerland is at 26 point or twenty
seven point six guns per 100 people New
Zealand is at twenty six point three
Sweden is that twenty three point one
but Mexican Wikipedia is the country's
firearm related to F we're not in there
thank you
I don't I don't we don't think Oh back
to guns whatever just making sure I have
to have my numbers right so not
disseminating bad information to the
people no I'd rather the information be
correct and I'd rather be wrong and be
corrected so okay so I mean we can't
really talk too much I guess about like
personal anti panic
in terms of like writing or violence
whatever because I guess like its heart
because obviously I can't verify
anything you're saying yeah you know dig
into the Covington Catholic dude I
forgot we got off topic but yeah yeah
you saw the initial video that everyone
else saw and it looks really really bad
that looks pretty intact later yeah yeah
so later that evening a hour and forty
six minute video was released that was
shot by black Hebrew Israelites
fir'aun's which shows everything that
happened an hour prior to the
confrontation between elder Phillips a
Mike or Nick or whatever his name is
and the first 30 plus minutes you see
the black Hebrew Israelites taunt the
Native Americans and they call them
uncle tomahawks they said that they
deserve to die they deserve to lose
their lands said to one of them to his
face that you're a savage that the word
Indian means savage if anything I find
those comments extremely hateful and
inciting there's a point where you know
the Native Americans are getting into
the black the Israelites facing they you
know
leave us alone because they're screaming
pretty loud and at the time the Native
Americans are doing their little
ceremonial dance they're holding hands
or spinning in a circle you know that's
what they do you know I'm not sort of
the context or you know what it means
but they are doing a ceremonial that all
the while the black Hebrew Israelites
are calling them uncle tomahawk saying
that you were balls of gods you're not
supposed to worship the Sun and the
moons and you know after you go and so
there was a confrontation between them
and when the Israelite says I don't
understand why you're screaming at us
while those pale skin crackers are over
there with make America great again hats
on and at the time the students haven't
said anything to anybody
so then the Israel chains focus their
attention on the students call them
call the priest child molesters called
them [ __ ] every name in the book you
can think of like some of it was just so
beyond so this goes on and on and on and
as written by one of the students in a
Facebook post they had not said anything
to them up until like the 45-minute mark
or so and one of the students asked the
chaperone that was with them hey can we
do our school channet and he said sure
so the students start doing their
schools chant what's is you know a rah
rah rah hoo-hoo-hoo you know and you
know some synchronize you know fist pump
in and and so forth and this goes on for
about two or three minutes the black
Hebrew Israelites mentioned something
about building the wall and it was at
that point where at the New York Times
worried where they said that elder
Phillips heard the students chant build
that wall which is inaccurate and when
every chanted build that wall was only
the black Hebrew that's black but like
Israelites that mentioned build a new
wall and then you see elder Phillips
with about 20 of his come over to
confront the students and they're
already in the middle of their can't
they synchronize roof roof and at the
same time older Phillips is banging the
drum which is almost in sync with the
students and they're already going so
when he shows up with the drum the
children think that the drum is in
support of them so they're now beating
along with the sound of the drum and
I've some of them did the tomahawk chop
you know and the fist bump or the fist
poem and it all looks it looks bad it
you know because when you break it down
into the very isolated two-minute video
that you see it looks like they're
taunting and it looks like they're
jeering at elder Phillips but that's not
the case sure
cooler heads prevail you know the nation
gets well you know it gets
put out by a Twitter account disorder
count was 20 20 fight turns out Twitter
ended up deleting that account because
they suspect that it was done it was
made by Russian bought back in 2016
which had like some 300,000 subscribers
or followers or whatever and those were
all linked to other accounts that did
nothing but like all they all that
account tables like put out like
divisive information or they selectively
that is it really sounds like a total
Russian paint job sure so the students
go on they did a couple interviews even
still I'm still seeing accounts where
people are saying like those kids are
racists they costed that Native American
XYZ which never happened and I think
most people who actually care to know
have gotten the full gist of the story
there's been two interviews both went on
USA Today and not a Saturday but a Good
Morning America or one of those morning
shows older Phillips went by the lake
initially it was initially reported by
The Washington Post that he was a
Vietnam War veteran that turned out not
to be the case he served from - 72 to 76
he never was deployed he went AWOL
multiple times he did four years and
left as a private which is Madison low
as you can get so he never went up in
the ranks at one point he was ok yeah I
understand the point wait so what's the
point of the story what about it such a
rant on that one sorry I just want to
ask if you had a strong opinion you know
which is seems everyone's into right now
story no I don't care that much I think
it's very interesting that the initial
account that spread the story was likely
fake though that's the most interesting
part of the story to me it's me because
what I've been seeing
even as the fallout is the instant is
long over with I am still seeing
reactions on Twitter that either you
support the children or use of
the Native Americans but no one in any
of the story is discussing the hateful
comments of the black Hebrews really
well no I don't think nobody cares about
that nobody takes them seriously they're
like the Westboro Baptist Church yes he
does what and and in this on because I
know you don't really like the story too
much but what I really find fascinating
is in 2009 the Southern Poverty Law
Center listed them as a hate group and
yet the the Southern Poverty Law Center
did this hit piece on the students and
here was a perfect opportunity for them
to double down on a group that they've
already labeled as a hate group that
they could have you know further
you know verified their findings and yet
not only them but every news
organization is absolutely ignore their
actions their comments they're clearly
homophobic racist comments that they did
that our afternoon and it's not in
effect or because again I don't just the
Southern Poverty Law Center write
articles on like every time the Westboro
Baptist demonstration happen it's like
well well that that group is so
insignificant I think but no they don't
miss carries with this hit piece article
a would one wasn't even the group that
when I protested the black Hebrew surely
no no the name of the kids the school
what was it called the Covington clock
account click is the best way you would
be able to find I'm sorry I'm just
trying to find this article the hit
piece you said that they wrote I'm just
curious what the article was actually
about on the on the on the Southern
Poverty Law Center website
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
look at a different site that says
southern partly lost center blames
privileged Covington cough the teens for
Native American anguish see if I can
find a link to it through ear
[Music]
well so while I'm trying to find this
link how do you look oh do you wait how
do i what sorry you got cut off how do
you label yourself or do you even label
yourself as far as your political
affiliations I don't like labels I end
up spending more time speaking what I'm
not than what I am but I guess for
purposes of the United States I'd
probably be considered extremely
progressive for social views you booked
up but I think you said extremely
progressed yeah probably I would be
extreme I'll be considered extremely
progressive social angry okay yeah yeah
you know I gave you my little bit before
but you know I would say you know
fiscally conservative social liberal in
a lot of ways well you say socially
liberal but you seem to be Pro voter i-d
you seem to be anti Planned Parenthood
[Music]
no more than a couple weeks ago you know
for some services somebody if somebody
if I were to ask them do what they
thought about global warming like well
I'm not like 100 percent against the
idea of global warming it's pretty
obvious like a big skeptic of it right
like are you asking if I'm a skeptic of
global warming oh no no I'm just saying
that that would be like the comparison
or like I'll talk something about like
evolution if I'm like what do you think
about evolution they're like ah you know
I'm not like it's not that I don't
believe in evolution right I really okay
well you're clearly skeptical of it
right as healthy as long as you're
willing to accept facts you know when
they're presented to you like I will
never deny when people give me solid
information I like being wrong
skepticism in and of itself isn't
necessarily a virtue scepticism is a
byproduct of a healthy mind right that
if you're thinking through things
rationally then it will lead you to be
skeptical over some things but if
somebody tells me something like you
know like evolution is most likely true
I don't think that me questioning that
is a good form of skepticism that just
sounds like a radical form of anti
whatever maybe you could even say
post-modernism to be sceptical of
everything is to be skipped
full of nothing right it's kind of an
extremist position sure so my problem is
that like so I'll load this with a
little bit of normative baggage and then
maybe you'll be more likely to disagree
I think that skepticism is very very
very healthy even philosophically I am I
consider myself to be highly skeptical
I'm highly skeptical of most realist
claims that's that's a separate thing
but there's a difference between being
highly skeptical of everything versus
trying to dance in the middle of every
position because you don't want to
commit to a single side for whatever
reason so for instance if somebody tells
me a certain thing I'll try my best to
analyze what what I think both sides of
a thing are but I don't think there's
necessarily merit and being in the
middle of every issue in fact I would
argue that that is sometimes the least
sceptical position to be in the middle
of a certain issue so for an issue like
global warming it would seem to me that
if you're in the middle of that or
undecided on that you're decidedly
unskipable because there's not very much
very many good reasons to be on an
undecided position there or same thing
with something like evolution or whether
the earth is flat or or an envoy
spherical thing or whatever right like
if you're skeptical of these things
you're probably not a very skeptical
person or probably more prone to
conspiracy than anything else being in
the middle doesn't necessarily equate to
being a good skeptic is the point I'm
trying to make I guess it depends on the
subject at hand
I am initially no not I was gonna say on
initially skeptical things but not
really there are often times that I will
instantly take a position and form an
opinion about something before I get the
full story
you know for my own biases that exists
just the other day I saw a headline
student suspended for wearing a
confederate flag attire and my first
thought was like oh my god not again
here we go again with this [ __ ] and I
already formed my opinion like these my
thought was like oh these stupid-ass
white boys you know trying to like do
some political thing
well I click the link it's a bunch of
blackheads on my whoa what's going on
you know so that might be yeah
what was the other thing other than my
Covington thing I'm trying to find the
article that the SOPs something probably
Law Center did and then maybe they just
made like a tweet or something
[Music]
I'm trying to find it in this link yeah
I saw what you said I googled it and I
found the thing that references it but
it doesn't lead to anywhere so you know
it was there intentionally not where
everything it I saw the other day oh
it's just a to me that they made the
incident involving students from
Covington Catholic is harassment but
unfortunately not surprising the racist
rhetoric coming from our politicians
normalizes hate across the country and
in our classrooms this was SPL C's
Maureen Costello oh it was a New York
Times article that was posted and oh so
it's an op-ed it's an op-ed that she
wrote for the New York Times I guess
okay then that was probably the original
New York Times article that I read yeah
and that's the other you know I mean
there's dozens and dozens of videos of
people in public wearing megawhatts
getting assaulted or screamed at or you
know abuse in one way shape or form how
do you feel about that do you
do you have a visceral reaction seeing
someone who Nega yeah I would probably
instantly think they're a subhuman piece
of [ __ ] that would be my immediate
response yeah yeah and I assume you feel
that way about anyone who's president
probably um man you would have to be an
incredibly Nisha scenario to support the
president I'm not sure it would be
really really really hard to think of a
reason where I wouldn't think very very
little of somebody for doing so okay so
I know a lot of people who did huh and I
think I can think of a lot of reasons
why somebody would charge anyone
um so in central California where a lot
of the farmlands at what they've been
bitching about not having access to
water you know for decades upon decades
if I'm not mistaken NAFTA would have
made it extremely difficult or at least
more expensive for farmers in Southern
California to sell their wares and I'm
not gonna again I'm not 100% sure on
this I read a couple articles but I
didn't do any deep dive research on it
so I could be incorrect but I but I
think I got the gist of what was going
on he had NAFTA gone through which
Hillary Clinton so it would have made
life extremely difficult for existing
farmers here in California and for those
farmers that had already you know live
off you know thin margins that is the
difference between them maybe we would
be able to keep their homes and you know
send their kids to college and so forth
and originally Donald Trump you know
blatantly came out and said NAFTA is a
crappy asset or I'm gonna get rid of it
and do something else
which he has so if as we go back to the
mindset of 2016 if you're one of those
people were gonna be directly affected
by the policies of an incoming
politician or a president and you know
that this is going to affect your
livelihood you're not going to vote for
that politician sure so right now in
central California I just googled a few
articles Washington California's farmers
are poised to receive hundreds of
millions of dollars worth of aid from
the US Department of Agriculture to help
offset the impact of rising tariffs but
most of the state's top agricultural
exports will not receive direct cash
payments as they and members of the
state's congressional delegation had
pushed for California's farm groups
however I said that they're more
encouraged by the news also announced
Monday that the White House has reached
a preliminary gimr with Mexico and their
renegotiations
of the north american free trade
agreement the two countries are now
hoping to bring canada the trade pacts
other member to the negotiating table to
finish updating its agreements so it
seems like if you were some of these
people that voted for Trump it seems
like the the tariffs are kind of [ __ ]
you as well no like do these people
really come out ahead yeah sorry
[Music]
things have some changes of that present
the aid package in comparison so dis
reading it's extremely welcome news said
California Farm Bureau Federation
president Jamie Johansson who noted that
Mexico is the fifth largest export
market for California's agriculture
Canada's number two the aid package in
comparison and it's quoted will fall far
short of the potential loss of revenue
and then end quote California farmers
stand to suffer as the result of trade
spats with a chat with China the
European Union in other parts of the
world Johansson said but we knew all
along that this would be the case
focusing as part of the second this is
extremely welcoming news to the
California refinery Jamie Johnson just
reading on the economic pressure was
already there for farmers agriculture
secretary sonny Perdue said on a
conference call with reporters noting
that farming income has been on the
decline the additional problems caused
by unjustified tariffs could not have
come at a worse time the tariffs hitting
American farmers this summer come and
response to the Trump administration own
tariff increases and it protecting the
steel industry and separately at
punishing China for its trade practices
countries including China I'm sorry
including Canada Mexico India and Turkey
are among those who have increased their
taxes on a bevy of American imports
agriculture is a particularly popular
target and one that can cause not just
economic but political pain for the
White House the agriculture sectors core
part that will help them base
particularly in the Midwest so yeah I
mean it seems like farmers I mean I know
this because I'm from Nebraska and I
think my state estimated that they were
gonna lose about 1.3 billion dollars in
estimated revenue due to tariffs so it
seems like it was yes that did not turn
out the way that Trump intended well
what do you mean let's everyone knew
that they would go this way what do you
mean they turned out not how he intended
well I'm saying the way he intended I
think Trump thought that those tariffs
would lead to better negotiations with
China it just didn't turn out that way
and it it's oh yeah that's possible this
is one of my chief criticisms of Trump
is that he's an absolute [ __ ] idiot
every single intelligent person knew
that this would happen that's why when
the National Taxpayers Union got over a
thousand people a thousand economic
professionals to sign on to this
including like 13 Nobel laureates they
literally copy pasted
exact same letter that was written in
the 1920s encouraging that US
administration not to enact tariffs this
wasn't a mystery nobody knew that this
wasn't gonna come back I'm not gonna
argue that the guy's not any like the
guy I'm just circling back to these yeah
I'm just circling back to the original
point for like well maybe if we vote for
him maybe we can help our farm ship but
everybody knew that Trump was like
looking at tariffs he was hi he's a
highly populist president he's highly
protectionist and a lot of these were
campaign promises that he made during
the campaign so if you voted for Trump
because you thought he would help you
because you're in agriculture it just
seems like a really stupid position to
take and everything is playing out about
how we thought it would I don't know if
it's a super position
I think his initial statements and the
actions that he said he was going to
make sounded good by ear no they didn't
look what do you mean they sounded good
by ear well I'm making the assumption
that if you're looking so like I said
before if you were four and you know
that NAFTA isn't not going to be
beneficial to you and then Trump is
saying
nafta's bad knapped is bad I'm gonna do
a new deal it's gonna be a better deal
and you know that this one thing is bad
so you put your hopes that the thing
that's coming down the line will be
better you're gonna vote for the
opposition that's you're gonna vote
against the person that's going to go
through with what you already know was
bad
now yes things didn't turn out very well
in that case but you asked why would
somebody vote for them I giving you an
isolated situation why I believe because
he did win all the counties in a central
couple I think that is one of the
reasons and a lot of those people are
just you know good old hometown boys you
know living in sparsely populated areas
and those tend to be more conservative
anyway but I think that is I think it's
a valid reason Trump literally says that
every single trade thing that we make
every single trade agreement we're in is
this is like a big hole murder Trump
NATO's bad the NAFTA is bad EU is bad
I'm just not necessarily sure if that's
true I'm just kind of like digging
through information I've kind of heard
this claim before but I've never seen it
like substantiated so just reading from
like this second part here NAFTA is
relevance to the Central Valley almonds
cheese beef tomatoes tomato products
cherry
you name every single product that has
produced around us in the Central Valley
and having the ability to sell in Mexico
is important said Gomez arias Mexico is
the fifth largest market for the United
States some of the key experts from
California to Mexico include dairy
processed cheese almonds peaches an
above habla and 2016 Mexico is the main
export destination for 30% of dairy
products one of California's top exports
the countries which we have the largest
trade are the ones which we can get the
largest impact with a free trade
agreement and Mexico and Canada are the
largest trading partners of the u.s.
Gamez areas added since Mexico and
Canada are some of the largest trade
partners we have it makes sense that we
have a very special trading relationship
with them and that we facilitate that
relationship and under both NAFTA and
the new preliminary agreement the
tariffs on agricultural product traded
agricultural products traded between the
u.s. and Mexico remains at zero and then
it does this does talk about how some
industries might aren't benefiting as
much I think they bring up asparagus
growers while some agricultural growers
have benefited from the North American
Free Trade Agreement others have been
hurt by it like asparagus growers and
this is pretty common in any big
agreement that you make like some people
are gonna lose out and some people gonna
win out but I think in general I thought
that NAFTA was pretty beneficial for
most of California I haven't seen
anything to support that that was that
is a NAFTA impact California California
agriculture I'm sure that there have
been a lot of studies absolutely
absolutely but you know I think that the
major thing that I really want to push
is since we asked why would people vote
for him you know this really come did he
convince people true or not was he able
to convince people my plan is better
please vote for me because when he
really comes down to the 2016 election
cycle it really came down to he didn't
have any lot of definitive information
to give people he just said I'm better
than Hillary Clinton she's gonna be
worse she's gonna do this and that and
people bought sure which i think is well
no that's my chief criticism right but
there's a lot of dumb voters out there I
mean you know you know people a lot of
Americans it's really stupid
and you shine up something and make it
all pretty and sparkly and they'll
gravitate towards it and and sadly is
it's going to happen again like I see no
reason why he wouldn't win a second term
and I'm not saying because I want him to
win a second term
I really think he is gonna win a second
term if things keep going as they're
going and even though it's been a really
bad month with the shutdown if things
keep going as they're going what do you
mean the tariff wars have had disastrous
impacts across several industries in the
United States we've wiped out almost a
year and a half's worth of stock gains
in the markets uh where are these
amazing where's the stock decline in
last couple weeks just the last couple
of weeks but I mean like in the last
like a couple months no no I mean like
starting in October like the markets
been in a pretty heavy decline like
we're down almost 10% over the year we
were almost back at where we started
when Trump was elected like all right
now I think were probably still that
time sent away from that but cuz I good
yeah his approval ratings are at
all-time lows as well and more and more
members of his counsel are are being
tighted I mean I think Manta Fortson
giono isn't he Cohen is like oh no
Cohen's in jail now I think for three or
four years I don't remember metaphor
decision sentence yet we had Roger stone
I got arrested this morning by the FBI
they're all central People's Campaign I
don't know it feels like the house of
cards isn't that right a stone thing you
know whatever he did so I don't know the
details of it but it seemed really
suspect for CNN to be there this morning
what is the implication there okay so
molars been really tight-lipped on this
entire investigation as he should be the
FBI you know should not be leaking
anything but it just seemed really
suspect that somebody occlude somebody
within the FBI tipped off CNN to travel
from DC to Florida to be there pretty
sure Shannon has reporters literally
everywhere I doubt they sent like yeah
no but it's not
they have reporters everywhere the I'm
trying to think of a same but the guy
who was in DC flew from DC to Florida to
be there while they went and got another
stone one of CNN's reporters
correspondent or something somebody
tipped them off and that's just that
suspect you know it is and whether it be
true or not apparently this with the
grand jury met on Thursday so a lot of
people were speculating that Roger stone
indictments were coming down the line
and this is why they sent somebody to
kept us at his house today is the first
time that I've seen since July 12th the
day before the 12 grew agents were
indicted this was reported that jerome
corsi steps on Andrews step stetner has
arrived in the US District Courthouse in
DC to testify to a grand jury working
with the Moller Russia investigation he
doesn't have much to say said his
attorney Larry Clayman anticipating his
appearance would not take long so
apparently people kind of had this in
the works that there were on diamonds
coming down I mean that seems reasonable
to me the alternative being that like
there's some to stay at FBI agent that's
leaking I'm looking at a game where MVP
he goes des and they CNN picked up on a
pattern of the Grandview
grand jury's activity on Thursday leads
to arrests to siffredi arrests by
standard time for early morning arrest
see a annum Oh a sanin actually
published an article in this the rare
dramatic video from CNN Friday capturing
the early morning FBI raid of longtime
donald trump confidant roger stones
florida home is a product of good
instincts some key clues more than a
year of observing comings the DC federal
courthouse in the special counsel's
office and a little luck in the timing
CNN producer Davis Shortell and
photojournalist Gilbert de la Rosa were
outside Stone's home Friday morning to
witness the FBI approaching Stone
Stewart arrest him on a seven quart
indictment that include special concert
Robert Moses grand jury they were
sticking out stone because there was
just enough evidence lurking the special
counselors activity over the past week
that CNN's team covering the Moller
investigation placed a bet that stone
could be arrested as early as Friday
soon as possible indictment has been
looming for months now as Muller has
interviewed many of his associates and
others connected to a longtime trump
compen on whose political career dates
back to richard miss nixon the first
clue that the indictment was imminent
came last week from CNN Sarah Murray who
was reporting on the upcoming grand jury
appearance of jerome corsi stepson as a
sub son's legal team negotiated a date
for testimony they were told to pick any
day
but Friday an indication that molars
came expected to be busy Friday
according to a source for me with
discussions yeah and I guess I just go
through how they kind of like narrative
down here whether or not you believe
them or this is just a cover for the
deep state operatives I guess I mean I
by I mean sounds legit to me I mean you
know this is their job someone said my
mics too loud oh no it's okay when I
first heard it this morning in this as
you read it right there from their
article you know good reporting or you
know good investigative work a little
bit of luck you know you're kind of
rolling the dice
you know like hmm this might happen
let's get some people down there
something is still so loud okay
supporters are gonna say it's suspect
you know but like I said I'm not here to
sing the praises of the Trump
administration I think I I just try to
view their perspectives so that when
[ __ ] goes bad I understand it ahead of
time like I knew he was gonna win like
two weeks I had no desire for him
winning but it was so obvious to me like
oh my god this guy's gonna win you know
I've lived in Oklahoma Texas Mississippi
New York Florida here in California I
just have a feel for people he literally
won by like fifty thousand votes it's
like an insanely close election what do
you mean it wasn't obvious
what do you mean just what I said he
bare it was very very very close how
could it have been so he still won the
required states I mean yeah but it was
literally like fifty thousand votes
could have gone differently and it would
have went to Hillary okay well how's
this you know we had every poll saying
that she was going to utterly sweep him
none of the polls were saying that most
of the polls had her like twenty or
thirty points out yeah it is a lot but
it's not impossible having a thirty
percent doesn't mean zero percent but I
think 538 was the closest probably the
most reasonable that they had trouble it
like did they it was like thirty eight
percent or thirty five percent to win
I think we're like the projections that
um that are 538 to make
oh I'm sorry actually I'm still wrong
the polls had them within I'm sorry that
was so wrong it was so stupid of me to
say it the polls had them within like
five points I think it was within five
probably narrower than that the most
recent one yes yeah yeah so yeah this is
like a huge leak out but a week or two
out you know they had her sweeping no
yeah so I mean we can look at the
general election of Trump versus Clinton
like we can very easily none of these
are private we can look at the polls
yeah if we I'm just bringing up the RCP
averages right on like before the
election they were within they were
about three point two points away from
each other
with Hillary polling forty six point
eight percent in from polling forty
three point six percent now a lot of
people pass around that horrible [ __ ]
Huffington Post projection that magenta
celery was 95 with ninety nine percent
but a lot of people try to use this to
illustrate that the polling was bad that
all the polling was off the polling was
actually pretty accurate was really
close in most places it was actually
correct Hillary Clinton did win the
election by about two to three million
votes but Trump had his votes in the
right areas such that he was able to
swing the electoral college his way and
he ended up walking away with the
presidential would but the polling was
pretty close
a lot of the projections were off but
538 did project Trump I want to say it
was like 35 percent chance to win like
it was which was which is fair I mean it
was unlikely that he would win but he
did you know maybe I'm remembering
things incorrectly I'm so glad you
brought them up I mean a lot of liberals
did feel like it was foregone that
Hillary would win I agree with that that
was a little bit too confident but and I
think that's you know there's there's a
lot of blame to go around on you know
how it happened why it happened I think
a lot of people didn't go out and vote
because they felt it was a shoo-in
they just didn't feel I need to get out
and I always tell people that even if
you don't like the major candidates like
your local elections do matter uh-huh
directly don't affect you so like even
if you don't care about the general
election like please go vote for your
City Council please go vote for your
Senators go vote for your congressman go
vote for your treasurer like that
stuff matters um you know and you know
we had very in it I guess it didn't help
you know that Fox CNN everyone else was
just giving him free time you know to
this they were in his uh his rallies and
their entirety
you were seen eBrush swelling of support
did you ever see the videos from San
Jose and he did a campaign rally and a
lot of people got beat up um it's
possible I don't remember which exactly
these were but that would be and I'm
sure I could show you those videos at a
later date that'll be a great example of
showing you videos where people were
getting beat up bloody that and
literally feet away from police officer
while they're just getting like bombs
dropped on you know people came out to
protest Trump and I felt that that
incident made people really sympathetic
to his cause and so I'm getting Trump
protesters attacks supporters at San
Jose rally is this what you're talking
about or there's something different yes
yes the footage is pretty harrowing it's
pretty bad but we see uh you know was
after that point you know we see this
great swelling yeah that woman they
throw eggs at her yeah this guy gets
jumped up on I'm just I'm really
uncomfortable with this narrative this
idea like this idea that there are
people doing all these horrible violent
acts and like police officers aren't
doing anything to stop it
like I mean I feel I'm being well like
your narrative is that there's the
narrative is if there's some weird order
to stand down or stand by and watch this
happen because it's liberals doing it or
whatever and that could be possible I'm
a big fan of I think it's called
hanlin's raiser don't attribute to
malice what could be better explained by
stupidity I'm not going by stupidity in
this case but like it seems more likely
to me that police probably have specific
measures set in place to
deal with like riots and that a police
is never gonna like run forward into a
riot we're like two people are fighting
because I would probably cause [ __ ]
mayhem that's my guess I I don't know I
don't have police training I'm sure
there's probably a company awesome or in
the audience that yeah let's say that
you're absolutely right and this is a
more of a matter of police policy than
some nefarious you know overall bias
came yeah it doesn't help when the
following day and this is how the
general public is going to see it it
didn't help very much when the following
day Mayor Sam Locarno got in front of
the cameras and blamed Trump for the
violence and said that was his fault
that protesters got people got beat up
and I think there was a lawsuit filed
and well anybody can file a lawsuit so
that's neither here no theater but there
was a lawsuit filed you know to blame
that went through the motions and a
judge said that the lawsuit could go
through against the city that they did
not supply efficient or not efficient
but a substantial or significant oh just
the defense in pleasing I mean I don't
think um I I mean I think it's fair to
blame Trump for a lot of the violence
though I mean Trump has had pretty
violent rhetoric and a lot of his
speeches like he just I've heard what he
said you know punch that guy in the face
take his coat get him out of here I'll
pay I'll pay for your your-your-your
bail or I forgot the specifics that he
said I'll pay for the legal right and I
believe that people in the right or
supporters of Trump would just this is
what I think they would say I'm not
supporting it I'm just saying they would
say that oh well that's just that's just
boisterous talk he's not being serious
okay but you see that but like just a
couple months ago didn't we have some
guy literally mailing bombs to like
Soros yeah that was absolutely so I mean
Lee is that really responsible it's like
right now for instance on my stream I
could say something like alright guys
we're gonna [ __ ] go kill all these
goddamn Republicans and I could say it a
ton and then 18:8 be like oh it's just
as easy jogging
I mean like if I have a sufficiently
large audience or if I'm running for
president of the United States there's
probably a decent chance that some
percentage of people are going to take
that seriously
no but do you think it's fair to dial
back his comments during the campaign
trail to the actions of a crazy nut
today I mean that the guys in the bones
happened two months ago three months ago
not so long ago but I'm saying would you
would you say that it's would you say
that him saying hey drag that guy out of
my my rally I don't think that's
equating to hey I want somebody to go
mail bombs to like my opposition well I
was talking about violence at rallies
before but yeah I do think that
supporting harmful conspiracy theorists
people like Alex Jones or even people
like Ben Shapiro III do think that
supporting these types of people I think
yeah you can argue that there is some
culpability there for people that buy
into conspiracy theories I mean like if
I get out and I say every day that some
group of people is a threat to the
existence of white people and that these
people are actively trying to destroy
you I think it's a reasonable response
to that that you might try to kill those
people like yeah if they're literally
trying to destroy your people sure right
and I mean Trump literally has engaged
in violent rhetoric before during his
campaign trail so it seems like he's
okay with it
I mean he made the second amendment
jokes about Hillary he's talked about
beating people up and he's talked about
throwing members of political opponents
into jail and [ __ ] like so I mean yeah I
mean it seems to be okay yes absolutely
him saying beat that guy up you know is
a call for violence you know not gonna
defend that same locker upper lock you
know political opponents up that's uh
that's a judicial process you know
there's a problem with uh somebody
saying that they're gonna lock up their
key their opponent in a presidential
race or after making it to the actual
White House saying they're gonna lock up
prior presidential opponents Thunderer
his Department of Justice his opponent
would be in jail that doesn't scare you
a little bit as an American you know
that you should be in jail
that's one kind of his opinion I mean
that's not gonna happen unless there's
an actual trial and uh that's just what
I mean when I talk about how I don't
believe people sometimes when they talk
about being skeptical like this is so
skeptic that you're giving so much
charity here it is is actually
unbelievable to me so like for me I'm a
very big I'm insanely so I'm a very big
the political term is liberal but like a
classical liberal so I believe in things
like liberalism so freedom of the press
individual liberties individual freedoms
I'm for better for worse a big believer
in our Constitution so to me if our head
of state is talking about locking up
political opponents that to me
represents a very Garriott what do you
during the political decision when he
was in true no no he's yeah he well one
he said that he literally have chance of
lock her up and then he said it in a
debate with Hillary Clinton bid it under
his DOJ she would be in jail yes yes he
said that that's scary to me at somebody
that believes like in um like yeah as
somebody I don't know somebody that
believes in any ideas of liberalism the
idea that my president could be talking
about locking up political opponents
that's a very scary idea to me I guess I
mean okay I'm not gonna I mean will you
put it that way
yeah it does sound scary and maybe when
I was want my interpretation of it was
like oh god this guy's just you know
talking [ __ ] again I'm not gonna
discredit what you're saying
obvious I'm not just reading and I'm not
gonna downplay because when you put it
in that context I'm pretty scary I'm
what I'm saying is I didn't really take
it that seriously why can't we take
anything Trump like do you notice that
whenever we parse Trump's statements the
only way that like you can make him
palatable is to literally say we have to
treat him like a [ __ ] [ __ ] like
that's a century sound like well he just
said everybody really does that now Bob
I mean like that's our head of state if
I'm not supposed to take his words
seriously especially when cuz because
people will say like well he just says
that but he doesn't mean it but we're
coming off of the longest shutdown that
lasted a hundred fifty percent of the
time of the previous one we're coming
off the longest shutdown in US history
over getting funding for a wall when we
were rejecting bipartisan approved
government funding bills because Trump
wanted a wall when we affected
we ban transgender people I think new
transgender people from joining the
military when we it's not an actual ban
it's well there are some more details to
that it's not an outright ban but
continue it's you know okay so my
understanding of this and I can we can
read real quick if I'm wrong my
understanding right now is that if you
sign up for the military if you are sex
and gender are not the same thing that
you will be banned from joining the
military that's my current understanding
of that they don't I'm probably not
particularly have to say this and it's
probably better that I read it directly
from an article but my understanding the
last that I read is they're not outright
banning all trans people only if you are
currently on hormones Korn fusion
sounds like a that sounds like a ban on
trans people or igus so try making
treatment like if you're actively in
having hormonal treatment at the time
and I would argue you know again as I
stated before I think everyone has the
right to exist as long as you're not
hurting the body do you who I got no
problem trans people and have trans
friends I do not think the theater of
war is the right place for someone going
through transition I'm not I'm not
necessarily advocating a ban but I would
say probably not the best place for you
to be okay but we already have policies
in place in the you and the you and the
army to deal with stuff like this
they do and they're now updated well why
would you update it in a way that even
Trump's generals are saying is not
necessary if I'm not mistaken that the
the current policy was written out by
was his name that it was a general that
wrote this up that is this isn't Trump's
doing this entire policy is has been
done by a military as my that is my
understanding
if you have something that says
otherwise I'd love to see it but it's my
understanding that the current policy
has been written out by current military
brass and it is and only it only affects
those who are actively I'm pretty sure
that when he initially proposed this and
tweeted it out it was a surprise by like
a whole bunch of people in the military
that a lot of people were blindsided by
this that is true that is true and they
be held off on it and said there needs
to be an entire review so here we are
you know months and months after said
review and the new policy is what it is
after a thorough investigation and
review okay well I'm sure that you know
because it doesn't impact you or it
doesn't mean that much to you I'm just
saying that like when we go when we look
at this when we look at how much damage
was just caused recently by our
government shutdown when we look at the
state of Daka children or the state of
transgender people in the military or
the state of tariffs right now that are
hurting our economy when we look at all
of these issues that a long time ago
like this is something I'll definitely
fight back on you on Democrats could
have solved this a long time ago why
they haven't I have no idea
South what Dunkirk could have been
solved a long time ago how could it have
been solved a long time ago well that
was one of the offers on the table
recently and it's been on the table in
previous month last year I believe Daka
Trump was offering this was in exchange
for funding for the wall but even free
front no yes currently and even last
year daca was part of the the larger
debate and there was an offer for daca
that was denied by the Democrats wasn't
that still in exchange for funding for
the wall last year yeah I take it you
don't support the wall dig on that why
do you not support the wall because one
it wouldn't even help the problems that
it does help and two it just seems like
a thinly veiled way for Republican
conservatives to say [ __ ] off to
Hispanic people okay I definitely see
that that version of the argument
there's a lot of philosophical things I
could say sure let's go philosophical I
don't like the idea of building a giant
wall on our southern border that
wouldn't really even effectively
alleviate the problems that claims to
while simultaneously hurting our
relationship with a country to the south
of us one of our most important trading
partners
that's my philosophical one on it okay
um do you think there should be no
barrier whatsoever well I mean I think
that we have some barriers in place we
could strengthen integration areas where
we need to I think that comprehensive
immigration reform is something we
should push for probably more so than
that but I mean border security is
important sure but you don't but you
don't think there needs to be additional
infrastructure at the southern brother
everyone in chat is like screaming at me
so apparently the Democrats offered
twenty five billion dollars last year in
exchange for daca and Trump actually
turned it down a lot of people are like
screaming at me to get that point across
but um okay anyway yeah I mean no I I'm
more in favor of figuring out ways to
stop illegal immigration by I guess like
strengthening Mexico as a country or or
working with Mexico to figure that out I
think that our border security is
important but I don't think that
building a giant wall across the border
is gonna help us with a legal
immigration
I mean it's 25 billion dollars plus
perpetual Manning and funding of this
like we've already strengthen border
security in the past it seems like net
Mexicans into this country is decreased
since 2010 I think so I mean like I just
don't think that we need a new something
we need a wall it just sounds like a
really silly kind of like childlike like
Israel has a wall let's build a wall
I think walls of work I don't know it
just seems really silly especially we're
like almost all of the illegal or like
half the illegal people here of like
overstayed visas and [ __ ] like I don't
know
yeah I think that the only usefulness of
the wall would to be to stop small-time
in this small time people just trying to
get over you know well not really shits
and giggles but for reasons and I think
we really really repair we would Trump
would sign an executive order to require
all companies the United States to use
by why and I think that would drive [ __ ]
overnight a verified what's that verify
is a it's to verify the Citizenship and
status and identification of an employee
don't you already have to see some photo
ID but when you hire somebody just know
you know are you sure or w-4 [ __ ] what
you fill out for income verification
well not every state use it so a lot of
people use stolen Social Security
numbers and other almost security use
numbers you can probably get through
like an e-verify anyway
is it a w-2 IR it's an i-9 maybe an i-9
when you fill out an eye on you have to
show like a photo ID or whatever for
employment eligibility like this is part
of will some probably take that
information and don't really file it
anywhere or they might follow but the
state hatin that doesn't get it really
go anywhere there's a lot of ways skirt
that but I think if you just use their
be verified you would drive a bit up
quickly because it instantly you could
deny someone or instantly would know the
status of someone if they're legal to
work or not um why we don't do that I
don't know okay yeah I don't know I mean
if somebody wanted like to hire illegals
it seems like they would just do it and
not usually verify now or just lie about
it like they do well they do you know
and and issues in that it's yes I don't
see how this would help anything
for those who aren't blatantly skirting
belong and intentionally trying to hire
illegals I mean that drops wages for
everyone when it makes sense to just
like increase Howie's like make it
easier to just immigrate to the country
legally like we've got 13 million people
in there like we used to it like we used
to we used to give visas people to
people like in the summertime or you
know during the the pickin seasons we'd
give them a visa to come they would come
freely they would work and even go back
home why we don't do that anymore I
don't know yeah so why not just legalize
the people here right now and just make
it easier to immigrate to the country
legally instead of putting people on
one of your waiting list to get here
that's good see it's not just so you
know we've we've had the caravan come
and so if I'm not mistaken I love using
this number and I hate this number in
fact so I think it was in 2014 or 15 the
number of unaccompanied minors that came
to the southern border was 90,000 if I'm
not mistaken I'm sure you could probably
quickly find you know the the accuracy
of that and I know we have the issue
with you know separating children it's
it's one of those issues where you can't
just let everybody in check I mean you
document him and you let him in and then
you just register them the majority of
them are not coming through ports of
entry well wouldn't they if it was
easier to get into the country illegally
possibly like why would you risk all the
illegal [ __ ] like it's a very dangerous
journey Trump himself even says it right
there journey to get here absolutely
could be really dangerous so it was
really wanted to do it [ __ ] it it takes
a [ __ ] ton of time which is why people
do it illegal it costs money and it
takes time so those are the two big
areas of why people you know come in
illegally that's two things that I mean
yeah I guess you could hire a [ __ ] ton
of new administrative people to process
you know this very quickly but then you
have a lot of people who aren't gonna be
approved in that process anyway although
whatever reasons are like the [ __ ]
murderers or some [ __ ] that's okay I'm
okay with not approving these people
okay but you know coming here for the
CEO fat fish your purpose of economic
reasons it's not enough free loan it is
for some people but that is and I'm kind
of blurring asylum in between this but
yes many people come here to work
[Music]
that's what's wrong with that no way
like I'm the cat so I'm just to be clear
I'm a very very very big capitalist and
I'm big on like free markets and whatnot
almost too like a libertarian level
depending on what we're talking about
just as a for full disclosure so I'm a
big fan of like immigration minimum wage
it's a little complicated from-from like
a market theory point of view I don't
really like most forms of price controls
but in reviewing the empirical data it
seems like minimum wage to spend an
effective way at establishing a good
price control it seems like I hope
excuse me Harris customer I says but it
seems like laborers have an inability to
effectively negotiate wages against
employers and it seems like minimum wage
policies have been effective at raising
wages for people without causing too
many detrimental impacts to the two
other markets so I'm generally in favor
of it from an empirical point of view
getting into the idea of being
comfortable with the idea of no minimum
wage I know it's never going to have but
I think there's a lot of arguments on
how our rapid not rapidly increasing
better increase in minimum wage is
actually hurting people I haven't seen
that empirically demonstrated anywhere
example very quickly so when I was
younger my first job was at Red Lobster
I was an alley coordinator so when the
food came to me I would arrange it make
it pretty put some garnish on it you
know make sure the stuff with air and
though I only worked two hours and at
the time I probably made you know five
six bucks an hour who knows or not that
little bit so I think there's a lot of
situations in which an employer might
want to hire somebody to do a very
specific type of task and where that
would that be wash dishes you know fold
silverware you know do that but he can't
do that under the current state of
federal employment laws that if you have
someone come in you have to keep them
for at least four hours at least here in
California and you have to pay them food
that's an hour or whatever the noise may
be yeah and this argument in theory and
I agree with this argument in theory and
I said that theoretically I agree that
it's about policy but if we look at the
empirical data we just can't find any
tie
to unemployment and minimum wage this
just doesn't exist it's a fantasy yeah I
understand there are reasons for this
though right and we could what we could
think of our possible reasons well why
is it that that if we increase the
minimum wage it seems like we should see
an increase in unemployment it makes
sense if you're telling people to pay
more to somebody than what they're worth
it seems like we should see some sort of
increase in unemployment amongst these
people and that doesn't happen so the
idea is it seems like the market isn't
capable of setting a good wage for
workers because workers don't have the
ability to negotiate well for wages
maybe people don't have the mobility to
move around and get other jobs maybe
it's hard to find different work that's
competitive for a variety of reasons so
it seems like forcing companies to pay a
higher wage to somebody it works out as
an effective economic tool I guess
that's what it seems that's what it
seems to be like even though even that
even that minimum wage study that was
done in Seattle was revised where
initially it looked wholly horrible and
then there were revisions made where it
seems like for the most part there are
some costs and some benefits but for the
most part it seemed pretty positive in
Seattle the minimum wage thing that was
passed there and that was a pretty
significant hike I think up to 15 an
hour yeah what would be prior to that
I'm not sure what it went what it went
from statewide Washington's minimum wage
increases to $12 per hour in 2019 are
from 1150 and 2018 so maybe 11:50
Seattle's new minimum wage is more than
double the federal minimum and you know
so maybe it was around maybe it was
around 1150 an hour I guess
so at least as soon as things out and so
any accounting of you know small mom and
pops that had to go under during that
time or did it not affect most of what
I'm looking for are like overall effects
unemployment I'm not too sure about
small mom-and-pop shops I don't know I
would imagine that these people already
have trouble competing with um with
larger firms though I mean it's just
basic economy of scale like yeah but I'm
also not sure if I care as much about
that - I don't know if I necessarily
care about the success of small
businesses if they have to be able to on
the backs of labor that is being sort of
grossly underpaid and I don't know how
much I care about that I would have to
think about that one I mean but we still
need small business I mean it's yeah but
do we need a small business that can
only exist on the backs of labor being
paid at 725 an hour we already do and
most of that employment has been done by
people who are here undocumented and I'm
not a fan of that either
okay you know I think I mean if we bring
them all in and make them legal then
that won't happen anymore cuz you'll
have to pay them a minimum wage huh this
is very you know in some ways it just
seems like you know if we remove all the
hurdle to get here and make the process
easy and you know have some very
clear-cut defined you know requirements
on how you can immigrate here and what
you can emigrate for you know not only
that just regular immigration but also
Asylum seeking it really just in some
ways disintegrates our border and just
makes us a place that people can just go
to if everybody can come here and of
course everybody wants to come here for
like economic opportunity and it's not
necessarily anything wrong with that it
but it does get in that really iffy
situation where you're just like oh yeah
everyone just just come over like I live
in a nice neighborhood right if someone
if they lowered board this is gonna
sound bad
if you lower the the bar to entry into
my neighborhood my neighborhood wouldn't
be what it is now like lombarda ng to
your neighborhood is probably a
financial one I don't think that would
change at all yes
yeah well the bar to get into the United
States is also financial kind of yeah
somewhat arbitrary are you in a lottery
or whatever but I mean I don't
necessarily think somebody entering the
country is the same as somebody entering
a neighborhood there's plenty of people
entering the country that I'm never
going to associate with in my entire
life but in some ways you will feel the
effects of them is like a capitalist
because I'm super focused on the economy
the effects that I would hopefully feel
would be like lower prices and consumer
goods and stuff I'm equally sure you
know maybe like a higher tax base right
like more fiscal contributions and
whatnot so I mean I would generally
consider that positive not really
fiscally positive in the United States
they're definitely economically positive
they tend to pay inward I think
generally then they get out by narrow
margins no no no no I believe the the
services and money that we pay out -
there's not enact net equal let me fly
date unbiased source for that
information but I am fairly fairly
certain that that what we pay out to
have undocumented people here is much
greater than what they bring in to us so
this is old
I will admit there might be something
more recent a 2007 review of the
academic literature by the Congressional
Budget Office found that over the past
two decades most efforts to estimate the
fiscal impact of immigration in the
United States have concluded that in
aggregate and over the long term tax
revenues of all types generated by
immigrants both legal and unauthorized
exceed the cost of services that they
use well the overall fiscal impact on
the US is beneficial unauthorized
immigrants have an adverse impact on the
budgets of state and local governments
while cautioning that the reports are
not a suitable basis for developing an
aggregate national effect across all
states they concluded that this is from
the CBO which we use that this was 2007
so it's possible that's changed in the
past decade I generally said music yeah
I'm looking at a lot of numbers but I'm
looking for something unbias you know I
got something from watchdog which is a
watchdog.org I've never seen this before
I've reported illegal immigrants
receiving Medicaid cost taxpayers 18
billion 18 point five billion annually
that's just a headline I don't know if
the Chakra see of this does that take
into account the money that immigrants
pay in to Medicaid or I can read through
this watchdog here we go ap News I can
trust that I know Donald Trump said that
we lose 250 billion a year and he was
wrong on that and a lot of like
over-the-top blatant like misinformation
that number what somebody's wrong he
intentionally lies I think there's a big
problem another very scary thing for a
head of state to do I think the more
accurate number is anywhere between 75
and like 130 a year is what it costs us
but I'm looking specifically on how much
we receive in taxes and there's not a
net gain in fact
[Music]
hi here we go
oh well Wikipedia how's that economic
impact immigrants see dates they have it
at the Institute of taxation and
economic policy released a report in
February 2016 stating that 11 million
illegal immigrants in the United States
are paying annually an estimated amount
of 11.6 four billion and state and local
taxes on average an estimated of 8
percent of their incomes so throwing and
not using Trump's number but the
estimates have waged anywhere between 75
billion and a 160 billion and somewhere
in between there at the estimates are
accurate number of what the United
States pays to have them here if this is
saying that they're only paying into the
system one way the other 11 point you
know six billion careful those are what
you just mentioned were only state and
local taxes it doesn't take into account
federal income taxes and that'll
certainly how far payroll taxes FICO
Social Security and Medicare I know not
taking social security i don't take
social security but if they're using a
fake number they're paying into it yeah
right I'm looking for something record a
politifact rated a statement run amok
and I'm not here we go
PolitiFact undocumented immigrants pay
12 billion in taxes every 2016 study
nonpartisan Institute X okay one point
six that's 2013 you know what I'm sure
there's a study somewhere but it might
be almost in potty we're assuming that
obviously if they're illegal they're not
using you know it's really hard to track
what they're paying in federal that's
not what it's gonna it's gonna be hard
to track what they pay in federal oh
yeah a lot of the a lot of the numbers
and information around undocumented
workers is very hard to do you can find
some pretty different some pretty big
estimates you've got to do a lot of
guesswork I mean because there
documented right although to be fair I'm
I'm talking about legal immigrants right
here not necessarily undocumented ones
but and also this is only we're only
talking about fiscal impact as well no
economist debates the economic impact
which is overwhelmingly positive of
immigrants which is obvious in an Akon
theory when you grow supply in your
economy you're growing the economy
you're going to supply labor and your
consumer base you're gonna grow the
aggregate demand everything as well
right but but fiscally like most people
agree that it's either a wash or
slightly positive that seems to be that
what I've come across so far but forgive
my ignorance and what is the difference
between economic and fiscal oh so a
fiscal impact is going to be an impact
on a state budget the amount that the
state spends on a citizen and the amount
that a state receives from a citizen so
you spend on instead of sends via
welfare redistribution all those
programs and you receive money via tax
receipts or other forms of value-added
tax whatever whether you'd call it out
here and then economic impact so like
here's an example I might be able to
move into a state and because I'm
working there I make a whole bunch of
other businesses and I'm massively
beneficial but maybe my maybe my income
is so low that I get more back in in
state taxes than I actually pay him so
in that case I would have a fiscal drain
on the state but I would be an economic
boon to the state does that make sense
yeah yeah
so most people agree while every
economists I've ever seen right about it
agrees that um right if you if you're
talking like if you ever anytime you
increase the supply to your economy
you're probably growing your economy and
labor is one of your most important
supplies so if you grow your supply of
labor in an economy you're going to grow
your economy and most everybody agrees
that like immigration is an economic
boon now fiscally because lower-class
people tend to draw more than they pay
in fiscally it people can't get lost in
they're not lost on this but we'll come
to either awake it's a wash so they take
out about as much as they pay in or or
they're a slight benefit to it but not
necessarily as much as like more wealthy
natives would be that's what I've come
across obviously and I we could run
through I think if you go to like the
economics subreddit they've got like a
whole [ __ ] sidebar on immigration and
economics because a lot of people will
debate and kind of miss her as an
information in this area but I'm looking
at a sy V Elevens chat because the sky
is either way more responsible ninety
percent of the people he talks to
he's hiding his power level oh wait what
yeah and sy v11 this guy is either way
more reasonable than 99% of the people
he talks to or he's hiding his power oh
I believe they were friendiy weight
referring to me my beliefs
oh no they're in something to you I can
yeah don't worry about it
don't worry don't listen a chatter okay
yeah no no I love ya chance awesome no
they did pose some of my tweets I'm not
sure which ones but I mean people have
called me conservative in the past I
don't think in my my views are overly
conservative in some areas sure one of
the oh that's you we don't have to go
through this now but like that this is
um just like look at it yeah they like
that because a lot of people obviously
will debate and talk about different
sources related to like immigration or I
know it's good or bad economic impact in
you know fiscal impact you know
especially you know since we're here in
the state of California how do you feel
about the conspiracy theories that some
people have that the Democratic Party is
intentionally bringing or fighting to
bring in more illegals to increase their
voter base
I mean people make those arguments
there's a lot of ways to talk around
this but I mean basically what you're
disagreeing with here is whether or not
like how does somebody get to be a US
citizen it's kind of that the core
argument that we're supposed to address
right I mean like the way that people
vote is going to change when more people
come to this country I mean that's just
a fact if you disagree with that then I
mean your issue is basically with how
people are created or how people are
made into citizens in the United States
right which is yeah I don't know
I don't see why both sides shouldn't be
able to appeal to people that immigrate
here though it seems like I mean this is
going this is very personal but like
most Hispanic people I wish my friends
on the right would open up a bit more
about immigration yeah understand these
are our enemies yes
go out there and they live they love to
tote you know Moe but ms-13 you know
drug dealers and stuff
they'll probably never meet an ms-13
member and this is really bias and maybe
you can tell you and me because
obviously you're you're black but like
most of the black people that I've known
and my black friend growing up in his
family or socially or actually like
pretty conservative yes and Hispanic
people are as well right if you're gonna
talk about like the crazy LGBT people
that go out and protest for trans rights
and [ __ ] like you're finding generally
mostly [ __ ] white people here right
you know Hispanic people especially when
you talk about like traditional family
traditional gender roles support for
like straight marriage and whatnot like
a lot of Hispanic people in black people
will fall conservatively under here so
it seems like the Conservatives just
alienate them over stupid policies
related to immigration or harmful
rhetoric like what Trump says about you
know people come in from Mexico why not
so I don't see any reason why people
coming here couldn't be a strength to
the Republican Party it just seems like
they want to die on like really stupid
hills that like the Republicans just
they fight some battles there seems to
be a couple battles politically that
people just need to drop Democrats
probably need to chill a little on gun
control [ __ ] they lose a lot of voters
that way and I don't think that's an
important enough issue to die on and
Republicans lose a lot of voters over
dumb [ __ ] like abortion that's probably
something you should have dropped a long
time ago like Republican that's gonna
vote for you because of your vent stance
on abortion probably isn't gonna switch
to a Democrat if you become if you just
drop it don't talk about it as much like
yeah I don't know my opinion I don't
know why he keeps coming up I think it's
stupid
you know we were much better served by
educating our young youth to not have
children out of wedlock and you know to
protect themselves properly yeah if we
fought there you know things we must
better issue but it makes them look
stupid and I think a lot of them are
steel so I have this belief that a lot
of people like to say that you know
Trump only chumps trying to play towards
the evangelicals I don't think that
voting demographic matters anymore I
mean demographics people vote like
pretty hardcore if we look at like the
breakdown for Trump like there are huge
divisions between like Hispanic and
black voters and in terms of which how
they vote
or republican like wait somebody found
an article from San Jose calm with me in
it which one is that I might post that
again who posted that [ __ ] I missed it
because I don't remember doing an
article for San Jose dot-com but I
probably did I don't know there's a lot
of articles out there with me from stuff
oh it's just a picture of you on a
narrow toe outfit I think oh that's that
poor core piece that I did one sorry I
know it's one that is I'd actually dated
that girl for a while that was a way to
date me she's like she begged me to like
I do that art and she wanted to hook up
and that was her lead the subject I wish
I wish Republicans and just people leave
that [ __ ] alone isn't stupid but as I
was saying about evangelicals a lot of
people say that you know thrums trying
to the right in general is always trying
to play towards that base I'm not sure
they matter anymore like yeah they will
always exist in some fashion and I just
think they're becoming less and less
significant Oh evangelical votes are
really really really important for the
Republicans for conservatives like
appealing to that base is pretty [ __ ]
important like there's a lot of there's
a lot of [ __ ] votes there do you
believe that the left is ignoring them
because I'm seeing yeah the left
alienates a lot of people they through
the way that they do their messaging
Bernie was really good about bringing
people in but populist usually are but
yeah I think the left has a lot of
trouble with their political messaging
for sure yeah
but I mean like the right does as well
which is I mean like do you have any
strong opinions about like Steve King or
oh that I didn't know anything about all
those comments came out and I'm gonna
regretfully say that when I heard them
my first thought was like there's no way
he could have meant that uh-huh
so I was trying to do some mental
gymnastics to like justify his comment
because they weren't very
straightforward um and if I remember
them correctly a reporter asked him do
you know that by heart because I'm
trying to remember in my head they're
deport asked him something about white
nationalist white supremacist and some
of their and I think the reporter asked
him are the offensive term and Steve
King said how is white nationalist white
supremacist an offensive term my first
inclination was he thought that the
reporter was saying to either speak
those words or to call someone that is
offensive as if you were to call someone
the f-word you know or the in word like
how is the term white supremacist or
white nationalist offensive that was my
thought but you know and he's been
removed from like every committee he's
on I read somewhere that he's said some
things in the past that were suspect I
mean like he tweeted about like Mexican
babies replacing white babies right I
have not seen that means like Wilders
understands that culture and
demographics demographics that's
referring to people's ethnicities right
are our destiny we can't restore our
civilization with somebody else's babies
yeah that's a shitty thing [ __ ] that
[ __ ] that dude yeah
you know as I always say like when you
got small-minded people just just wait a
while because old people have to die
eventually
old people gotta die but I mean there's
like a whole slew of like younger people
now that are kind of being indoctrinated
or taken in under kind of like this
this kind of like trumpism stuff this
extreme protectionism extreme
nationalism it's kind of happening all
over the world right I don't know your
personal position but you're Punk are
you like pro brexit as well like I think
you know decide the path for you know
their [ __ ] as they seem
I'm not right up enough on it about the
extremes my goal is always to bring
people closer towards the center and yes
that type of rhetoric throws people
further right and some of the rhetoric
from you know members of the left brings
people far left I don't think there's in
a room for that there no home and no
ambiguity with those type of comments
you know when you throw a race racial
comments like that about you know
Mexicans you know taking over white
babies that's it's ignorant and there's
stupid and you know and it makes it
harder for a person like me that
considers myself a centrist you know who
wants to bring people you know further
from the edges you say I'm just curious
when you consider yourself a centrist
what do you think you have left-leaning
positions on who carry us cuz it seems
like you've spent almost as entire time
pretty much defending like the the
standard conservative talking points so
like you believe in singles hair or a
socialized health care ya know and I
think everyone I think trans people have
the right to exist I don't believe in
any form of discrimination against
anybody in any way I believe women have
the right to choose yes I have some
minor leaning issues with Planned
Parenthood that has an organization but
I would never say that it needs to go
away like I said like I went there just
couple weeks ago I definitely have
issues with Marcus Marcus singer and I
do have issues how it foap how I feel
because there's
evidence one way or the other but how I
feel that it targets my people but I
would never say that no one should go
there and I'm not advocating for its
defunding I would never die on the heel
for that I have no problem with you know
I have no ill will towards immigrants i
do recognize for instance so immigrant
do affect my community in such a way so
we are the law we black people and
illegals tend to well black black and
brown people tend to fight over the same
types of jobs in the same type of
neighborhoods and the same types of
housing so when we're already going for
you know the same homes apartment
complex is the same types of jobs and
then you have another layer of that
where someone will come in and undercut
you on what they're willing to work for
that affects my community and then adds
for you know my housing you know not
where I live personally right now but
you know you say you've got someone
living in the hood and all of a sudden
you know their rents you know $1,000 a
month and then in comes undocumented
people and now the supply and demand has
shifted so now the demand goes up in the
supplies left so now the landlord's
gonna raise the rent because the supply
the demand has increased so now we get
moved out and then undocumented people
will come in and instead of it just
being you know two people living in a
house they'll come in with five six
seven and I'm not saying that to be
funny and I'm not saying that to be
disparaging but I just live in an
apartment complex where I lived by
myself and in all the other units it was
five six seven people living in the same
one now you know and I knew and I knew
they were illegal because the landlord
at the time told me and she was she was
Mexican herself we had a really great
relationship you know and I'm not I'm
not trying to talk bad about these
people but that was just the reality of
what it was you know that it just it is
what it was and you know so when I look
at those things and I understand how it
affects my
in my community it is an impact and we
do have some issues with that again I'm
not I'm not wishing any ill on anybody
but it's it's it's a reality that we
have to deal with and it affects us
negatively okay yeah I understand your
perspective yeah and that that's you
know I look at San Francisco where you
know a half assed decent apartments
gonna cost you four grand below there's
okay I won't even go there I mean a lot
of these are related to like zoning
problems and whatnot as well for that
issue since you know we were talking
about this this happened in Irvine but
this has happened a lot in this country
there was an apartment complex very
similar this is a pretty small article
can I just read this really quickly just
sorry before we yeah federal agents
raided a slew of luxury maternity hotels
in California at Wednesday for allegedly
housing Chinese women who wanted to give
birth in America diamond of homeland
security officials from 20 locations in
Los Angeles Orange County and San
Bernardino County looking for suspected
birth tourism operations in which
Chinese nationals allegedly paid
handlers between forty and eighty
thousand dollars to advise them on
obtaining visas flying through the least
suspicious airports even disguising
their pregnancies NBC News reported one
such building was the Carlyle
a luxury apartment building in Irvine
which was the focus of the bust a
neighbor near that building told NBC
that she found it strange the forklift
delivered an excessive quantity of
diapers to the building but did not
realize the extent of the scheme though
it's not illegal to have their babies in
the United States birth tourists usually
lie to the immigration officials about
their reasons for travel quoting to an
official cited by NBC the bigger focus
however are the organizers of websites
that targeted women in China and sold
the maternity hotel States to them for
that reason I thought he's done an
arrest of women staying the buildings on
Wednesdays but instead to use them as
witnesses in an attempt to prosecute the
handlers The Carlyle has been previously
suspected at birth tourism as part of a
long spending probe starting in June of
2014 a separate incident occurred in
California in 2015 when officials
charged family Chinese nationals with
violating court orders to stay in the US
as they investigated the practice birth
tourism has been somewhat popped in the
United States with court papers cited in
the NBC article estimating the forty
thousand children every year were born
to women were in the u.s. on a travel
visa
oh [ __ ] stop to boot
wait so what is so what am I supposed to
take from this heretic a subject earlier
we actually had one of those down the
street from me in Santa Clara the same
set up there they're paying you know 40
grand and kind of skirting the system to
have children here so that they could go
back and then come back again one day
with an technically a quote-unquote
anchor baby and a pinions on that I mean
that that is you know part of you know
one of the issues that we have to deal
with not only on the southern border but
also through these you know allegedly
wealthy Chinese people and Russians and
in various other you know nationalities
people that come here for the sole
purpose of do you think that birthright
citizenship should be been no much to
say about this is there you know so my
father was born in Paris and I try to
seek out the consulate to see if I could
try to get you know dual citizenship and
they were like well you know no you
can't I was like why not they were like
well because you weren't born here and
so I was like [ __ ] we are one of the few
countries that do it and I'm not saying
we shouldn't but it's definitely one of
the reasons that attracts people here
the idea that as long as you can get
over the border and you know squeeze
went out you're guaranteed at some point
down the line or immediately to reap the
benefits you know of the country and you
know a lot of uh constitutional scholars
have argued if that was intended you
know from our forefathers at times I
think this is definitely
this is not what is was intended you
know for citizenship and look at this
article again while it sounds like
they're trying to set up a larger
operation going up to the people let's
stand it up right I mean I mean if it's
illegal they have if it's legal have a
baby they're just I mean I think I mean
it sounded like I was trying to trick
you earlier but I mean you could
probably make arguments to get rid of
birthright citizenship I'm not trying to
get you I mean I don't know birthright
so like if citizenship covers a whole
bunch of benefits on to you if somebody
walks over and spits out a baby in
American soil does that make them a
citizen I don't know maybe it shouldn't
I don't know I haven't thought too much
about either side but like I mean I
could see people like you know think
about it in my heart like deep down it
shouldn't it really it shouldn't but it
is what it is
I don't think our we're not economically
we weren't really designed to be that
way okay we scrape that yeah it does
have an economic impact you know when
people are intentionally coming here you
know that's an American citizen like how
is that like costing us is that like
costing us money like oh that's okay
well let's go with a a common scenario
someone regardless of nationality you
know finds a way over the border or over
they stays their visa and they're not
documented and they have a child
sometimes oh let's go at the scenario
that they have no money and no husband
or anything like that so it's just them
and they're pregnant so they go to the
ER without any money you know and of
course the doctor has to treat them so
that's gonna be some costs I'm sure they
can apply for medical or you know some
other form of distance someone's gonna
pay for that some so then now that they
have a child they are eligible for
welfare
foods amps you know some other form of
you know financial aid but I mean
they'll be working in paying taxes as
well right and like generally if they
can I mean there's a lot of people out
here without getting section 8 housing
or some other form of a extremely
discounted living situation they're not
paying for or paying very very very
little for yeah I believe this type of
behavior puts an unnecessary strain on a
community maybe I don't know if people
that I mean like if you're somebody that
can afford to pay forty thousand dollars
to fly over here to have a kid for the
Chinese ladies I mean like these are
probably fairly wealthy people anyway
right I doubt it but I would argue that
you know the other the alternative or
one of the alternatives ie people coming
from the southern border who aren't you
know are in these luxury hotels that
that's a as more reality that they don't
have the financial means to cover
themselves long term and we have to take
care of them I'm not saying that we
shouldn't you know we're not gonna put
them out on the streets but you know
we're not we're not set up to be that
you know or to do that you know it's a
it's a great screen but you know it's
not really what's a way to stop it you
know and that reason alone I'm just
saying that it is a reality that people
come through you know the southern
border and you know an add a drain on
the system sure okay oh yeah I mean I
think we've covered a [ __ ] ton of topics
I didn't hear a lot more reasonable than
I thought you would be nice I thought
there's gonna be a huge [ __ ] show so
thanks for that oh you know I was gonna
put all the right wing talking point
yeah there's another guy called some
black guy that usually does that I don't
you know I'm talking about
no no the guy oh that wasn't racist such
like this is it oh yes I do support
Candace Owens and I also you know
Anthony
logan is on youtube I think I met him at
the rally
oh okay so for reference I didn't know
where you were going but you told me
that you needed guns to protect
yourselves when the KKK came marching
down your street or you remember your
grandma doing that when I talked to him
about the KKK he said that all they did
was bring presents to his family so
that's yeah so these are the types of
people that I generally talk to or like
he told me that like redlining back in
the past that was only people denying
people with poor credit loans it had
nothing to do with whether or not you
were black so these are the types of
people can talk to when I talk to black
comes home I'm gonna say something that
I'm really really gonna regret and I
promised myself so many times that I
would never say this about another
brother but if he actually said that the
KKK brought him presents and if there's
nothing wrong with him
[ __ ] the house Negro yeah sorry
hold on yeah and to be clear I'm talking
about Anthony Brian Logan not some black
guy house Negroes have to do right you
can't actually mean yeah but he also
opened our conversation with that same
talking point that you did about how
Planned Parenthood is in charge of
killing all the black babies too so
that's why I didn't know if our
conversation was gonna go okay I got
scared when you brought up the KKK
because I thought you were about to hit
me up with that one and I wasn't sure
but I hope you understand the reason why
they're not based in like you know
fantasy world like they come from a
place of logic and understanding in it
it's not an absolute condemnation of
Planned Parenthood as an organization
but it's just you know the numbers are
there and I question why they're there
try and not necessarily blaming I
disagree with your methodology quite a
bit but I totally understand it and I
don't think it's coming from a bad place
yeah all right well cool hey listen I'll
plug your channel on my chat you know
you edited me on some points and I
definitely have some links I need to
look at and uh yeah you know you're good
people you what you're very well-versed
and I love how when I bring up something
like you you look
up on the spot so you know I love facts
to be even if I'm wrong I definitely
want the facts to come out all right
cool well hey I really appreciate the
conversation man yeah man
have a great night see you later take
care
