wait what's here what's your major what
are you sitting I'm signing
international relations at USC okay do
you think Trump has done a good job so
far with his international relations
shitty job he's just not understand ah
so ever okay we'll call I mean if you
want to set something up you can always
like message me on disk or something but
yeah I don't usually just like drag a
bunch of people in because then people
just start screaming at each other and
it's not much - hey no that sounds good
destiny alright you don't have a Twitter
right you're banned off though I am the
[ __ ] you put there's a bunch of [ __ ]
that put their [ __ ] on the what are you
putting on there that gets you bad I
just I make fun of black people that
want to have white f no space is what I
did last time they got me banned so how
long the ban you for your blog it's okay
I'm like comma band on every account I
can't even make a new account oh I'm
tagged with you discord dear what do
discord
oh yeah view message me a discredit yeah
I always check out sure all right I'm
gonna send friend request to you I'll
hit you up later whenever you got
something going on and I feel like I
have something to add to this
conversation sure thing buddy okay my
issues like even is at rolling I got the
share budget 5 of their went rolling
like I'm friends with like they're not
they're not trolling I like I spent a
lot of time I don't know yes oh yeah
well I mean look it I mean Trump is
president dude what do you mean our
peoples areas well that's the that's the
alt-right calling card is that a lot of
people believe that because Jewish
people are over represented in media
that they're using that position to
flood multiculturalism to the rest to
the West to destroy the white man that's
like the Jewish religion news going I
mean Christianity is going now because
they're converted to Judaism
it's just through globalization people
sway away from that's what their
argument is they'll say that well Jews
are causing global ISM to happen that's
why the Jewish globalism conspiracy is a
thing Jews are causing global ISM to
make everybody secular yeah so that they
can people like a large audience and
they're just like you miss informing
people why you might have viewers that
are barely developing their political
views or things like that and they start
hearing people talking like that they
might be very you know how produced
knowledge they might believe what
they're saying so that's we thought was
me you know yeah of course it annoys me
too these people have huge [ __ ]
audiences on YouTube the Holocaust
revisionists and everything or you know
get a lot of views and a lot of people
are into that [ __ ] now so it's it's you
know I sometimes in some of my classes
which say that the us in certain aspects
is like a thurible contra contrary I
phones just because I like the level of
an occasion that people have yeah maybe
in some ways but I don't know if it's
unique to the u.s. I mean I don't know
people respond predictably to give an
environment the refugee crisis has
caused like a surge of kind of
right-leaning sentiment to sweep across
a lot of Europe know things like brexit
and whatnot which I think were yeah I
think I feel like brexit was largely
driven by immigration as much as Xers
will deny it I think I had the
opportunity to talk with two former UK
Prime Minister's and we were discussing
this wait what do you you you are you a
undergrad I am what are you talking to
you United Kingdom prime ministers
before you would have wit in what
context oh well that sounds really cool
you are you um you guys live in LA right
oh cool
where are you from originally okay you
can't see my face you can see I'm brown
Hey just cuz you're from Mexico doesn't
necessarily mean you're brown okay
chill chill no matter right no but well
I don't have you know USC they say don't
Southern California yeah of course I
mean sure if you say that's what yeah
what about it no but it's like it's a
really it's a really it's an r1
institution that's really good it's an
instrument of college it's oh I don't
know I mean I know a lot about colleges
just because I'm one but if you know
UCLA where like UCLA rivals were
Stanford's rival like a West Coast Ivy
school okay we have lights watch another
Institute he comes here all the time
do you debate politics on - exit stream
a lot no destiny much hat has no [ __ ]
IQ she talks like this [ __ ] is too
smart
leave breaks something dumb [ __ ] like
there's so I mean look I love my viewers
kind of right but when she talks she
likes cuz you know they just like
watching things break and then just BAM
ook ook in the chat so like when anyone
talks with an IQ they get intimidated
and then they get mad at me and like
tell her go gotta handle this ok I'm
curious I have one question one question
I'm curious about this is the big meme
question right now do you think that
Rosen Stein and molar will survive for
the next like month like throughout the
next like through June or whatever yeah
that molar or Rosenstein or whatever
that all of these guys are gonna make it
through because I mean he's got a fire
Rosen Stein to get rid of molar right
probably do you think because fire
Miller will be you know what a
democratic nation should stand for her
haven't so many of his advisers quit
though literally because he doesn't
listen to them
wasn't that the whole point of like his
economic but at the same time I do think
that sometimes he's afraid of certain
things so he does I got
handful of people that he will isn't
mmm-hmm what do you think are those
people no because I would have assumed
before it was people like Benin but I
mean he's gone he was to power hunger
and champion and like that competition
kind of like with Roger stone or
whatever during the campaign memes
advice or that freakin di ever dude oh
yeah you know I she surrounds herself
with people like that but I think that
he still has some people with some sort
of decency that will understand how
dangerous it will be to fire Muller okay
yeah I don't I guess we'll see in the
coming months like I told you I go to
college yeah I mean I got a boner cuz
you're smart nice 18 year old girls they
don't know what the [ __ ] they want in
life and they're just like oh you just
have lots of viewers and that's nice to
give me a host it's like oh well I see
where this is gonna go gotta find
someone that doesn't scream and oh [ __ ]
I remember going through I've been yeah
how long have you been streaming for
three years okay yeah I've been in it
for quite a long time like eight years I
learned that a long time ago that you
can't [ __ ] with people like in industry
because that [ __ ] gets like so messy so
I mean like you've seen all the twitch
drama and [ __ ] went upstream
relationships gonna end when the [ __ ]
comes in your chat she's like all cute
and stuff and spans her own channel
Lincoln's like guys just letting you
know after my baby's done I'm and to be
here it's like [ __ ] alright when she
starts banning people who uh huh in your
chat a control kick it called the [ __ ]
now you have to control your viewers is
it me or is it them it's like you know
so to be fair could probably work but a
lot of the guys like [ __ ] roll over
immediately to right though I like I've
had to set hard boundaries like on the
pass for somebody that I'm dating is
like hey like I don't like how you're
chad is blah blah blah it's like okay
well listen dude like I could start
banning people but then everybody's
gonna [ __ ] hate you is that what you
want because we can do that if you want
to go down that road but like you know
yeah I don't know okay you have to
control them tell them to stop but it's
like
it's like yeah you surprising over yeah
it's like one of the class don't do this
they're all gonna [ __ ] do it it's
like when you're at church and your
mom's tell you not to laugh you just sit
there laugh the whole time
mm-hmm but you know she gets it she
doesn't get offended I hope my dad's so
[ __ ] toxic Terry do you play old
school runescape do you play runescape
three or whatever recently and this is
me just being honest I haven't been
playing runescape just because I get
less viewers there and when I go under I
roll and just sit there and [ __ ] and
do really nothing to be honest with you
and just bring you people in real life
that seems to do more success Oh cuz
rince keeps it like I mean I know
there's a cap to it especially when I
bring content to runescape a lot of
people just keep asking what the [ __ ] it
is that in the background that's so
stupid
sure the game but I don't know I much
rather change the way I run my streams
cuz like they're so [ __ ] toxic I mean
yeah we're really hard to change up like
a whole fanbase like that good luck
buddy I suppose I'd in it's great god
I've been trying to do it for [ __ ]
forever come not toxic that's impossible
I already cultivated then like that over
the past three years it's just uh just
try to do different content mm-hmm oh
there's a stupid [ __ ] people love
personalities people make like become
more just about your personality than
the game you know like people like
watching someone who's interesting or I
mean I feel like anyone that watches
RuneScape's got to be really lonely if
they're actually watching the [ __ ]
game sure well I what IRL is like the
distillation of what made everything in
streams successful in the first place
like a lot of people don't realize that
that streamers got a lot of streamers
got popular because of their personality
right so IRL is just like just taking
the personality away from the game and
then yeah there it is but that's a
little struggle right there but um that
back to the tangent
my chat hates my girlfriend but for the
most part I mean they've come a münster
like she doesn't get triggered over
people calling her stupid [ __ ] because
she gets it she understands that if you
give that [ __ ] attention it just becomes
the most permanent thing cause like if
you ever let anyone you know get to
under your skin that's what they're
gonna say to you for the rest of your
[ __ ] time on every stream yeah I'm
over different things
like Oh Trump and I'm like chill there
well I'm like amazing you know they just
show you with different things and that
I don't care I understand they're just
people behind the screen that feel like
they can say what everyone in the can
and then what I can do is I can ignore
them oh yeah I don't care
well the thing is I found it before I
ever explained to it which was yeah
really gay explaining that to her yeah I
kind of man like especially because it's
like that couldn't be like oh yeah I'm
like a professional gamer no no I say
you do dumb [ __ ] I'm 21
and I dropped out of college to finish
this off and collect as much money as
possible it's like oh that's so I'll be
still be are we gonna be a thing but I
mean she gets it back to college because
I dropped out six months ago just so I
can move out here and do this am what
you go to school for school and I just
finished literally all I did was finish
off my generals and then my whole family
was pushing me like okay look we want
you to have something stable something
that you'll do for the rest of your life
how about you just become a nurse I'm
like no I hate people I don't want to do
that type of [ __ ] thanks that's like med
school right or no do you need to go to
med school to be for like RN or whatever
I would think I'd have to go for four
years and then I would do just numerous
in numerous months of just internship
and then I'd finally get the job but I
don't want to do that because like you
donor sir yet from there on out but
that's pretty much your job and that's I
mean that's your bread and butter for
the rest your life but I want to try
something different
take some risks gotcha well when you're
young that's the time to time ago but I
could still very young oh the hand she's
finishing up her she's got one more year
and then like two more weeks of the
semester and then black just smokes weed
what is he like a guy in your stream for
IRL content or a real life friend like
at our hero and Dance Dance Revolution
read them games type of thing did you
ever do a college loan like a year yeah
I was like streaming on the side just
for fun then I saw the potential in it
and then I just went full-time I was
doing my psychology graphic design oh
[ __ ]
I mean what did you do in college
destiny I went to school for like three
years for music I used to I play the
saxophone I wanted to do composition but
I was working too much so I had to quit
I don't believe you I love how the chest
like wait why is destiny talk knife onyx
this guy's stupid as [ __ ] I know that's
true
I mean I understand it and by the way
doesn't your streams like buffering like
yeah pays real [ __ ] or not I live in the
United States I can't do what you're
better you know what do you use for IRL
scare me I'm curious what what Kari do
you have IRL stream just like in the
house so like I don't like WoW but like
yeah just smoke and bring people over
just have some fun I want to start doing
more like actual going outside because
that's more fun sitting inside cooped up
all day gets tiring yeah kind of applied
for like two weeks but I broke too much
TOS with that because of harassment with
phone calls going into everywhere and
now that's pretty much I don't think
that's even tolerate to any aspect when
it comes to switches new guidelines yeah
that's kind of like I'm really lucky and
that like my fan base doesn't do [ __ ]
like that but if I'm doing something
popular and I start to pick up like a
lot of viewers that from the outside
especially cuz I'm like I've hung out or
talk to a lot with ice before so like
sometimes his fans will brigade over I
don't know how you're supposed to deal
with that as an IRL streamer like how do
you go anywhere and not have people
exploding and [ __ ] yeah it really just
depends on how you've cultivated your
audience and mine's just very toxic so
in blood go out they would like there
would be times that they would call the
cops on me and they'd have to search my
backpack and you know I at first me
being stupid thinking oh this is a great
content this is funny they probably love
this but after a while it just starts
getting all this yeah and you can then
you it's limiting what area you can't go
anywhere and it restricts the type of
content you can do too cuz no everywhere
you go it's just gonna be getting cool
the police called over and over and over
again and I mean like I mean it's like
quality of life is goes down just
because you want to have an eye relation
we actually just live your daily life
you know you can do dumb things and have
fun and whatnot but I mean I stopped
doing that so I've been staying inside
the house doing my content I mean I'm
limiting myself I'm buying the bullet on
taking the deficit of the viewers I
could be getting but at least I actually
thought the channel left I'm not banned
yeah
it amazed me and healthier as roommates
you live with him like he's on his last
band like we making sure that he doesn't
get hurt
yeah you were the guy that had to like
right in because you have roommates that
stream and like twitch was telling you
that you couldn't even be on their
streams or whatever right yeah and I I
didn't I wrote that without really
thinking I was at Buffalo Wild Wings
just born and I was like oh this is so
lame because I'm Alfie and they always
stream and I you know we always overlap
or like I'll be in the house to get a
cup of water without but if I'm being
like very honest and I don't want to say
too much to [ __ ] myself over but because
some news articles came out because of
that I feel like twitch decided that
it'd be best just allow me to go on to
their streams because I live just walk
by not not be a part of it upper bike oh
yeah which is how it should be the other
way is really [ __ ] stupid even like
like you can't ever show up like it's
just really dumb but like making you the
center part of the stream obviously if
your band probably shouldn't happen man
right I mean I'm happy they were leaning
on that because I made the whole month
go by a lot easier cuz I can actually
live in my house yeah me and they did
say like okay just don't walk by too
many times and like act like you're
trying to be part of console which made
me be more paranormal camp 1 by 3 times
oh sorry I walked by I can't go get
water or does that mean I'm being
content or know what to do anymore yeah
they knew it the whole knows which like
[ __ ] Gestapo is like really worrying
you know like most people even consider
me to be like a hardcore sjw which I
guess compared to a lot of gamer bros I
am
but even I am like constantly [ __ ]
scared that's something I like just now
actually item when I do a lot of my
political debates in the past I've been
seriously accused of being a Jew like
people seriously make this accusation at
me and like people started seriously I
have a Jewish friend that I visited
Florida sometimes and he got me like a
Jewish welcome pack and I've got like a
shirt that says to primacy and then like
a little Jew hat with like the things on
the side and I just put it on and I
don't even think about it now I'm like
scared like oh [ __ ] wait can I get
[ __ ] banned for this like I don't
even know only [ __ ] yeah I feel like
there's a very big gray area yeah we
should just don't know what you can do
it and the best thing to do is just
avoid all of it yeah I mean me
personally I'm trying to be as limited
to my content for two months just
because if I get past the two-month
threshold in my anytime I do get a bit
I'll go back down to seven days rather
yeah you're not enough like insta ban
territory insta permit
territory that I mean theoretically it's
making me be more creative instead of
grabbing low-hanging fruit for easy
content it makes me have to think and be
more creative and actually think of
content that's not you know either to
enabling or just downright stupid like I
actually have to think now before I go
live sure because usually I would just
do things off the women obviously it's
easy to do content that's readily
available but also it's just gonna give
you bad produ hat though yeah you know
what I do how it looks like it's the one
with the black hair that hangs down the
side I don't the [ __ ] it's called no I
just put it on and I have a Jew premise
t-shirt I just put it on so it was funny
cuz I just talked to a guy that was
literally talking about how she was
control the world huh but ya know I just
like everything I say no I'm just like
really worried like because I play it
cuz I technically I'm a gamer I play
games so I'm like I don't know sometimes
about himself somebody a certain way I
did you ever hear that I got like a
