the multinational firms exploit workers
and poor nations but like it always
feels like whenever a program gets
released and it's like God Tyr in terms
of resource management and size it will
inevitably blow it out to be a [ __ ] as
the stuff it replace you ever notice
that when people make decisions that
like you change as an agent past certain
decision points you can't even mention
his son's name during his ban or you'll
get banned and it's like I'm not so
stupid to think that's the case a
gambler's fallacy is the idea that like
okay right so they're melia rating
they're right they're upgrading its
Mealey rating i might be slaughtering
the pronunciation those words sorry look
guys big win for me huh have you ever
heard of the term his historiography
thief was shot and killed by metro pcs
and polloi employee liberals are saying
the employee should be in prison because
you never tell the thief the federal
minimum wage doesn't really matter
anymore only tiny share of civilian
workers are paid at that rate who had
previously had trouble landing a job in
of finding work racial minorities those
with less education and people working
the lowest paying jobs are getting
bigger pay raises and that'll go sell it
too especially like in the ending things
actually have like a surprising amount
to say related to this kind of like
that's what it means to be like an npc
or or to follow a dialogue tree I always
complain about this but when I go on the
sex subreddit one really good example I
can think of recently of this is poppy
Trump use this at like a um like an
event or something this song that
criticized consumerism the NBA bought
the rights to this song and they made a
remix where they used it for commercials
to sell products and they edited out all
the anti consumer messages that if we
bring up something about gayness that
makes people uncomfortable the way that
they make fun of that gayness is to use
a meme that's being representative of an
actual gay porn actor like yeah it's
very very very strange as well sure yeah
all right we need to get through these
things
the multinational firms exploit workers
and poor nations in the affects of
multinational production on wages and
working conditions in developing
countries okay can somebody explain to
me what is this what am I reading right
now is this like is this some guy
summary of like another research paper
why is it posted here like what is this
it's summaries of the NBER working
papers if it's a working paper that
means it's
not peer reviewed yet right it hasn't
actually been published anywhere the
National Bureau of Economic Research is
like a journal right why so how do you
have a working paper for a journal what
does that mean oh this is the digest the
digest is a monthly publication that
summarized at least four recent and
newsworthy NBER working papers
professional journalists write these
summaries for a non-technical audience
the bureau sends nearly 12,000 copies
that are deceased March the readers and
government business universe and media
that didn't okay cool
okay I got your call all right just ran
the multinational firms are drawn to
countries of poor worker rights citing a
1997 survey of transnational managers
the authors explained how labor costs
are actually less important than many
other factors such as a market size
political stability labor quality and
the legal environment the global
companies consider when they select a
country or location for FDI FDI meaning
foreign direct investment labor rights
that promote political stability and
enhanced labor quality the authors
explained they in fact make a particular
location attraction attractive to
foreign investors also the author said
analyses finding that FDI is positively
correlated with the right to establish
unions and the right to strike
but negatively correlated to an index of
child labor market most conclusively
they say to 2001 study by International
Labour Organization economist David
kukura who finds that the FBI's
attracted a country with stronger civil
liberties even if labor costs are higher
the authors acknowledge that public
pressure might be brought to bear on
some multinational companies and the
suppliers in cases of abusive labor
policies and developing nations but they
caution that measures that are punitive
or provide firms an incentive to alter
the location of production are
unwarranted and may adversely affect the
very workers the intended benefit
interesting sweatshops are good boys
we're full neoliberal hell yeah mmm that
feel when my $3,000 $4,000 computer is
barely running Chrome what's going on Oh
Chrome taking up four gigs of RAM okay
that's fair okay I only have 16 gigs of
RAM on this computer maybe that's maybe
that's normal let's see one Google
Chrome window is taking up two gigabytes
restarting Chrome usually fixes that
[ __ ] for me I have by the way right now
in Chrome I have three tabs open maybe
it's different because maybe there are
reasons why Chrome has gotten more
bloated why does it feel like and I'm
like I'm not like programming savvy so
maybe I'm missing something but like it
always feels like whenever a program
gets released and it's like
God Tyr in terms of resource management
and size it will inevitably blow it out
to be a [ __ ] as the stuff it replace
here and notice that like the two
examples I can think of her like does
anybody remember utorrent utorrent was
literally so [ __ ] compact they like
emailed you like [ __ ] 32 like [ __ ]
binary like it was like a series of
zeros and ones that you could [ __ ]
write down in ten minutes
that's how [ __ ] is small this program
was and it was like it was literally
like I want to say utorrent was in that
was in the like kilobytes of size like I
think it was literally like a couple
hundred kilobytes it was insanely
minimalistic I might be exaggerating but
I don't think so I think was actually
less of like one one megabyte in size it
was insanely small and now it's like a
garbage it blowed it out like so [ __ ]
hard it was insane Firefox was first
sold as a less bloated version of
Mozilla then chrome got popular because
firebox bloated just as bad yeah Firefox
used to be sick as [ __ ] and then it
started to have a whole bunch of memory
issues but like it was still better than
Internet Explorer but then but then
chrome rolled along when Firefox started
to turn [ __ ] and then chrome was the new
big boy on the block but now chrome is
kind of like meth like [ __ ] like on
ironically like on a couple computers
I've used edge an edge actually seems
like compelling like I almost wish that
I wasn't so biased right now towards
Chrome because I kind of wonder if edges
any good I'm not sure I wonder why the
smaller browsers never got any popular
like I remember like opera did always
set it like one percent market share or
some [ __ ] so there was this really
interesting idea that you have like
people when people make decisions that
like you change as an agent past certain
decision points so so we might choose
outcomes so we have outcome a B and C
right we might have these three
different outcomes that we can choose
and we might think that outcome B is the
best outcome right
however we are evaluating this at node
one of our decision-making but we don't
consider is that by the time we reach
node two we might actually be a
different actor at this point and we're
not going to choose B we're gonna go
with the suboptimal a so like we could
order like our choices here in terms of
like what would be superior right B is
the best option C would be the next
option and then a is like by far the
worst option so the way that so this was
given in the context of an addicted
actor so let's say for instance our
decision here is whether or not we want
to do heroin right so a is getting
addicted to heroin B is trying heroin
one time and then no longer doing it and
then C is never doing heroin at all
right so what we might consider here at
n sub 1 at the firt at this first node
sorry well at this very first node what
we think is okay well what would the
best thing be the best thing would
probably be that we can inject heroin
and do it one time and then have the
experience and then walk away from it so
that's the action that we want right so
what we're aiming for is we're aiming
for outcome B but what happens is is
that once we inject heroin and we try it
well now we're a different actor in a
different state right now here at this
node now when we have to choose do we
want to continue with heroin a that's
not what we originally wanted here or do
we stop doing heroin because we've
gotten the experience well that now that
we're a different actor to different
part of the tree
well now we're actually going to tend
towards a so even though at this node at
M sub 1 here even though this node we
were aiming for B which was our best
decision getting to try some drug or
whatever without suffering the permanent
bad effects once we tried the drug and
we got to this node well now our
decision-making is gonna be compromised
it's different now we're choosing
different decisions here even though we
wouldn't have wanted to at this earlier
node I thought this this um this like
this formalization or whatever if there
was a lot of different stuff on them
unlike decision-making that out of it
was really really really notice but that
was really interesting with that yeah
but ok sorry did you um how devastated
were you by Hassan being banned for
seven days I'm pretty devastated I guess
I'm you know yeah I I like have no idea
what the things are people's people just
troll me because I don't know anything
about twitch so they're like you can't
even mention his son's name during his
ban or you'll get banned and it's like
I'm not so stupid to think that's the
case ok so here's how it which works is
when a streamer is banned on Twitch
you're not allowed to platform
so you can't like go and watch like a
ton of videos of them or like have them
on a disk or call with you like for them
to circumvent their ban but like I found
personally that like you can usually
like talk about what you can always talk
about a person or like if there's
something very relevant you can watch it
at every but just the goal is you don't
want somebody like skirting their band
using and like another person stream is
basically yeah so like last week on my
stream I was watching a clip of Alex
Jones interviewing there's this guy who
his name's Karl Benjamin really but he
goes by sargon of akkad I think I've had
multiple real-life debates with him I
hate that guy but yeah yeah I'm shocked
do you even heard of him actually but in
any case I you know cuz Alex Jones was
banned from like everything so it's like
am I allowed to play now it's Joan clips
off and Alex Jones clip off a [ __ ]
shoot I did it and I guess it was fine
yeah yeah I would challenge twitch
greatly if I got banned for something
like that if like somebody like Alex
Jones banned from twitch if I couldn't
cover like a news event like that I
would take that content to another
platform and I'd be like pretty vocal
about that would be a pretty stupid
thing
so I'm now as you know I've only been
because you're following my twitch
career so closely as I'm sure I'm gonna
hear a lot of them oh my people I watch
a lot of clips of you being a boomer and
everything but yeah I so I'm now like
I'm now on unlike this the full second
month so I lost obviously like a huge
number of my twitch prime subs so like
what is the strategy for getting those
people to re-subscribe just mentioning
it um well you have to figure that like
for any new venture you do there's
always gonna be a flurry of excitement
when you originally embark on something
right yeah so you have to take into
account that like that thing will be
really exciting there's gonna be a
flurry of excitement around that and
then it'll kind of taper off and then
your goal is like during these big
bursts of excitement is to hold on to as
much without audience as possible by
showing them the content that you think
is the most important that you do or the
most captivating that you do right yeah
sure yeah so I mean like in terms of
like holding it of subs I mean it's just
a matter of like like how often do you
stream like streaming on a consistent
schedule streaming pretty often like
that kind of stuff is pretty important a
several example is a line fishermen they
spend a whole school of haddock but
wants to keep only one for his supper
when he catches the second fish it
converts it to the first one keeps the
larger and releases the other each
subsequent catch is compared to the one
held on the bottom of the boat at the
end of the day the fish that he takes
home will be the largest of all those
caught one result of using melioration
Meli raishin Mele oration Mele raishin
as the real-world substitute for
theoretical optimization is its
implication that history matters people
view each successive choice in relation
to their previous experience it is
commonly observed for example that
people are reluctant to accept a
situation they perceive as inferior to
previous situations the psychological
path dependence an idea that where you
were going depends on where you have
been is relevant to feelings about
rising prices and even more so two
attitudes about declining wages oh I
felt like there's a lot of carry over
here into like sunken cost fallacy as
well like it feels like uhm or even or
even gamblers fallacy
so when sunk cost fallacy when you've
continued down a certain path for some
point in time it feels like you have to
follow it to its end
even if diverging from that path and
taking another one would be better to do
at that particular point in time because
you already have the history related to
some particular path so you don't want
to diverge from it you want to follow it
through to its end and then the gamblers
fallacy a gamblers fallacy is the idea
that like okay like I've done this role
on either craps or roulette has missed
you know like 20 times the next one's
got a hit like it's got to like
statistically speaking like it has to
like if I've got a 20 percent chance of
hitting and I've missed 10 times and
I've got to have like a 90% chance of
like hitting this rep next one right is
it's a gamblers fallacy it's not true
the the most extreme version I've seen
in real life of gamblers fallacy was
when a lady sat in front of a slot
machine and pulled the lever I think she
lost like a hundred bucks or some [ __ ]
but she got up and she walked away and
then somebody walked up and pulled the
lever in one instantly and she came back
and attacked the lady with her purse
because she thought it was her money
does this apply to loot crate's
um maybe to some extent sure somebody
the buys just five or ten more loot
crate's because they feel like they're
bound to hit I say this with a word of
caution online probability is not real
probability all the time so for an
example of this and I think in league of
legends you have a 50% chance to crit if
I hit somebody and I don't crit my
chances of creating actually increase in
the game like I might have a 65% chance
of creating the next hit or if I miss if
I do like five or six hits in a row my
next chance to hit even at fifty percent
stated crit my actual crit chance point
might be like 80 or 90% it's a much
higher chance because they actually like
like make it's the Rays like oh yeah
and it's in its entire
possible that for like loot crate's this
type of probability is implemented as
well hearthstone has a safety blanket
that after a certain number of packs you
were guaranteed a legendary yeah sure
stuff like that sure I thought casino
machines were rigged also well yeah
they're rigged to like pay back a
certain amount of money of course it's
not true probability like everything in
a casino for like slot machines is
absolutely like rigged in a certain way
yeah random generation and software is
technically in existent the totally
relevant to what we're talking about I'm
not talking about a computer's inability
to produce like random like information
or truly random information even beyond
that what we're talking about is like a
we're engaging in a high level of
non-randomness like that is like chosen
like it's not it's not related to this
one do you mean that they artificially
increase the percentage that we have a
bigger chance of hitting for each 50%
they artificially increase a percentage
chance destiny that's incorrect there
are very strict standards that slot
machines must be truly random the thing
is that the house has an odds advantage
over all I'm almost positive that okay
let me be very clear when I say that
like slot machines are rigged I don't
mean like a slot machine is rigged like
there's a guy choosing like winners and
losers but I'm almost positive that slot
machines are adjusted on a day-by-day
basis to pay back a theoretical amount
of money is that not true
I'm almost positive that every single
day I walked into the casino that there
was like a theoretical payback number
that we were handed out to that like
this is what the payback should be out
today for the casino animals I remember
what I said I saw that no I'm not saying
I think I would do I absolutely remember
seeing this number every single day I
walked into the casino usually back in
my days the theoretical payback was
usually right like 90% I think and my
casino but they are just in a databases
but they can't duel all [ __ ] were they
more polls you do the higher your
chances of winning are well [ __ ] I'd be
so like my idea what I'm guessing is
that like if a slot machines theoretical
payback is like 10 percent or I'm sorry
is like 95 percent or something
my guess is gonna be the like every day
it hits that number or like comes very
very close to hitting it whereas if it
was like truly random at like 95 percent
there might be some days where it only
pays out like 70 percent but my guess is
that that doesn't happen I could be
wrong but that would be my guess that's
against the law it has to be actually
random in Vegas Li's what do you mean
might have to be random like no slot
machine is random like it can't be it's
literally like most lot machines today
are like digital like so it's what what
do you mean by random I guess review
questions Oh
boy are you guys ready okay under what
circumstances can you imagine making
poor decisions because of a lack of
information which economic actors might
affect your decision-making and how well
sometimes we might buy certain cars
because we see certain streamers driving
them and they can be getting sponsored
and they're influencing you that way Wow
there's one good job number two is
satisficing always irrationally behaving
what about Millia rating for example
recall the example of the fisherman who
compares each fish that he catches to
the one of the boat keeping the larger
one and throwing the others back into
the water what might be wrong with an
attempt to perform the same exercise
with choosing friends instead of fish
have you ever heard of anyone who
selected a spouse in this manner ooh
so satisficing can be good in some ways
because realistically it's probably the
only way we can make decisions nobody
can make a truly perfect decision so
satisficing is probably fine the Millia
rating is a really bad behavior I think
when you slowly upgrade over time
because I think sometimes people fail to
set like a certain bar to which they
should satisfy Sunday so for instance
I've sometimes I've known people that
have been in abusive relationships and
they get out of one and they go to the
next abusive relationship but it's not
quite as bad as the previous one but the
like well hey you know like at least
this person doesn't physically abuse me
right so there Mele your rating there
right they're upgrading its Mealing
rating I might be slaughtering the
pronunciation of this word sorry
meliorate meliorate ameliorate some
melee rating muley rating [ __ ] can you
meliorate melee rating so like melee
rating amelioration without the
amelioration okay ameliorating so
ameliorating yeah might be bad in that
case if you're slowly upgrading but the
upgrades are not like meeting like a
certain threshold that you probably
should be looking for you could also
argue that we might merely irate with
our climate policy as well maybe right
so for instance right now we have no
climate policy maybe we do cap and trade
but cap and trade might not be enough or
actually oh actually we can make this
more relevant revolutionary socialists
might argue that we are melee rating
capitalism by patching it but those
melioration aren't sufficient and never
will be and that's why we need to reform
of the system right we're just making
things that are incrementally better but
it's not really ever going to reach the
point where it should be
like you know either changing the mode
of production or rewarding workers in
some entering some [ __ ] right there you
go
okay the community of people who are
with me on YouTube live every week
pulled a major win independent observers
of a facts and analysis we cherish
triumph over the bombast of a big or
overblown online personality we won big
thanks guys
who does this like copy pastes like
YouTube comments you know how I can
always tell when people feel like they
did bad during a debate and like
secretly it makes me happy I'm gonna
tell you this so I shouldn't reveal this
I shouldn't reveal this because um maybe
people might stop doing it because of
the satisfaction it gives me but when I
see people that are scrambling on
Twitter afterwards or like I did in this
debate look at all the people and my
people you decide one it's like dude you
must not feel like you did too well
right cuz nobody that feels like they
did well would like scramble to like
[ __ ] screenshot like like I guess seem
like in paint Legally dragon these
putting these YouTube comes together
like oh there's there's one destiny I'm
gonna I know
look guys big win
look guys big win for me huh it's a big
what's a big win guys got it big it's a
big I promise I promise bangle like
that's what it feels like but I don't
know I think it's funny I had another
history guy email me yesterday with a
very interesting not yesterday was two
days ago
what was the word that he used have you
ever heard of the term his
historiography his story Chris isn't
historiography historiography oh yeah
this is interesting I've never actually
heard this word before but the guy
emailed me and he said that he gets
really triggered when people tell
anybody to read history because
technically what most people are
engaging at is something called history
historiography right so history might be
something like
like Hitler you know killed the Jews but
historiography would be like Hitler had
a desire to eradicate the Jewish people
from from all of Europe maybe even write
that historiography is the idea of of
building a narrative around some set of
historical facts and that when most
people say they want you to read history
oh they're really saying is they want
you engage with our historiography this
is kind of like a meaningless
distinction like I think most people
would like would say that immediate like
oh yeah well of course I'm talking about
narratives but I thought that was
interesting ever considered that point
of view before oh yeah destiny history
race historiography is a big meme of my
history class yeah I'd never like I'd
never heard of the term historiography
before and I'd never heard of history
majors getting upset about about
counterfactuals but yeah yeah I never
yeah
Marxist historiography or historical
materialist is triage fee as a school of
historiography influenced by Marxism the
chief tenesmus
this is central to centrality of social
class and economics parenting struggle
outcomes so yeah I think we know that's
right
Marxist framing is the idea that every
single struggle in all of history can be
analyzed through the lens of class right
as like material struggles basically
destiny start but it's not correct
historiography is just the subject of
investigating the history of writing
things that has nothing to do with
subjectiveness it it's more or less the
philosophy and development of history
wait what's your background is that true
wait hold on I got to find out what that
guy emailed me maybe I'm miss courting
him so his email was hi destiny I'm a
history student and I think I can tell
you something we learned early on in
university that will help you with your
debates and cancel out these are
otherwise in academia we make a
distinction that laymen don't that is a
diverse between history and
historiography history is the study of
events people ideas or inventions their
effects their causes or even just the
details of the thing itself
historiography is a study of how history
is remembered for instance the Iliad is
very interesting historiography
historiographical ii speaking due to the
prevalence of mythology with an
otherwise cut-and-dry historical account
we have names of people who died and the
gods coming down and smiting people
another example of this is hallo domme
is the is hallo domme are the facts
aren't much in dispute a man-made famine
caused millions of Ukrainians Russians
largely in the danke bond region and
kha'zix disturbed it out the USSR
implemented policies to stop people from
fleeing and murdered those who tried or
hysteria we're historiography comes in
is when you start making value claims
about it
it was a preventable tragedy or it
showed how the USSR was evil etc there's
nothing wrong with historiographical
claims in fact a lot of historians are
the PhDs about these kinds of issues
Christopher Columbus is an example of a
figure that has drawn a lot of academic
concern mainly due to how Americans
remember him however when that dumb
Twitter squirrel with it however when
that dumb Twitter squirrel tells you to
read history but they're really asking
you to read is there ideologically
loaded historiography it's pretty
triggering I hope this helps when
anybody baits you into historical
discussions I wonder how they would
answer if challenged about why they're
telling you to read history are they
legitimately pointing out holes in your
knowledge or are they mad that you
aren't conforming to their history or
historiographical worldview did they
want you to engage in history are they
trying to force their own identity Paul
it pulled down your throat dressed up as
a new academic fellow minutes anyway
well that was his I'm also a history
student and the dude that emailed you is
one over senator has definite wait who's
right how many history students do
haven't yet yes any what do you saying
is correct you dismissed Hassidim has
presented everything every history is
clouded by the author who wrote it
historiography is just a study of the
different strains of history how authors
are molded by it and debates the debates
about which method is a mess less
accurate okay just a shape a censorship
pose almost everything in Chad okay
destiny we need hot takes on this thief
was shot and killed by metro pcs and
polloi employee liberals are saying the
employees should be in prison because
you've never healed a thief they're
saying the employee should have called
the police to use mace all right name of
the employee who's with me was the first
shot was the first shot a head shot I've
never seen somebody drop like that from
a gunshot before unless it was a shot to
the head did it it looks like the first
shot was like a head shot cuz that dude
he just drops they do that a lot from
normal gun shots is it not normally not
from what I see normally no hitting
Center master the spine will do that too
yeah but like a handgun even like a 45 I
don't think would penetrate or well I
guess the guys back might have been
turned nah no way did he hit the spine I
feel like he's got I feel like he had to
shot him in the head I he does it looks
like a head shot I I've seen I watch a
lot of gore videos okay I've seen a lot
of people get shot in the head and died
this looks like a head shot to me the
first shot makes sense the 15 after
don't I'm not I don't know honestly the
problem is like if somebody walks into a
store with a gun like that like I like I
kind of feel like their life is forfeit
like it would take an exceptional
circumstance for
it would take an exceptional
circumstance for me to be like you
should stop shooting like the guys on
the ground and it looks bad but like the
guy still holding his gun like yeah I
don't know self train trains you to
empty your clip on him right
typically you want to empty your
magazine into them until they fall is
like usually I don't know if you're like
trained to shoot at someone on the
ground
but I don't know I think um yeah [ __ ] it
I think that's I think the employees
right [ __ ] it any trauma to the Santis
will do that if you got hit at any part
of the spine will have to Crump you will
have that crumble response but he
defecated hit on the upper third well
like but I don't think that's
necessarily true like if you got if you
like your lower spine is shattered I
don't think you um I don't think you
crumple up like that I could be wrong
but like usually this is when I see
somebody gets like either like a big
blow to the head or either shot in the
head or maybe something happens to like
the back of your neck I don't know I
haven't I don't think I've seen a video
of an injury like that before but like
you when somebody like falls over and
their whole body is like stuck like that
like that that looks like a dead person
to me like they got like shot in the
head we're like in the upper back the
neck or something he was dead before he
hit the ground yeah that's what it looks
like to me like it looks like like when
he goes on his knees and he falls over
like he's not trying to catch himself or
anything like he looks dead like he
looks dead by the time he's on his knees
there's like a little bit of twitching
after but I think it's just like there's
like a name for it but I don't think
he's actually alive or like he might
still be alive but like he's pretty dead
there is moving though after he's on the
ground bodies will like can twitch or
move a little bit like after they've
been killed you I don't know what
there's a name for it or whatever but um
it's I don't think it's a rigor mortis
rigor mortis I think is a stiffening of
the muscles or something that occurs
like hours and hours after death or
something CAD cadaveric spasm could
divert expose him do you think he should
be in trouble or no no I think the
employees fine if I go dude a guy walks
into a star with a [ __ ] gun like I
think you're [ __ ] happening on that
dude [ __ ] that [ __ ] the federal minimum
wage doesn't really matter anymore only
tiny share of civilian workers are paid
at that rate the federal minimum wage is
poised to become an irrelevant labor
policy stop lagging you [ __ ] piece of
[ __ ] crawl what are you doing
oh you're using four gigs of RAM my bad
the federal religious police become an
irrelevant labor policy the national pay
floor of 725 an hour has a man adjusted
for a decade the longest has ever gone
unchanged with Washington policymakers
polarized in the issue there's little
chance level be increased soon
meanwhile 29 states representing about
60 percent of the workforce who set
their minimum wages higher does this of
large employers believe in Walmart
McDonald's and Amazon pledged to pay
employees well more than 725 an hour
while the tight labor market is causing
firm some all sizes to raise pay after a
handful of high-cost cities such as
Seattle and San Francisco have it at a
level have a level at or above 15 an
hour as a result a tiny share of
Americans just 0.28 percent of the 156
million civilian workers are in the
federal minimum last year according to
the Labor Department most of those
employees were younger than 25 years old
this means the current level the federal
minimum wage appears to be having a
little economic impact okay here is
something that always bothers me that
I'm always curious about people that
write these articles so when it says a
tiny share of Americans 0.28 percent of
the 156 million civilian workers are in
the federal minimum wage so that it's
trying to like almost no one gets paid
the minimum wage my experience so when I
worked at McDonald's I think I got 525
an hour was the minimum wage back then
when I got the job every year you would
get like a three cent or like a five
cent raise or whatever depending on like
what was going on so like what like I
don't think it's fair to say like cuz
probably almost no one at McDonald's is
getting paid a minimum wage because if
they've worked there for like at least
like three to six months you normally
get like a raise of a few cents so like
I'm really curious like so very few
people are getting the minimum wage 725
an hour how many people are getting like
750 an hour or like $8.00 an hour like
I'm super curious I'm super super super
curious about that yeah I know that
turnover high everything too but like I
feel like saying that like I'm just I'm
really curious because like I would be
more interested in like a like a wage
bracket rather than just who's earning
the de facto the minimum wage rather
than like oh like the minimum wage is
725 an hour who's getting paid 750 an
hour because that's because if you're
making 750 an hour that number is
probably informed by the minimum wage
right you're probably getting paid like
some so like if the minimum wage was
increased it would capture all these
people would be captured by the effects
of that right I'm very curious about
that number but that means at the
current level the federal minimum wage
appears be having little economic impact
so that's what I'm saying this so like
this
doesn't really logically follow this one
right because it could be so what if I
were to tell you the minimum wage is 725
an hour 0.28 percent of Americans make
that but then what about 750 an hour
Oh 25 percent of Americans make that
well now saying that the current mid
federal minimum wage has a little
economic impact that doesn't actually
seem to be true it seems like it's
having a significant impact a quarter of
all jobs seem to be informed or even
like $8 an hour is probably someone in
for more than of a wage but yeah I don't
know that's you can't get that info
unfortunately yeah sure I just like
every time I see like minimum wage
reporting like that I'm super curious
like I'm not really concerned with who's
getting paid minimum wage I'm curious
with whose wages aren't formed by the
minimum wage because if you're getting
paid like 875 an hour that wage is
probably pegged on the minimum wage to
some extent they're offering you like a
little bit over minimum wage right that
like that's my guess that's like a
hypothesis I don't know if that's true
enough but like yeah I'm not sure well
let me help boost pay for some
individuals it was either costing jobs
and were lifting away just most of the
country without action by Washington the
proportion of workers affected by the
family just likely to keep shrinking as
long as it remains at its current level
which appears probable
president Trump is no interest in
raising the federal minimum wage
according to a person for maybe the
current thing in the topic of my house
is faster economic growth is the best
way to produce wage increases hourly
wage growth did accelerate last year as
output rose most briskly the Democratic
controlled House of Representatives
recently voted to raise the federal
minimum wage by 15 or 250 an hour by
2025 but the bill is unlikely to be
considered in the Republic controlled
Senate even bringing the bill up to the
house prayer vote was no easy task
supporters had to allow an amendment
study the effects of the law after two
years this is an attempt to win votes
from some Democrats in the South and
Midwest who pushed a rival bill that
would have set a tiered minimum wage
allowing the regions their regions have
lower pay floors that actually sounds
interesting representative Bobby Scott
chairman of the House Labor Committee
and one of the bills top supporters said
in July that he has no interest in
considering in lower level because the
cost of living continues to increase a
recent study by the nonpartisan
Congressional Budget Office would it be
a significant roadblock to rallying
support among moderates found that well
not increased to 15 an hour would boost
pay for 17 million workers who would
otherwise are unless these are numbers
that I'm interested in so an increase to
15 an hour would boost pay for 17
million workers how many workers in
America 157 million workers are in the
American workforce
pay for the 70 million workers who would
otherwise are
so it also cost 1.3 million million
Americans their jobs providing talking
points to advocates and opponents of the
proposal even if Democrats on the White
House control of both chambers in
Congress 2020 and minimum wage increases
no sure thing nearly all the Democrats
running for president say they support a
15 an hour minimum one of the few
exceptions is notable Colorado senator
Michael Bonet Bennet is exactly the type
of moderate whose support would be
needed for the wage increase to pass the
Senate he did he drop yet he's the guy
with the I don't want to say with a
funny face cuz that's kind of mean but
like he supports a $12 an hour federal
minimum wage but he's concerned a higher
rate whichever day's jobs and lore
across rural area I don't understand how
you can why you would have a federal
minimum wage that isn't set based on
region that's like it's so weird to me I
just don't understand it seems so dumb I
totally don't get it can you say my
tying minimum wage to inflation is a
good idea um it could be but I do I
don't understand why you think like why
should we have the same minimum wage for
San Francisco New York City LA as you
would in like Alabama or like some small
like rural area the only thing I can
think of is that it benefits certain
states and unequal ways for example
companies like Amazon would set up shop
in the lower wage states making higher
wage states less competitors simply due
to a federal decision but that happens
anyway doesn't it right doesn't it
already happen like a tech company
that's positioned in like Iowa is
probably gonna pay lower wages in a tech
company position in California or Texas
or Washington but that's not a wage
floor well but there there is like a
market negotiation for wages we could
like compare this to a wage floor so
like for instance if I want to set up a
firm in Washington I'm probably gonna
pay a higher wage than if I want to set
up the exact same firm in Iowa however
the higher wage doesn't prevent me from
setting up a firm in Washington right so
like even if we had a regional minimum
wage like I doubt that a higher minimum
wage in Washington is gonna prevent a
firm from sending of a business their
over setting it up in Iowa right that
would be like my guess do you think the
culture in America where servers are
paid less and most of the money from
tips should be changed with the onus of
a livable wage being supplied by the
employer when people talk about getting
upset about like tipping and whatnot
like people are mad because they have to
tip it's not because like the it's not
because the servers are getting paid
like very little money that I really is
their only good date on this
I always got really irritated when I
hear this like everybody talks about how
like everybody talks about how like
servers are getting [ __ ] because they
have to rely on tips but servers always
make more money than people that work
likes like wage jobs of equivalent
things like destiny servers in Michigan
literally lobbied against changing tips
and would yeah I don't know where people
get this idea I think it's because they
I don't want to like pull like the whole
college [ __ ] like they've never worked
real jobs if we're like servers make a
good amount of money like compared to
like working at [ __ ] fast food
waiting tables even like a [ __ ] I hop
on a Friday Saturday night you make like
you know 200 bucks 300 bucks like
depending on how busy the night isn't
how big your tables are like that's some
good-ass [ __ ] don't be confused like
when people talk about like hating like
tips that's because people like paying
tips not because servers are getting
[ __ ] and if you're advocate having a
conversation with somebody about like
tipping and they're gonna point out well
servers minimum wage is only 213 an hour
I promise you you could safely ignore
anything they have the same topic they
have no idea what the [ __ ] they're
talking about they read it on some
[ __ ] Facebook thing they have no
[ __ ] idea what their [ __ ] they're
talking about what would you say is an
equivalent job I'd say like a job in
fast food like if I to Jews been working
at McDonald's or Burger King or
something versus working as a server and
like an IHOP or Denny's I would always
be the server inside the hottest job
market at half a century all sorts of
people how long is this well previously
had trouble landing a job in of finding
work racial minorities those with less
education and people working the lowest
paying jobs getting bigger pay raises
and in many cases experiencing the
lowest unemployment ever recorded for
their groups for joining manufacturing
workers women in their prime working
years Americans with disabilities and
those with criminal records among others
and finding improved jobs prospects
after years of disappointment there are
still fought lines jobs are still scarce
for people living in rural areas of the
country regions that rely on industries
like coal mining or textiles are still
struggling the labor market at the
moment may be masking some fundamental
shifts in the way that we work will hurt
the job prospects many people in Iran
one face of the red hot job market is
cassandra eaton 23 high school grad who
is making 825 an hour to day care center
near Biloxi Mississippi just a few
months ago
now Sharon's 1980 an hour is an
apprentice at a Huntington Ingalls
industries and shipyard a nearby
Pascagoula where she is learning to weld
warships the unemployment rate in
Mississippi where Huntington employs 11
that's where the people's nibble of 5%
September 2017 prior to that month the
rate has never been below 5% of records
dating back to the mid 1970s in other
parts of the country the rate is even
lower in Iowa New Hampshire the December
jobless rate was 2.4 percent
tied for the lowest in the country so as
so one thing we would expect is that
like if unemployment falls to very very
very low numbers that means that firms
are starting to compete more highly for
employees so you would expect to see
wages rise right we're like that
theoretically should happen that's
helped shift power towards job seekers
and cost employees to expand their job
searches and become more willing to
train applicants and don't meet all
qualifications it's amazing that I'm
getting paid almost 20 an hour to learn
how to weld says miss even a single
mother of young daughters when she
finishes a two-year apprenticeship her
wage will rise more than $27 per hour
it's no surprise to economists that many
people who were previously left behind
unable to catch up but something
policymaker has been working towards for
years Obama administration economists
debated how to sustain an unemployment
below 5% now Trump officials now Trump
administration officials are considering
how to poll though is not looking for
jobs back into the labor force if you
can hold unemployment at a low level for
a long time there are substantial
benefits Janet Yellen the former
chairwoman of the Federal Reserve said
in an interview real wage growth will be
faster in a tight labor market so
disadvantaged workers gain on the
employment and the wage side and to my
mind that's clearly a good thing the
only thing I think that's worrying is
that if you're is there any evidence
that wages do rise at least enough to
somewhat keep up with inflation I don't
I don't know actually I guess what would
you look forward to to back that I mean
what I'm saying is like theory it should
happen but I mean like empirically I'm
not sure if it's 100 and played out that
way the only thing that's worrisome is I
think bait so based on theory it like a
low unemployment below 5.5 percent I
think over like long periods of time is
supposed to be damaging for reasons that
I don't fully understand like if
unemployment is that low for that long
and costs become too much
right because laborers across are doing
business then you would expect you would
expect to see capital flow away from
like those types of things is like like
profit Falls in these industries right I
think I bet I don't know if that plays
out I don't know how many labor markets
have been like at the unemployment that
we're at for like extended periods of
time don't know that actually happens Oh
once care could be if unemployment
remains low for too long as the cost of
labor Rises it incentivizes people to
more quickly move towards like
automation and women as well and I'm
willing to bet that automation the [ __ ]
I wish I think I gonna be back gonna
talk more with us but one thing that
would be worrisome is imagine the labor
markets are tight for like five or ten
years and people are willing to move to
automation I'm willing to bet that those
upfront capital costs are like a
one-time investment thing so that if the
labor market turns south again and
unemployment starts to rise even though
the wages would fall for those groups
you still won't hire them because you've
already made your upfront investment in
capital for automated jobs so you would
net those people would never regain
their jobs although this is like an
inevitability that our economy is like
barreling towards anyway regardless
right well automation combination
obvious he's threatening to work
manufacture where he's not as medical
jobs clerk it relates machines alone are
not my receptionist America at 1 million
in 2017 was 86,000 less than a decade
ago why do they lose out from that I
don't get it um so here's kind of the
idea behind like what let's see if we
can do this behind like how a minimum
wage might affect things so let's say
that um let's say that each of these
steps represents like like this might be
like we'll say this is some high school
we'll say this is like high school
graduate we'll say this is some college
we'll say this is like college graduate
right let us say that these are like
like if we were God and we could
determine like the real wages of what
people should be paid let's say that
it's something like this right if we
were to go and we were to see like what
do businesses pay like right now maybe
like what they're paying right now is
like let's say they're paying something
like this right ok like I don't know
something like that right
the worry is it like when you increase
minimum wage like if you set a price
floor at like a certain level that like
it causes wages to increase for these
groups so like all these people now are
making like more money and for the most
part like all of these guys are
benefiting
but there's gonna be some group of
people at the very bottom their labor is
just not worth this minimum wage so they
just get cut completely nobody hires the
people where they have to pay like a
significant wage premium over what like
they're worth wage premium would that be
correct though if they have to pay like
a significant wage over what this
person's labor is actually worth they
just they just get [ __ ] in that in
that minimum wage increase but all these
other people end up winning out and my
understanding is that this is what um
that this is what would happen is what
happened in Seattle I think destiny why
cuz it's just not worth it at some point
it's not worth it to pay somebody that
much like name an example of a job
I don't know [ __ ] any whatever retail
fast-food service level jobs like low
service level jobs like it seems like
your argument is against minimum wage
not what it is setup no my Agra is not
against minimum wage at all it seems
like a minimum wage law policies largely
help they seem like they're largely good
when they're set to what natural labor
things should be but the problem is that
there are some people that end up losing
out on minimum wage policy so you need
to do something to ameliorate these that
problem that means to like make like
better ameliorate ameliorate yeah make
something better understand yeah you
need to find a way to like ameliorate
these problems how would you feel about
some federal mandate for minimum wage
based on local living costs that that
sounds too much like trying to tie like
a moral argument into like an economic
like wage policy which sounds really
[ __ ] scary that sounds like some
Venezuela tier [ __ ] when people talk
about living wages I get very nervous
that we're talking about like pricing
out a [ __ ] ton of Labor like when you
start saying everybody should get a
minimum of like a living wage and you
take like a person that goes to like
work at McDonald's who should be making
like seventeen an hour now that sounds
like all those jobs are disappearing
immediately that [ __ ] is automated
instantly like that's like the worry
that I have when people talk about like
either tying wages to like a CPI or PPP
or some [ __ ]
I think the Consumer Price Index is what
you would tie it to you're right that's
like a basket of goods like yeah I don't
know I I feel like when we talk about
like wage redistribution like that I
feel like coming out of general funds is
better so like tax policy like Earned
Income Tax Credit which are kind of a
subsidy in wages anyway you know I think
is yeah I don't know
um yeah yeah that makes me really
nervous but we're not following
something like the MIT living wage
calculator work well like that's the
thing like wages aren't generally
determined by like what people need to
live and I don't know if that's an
effective way to determine wages right
like what if we go to determine wages
that way and we find out that like 20
percent of our labor force is just
priced out of the job market now they're
there the value of their labor is too
low to these companies and either the
firm's become non-competitive and they
can't the profit margin is gone
completely and the firm's just closed
shop and leave or the firm's at that
cost of labour are more incentivized to
make the bigger upfront capital
investments in automation and they never
need to hire those people again or they
find ways to outsource the jobs because
the global economy the global markets
are more competitive than what the new
wage floors are in America really
there's there's like so many problems
that theoretically could fall behind
like a living wage it seems better to
like allow markets to set wages like
competitively on their own and then to
come in from the side with things like
tax policy or other forms of subsidies
or assistance financial assistance
whether that's like like a universal
health care so like providing people
with free medical insurance some sort of
government subsidized housing I like
stuff like that seems to be a more
effective way of dealing with that it
seems to be you know yeah metal guy
solid actually had like Metal Gear Solid
2 especially like in the ending things
actually had like a surprising amount to
say related to this kind of like to this
the idea of identity man our identities
are such a are such a complicated Beast
like who you are and who you consider
yourself to be and the forces that come
together to mold you into a particular
thing that pull and push you into
certain directions it's like it's
incredibly intensely interesting and in
my opinion to like investigate like why
do I want not like what do I want to
become but why do I want to become the
things that I want want to become right
like it's a deeper question right like
everybody wants to be successful and
have a good job and make a lot of money
and buy big cars and big houses and
awesome [ __ ] but why why do you want
that is it because you really want that
or is it because your friends want that
or is it because companies are telling
you what they want that like is it like
it's intensely interesting to me this is
this game was what was Metal Gear Solid
2 this was like 2002 2001
and this is interesting like just a
quote from the game we are formless with
a very disciplined morality that
Americans invoke so often how can anyone
hope to eliminate us as long as a nation
exists so will we don't you know that
our plans have your interest not ours in
mind the mapping of the human genome was
completed early this century as a result
the evolutionary log of the human race
like open to us we started with genetic
engineering in the end we succeeded in
digitizing web itself but there are
things not covered by genetic
information human memories ideas culture
history genes don't contain any record
of human history it is something that
should not is it something that should
not be passed on should that information
be left at the mercy of nature we've
always kept records of our lives the
words pictures symbols from tablets to
books but not all the information was
inherited by later generations a small
percentage of the world the whole was
selected and processed and passed on
not unlike genes really this game-like
broadly refers to like meme theory which
I don't think people take very seriously
but interesting thing about nonetheless
but in the current digitized world
trivial information is accumulating
every second preserved in all its
triteness never fading always accessible
rumours about petty issues
misinterpretation slander all this junk
data preserved in an unfiltered state
growing at an alarming rate will only
slow down social progress reduce the
rate of evolution you seem to think that
our plan is one of censorship but we
propose to do is not control content but
to create context the digital society
for those human flaws and selectively
rewards development convenient
half-truths just look at this strange
juxtaposition of morality around you
billions spent on new weapons in order
to humanely murder other humans the
rights of criminals are given more
respect than the privacy of their
victims although there are people
suffering and poverty huge donations are
made to protect endangered species
everyone grows at being told the same
thing be nice to other people but beat
up the competition your special
believing yourself and you will succeed
but it's obvious from the start that
only a few can succeed you exercise your
right to freedom and this is the result
all rhetoric to avoid conflict protect
each other from hurt the untested truths
spun by a different interest to churn
and accumulate on the sandbox of
political correctness and value systems
everyone withdraws into their own small
gated community afraid of a larger forum
they stay inside the little pond leaking
whatever truth suits them into the
growing cesspool of society at large the
different Cardinal truths neither
clashed nor mesh no one is invalidated
but everybody is right or but I'm sorry
no one is invalidated but nobody is
right not even natural selection could
take place here the world is being
engulfed in truth and this is the way
the world ends not with a bang but with
a whimper couldn't reverence me we're
trying to stop the from happening it's
art blah blah blah and then it's like a
creepy AI that's trying to like create
like some [ __ ] [ __ ] by the well but
yeah I don't know yeah this is from the
you get like really weird in the anime
toga sell it to the system
you're talking about or that you're
dealing with is like starting to like is
starting to like go corrupt of evolution
and it's part of what we just rights of
criminals are given more respect than
the privacy of their victims there are
people suffering in poverty huge Donuts
dude metal Metal Gear Solid 2 gets so
much [ __ ] but it was put together this
is another game that's like it's like
meta meta you [ __ ]
Metal Gear Solid 2 is such a mindfuck of
so many different ways I love it people
I love this game for some of the reasons
why people hate it I think it like when
people ask you what's your favorite
Metal Gear Solid game Metal Gear Solid 3
is the correct answer
but the dog whistle to the real big
brain people is you gay Metal Gear Solid
2 there's only two types of people
really like Metal Gear Solid 2 the small
brainers that love big twists because
they're dumb [ __ ] spoiler babies and
blah blah blah whatever and then the big
brain people who are like metal gorilla
- was so good on so many levels right
like and Metal Gear Solid 2 there's like
this weird thing where a lot of Metal
Gear Solid 2 like strangely resembles
Metal Gear Solid 1 like you have a lot
of similar looking bosses there's a lot
of similar looking characters the
missions are kind of same and it's weird
and then you find out oh Ryden is
actually being ran through a thing where
he's supposed to be training to be like
Solid Snake and there's a plan inside
this game called s3 and what you find
out later on is that s3 stands for Solid
Snake simulation that's what this s3
plan stands for and you find out that
actually this whole game is supposed to
just be crafting right in with in the
game he supposed be crafting right and
into being the next snake by putting him
through like similar situations which is
kind of meta right like oh cool like his
whole life is whatever but that's
actually not what the game is about it
that and you actually find out that s3
doesn't actually stand for Solid Snake
simulation that was just fed to one of
the in-game characters what it actually
stands for is the selection for societal
sanity and really the game is like a
meta meta game where it has taken you as
a player and it's made you play through
Metal Gear Solid 1 again because that's
what you do as a player when you play a
video game you play a video game you
expected to be playing Solid Snake but
you're not you're playing right in and
you're running through a lot of the same
scenarios you did
someone and you're doing it all exactly
in the way you're supposed to because
you're playing a game and that's what
you're supposed to do and the game even
like breaks the third wall a lot to like
reach out to you and tell you that like
like I think there are parts where you
get like creepy calls where the guy like
tell us you to like turn off the console
and [ __ ] like with where the AI is like
glitching like hardcore
[Music]
riten turn the game console off right
now what did you say the mission is a
failure cut the power right now and
there's like a lot of like there's like
a lot of like really weird like like a
lot of we're like meta meta things that
happen like at this point of the game
but yeah it's like it's super
interesting mater Sinhalese go Solid 3
is like the best moto Gear Solid game
because it's so good and it's so much
simpler the Moga Solid 2 and there's
like an elegance than that but Metal
Gear Solid 2 is like is really cool
there's a lot of really cool [ __ ] going
on within that game I think I think
there's a lot of really cool [ __ ] going
on so many people were mad when they
found out that you spent 90 percent of
that game playing a character that
wasn't snake and that was totally [ __ ]
hidden up until the release of the game
yeah but um you should check out other
Deus Ex quote slash woods - I played
through deus ex machina - - or human
revolutions or whatever it was okay I
think I played through two and three but
I mean like it was more like um don't
forget it was the NSF I don't know how -
like how I said it's not sound like an
[ __ ] the Metal Gear Solid games I
think are the only video games that I
played that actually had like some
really cool like deeper stuff going on
usually when other games try to tangle
with like deeper level concepts it comes
off as a little bit what's this I'm
looking for a C word not crass not not
corny camp like a little campy maybe and
a little bit or maybe not even can't be
actually know cuz can't be implies like
self-awareness like it seems like they
take themselves a little bit too
seriously and then you wind up in these
like things where it's like oh like this
is like I don't need another game for
something to tell me like all of society
is evil and the government is
controlling everything and you have no
individuality as a human and it's like
okay like I get it
and when I look through like I didn't
play like Davis x1 but like when I
really go out of the old Deus Ex one
dialogue I get like clips it kind of
feels that way where it's like well in
reality the bad guys are the good guys
and you didn't even know about it
right or like that's c4
first place that goes here put the
pieces back together you can ask me I
think the government getting they want
people to think he has ever terrorists
like it's kind of like somebody was like
okay I mean like this is cool
I think it's cousin you were a kid
destiny it seems stupid cliche to most
people when they play it the concepts
are deep but it isn't done subtly or
well I feel like you have to be a kid to
appreciate it that it's entirely
possible Metal Gear Solid to [ __ ]
beats you the [ __ ] over the head with
these issues it's not done in a very
subtle way at all and there's like
there's a guy there's a niceness in like
subtlety or brevity and the way that you
present certain themes I'd be really
curious [ __ ] I wish I would someday
we'll go back oh the Bioshock games are
a really good example of games that like
beat you over the [ __ ] head with
their ideology and it's like okay I get
it
libertarian utopia is number one okay
dude I get like it's a little bit too
like on the nose maybe if I went back
and I played through like Metal Gear
Solid like one through three maybe I
would feel that way maybe like okay like
sure it's kind of deep but like it takes
us off a little bit too seriously maybe
but I don't know
forget all the hardcore philosophy and
mind [ __ ] mgs2 is the best game because
you can use the katana maybe dude I love
some of the medicine oh no it's not it's
a bandana I love some of the medicine
and some of these games in Metal Gear
Solid 1 you could get a bandana for
infinite ammo
come on time to go
if you run out of ammo you can have mine
you got enough absolutely infinite ammo
it's like there's so much weird [ __ ] in
this camp I love it I love it holy [ __ ]
okay
perhaps it is not the medium that I
should blame for my present
disappointment we brought the
limitations of my own voice I admit I
consider this possibly possibility
frequently perhaps the book isn't even
that good perhaps there's a bingo card
out there already anticipating
everything I say in it perhaps silence
is the only fitting response to the
present moment and rested as it would
have been fitting to put one's put to
put down once needle and thread when the
first industrial looms were installed
and to do something anything anything
else maintain wants to be he's an
artisan another thing that I thought
about this something that concerns me is
when people bring up certain when people
bring up certain memes he talked about
like the bingo card earlier today that
can be used to discredit everything
somebody says oh [ __ ] this article is
really interesting I don't think I agree
with with some of this but it's an
interesting article I it feels very
strange sometimes when I feel like I'm
talking to like a collection of talking
points rather than somebody that's
seriously capable of engaging with the
words that I'm saying it feels if the
conversation feels very strange I can
think of two recent examples of this one
example was when I was talking to Caleb
I wanted to criticize central planning I
don't think a command economy has ever
worked well in human history or at least
not better than any free-market economy
or any market-based even like a market
socialist based solution right and when
I asked Caleb about that he wasn't
really capable of understanding what I
was asking but rather his prepared
response was to people that said like
socialism doesn't work and it seemed
like he wasn't actually capable in a
couple there that was the one that I
remembered the most but there were a
couple different times where he seemed
very uncomfortable or I wouldn't even
say unwilling but uncomfortably unable
to engage with the point that I made
instead he kind of he knows like what
some people say and he'll even and he
even admits it right like he even would
say like like well I understand that
destiny is not saying this but I feel
like I have an obligation to speak out
against what Fox News and CNN and MSNBC
says and it's like
we're talking about right now though
it's so weird that you would go that way
I remember that once when Mike the
Central Committee guy when he brought up
I was going through arguments when I was
using Arg down right
I wanted to map out the arguments that
we made in the last conversation because
I wanted to make sure that I understood
all his arguments and I was counting
them properly when he watched me doing
that on stream he accused me of being an
NPC of doing a dialogue tree and it's
super interesting to me that he said
that because I what do you mean when you
say dialogue tree like it was when he
said when he called that a dialogue tree
it was like he was being a dialogue tree
right so like what he saw was a literal
tree of dialogue and then he accused me
of something to try to dismiss what I
was doing which is kind of what you do
when you call someone a dialogue tree
right there's nothing wrong with mapping
out arguments the reason why you call
somebody a dialogue tree is because you
criticize them because they're incapable
of engaging with an actual idea so you
dismiss it by using some pre memorized
you know speech you have or some rote
memorization of some fact that may or
may not even address what the other
person is saying that's what it means to
be like an NPC or or to follow a
dialogue tree so for him to accuse me of
dialogue Treeing him when I was just
mapping out arguments it was like
incredibly strange I noticed the same
thing a lot when I go on the app I
always complain about this but when I go
on the sex subreddit there's like I hear
a lot of advice that gets passed around
over and over and over again that I
don't think is true I just think it's
totally not true like there are like so
many we're it almost feels like when I
read through some of the subreddits
especially the sex one I don't president
anymore but it actually it feels like
virgins giving sex advice I guess this
would be like the map precedes the
territory again like a lot of it on
ironically reads like virgins giving sex
advice and there are so many like things
that get thrown around that are just
totally not true like so for instance
like um yeah like one of the big ones
was like enthusiasm is the most
important part of sex no it's not not
even remotely true
everybody has got well people like
people that are sexually active have
gotten [ __ ]
toothy blow jobs from enthusiastic girls
before they're not good
I would rather a girl with no enthusiasm
that perfectly knows how to freaking
work a dig then some girl that's really
excited that breaks your dick in half
because she's riding you or [ __ ]
drags her teeth along your [ __ ] and
you're like [ __ ] rubber on like 20
seconds like that's not true who would
ever say that nobody would ever say but
like it's like one of the most popularly
passed around pieces of sex advice ever
enthusiasm is way more important than
technique no it's not not even close
porn well this is a little bit more
complicated things like you can never
learn anything from porn I mean like to
some extent like pornography could have
destructive effects on like your idea of
like how to like engage with the
opposite sex it's like I hear like
stories of like guys like just
face-fucking girls out of nowhere like
on our first account probably not good
like there's a ton of cool [ __ ] you can
learn from watching porn like there's so
much cool [ __ ] like I've learned [ __ ]
and tried [ __ ] that I've seen like
important I would have never thought of
otherwise there's a lot of [ __ ] that you
could learn there there's like that's
like [ __ ] there's probably things out
said the sex if any but it's like it's
one of the like most obvious ones were
like when I go into some of the forms
that I read it's like this literally
reads like virgins like giving sex
advice is crazy
it's absolutely insane to me the essay
was about the recent difficulty that's
journalists had been having paying his
bills he noticed that his teenage niece
I believe it was a track that many
millions more views on Instagram of a
selfie for doing a duckface than his own
pictures of Pol Pot would ever get she
was an influencer poised to receive
corporate sponsorships for her selfies
not because any human agent ever deemed
that they were good at worthy just
there's no human agent of redeemed
Johnny Johnny yes papa good art worthy
but only because their metrics singled
potential for financialization this is
like dealing with a lot of the same
subject matter as like the videos we
just watched right is it or am I like
totally incorrect in linking these ideas
the the idea that like things are
valuable because we think they're
valuable and it's like this
self-fulfilling like cycle that doesn't
actually reference anything real or with
any type of underlying pull pas pull
pull pull
I don't know how scribes sorry one of
the things that I think is like super
interesting too is like how like even
like even some things maybe you guys
could think of more examples even some
things that are that appear to be meta
commentary so like commentaries on
society that like take place in a medium
that are a commentary on the medium even
those things end up becoming like part
of this like consumerist industrialized
capitalist whatever machine one really
good example I can think of recently of
this is poppy where it and I could be
wrong but like my initial like my
initial understanding of this was that
this felt like some kind of critique of
like current society like this sort of
like facetious self-absorbed selfie
loving very hollow stupid ditzy whatever
kind of person that's just seeking
social media attention and it kind of
revealed it using the way the videos are
shot the creepy kind of music or tones
on the background the very odd computer
like way that she spoke it to where like
poppy is almost supposed to be like a
reflection of how we engage with the
Internet but then like but now she makes
like music videos and like and like has
like a like a little TV show thing I
don't know if this ever went anywhere I
watched this last night because I was
bored and now it's just like
entertainment and it's like and it's
super weird did it got like that like
the meta-commentary got rolled into the
thing that it was critiquing maybe
unless it's still meta um but at but I
don't know right it's like it's so it's
so bizarre
I'm trying to think if there were like
other examples of this happening I'm
sure there are but the commodification
of criticism I like that phrase that's
interesting they rode the meta
commentary to success and then made Bank
yeah destiny I doubt it was ever meant
to be that critique you saw it as you
just read way too much into it well I
think that the original message was that
it was supposed to be a critique but it
was commercial at the start she had like
a commercial backer behind her some guy
that was helping or script everything
out and everything so like in a way
you're right
but like it's just it's like it's
bizarre it's like it's very hard to
understand like when you back up like
more yeah is there inherently anything
wrong with doing that um I don't think
anything I've talked about so far I'm
not
speaking in rights or wrongs right now
it's just more like kind of like an
analysis on like unlike I guess broadly
speaking like identity or cultural
identity or like yeah I don't know yeah
no we're not like not talking about like
things that are right or wrong just
things that are things like I think
poppy like feels like poppy like starts
as like kind of like a critique on
society a little bit it has to be like
if we go back and read some of these
videos even if it starts out as a
commercial endeavor like that's
definitely what it feels like I'm poppy
I like it when people comment on my
social media I really like are actually
like and like the more commercialized
form of her and the show like she even
gives you like that kind of thing but
now but now it's rolled into like a TV
show I mean I think it's pretty supposed
to be like like a reflection like a like
a commentary on like the type of people
that do this like I like famous people I
want a TV show people cool people right
but like but now it's like it but now it
is like a TV show it's like what the
what happened it's so weird yeah I don't
know think about typically rebellious
genres of music that became mainstream
oh dude the best example of this is how
many times I wish I could remember
specific times of like um like I feel
like I've seen like conferences or [ __ ]
or like I've heard this on like Amway
tapes
we're like [ __ ] like my parents used
to [ __ ] love this song when it would
come on the radio and [ __ ] didn't
somebody sue somebody recently didn't
Bruce Springsteen try to say that some
Republican did Trump use this at like a
like an event or something
I feel like I remember his story where
it might not have been Bruce Springsteen
might have been another group that was
like don't use my songs or whatever I'm
sorry in case you like in case you don't
know what the song is about we can go
through the lyrics right born down in a
dead man's town the first kick I took
was when I hit the ground and I'm like a
dog that's been beaten too much till you
spend half your life just covering up I
got in a little hometown jam so they put
a rifle in my hand send me off to a
foreign land to go and kill the element
right so it's like I do there's born
like a shitty City and he gets drafted
for I think it's a Vietnam right come
back home to the refinery hiring man
said son if it was up to me right he
can't get a [ __ ] job went down to see
the VA man he said son don't you
understand he's [ __ ] right he had a
brother at case
fighting off the Viacom they're still
there he's all gone he had a woman he
loved in Saigon I got a picture of him
in her arms now right brother died down
in the shadow of the penitentiary out by
the gas fires at the refinery I'm 10
years burning down the road nowhere to
run and got nowhere to go this is a
pretty [ __ ] sad song it's like a um I
don't know if you'd say you wouldn't use
the word bittersweet but like the but
like people hear this song now and they
play it and it sounds like like an
American anthem it's become like like
when you hear this you like it's like
patriotic right like and it's like it
feels so [ __ ] weird it's tragic
no I don't even know if I receive tragic
it's like it's like when you say tragic
this might be my home my English
background but when you say tragic it
usually implies like somebody's doing
really well and something tragic happens
and then it turns around right that's
like like a tragic hero somebody brings
about their own downfall or like a
tragic story is usually where things are
going okay in something [ __ ] up it's
not even tragic it's just overall like
depressing and dark and gloomy and
bitter and just horrible and Doomer
right like yeah people are here this is
like a celebration but that's not what
the song is about at all right it's like
like you're almost like crying out like
like ah like [ __ ] born in the USA
like and it's [ __ ] horrible right
yeah like it's just it's cray
wait hold on was this at a trump rally
is that people I feel like um I feel
like I only read stories no it's never
so like a video when political
candidates play Bruce Springsteen's born
in the USA at their campaign rallies you
can usually assume they've never
listened to the lyrics but Donald
Trump's apparent decision at the 1984 -
into his warm-up music speaks a certain
political savvy he added born in the USA
to his playlist at precisely the same
time he's been repeatedly alluding to
the fact that his primary opponent Ted
Cruz was born in Canada Trump fans now
booing Bruce Springsteen's born in the
USA I think the reason they started
booing it was was didn't Bruce
Springsteen come out and tell Trump not
to use his songs even though he has no
control over it it sounds more pathetic
as it really is on the fault of the
character in question he just sucks for
everyone yeah it's just like really like
horrible
Oh Springsteen is being booed at the
Trump rally as glory days plays
presumably because he opposes Trump
these people are going to hell Oh cuz
he's campaigned with Hillary Clinton and
then he called Trump a [ __ ] oh it's so
weird yes everything is so strange
Huck philosophies a good video about
this where counterculture ultimate
ultimately gets neutered to conform to
the status quo oh my god my favorite
example of this my favorite example of
this is oh my god it what the planet is
just crazy
everything about society is so crazy
I've talked about this on stream before
is wings I won't make you listen to this
whole video but like this video is about
its a Macklemore song about how his
identity was about buying shoes and how
consumerism pushes us into buying these
products that define who we are and you
know we want to be in a I think one of
the lyrics like we're trying to be an
individual but but we're really part of
a movement and it's like this minutes is
kind of like it's this discussion on how
like shoes make you who you are
even though they're just shoes yeah and
like the met like regardless if you like
Macklemore you think the lyrics are a
little corny or on the nose right it's
like a decent message this song that
criticized consumerism the NBA bought
the rights to this song and they made a
remix where they used it for commercials
to sell products and they edited out all
the anti consumer messages it's holy
[ __ ]
it's so crazy um it's crazy an
alternative version of the song was used
for commercials involving the 2013 NBA
all-star game it was heavily used in TNT
television channels promotion to the
event and at the event itself the
promotional film of Macklemore I'm
wearing the West number three Chris Paul
red jersey is shown in the new video
accompanied by a young choir wearing
all-star t-shirts Macklemore showed up
in the day of the shooting buh-bah where
he says he was informed that they might
rearrange the structure of the song to
fit the NBA event he added that in any
licensing deal they're gonna edit anyway
a four-minute song does not fit into a
30-second movie trailer legs have to get
cut in order for the trailer /add to
make sense with what the company's
promoting Macklemore was criticized for
agreeing to this heavily edited new
version in which almost all negative
references to Nike were edited out or
taken out of context with the resulting
video becoming a promotional piece for
the NBA
any attempt to reject the status quo
ultimately becomes a status quo because
it relies on the culture it seeks to
reject reject but this is different than
counter culture becoming the culture
because this is counter culture being
reintegrated into the culture this isn't
the culture becoming the counter culture
it's the counter culture being
reassimilated into the culture in a way
that all the original meaning like loses
its are all the original intent is like
gone I don't know that's like it's
insane I feel the best example of these
things we've been exploring bunnies on
Twitter Alda memes surrounding gachi and
the dynamics of the homoeroticism while
at the same time most of those meemers
likely being vehemently antique we're in
many of their views yeah that's actually
a really good point as well right that
if we bring up something about gayness
that makes people uncomfortable the way
that they make fun of that gayness is to
use a meme that's being represen that's
representative of an actual gay porn
actor like yeah it's very very very
strange as well sure yeah yeah that's a
good one
it's not that gachy thing kind of
reminds me of like like could you
imagine could you imagine if you had a
friend that was like pretty homophobic
and you're kind of homophobic and you're
in internet culture and the friend comes
over and the friend is like dude you
know what's up any guys like yeah what's
up and watching some streamer he's like
oh like what's that and you're like oh
well like he did something that seems
like kind of gay so when he does that
like the way that we make fun of him is
we all like post this picture of this
guy that we all loved it's like a gay
actor or whatever things like what are
you [ __ ] gay and he's like well no no
no I mean like that's [ __ ] as gross but
like it's like it's just like a funny
thing what do you anybody's funny
well like cuz it's like it's like a gay
actor that we had like a picture of and
we all like loved him and [ __ ] and we'd
like put gachi and [ __ ] and it's like
yeah but it's like we're we're making
fun of the gays when we do it like what
it's like super weird right and like
when you're trying to say like listen
listen hold on you'll understand listen
to this song called gachy
okay now listen okay but the guys are
like it's like two gay guys that are
it's like the precursor like gay sex and
it's like pretty like it's pretty gay
watching I was gay actually pretty gay
but it's like we're just really using it
to make fun of gayness kind of I mean
it's like super weird but the guys I put
those guys are gay right and you're like
yeah they're gay and that's actually gay
porn right it's like yeah it's like the
precursor to Gabe
sure we're not actually watching the
game point is like those are really gay
active but like we're it's like yeah
it's like super weird it's super super
super weird yeah oh I'm sorry
it reminded me of this for chained
copypasta I don't know if you'd call us
copy of us forever they got like a green
texture right um you know driving with
friend accidentally grab his leg instead
of gear stick we both laugh and I unzip
his pants
park the car while fondling his balls
friend is laughing because he knows it's
just a joke start sucking his dick in
the empty parking lot almost choking his
dick because I'm laughing so hard
friend is also laughing his ass off he
starts making train noises well young
broad you're a bro job he comes and I
swallow it all like some stupid f-word
kiss my friend called my football
laughing god I love playing pranks on my
friends and it's like yeah I don't know
reminds me of it back in my school I
would say that we were like pretty I
wouldn't say homophobic but like pretty
like straight like it was an all-boys
school but it was like really Catholic
and we kind of like the gay stuff oh I
don't think Catholics were fully on
board with it at that point but there
was like a lot of like weird gay joking
that was like kind of weird so like
people like slapping people's asses in
the shower it's like a very gay thing to
do to show how not gay you are and it's
fun and it's it was just like a really
really weird thing right like like the
way that we joke about not being gay is
by being really gay and that's like the
joke like I mean like on its face it's
pretty easy to analyze it as homophobic
but like I like a little bit deeper and
it's like it's just very strange it's
like very weird how everything boys do
that everywhere it's pretty much yeah
sure sure yeah yeah I wish you debated
someone like NIM or something I think
gachy is of anything celebrating
homosexuality
maybe I don't know the thing is is it
like I would be willing to bet that even
gay people you could probably find a
decent amount of gay people that might
support that idea but like what what I
would argue is that like I don't think
it's good to use somebody sexuality as a
punchline because you would make it the
way that I like to see if it would work
or not it's like if we did this to the
majority position would it ever still be
funny right so like for instance like
would you ever make a joke where you're
like you're doing something and you see
a girl and somebody's like haha dude
you're so [ __ ] straight like okay
well why the [ __ ] is that funny like no
one whatever like you look at it girls
like are you straight
you're so straight dude yeah I can so
straight like okay like no lay everyone
look at you weird right but like if you
look down the hallway and like a guy is
walking across the highway driver and a
guy like not to you he's like what are
you looking at I'm four dude like given
to a suck his dick are you [ __ ] gay
well now it's like that's like a thing
right but like what's the joke there
right the joke is that like lol you're
gay right and that's kind of like what
that's kind of like what gachy kind of
is right guide you like the gachy jokes
are generally like holy [ __ ] that's
[ __ ] gay and that's just funny like
just the fact that it's gay inner of
itself is hilarious it's so [ __ ]
funny
being gay is funny that's so funny being
gay right and it's like I don't know I
don't know how I feel about that people
say jokes normalize things I don't agree
with that when the problem is that when
you say normalize like what you're
actually doing is the opposite of
normalization let me explain this for a
second because a lot of people don't
understand this what it means to
normalize something is that it's
integrated into the culture in a way
that it's no longer exceptional right so
when you say something is normalized an
example would be like when somebody's
walking down the hallway to look at you
like what up are you gay for them or
something you're like no I don't
understand what you mean no I'm not gay
like that's it
now it's been normalized because it's
like being hetero like it's an identity
that isn't used as a punchline cuz
there's nothing funny about it
there's nothing funny about being gay
there's nothing funny about being
heterosexual well there is something
funny about being gay now right because
it's because it's not normalized like
being gay is abnormal that's why we
don't have like emotes that like make
fun of things when they're straight but
we do when they're kind of gay
would gachy is for and it's like it's
not normalization at all it's the
opposite of normalization if anything
it's very authoring right because you're
still making fun of the fact like why is
this funny it's funny because it's gay
right which is like I don't know I don't
feel like it's a normalization at all I
feel like it's the opposite of that
like if being gay was normalized gachy
wouldn't be funny right why do you have
those emotes then or do you just not
feel strong about this as much um I
don't have like I don't have like super
strong feelings about gachy like I
wouldn't go on to the platform and be
like oh like we should remove gachy cuz
like I don't know I don't like I would
argue at the end of the day that like I
I don't really like these jokes as much
but I don't have like a super strong
feeling about it not in the same way
that I feel about like c'mon bruh
because I feel like that's like way more
harmful but like yeah I don't know I bet
you kiss girls loser nice to be clear
there's like there's like a there's this
there's a scale to all of these things
as well so like when I say that like
gachy probably is kind of harmful or is
like a bad message or doesn't right I
don't mean to say that like if you use
gachy you're [ __ ] homophobe ugly I
mean I'm pretty sure I've used sketchy
before like probably even recently I
probably sell like gachy or whatever
it's just I think it's probably not that
good but I don't know I don't know like
a strong opinion about it it's not like
this is like a horrible evil destiny
kind of like your n-word I'm sorry this
was a turnip it donation destiny kind of
like your n-word past weed it's funny
because it's making fun of it but why
because of the n-word punchline well not
really like the joke of like the n-word
past tweet is that white people really
want to say the n-word
white people really want to be able to
say the n-word like they and like stop
the oppression of dog posters bonus meme
butterfly slightly NSFW and like that's
the joke right he's like even like
coupling like a pretty serious issue
like okay well maybe we can pay like
reparations like what do we what if what
if we got the n-word pass for saying for
paying like reparations like wouldn't
that work like would that be okay right
like like it's kind of making fun of
that idea that why people like really
really really want to be able to say the
n-word you know in just half a decade
animate raps and dick girls have done
more for the normalization
popularization of feminine boys and
trans men within the Western Zeit case
and social justice have a
accomplished since its inception that's
a really complicated statement there are
probably there are parts of that
statement that were incredibly false and
there are probably parts of that
statement that are incredibly true like
I think that using people's sexuality as
a punchline is not good but like without
like the whole anime trap culture and
everything I don't know if people like
sneaky would ever be doing like these
types of cosplays that are like and I
know that sneaky I don't know actually
I'm not gonna say anything about sneaky
sexuality but I know that he hasn't I
don't think he's outwardly a nice he's
like transgender or trans person or
whatever but like I think you could make
arguments that like having like that
type of transport and becoming like so
popular has probably done a decent bit
to normalize like trans culture but in
some ways in some ways it hasn't most
anime do not use traps as a punchline
that's 100 false the way that it's
presented popularly I think often times
does for instance this is one of the
reasons site Geist
site Z Geist uh people saying that he's
a girlfriend has nothing to do with
whether or not he's trans or not I don't
know why people are saying that oh hi
I'm holy [ __ ] guys okay but anyway what
was I saying oh like I've criticized
this before but like France is like a
lot of porn uses like the trap thing is
like a shock factor so oh oh I'm sorry
but what I was talking before one of the
reasons like this is one of these might
ban the discussion of like our traps gay
cuz that conversation always ends up
being incredibly [ __ ] transphobic an
incredibly [ __ ] stupid it ends up
being like a lot of assist people
talking about a lot of dumb [ __ ] that
they have no reason to [ __ ] talk
about and it just becomes like a vehicle
for like a ton of transphobia that's
about like I banned those conversations
I don't have people to talk about that
[ __ ] it's super [ __ ] stupid every
time it comes up steins gate has a trap
character I mean remember I said trap
character but like a trans character
probably yes sure but I don't think the
characterization of that character and
steins gate is problematic like it seems
like pretty genuine and they're
transness I don't think is ever like
used in a major way and apply as a
punchline is trap an offensive term I
would say so
Destinee I don't think trap equals trans
trap isn't trans necessarily it could be
cross-dressing
but like it but like it's I've seen it
used both ways like pretty
interchangeably like like yeah sure like
femme boys like being called traps yeah
like the femme boy stuff could be like a
trap but like I've seen like trans
people referred to as traps as well and
like that those Tessa pornographic
communities so I don't know but I don't
send a lot of time maybe like hard
corner of those communities they're not
but could you explain maybe what you
mean by gachigasm being a punchline like
when something cool happens people take
pogchamp and that sense pogchamp is not
a punchline
so like when people type in pogchamp
like what they're doing is they're
sitting like hey this is cool pong
pogchamp right when people type in
gatchoo with this thing is like hey this
is gay LOL that's funny cuz it's gay
right and that's it like that's the joke
the joke is like it's [ __ ] gay and
that's why it's funny and like I feel
like that type of characterization of
like gayness is like probably not good
right it's like I would say it's
comparable to like I'm like oh [ __ ] like
somebody's breaking in my house and
everybody types in come on bro like why
is it funny how black people breaking in
houses it's funny it's like mmm okay I
don't think that's a good thing right or
like you know like if somebody says like
hey man like I'll see you tomorrow and
like we can hang out and it's like to
another guy like hey gachigasm it's
funny cuz it's gay it's like
[Music]
octave Pharisee might look like this
this is Graham something whatever are
these called periods what's it called
from like
