okay hello you guys can hear me now okay
we are live yeah that was really crazy
so I have Lily here and we are going to
talk about what or lily is going to tell
you something more about that as to what
happened before we do the recap and
everything I know everybody is like
going crazy so lily hi Oh everyone's
going insane please don't send me death
threats or anything like that okay they
won't they want not not not happy Anand
I plan on killing myself for a long time
now like ever since I made that promise
to Chloe that I would sacrifice all of
you I was like [ __ ] what do I do like so
stress after week and I'm like you know
what just gonna kill myself but I'll be
honest I didn't expect to kill myself
this way this was like this was just me
being depressed in my own hotel room I
guess and I don't know I just wanted to
do something so what do you say we
wanted to do something what do you mean
[Music]
I mean this is kind of the most epic way
to go out ever right I'll be honest
maybe that's my bed but you know it is
what it is what can you do now yeah so
what are you going to do um probably
gonna come back with another character
awesome I hope so
yeah because we really really love you
yes I'll be Andy like I what but I think
it'd be cool to roll another character
that's not death goddess yes okay so
basically like your character kind of
just went down like a path that you you
were like yes torn I'm like oh my god I
have to like kill my party members
eventually but then like you guys like
your characters right you're attached to
you and I'm not I'm like you know the
easiest way is honestly just kill myself
and make a new character got it okay um
there's a party to join it oh yeah like
like provided that we all survived next
week oh yeah okay okay so yeah do you
have any hints for everybody on what
you're thinking about rolling do you
mean no mounds so good I want to be a
gnome hell yeah let's go I want to be a
guard no that's what I'm talking about
that is awesome
I thought pugs are real I think that
would be so cute I don't know that I'm
excited for another character so I'm
sorry to the viewers to maybe I don't
know got their enjoyment ruined I don't
know honestly it was like a
self-destructive move of Midori's part
because like I felt like my character
was just really depressed if that makes
sense and I didn't know where to take
her honestly I think everyone was just
surprised you know what [ __ ] it just do
it yeah well in a way I think what
happened was really cool because we were
also kind of stuck from a story
standpoint to dated about that - yeah
what am I doing here like there's so
many plot deviations I'm like what I
don't know yeah there was like a lot of
stuff and now like other people are
involved like we've hit he's like
something's gonna happen like Kobe's
gonna have to spend the whole week
figuring this out like there was a glass
case out of the stone I wanted to hit
the case and break the chase not it's
not his nostalgia with it and and Koivu
like when we went to break like
frantically takes off his headset it is
just scribbling like he's writing all
these notes he's like these like
dragging pieces of paper he just no idea
what the
really bad for me I'm sorry Cleveland if
you're listening oh my god
well yeah I I think like now that we
have like the wizard involved and like
now there's this gonna there's gonna be
like this story is gonna get crazy right
and so I mean I I can speak for everyone
and say like we I really really am glad
that this wasn't like my immediate worry
like what I was most concerned about was
like oh you don't want to be on the show
that would have that would that would
have broke my heart because that you're
amazing I really do yeah that is awesome
and I can't I totally understand that
feel like a lot of times I've been in
that same situation in roleplay where
it's like man I'm just not feeling the
direction this character went and it's
like especially when you now you have
like a better vision of the world like
you know how gnomes are you know like
what the classes aren't stuffs like you
can make someone that's like more like
fun for you yeah we don't you honestly
went through so much [ __ ] like after a
certain point like what even is my
alcoholic cleric or something right yeah
the community [ __ ] on me for that too um
like I was I wasn't playing right or
something so my guy I'm not go like
completely straight edge cleric that
likes healing and stuff but then that
didn't work out too because she kept
happening something alright so I guess
I'll go yeah but I just kept going and
then I'm like oh I guess I have to keep
chilling for the SCOTUS I have to cure
my party oh my god when did this
escalate was so what's the secret
mission that you had from the goddess
was that in fact I was going to
sacrifice all of you Oh like I was
trying to be friends and like you know
because there to you but I couldn't do
it so here I am so you suck you
sacrificed yourself for the good of us
honest
I wanted to tack off myself they're
gonna sacrifice myself in a little more
romantically I did not expect yourself
[Music]
are you prepared to rhyme everything
dude I'm actually really excited to be a
gnome that runs and sings yeah this is
like like okay like being a bard in this
world is like one of the most fun things
to do in Dungeons & Dragons and being a
gnome and Kobes world I think is really
good fit for you
I'm very I'm so excited to see you like
in this character this is gonna be
really cool
I'm just too much there gatekeeping
[ __ ] they don't know what they want
just a really disc age when everyone was
like she's playing around what the [ __ ]
is she doing she's annoying like stuff
like that yeah yeah I mean did it I
learned a lot I told you about two weeks
ago that I was actually there right like
I had gotten so many negative comments
on like like mitigating and yeah it's
it's so it's so brutal like I don't
think a lot of people realize like how
much damage they can do to us like just
by like like just yeah it sucks
mm-hmm so I totally feel you there I was
getting that too and like I was I was
really depressed like for cuz we took a
week break while Stephen wasn't and I
was like I was afraid to speak up or do
something because usually lock and you
know Captain Barbossa leading the charge
yeah what do you would it a culmination
yeah like everything and the thing
the thing I like about playing like a
sort of like lighter comedic character
is like when it comes down to like the
lock but I think like one of the things
that was stressful for you was like
Midori kind of had to have a voice with
Barbeau and Locke who were very like
aggressive personalities and I played
Gerald it's like a comedic side
character from the beginning so I didn't
have to get involved in that so now you
can just like sing songs and like well
they like chilli you seem like you're
having a lot of fun I am yeah it's
literally the only thing that bothers me
is the community really invested they
won't I guess some of them not all of
them all with me with your actions that
today I'm taking a chat and I'm like oh
[ __ ] I kind of exploded things more than
one way yeah again I think everybody was
just really surprised
yeah it was not the smartest move as
we'd already so I might have killed
everyone too so there's that I didn't
expect the ramifications to be this you
also rolled incredibly unlike I'm in you
rolled a one out of a hundred which is
the worst
yeah yeah you rolled the absolute worst
possible role you could possibly roll
[Music]
yeah so that or the yeah that was that
was a insane like the rng on that was
unreal so I mean it's crazy to me it was
like I was doing like I was like in my
head I was like oh I've got all this
research like I've got it I'm like
walking back to like the city and then
it's like I throw the dagger at the case
and I'm like holy Sh
[Music]
knowledge you didn't [ __ ] up like it I
mean you like you did but in a
spectacular way everything is great yeah
what like for the next week like I think
I'll tell you whatever comments are on
the threads and stuff like that just
remember like people are much happier
that you're coming back to the show as a
great character that you enjoy that
anything else that is like the most
important thing they see so yeah a
hundred percent look at the chat that
that's like that's that's the real
sentiment of the community and matter no
matter how many gatekeeping asks will
show up this weekend there's gonna be a
lot of them remember what's going on
right now that's it's gonna be the worst
but yeah it's gonna be the worst but
there hopefully like yeah just remember
this like it's like honestly you're
you're seriously awesome I've played
with a lot of people in Dungeons and
Dragons and you want I know how you're
gonna do on a creative role like this
Midori didn't have the ability to do to
like express a lot of the creativity
that a bard would have like a bard is
one of my favorite roles in the game
because you could just influence things
it's not only very powerful but you can
also influence things in so many fun
ways and will have rhyme battles now oh
my gosh I want to like prep some rhymes
before yeah because I know that can be
so hard like think you have my hands on
the spot I think it's in trouble within
a few weeks right I write like pages of
prep but yeah I do but there's a there's
a website called rhyme zone calm I'll
link it to you in discord where you can
go into here it's this and you type a
word so like if you're thinking of
things on the fly you type a word like
word you it'll pop up every word
associated that's like bird heard have
you heard about the bird it's blurred it
like you'll be able to like you'll be at
high improv that way but then I have
like set things to say to the party so
there is a lot of prep for me but you're
way more creative than I am you
like no dude you're so much more
creative than me you [ __ ] make songs
and [ __ ] play instruments and teach
dogs had a backflip and [ __ ] you can do
all kinds of crazy [ __ ] I'm like I'm
like a business person I have no idea
how to do this stuff you are in you're
in the right place to make character
like this this is true devin community
yes they do
on discord they will post rhymes in the
general chat because we have a live chat
going on this court in real time and a
lot of times they'll put they'll post
them yeah they'll post some very good
rhyme so that's also really help you
have a discord right yes yeah so in the
general chat I have a talk going on
basically like the entire show and yeah
yeah I mean I still do hours of prep you
should yeah I mean you're like any you
have thousands more right so like you'll
get it like so many rhymes of mine can
definitely think of a way better ions
than one person can yes absolutely yeah
that they can yeah that that's a that's
I think gonna help a lot then you have
rhyme zone and then you have your own
creativity what you're under estimating
because you're very creative so you'll
be absolutely fine I'm so sorry a few
characters that I always should I think
will live I think Roland but this is
probably the craziest thing to ever
happen in Arcadia like well it's
probably up there and like the top five
for koi boo he looks just mom at that
moment oh yeah would he like when we
went to Frick and he was like like his
like hair is all messed up he's like
holding his hand heads his hands in his
head he's like he's like poised papers
out like libraries and [ __ ] he's like oh
my god
like what do I do this can't be the
craziest thing that's happened in D&D
Dori in the in the entire in coid booze
universe I don't know in in the entirety
of D&D I mean this kind of stuff is is
infrequent but known to happen
I mean Coby do you want to talk about
this do you like I can add him and see
what he says because I would be really
interested on his perspective I'd be
very interested on his out of character
perspective on this and what he's
thinking right now let's see if I can
find him
we'll see if he takes the call just a
sec how do I add him I don't think it'll
be as bad at yeah I added him I don't
know if you'll he'll pick up hi how's it
going so we've we've been talking about
like what happens next and Lilly was
talking about her new character and also
I think everybody in the world the
surrounding world of Arcadia and is just
kind of like in insanely like surprised
by what just happened and just wanted
like we saw you on break like basically
pulling your hair out like reaching for
papers like like scrambling around like
what is your thinking right now right at
this present moment or at the moment in
which either would be good yeah or right
now I'm just wondering why no one's
[ __ ] laning top because mercs are
pushing down seriously why can't my team
get their [ __ ] together okay so that
wasn't that bad all right
[Laughter]
yeah in the moment
you know whatever [ __ ] gets crazy it
gets messy it gets really ugly and you
just gotta you gotta figure it out okay
what was the 1d hundred - I wrote this
big post but apparently was over the
character limit I'll see if I can't find
it and type it after the sports game
okay that's better written down okay
it'll be on my discord if I get it later
okay so the 1d how did head like a
purpose there was like a big thing that
could have happened oh my god everything
has a purpose
oh never call for meaningless rules okay
Lily Lily feels seems like she feels bad
that she might have destroyed your world
but I'm trying to assure her that you
didn't that she did not and that killed
innocent people you destroyed and in
that might have had like a magical
summoning ring in the bottom of it I
think someone built a teleportation
circle in the top story of that in which
is definitely gone now oh [ __ ] and all
the time I not even be able to arrive I
think you ruined his way of getting
there okay is there a possibility of
Malachi being on the next show next week
I p.m. dim but like you know he lives in
the UK yeah but I don't know I don't
know he's got like a regular job I don't
know up until like regular jobs
yeah the regular jobs clients that need
his attention and [ __ ] you know I am I
am so excited for Lily's new character I
can't even handle it are you excited to
have two gnomes in your world
that's what you always wanted right quit
boo I seem to recall when you were
making your gnome I was warning you off
of it yes and I doubled down
yes she did fun lots cuz Devin's a fun
person it's not the gnome that makes
Devyn fun dead and makes Devyn fun Oh
happiness comes from within that's like
the nicest I thank you so much do you
need better people in your life I do
like ya
I told Lily that she's gonna be amazing
because the role is like really creative
I'm not even a creative person I just do
a lot of prep and like like she's just
gonna do insanely good at it
especially as a more I'm why me sounds
fun you can make song alright you know
I'm so ready to rhyme even though I
don't practice this all the time but
Devin Nash is an inspiration to most so
I'm glad that destiny gave and the host
I don't know oh my god yeah now you just
got to do that for every sentence every
sentence okay yeah I'm telling unless
you feel like you can get away with it
every once in a while when Kobe is not
listening yeah I mean like [ __ ] just
went to crazy this episode for me yeah
it was just like this exact appropriate
time for gnomes to stop rhyming is when
like [ __ ] is exploding you know yes yeah
absolutely
whole so next week is gonna be crazy
you're gonna I mean this it's a
possibility that we all just die right
everything just like the credit
domination has been thrown at the
phosphorus tone and now you have to
figure out what happens next in your
world right I have a pretty good idea of
what's happening
we didn't have to end there I just
thought it was too good of a cliffhanger
not to end I agree I want to to take a
look at some things though certainly
yeah I don't we're not even gonna give
any hints we're iiving in one day like
whatever happens next
next week is what happens mm-hmm and and
out of all your prep you hadn't
anticipated a lot of things but this is
definitely not one of the things that I
really thought like throwing a weapon at
it from afar while it's still in its
case in a civilized area wooden building
you know it's just there's a lot of
factors to consider out here that's the
the Philosopher's Stone is definitely
like a a part of reality so it's has
weird interactions no oh my god okay
that sounds that sounds incredible I
mean I can't wait to see what happens
yeah yeah next week is gonna be crazy
we don't want to miss it if you guys are
looking for more D&D content that wants
something that has some little bits of
tie-in here and there that whole bit
about the the branding on that kid is
straight out I should say straight out
of but is linked to some stuff that
happens in dicing with death so if you
watch the mouth surfer campaign you will
understand what the significance means
of that branding that kid got how do
they watch that campaign where they go
you go to youtube or to my twitch and
look for dicing with death mouth suffer
YouTube's probably the easiest way and
throw a link for in chat for you please
do yes that's a single-player campaign
and the branding shows up at some point
in it excellent and also we can find you
on patreon.com slash Koivu zero and that
link above and if you enjoy the
craziness that gnomes tomes and tech
catacombs brings you you absolutely want
to support coypu who is a full time DM
running campaigns like this all
time on his patreon yep
and check out our Friday streams because
we have what we call critical feedback
which is where I answer people's
questions and help them solve their own
DMV problems and you know if you're a DM
and you're having an issue trying to
sort something out
come on by and give us your problem
we'll help you out that's Friday is that
like three Pacific time
awesome I will come by and ask how to
effectively use say Verdi spells I
forgot my place I love you too boo thank
you for coming by awesome man Lily he
doesn't hate you know what do you think
eh you why no he immediately went to go
play heroes of the storm because he just
can't deal with the the the aftermath
okay any any last thoughts that you want
to say to the I know you have to go but
again I didn't know I would exclude that
much and of chewing more people than I
thought oh my god
my character sucks he kind of went out
in the coolest way possible like what
was your vision for dying were you gonna
be like like what was it was it like
some kind of like ending of an anime
like how are you gonna what was gonna
was like your vision okay so there was
like a possibility I could live this
right yeah um I talked with Cueto
beforehand he said that if you'd feel
like you know you want her to die or
some day we can let you go out in a
really cool way right so you did talk
about like planning stuff like this but
this was very unplanned I guess I can't
explain it like I was trying to put
myself in my chair dish is what would I
dumb [ __ ] to present wanna end myself
I don't want to kill my party members I
just need to do something so I'm gonna
throw a dagger at to [ __ ] stone let
me maybe shatter its case oh [ __ ]
there's an explosion oh [ __ ] clip was
like scrambling around like you look
super stressed oh [ __ ] what did I do
GG that was my chin of thought jegging
that time did you have like a vision for
what you what you like how you wanted to
dye it like you just you're just like I
just want to like like coiba was gonna
figure so okay yeah a lot more like
romantic than that to be honest but I
mean I guess an explosion is kind of
romantic too I guess
yeah I mean you threw a dagger at one of
the most powerful magical artifacts in
this world and tactically nuked yourself
and an entire end and sent the entire
world and this story like probably ten
episodes ahead so I think this was
pretty [ __ ] epic positive yeah I'm
pumped
assuming that you guys live well
oh yeah that would suck but I'm pretty
sure we'll live pretty sure we'll live
and and then we'll we'll do our gnome
duo and we can make songs and we'll live
happily ever after with with Locke and
Barbra the video - I can I can totally
get that done
yeah can you ask absolutely I want to
explain why I did it and even if it
doesn't make the most sense for people
like I had a reason it was just not
executed properly okay I will I will get
Gary to upload this yeah no problem
comments I'm gonna get okay thank you I
I think it would and don't you're gonna
get some because people are just
gatekeeping [ __ ] but remember every
all the love in chat like that's how
people really feel yeah I'm just so like
uh some day like I know it's like you
should ignore the negative cuz it's so
hard though
did you beat like one car not really
Hertz and it's like ah get over it but
you know it's not easy to just get over
it 4head yeah the problem is that like
there's a like there's enough negative
comments that someone will just hit one
that is sensitive right yeah yeah I got
like I had in I had like four to five
page emails on like how Gerald was like
a terrible character and was like do you
value play everyone's playing to
character fine
oh I just don't understand that kind of
like hatred toward someone just playing
a cute little rhyming wizard gnome in a
D&D campaign yeah why it's like one of
the more chill ones too in this campaign
so it was it was really bad like that so
this is the Ameri when Stephens in New
Zealand I'm a white knight for you Devin
oh thank you for whatever reason when
you would that that week off that we
took between him and New Zealand and the
next episode I like those two weeks were
like like mission critical yet like it
was like no one even forgot about it
like like like a week and a half into it
I was still gonna emails they were like
you meta gave me an [ __ ] like all you
do is like bring out a character stuff
like you think you're really good at D&D
like you're a total [ __ ] I was just on
and on and on
I had like I'd like a two-page email
about just how to use fireball correctly
like how to like like time to write you
to Pete email on how to play okay I
don't know I will never understand
gatekeeping goobers is what I realized
people that have no semblance of a life
man
yeah that's insane it was it was a lot
luckily it's gotten better
yeah any healthy discussion is okay like
not everyone has to agree with what we
do right flaming like that is just come
on yeah I mean the people were just
projecting their terrible wives onto the
YouTube there they do way worse than you
he seems the worst oh yeah some of the
comments on YouTube we're like oh god I
wish I could turn back time and not mean
it I really you thinking like content
creator for years and years you get used
to it but some days you read one and
it's it's just difficult
very they call it not like tough tough
you know you have a good heart yeah well
you remember in league like when we were
like CLG like we had to tell the players
to stop reading reddit because they were
in team so hard yeah like they were in
teen so hard because they would they
would you know the League of Legends
after show matches on our legal legends
there's always like a post-show thing
look opposed yeah there was like this
whole thing she didn't offer me recently
yeah I heard of that what was that [ __ ]
about hundred these were losing
something and it was like an entire
threat about people were just [ __ ]
on Zach and he does not deserve no one
deserves that kind of stuff I had I'm
not gonna obviously say who it was I had
a player that was like sitting in my
office crying at CLG because of those
traumas yeah yeah yeah I'll message you
who it was it was it was like it was
like really [ __ ] yeah it was yeah yeah
like it like it wait after like one
particularly like really rough game
where they all thought that he threw
they like he was like in my office
crying for like an hour
because like it was hundreds of bad
comments yeah because he's pacing it's
very nice yeah and it doesn't deserve
that at all yeah no really
yeah nope yeah it's this it's like it's
it's it's one thing it's like it's like
you keep in the back of your head it's
like oh these are like gatekeeping
idiots that just like don't know better
but it's so hard do I put that into
practice when you read it over and over
again there's hundreds of comments and
like I just aggregates content catering
shame really you have to have like this
mentality you know like if you're not
careful that thing can bring you down so
hard like in the past here is like when
I had I think the hates die down for me
personally but I used to have like a lot
of hate right and oh yeah but people
literally someone sent a letter to my
house
the seven-page letter they found my
address it was [ __ ] up okay anyway but
I've had emails I've had DM z-- i have
had PM's like over the years and it's
like um there was like a point in my
life from like I wanted to quit
YouTube twitch everything cuz I'm like
I'm not the type of person that's well
equipped to deal with this I think an
emotional right but luckily I did it
there was like a time way fought me down
so much and I know like some people
actually I go to therapy for this
because it should really get to you you
know I don't think a person's meant to
like with Sam all those comments I
really don't yeah I don't think so
either I mean like not to go like too
hard into the memes but like in
evolution right like where we were in a
small tribe so like it was getting a lot
like we were both family and like
friends and so like getting a lot of
negative feedback was literally life or
death so like human beings are not evil
to like deal with that that it's a it's
like it's really hard for us to accept
negativity on this colossal level right
yes it really is and I know people tell
me all the time like just get over it
like go thick reskin your youtuber you
should be used to this by now etc but I
mean that's easier said than done I
guess and then you know people say you
know if you can't handle this maybe you
shouldn't be online but like the
convocation is like my life now I guess
so yeah but they're definitely like more
pros and cons like way more fans and
haters way more people who support me
and that really keeps me going
that's good yeah that's really good good
friends to like support me and
everything I think that's really
important
yeah and you're in the offline TV house
right so you have other content creators
who like understand and like can
empathize like when I talk about stuff I
events about stuff like they understand
because everyone in this house has gone
through that right so you're kind of
like talk about our feelings and like
it's really wholesome and sweet everyone
supports each other a lot anything
that's important
it is yeah I think the the offline TV
house has always been cool I wanted the
next time I come to LA I'll come visit
you guys yeah of course it's been a
little while that derailed into another
topic no it's good I think people need
to know like there's there's too much
freaking negativity on the internet and
like people need to work harder to bring
positivity out because it's so much
easier to type a shitty comment than it
is to support someone my
mm-hmm so what you said is really
important and I think more people need
to go yeah thank you for coming on
people and things so look you some of
you only halfway yeah but some people in
soloqueue are absolutely the worst oh my
god
is there anything else you want to talk
about it you've done amazing you're
you're awesome
I think everybody's really happy and
like I think once this goes to YouTube
with Gary like actually I think it'll
all be fine
like everything's good I tell him right
away to hard like Navi clean but just
like look what by 20% and I'll be very
happy I I think of number one there's a
lot of people here who will so do
support you and will support you and
hearing this will believe that more
people are supportive and understanding
and I really appreciate that considering
the massive [ __ ] I did so thank you
for understanding I wouldn't think of it
like that like you it's it's pretty epic
it really you
advanced the campaign [ __ ] like it
didn't you weren't expecting it to
happen but like like literally
everything came out the way that you
wanted right like you wanted to move on
from the character you wanted the story
to progress but you still want to be a
part of the party the meaningful way
everything happened like the only thing
that would be bad is if we all died that
would be bad but that's next week it's
very possible I guess it's not destroyed
if you can get Steven to role play a
gnome then we've done some what haven't
Steven really - no you're you're the
real wizard if you can make that happen
did Steven will always play like an edgy
human side
like we could get I'm sure I'm sure
Lucas would be death but Steve it's a
whole other bag of warfighter and three
little gnomes this this is what the cab
paid was destined to be from the
beginning really can't I'd love to try
that well if we all die Gerald can
jailed actually probably has a good shot
at escaping if it goes down to it
because I can like double I can like
triple bonus misty step like many feet
away and do some really wild [ __ ] so so
but if I survive and then you make it
gnome and then barb will explodes and he
makes a gnome then we're good yeah
destiny can rhyme he would be good at it
yes it would be very good he's
surprisingly very good at improv Olympus
yeah I'm starting an improv class next
week I'm super excited it would be
really good I hope so yeah I'm nervous
most fun things I've ever done it's
super fun I think it's just really great
I love it I would take more classes if
they could right now I'm pretty nervous
to do it because I feel like I'm gonna
be uncomfortable but like where were you
uncomfortable when you did it no no no
you just literally I just let go of
everything that you're like all your
self-consciousness like afraid that
you're gonna look dumb in front of money
but I felt like that I just let go of
all of that and just go with the flow
and have fun even if you make mistakes
it's it's that's like I think the fun of
it it's good the flow that sounds like
good good advice it helped me personally
with my self-consciousness too because I
used to be really self-conscious in
front of people but improv helped me
just kind of letting that go and just go
in with it right do you think it would
help in something like being a
broadcaster like being a streamer that
make you could make you a better
streamer helped with improv for sure
because I'm constantly talking to my
audience I have to think of stuff to say
like a lot or else people get bored you
know yeah so that definitely did help
that's good okay cuz I yeah I'm a little
bit I
like I originally took improv because I
want to be a better broadcaster and
flying I'm and then I'm like even though
I'm like used to like talking to a
camera I'm nervous like for somebody's
I'm like nervous like with that like
group of people and like to sort of like
bring myself out so it's good to hear
that like that helped you a lot like
every aspect of your life especially if
you want to continue Streamy being a
broadcaster it will definitely help I
cannot recommend improv enough to the
best did you take one out like one of
the really good LA schools there's one
called yes that's the one
yeah they have a book and everything
yeah no no I'm going to like I'm going
to like school in Seattle I'd really
want to take one in LA that'd be amazing
I see see I mean you'll probably do
finally yeah I mean I'm just gonna take
like the one I want and hopefully I can
go to like 200-300 afterwards right I
have the I have The Upright Citizens
Brigade book though I have like the
actual like tome I'm excited yeah I'm
doing that on Tuesdays and then on
Wednesdays we do this yet are you
started another D&D campaign - um yeah
but those are like one shoot a month or
two months or something like that
wait how does it work literally we just
spend the day shooting and I'll divide
that up into multiple episodes that's
like a once a month thing oh okay and
it's like everybody in the offline TV
house yeah like oh it's the main cast
cast like you said term really loosely
but SCARA fed cookies toasted me that
should be really cool looking forward to
that idea that you announced your
characters anything yet yeah we have
like two episodes already oh it's cute
um do we have time our new - dandy so
it's like really cute like the things
that come out of it is it like more
laid-back than this one or oh yeah yeah
yeah whoever is like whoever's campaigns
are like [ __ ] so much more light
yeah like what I clearly like you just
strap in man enjoy both campaigns
immensely like I play dandy for the
people not like I just like role-playing
with my friends and stuff so first you
don't like the caste fishy yeah it's
also a lot easier to do offline I think
when you don't have like a live chat
that's but this campaign is going well
and I think we're gonna really like your
new character so assuming we live yes
assuming we live big assumption we live
but we'll see we'll find out next week
thank you so much for talking about
myself not too good okay yeah and thank
you guys for understanding I understand
if some of you don't agree with my
decision I'm sorry about that I'm sorry
for everyone to campaign or anything
like that
I didn't mean to this way I just wanted
to go in a spectacular way hey okay bye
your wonderful take care
[Music]
